
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you. From daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long, Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and 100 nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's Elisa just for you


The Volume. All right, we back of the episode of Club our 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Same game with me to my left. I got my dog Bishop B, he out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty. What's happening bro? Shout out to my boy Daniel Bullock. Man, boy. Young premium whiskey man. Y'all tap in with my dog man. Okay. Appreciate the bottles man. For the game B, he gets the sophisticated boy. Well he, I ain't seen that before the whiskey. Yeah man, we gonna pop it one day for sure. He lying. I love we, I start off with this type of energy, black Scalia. I love to see this today.


Yeah, to my right. My dog Young Nacho, young t Got you. What? Tired niggas lying man. Nah, I'm chilling bro. Nah, we fucked with the whiskey bro. He had popped the other bottle. We was watching the game gave me a headache but no I didn't. Nah, lemme stop bro. We ain't even popping him open. No, but shout out to him bro. Yeah, no I appreciate it. Black on, black on right? Yeah, most definitely. Always support. Shout right on dude. Hey you got them shits on today. Hey, one of the best shoes to drop, man. Them kids in immigrant joints. It's crazy. Yeah. Shout to the game. Yeah, them it tough. You crazy. Hey but I see that's a, that's a spin. A Spanish sneaker immigrants.


So they're mostly cultural. I I believe some of them have a racist Spanish Ascent. Oh okay. I seen the colors. I was like, oh, I didn't know if that, you know, turned into green and yellow and red as the shoe went up. I didn't see the whole shoe. Thought I was a little rainbow ish. You can be the racist one. Not me. I don't give a that. I ain't racist. No, I was just saying shout to the shoe when them come out. Came out a while back. They been out a month or two. Oh okay. You got the shits on though. I'm still, every time, you know what I'm saying? You randomly pull those out. Those are fire man. I appreciate that bro. That's crazy. Shout to Signature Souls. They always posted some P like shoes. Y'all. Y'all wore in college. Somebody who needs more respect with that shoe game.


Marcus Williams. Oh yeah, he was Marcus Williams. UCONN every elite shoe at Duration. The UConn. Yeah he was first. He gonna love this. Jordan Crawford was too though. Nah, Jordan Crawford in Washington was going crazy. He was going nuts. But Marcus Williams was fresh as fucking coach. Yeah man, I like that page a lot. You forget how many people know what I said. Especially that time period. You kind of always had the heat but he was going crazy. Yeah. Shout out to Marcus. He fucked with the show Heavy. Oh for real. A shout out to, I talk to that nigga all the time, man. Nah, he had the red 20 ones on. I was like yeah, that's, that's insane. Yeah, my nigga said Hey my nigga T you got the, you got the Girl Scout cookies. I wanted to ask y'all, what's the the best Girl Scout cookie flavor? Blue Pack Tree Foils. You already know.


That's definitely a, a RP favorite but they are fired it, they fine. For sure. What? I dunno, I ain't had nothing in a long time. I used to like the lemon joints though. Mm. I'm solid. I ain't mad. I'm a Samoa nigga. I fuck with them tough. The purple box them go crazy. I can't do them. Yeah, you you gonna eat like one or die. They like, they like Longs Bakery for me. Yeah. What's the Samo one? Is there like a Twix and a cookie? The purple box. Oh, okay. Delight called a Caramel Delight. No, I, I never got a Caramel Delight called a Caramel Delight. Yeah, they ain't rebrand. They got a new name now. They not someo no more.


A lot of is racist. A lot of rebrands though for the cookies. You get a purple box of Caramel Boy. Yeah I can. What the fuck? It's like loans. I can only eat like one or two loans bakery, then I get a headache. I always wonder where that money goes towards. Like when you sign up for Girl Scouts and Boy Scouts like what the fuck does that money like you begging people all day. Like what do like where reward comes out of that? You said you're not teaching. They said they're teaching enterprise. No, you're teaching your kids how to beg at the grocery store. Oh for sure. Like them boy Scouts. I'm like bro y'all already gotta wear these dumb ass outfits Scouts honor. Like when they do so I don't know what they was on but I almost did the Elon Musk. They about to expand us boy.


Oh I know they do something like that or something. Nah, them boys, I can't believe they let him get that off bro. And he said it was Aman. Hey Elon's crazy. He be clowning on Twitter nigga he owns it. I know, but I'm saying he go crazy on there. Shit. Yeah, they just thought of racism all in our faces bro. They know we can do about it. They laugh about it now. Nah for sure. What out? I mean not funny but I was just like damn. No it's, it's ridiculous bro. What Fuck it, I fuck we gonna do. Nah, them boy scouts though. Yes. That's a weird ass hobby bro. Yeah. What did they sell? I don't know bro. Probably Knives was they Cutco shout out to everybody who had a Cutco and they like, hold on. I was reading this thing.


This is just a random, I was listening to this thing. They said the 40th richest people in America, white people in America are Richard and all the black people in America combined. Ain't that crazy. 40 motherfuckers is Richard and all the black people in America combined. Man, that makes sense. That shit crazy. That is crazy though. I was just, that was just a random fact I heard. I was just thinking like damn. Yeah that's niggas ain't got no money. Yeah. Eight like a buffer. Yeah. What It's 40 people with one white people just got better resources though bro. It's, they just take all of them actually. But they just, I mean it just happens though. They start, they start off better. Yeah, for sure. But I was just thinking now like 40 people, they can get all the niggas in one room.


They get all one state and it's 40 people just chilling on a farm. Right. We know 40 people like no actually 40 people. It's 40 people with way more money. It's 40 people at line. The Hendrick experience think it's like, you know what, we about to shake all this shit up man. What? That's crazy. Shut shit down nigga. It is. I wonder what that millions, I wonder what the richest one is though. Wonder what he worth or she worth. I'm I'm assuming probably Jeff Bezos in America. Jeff Bezos, the richest in America would imagine. Hmm. That's crazy. 250 something billion. If there's somebody who does even that's close that we don't know about. That's crazy too. Elon and Jeff go back and forth. Eli, Eli might be up on Drip now because he's currently up right now as of December 20, 24.


Yeah. What's he worth? 2 44 bro. What do you do with that? Fuck? What do you do with that type of capabilities bro? No, no buy Twitter. You too powerful. I'm gonna be real some random ships to, I don't, I don't want to. I don't wanna be that powerful. Alright, I'll ask you all, all a question. Y'all wake up tomorrow a billionaire. What? Y on a a solid billionaire you still can live. Cool. Like what you mean live cool? No, I'm saying like when you got 244 billion you can damn near bitch say something. I dare you. Alright. A hundred billion. All a hundred billion dollars. You small bill bro. If I had hundred million right? What do you mean that's game changer?


A hundred million dollars in like somebody just gave me an extra a hundred million dollars. I would, what the fuck do y'all wanna do? Like I'm doing everything but a billion dollars. Yeah. I probably pay everybody. I know. I give everybody I know a million dollars. That's just to start off. I only know about a hundred people. Yeah. Damn. So everybody a millionaire around me. We all lit. Yeah. Might as well have, yeah I got 900 left. Fuck. What am I gonna do with this one? Knock yourself out. Yeah, just a random fact. The richest black person in America is worth 11 billion. The 50th richest person in America. White person non-black person is worth 15.6 billion.


Wow. The 50th richest white person. That's crazy. Wow bro. Yeah, just to put things in perspective. But I'm saying though, Elon Musk bro, you too powerful bro. So I don't wanna be that powerful bro. That come with a lot bro. And then Jeff Bales have to split his shit in half. Yeah he give it to his Wife and he steal number two. Jeff really won that because well you got that much money. His split somewhere. She probably like, she top 20 for sure. I about her ex-wife probably 35. I mean but that don't mean nothing. We ain got that much money bro and shit. Kinda like I probably was smelling at my divorce. I be like a hundred million dollars.


I feel away. I gotta give you 50 and I don't like you no more. I'm shitty. I ain't gonna lie. She's 26. Yeah. See my bitch is still at the top. I can get her back. She still at AP pole. I can get her back. Damn. That's fair. But if you got a hundred million, your wife wipe you down for 50. You are sick bro. You mad? It's different. Yeah, you mad. It's different tears bro. If I got 200 billion and my wife take a hundred billion, I'm like fuck, I'll make it back. Yeah bro. If I get it back in the two years. Yeah. Who cares? That ain't nothing. Don't nothing man. What? I don't even know what I'd do with that type. I, I don't even know what's like I, I know everybody be rich.


I might get everybody 2 million just because, because I, I'm gonna invest the money in something so I'm gonna get it back just off interest alone putting 900 million enough. Just say you put it in a bank. What my bank at that point I was gonna say you're bank at that point. I just saying but like you hey, 2 million interest on this. 900 billion, 900 million. What the fuck? They're not gonna able like sir, you just own everything. Sorry. Yeah, yeah. Just buy country turn up. I don't know what you wanna do with that 4%. Nah for real. $2 million a piece. Everybody gotta get out my face. Of course there I no complaints.


No complaints ever. I ain't even say what I gonna do for my mama. Them. I don't either. That's just the niggas I know. Like Yeah. Yeah. Your mama gotta be straight, straight. Pay off child support for the rest of your life, my nigga. Yeah, my mama them. That's a hell of a lifeline. That's a hell of a lifeline. I'm sitting, I'm gonna get my mama and them 25 piece if I'm on Travelport, gimme me. Mine under the table. Yeah, you talking to motherfucker. But yeah, she can't take you. It ain't, you can't go to court. She can't take you to court though because it's a, it's a gift. Yeah. Just to make sure it's cash. I don't need a money order or wire or nothing. Nah, I'll pick it up in increments if I need to. Different Yeah. Give nigga shit in Duffs. Yeah. That's cool. That's crazy. I need a picture of Wint.


Oh that's crazy. Listen this morning man you probably a very interesting topic at five 20 in the morning. Let's revisit that man. Okay. You had, you had a nice conversation. We started up, here we go. What was it you got? Oh we had a conversation started. Oh niggas don't forget it now let's talk. Nah, I'm saying how we though, I hate Pauls in this podcast. Was there it though? So basically let me know if I'm saying it correctly. Basically it was just like, you know a lot of college athletes we see, we talk about black men ending up with white women. You just like a lot of these athletes, especially in college, when they ain't there, they struggling going through it.


They end up having somebody who's pushing 'em through college and nine times outta 10 it's usually a white woman. Yeah. She is just like, so it's just like what are they supposed to do? Like when they get older, if they've been with this person for this long, they supposed to abandon 'em to not go into a stereotype or they supposed to be with the people who've been there with them. I mean yeah, I think I seen Dr. Omar talking about this too. But the point I was making is that a lot of high school kids, it started in high school 'cause a lot of the good athletes or the better players in high school, college, whatever you going on, they went to prep schools. Yeah. And not too many inner city kids, black kids go to prep schools. Right. You might find a couple of black kids at a prep school. But let's just use Bronny as an example.


He go to Sierra Canyon where it's usually pretty, pretty well off people that go to that school. Right. I mean we just looked at the numbers. Yeah. They, them kids definitely gonna see Canyon. Yeah. It ain't too many black people going to that school or you know what I mean? So what you around is what you going to track. Like he around that, that's what he is gonna end up being around and fucking with. I don't know. Then you go to college, you go to a pwi, I, that's all that's there. So you, you gonna mess with what you around. I mean I think some are better. Our top athletes, it's hard to tell them to go to A-H-B-C-U just because of the, the amenities of like, yeah, I'm gonna go to, I'm gonna turn down Alabama for like Georgia State, I mean Jackson State.


And then you go to Alabama and Jackson State and you see what's going on. It's like, I, I can't, I can't turn down $2 million in NIL. They come to Jackson State feel like I can't do it. You know what I mean? Yeah. So it's just around what they're around. I get it. Like if you grew up in that environment, it's easy for us to say we went to public school. Yep. I seen my cousins, I seen black people all day every day. So my high school girlfriend was black, you know what I mean? That's what I was used around. I'm being around minorities so it ain't nothing for me to go to college and be like, I don't, I I ain't never seen white people. I ain't, when I went to Wake Forest, it was rare for me to see white people like that here. You know what I mean? We had a couple that went to Pike but it wasn't like that.


Yeah. So when I got to Wake Forest, I was almost uncomfortable. Like, oh shoot, like I don't wanna say nothing too wrong. So I was even scared to really engage in conversation with 'em. But yeah, that's us. It is different when you grew up going there in high school, shit, that's all you know. Shit. It's gonna be easy gonna fit right here. You gonna put your Spurs on, you gonna go crazy. Yeah. I gonna say ain't too many black people who went to White Forest outside the athletes. I mean, but bro, bro, I see what you was saying. That's a different case though. They was on Brony ass that prime pick. Yeah, they like nigga. But who was he supposed to go? I mean, he could go, he could go with some famous girls though. Why he go to Wentwood? I don't know who's a got a famous daughter with your house is black. Black. Your house is black, bro. I get the school that you go to, but your your crib is black bro.


Yeah. But you ain't at who? Your mama Black, your auntie, your mama friends is black. Your, your mama is the fifth on the end of the comb, bro. Yeah, but where I go to school at you, I'm all, I don't know when I'm at school, you know what you do when you at school? I, I know brother you bother and everything and now I'm brony. I can't even go nowhere outside of school 'cause I'm so famous. Like I gotta hang other people, famous kids so I can be Yeah. And under the who, who who Famous is me, Tom Brady. I think love, love, love who you love. But it is, I don't know bro. It's just different. I think the the household plays a big part in that outside of the school. Yeah. Maybe in that situ that situation. I I agree with you. But but it's also funny, they be like how we get so many mixed kids in the NBA where they're like all these AU kids is mixed.


Now they be saying all that and I'm like well you know they are shit. Well all the, it's a lot of faculty. All these famous athletes went to these four well before CK had options. Yeah. There's 50% white people. There's 32% black people, 13% Asian. So you know them black ones is probably, let's keep it real. They probably super smart. They probably nothing ain't fucking with. Yeah, they probably nothing. Nah, You probably ain't, they vibe the nerd like Uhuh. I don't know bro. I just feel like 32% is a lot of black people at this school.


It is. But you gotta think the black they got for OTE, that's why they put it in Atlanta. The black, the black girls like usually not, this is like no shade the black girls. But they be locked in when they go to prep schools. Like they there like shit. They be damn near top of the class. Well, okay, so what's another reason why a a a brother dates a white woman in college though? Because they take care of them. That's what Dr. Umar said. But they do look out though. What I was at Wake for is bru. They did look out bro. I ain't gonna shout to Rick Fox and what's crazy though. And I, I'm saying it like they used to be like they wouldn't even trying to holler at us.


They just be like, y'all need something like knock on the door like we about to go to the grocery store, y'all need something. I'm like, yeah actually I do. Can you get this? I'll write a list. It's 800 worth of shit. Okay. They walk, they getting, they hummers to go get it. The black girls damn there hate that I play basketball like you think you are the shit like so she wouldn't ask you, Fatima wouldn't ask you? Hell no. They was damn there like nigga she was, I'm trying to graduate. I don't give damn about you. Yeah. Like they damned her was like more like y'all the dumb jocks. Like, you know what I mean? They wasn't really supporting the basketball team like that. They ain't really care about that shit. They was there for a reason. And I respected that though. That did, like if you go to a man, you, when you go to the games and you see the alumni, you don't really, unless like A-H-B-C-U, you'll see the black people represent their school for sure where you go.


If you went to a Auburn or nigga, you don't really see no niggas out there here at the fucking end barbecue. Like there don't be too many black people there. I don't even ones that really represent they school be like the retired football players and shit like that. Yeah. Those, those PWIs it's a different situation. Even in small instance shit at Butler boy, I, to me we, we should count the black people at Butler. All right y'all, y'all got a point. But I feel like if you at a school and it's a black school near and you come from a black family, go go, go get one of them young ladies bro from a a and t or something. Bro. It's hard to venture out though because you don't, you're not programmed to date a white woman.


There's nothing wrong. You know my family is mixed up but there's nothing wrong with like stepping off campus and tapping in. You gotta gotta think about, say you because motherfucker Ashley probably down the street say you coming from with that same $800 as Sandy got, nah hell nah.


Actually is always heating up on the field at the Draftking sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draft King Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bits. If you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They Changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexie Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper. And This is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok And we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view. And I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We Wanna share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into Full Circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL General manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL History. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First, where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. Along with my co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes first, CEO. We're pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together. You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension. Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent shock waves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars like Dak Prescott, Tua Tango, Viola and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the First time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their client signing on the dotted line. Listen to the Athletes' First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


For them. Snacks. I gotta ask y'all a question. You gotta think about that and well me, you brought this up earlier. I play football nigga. I want a home cooked meal nigga. Fuck some funs. I mean they probably could do that. I'm saying they probably ain't like, certainly Sandy, we all come from very similar situations. Yeah. We only got $800 to give to somebody or to pop Fame. I, but I'm saying though, all right, I fuck the $800. So Sandy give you $800 worth of snacks. But fat teaming them down the street making fried chicken macaroni, yams. Yeah, I fuck with that. I'm pulling up. But you also gotta think when you go outside of campus, you gotta venture off and figure it out. A lot of these kids are going to college for one year, two years. Football players three at max sheltered.


Yeah, they don't really, they been sheltered they whole time. And you gotta be on campus, you gotta practice this and this. You just gonna be close to what you close to. Like when we was at Wake Forest, I ventured out just 'cause I was with a dude that was from the city and he like, nah, we gotta go over there. It be lit over there. And I'm like, okay. But nobody else on my team ventured out like the rest of the team. They had dated white girls like what you want? Like, I'm like, oh okay, I'm gonna venture out. It got so bad. I had my high school girlfriend come to Wake Forest us 'cause I don't, I can't do it. You know what I mean? Yeah. So it's just like it's what you around. I mean Shevin, he went, they went to, you know, Butler predominantly white and it was all white.


I gonna, there wasn't no damn predominant, you know what I mean? But I'm just saying like it, you kind of like what you like though. I'm saying he found his wife went Butler, right? Yeah. So I mean he found the one black girl locked in. That was me. But there you go. And every other nigga was hollering was was a senior. He was a freshman. So every on the campus tried to holler at this same black girl. I'm just saying bro, to me, I just feel like, I don't know bro, you got summer. Like you don't have to just, but the whole, the whole point of conversation was even our age though, like NIL is brand new when we was growing up.


I feel like, like you said, y'all had to stay, you know, within range of of the white women. Cool. But it was niggas that probably went across the street bro. And tapped in on, I'm not saying there was an exception to every rule. I'm saying majority of the people stayed close to campus. You know, like I didn't stay on campus. I mean I stayed on campus but I ventured out. I went to North Carolina a and t Central. I went to Win Salem State. I went to all them schools. So I've seen like why, why white women see the potential? I ain't saying that. I'm just saying like, as Dr. Wilmar said, they could, I don't know. I don't care that, I mean I just think they were, they were like, they were in college having fun. Like, I'm like funny itself, they was in college having fun.


I think when black people, when we go to school, if it's not A-H-B-C-U, I don't, I think we take the fun outta school. We like be so serious and locked in like what we doing. Like I ain't here to be fucking around helping around with you and make, I ain't, I don't care about the football game. Did you hear care about the best? Mike? Say bro, how many, how? How down we are right now. Hey, like we locked in. Yeah. We might be here on financial scholarship, might be here for my grades, but I gotta stay locked in. Yeah. And the the point y'all raised earlier. All right, flip side of this, y'all parents, if y'all daughter sit down in college taking care of a football player, she's supposed to get her education. You're pissed. Yeah. Hell no. You ain't supposed to be taking care of no nigga right now. That's a fact. I beating no ass. See the vibes. Let Lil see the vibes.


Let my daughter have a daughter. She, I go to school and she, yeah well dad can you send me 500? For what? Well I wanted to take John out. John fuck is John. He plays on the football team. Oh fuck him. He, he's like he must be sad 'cause he ain't got no NIL Fuck him. That's brand new though bro. I just saying bro that did. I'm like, but Cindy dad like, oh he's our start left tackle. I got you need a thousand and that's where shit get dicey. Yeah. Nah bro. That's why I'm shitty. I didn't get that real college experience bro. Nah, it ain't even that. It's just like, like think about it. I don't, I don't if you could look up the list bro, but people who was paying for their kids to go to school. Yeah. You remember that year they had that scandal where people was paying a hundred thousand dollars.


The house kids go to us C schools and shit. I bet you don't see no niggas on there. Probably rare man. We just trying to make sure we get through there by without being super debt. Now black people don't wanna pay for their kids to school. I'm just saying. So why you there? I look, look here. If I went to Alabama, Alabama and I don't know how close Alabama a and m is probably far in the bitch. But I am going to make my way to BET weekend. I believe you. I'm gonna find me a shorty. You gonna lock in? I'm locking in bro. I feel you. I'm not saying it ain't everybody that goes to school, school ain't poor. I, I'm not defending why you wouldn't do it or why they would. I'm just telling you how this happens. Yeah. Like and then people wonder like oh you know people always like black people, athletes be dating outside their race all the time.


Yeah. And it is like, well y'all want 'em to, y'all say they some ho ass niggas if they just start leaving 'em. Right. Like if the shoes on the other foot. I've been dating her since I was a junior in high school rapper. Yeah. They had rappers make it to the league and it's like nah, I don't fuck with her no more. He Would be shitty. Like we'd be fucked up This Now if he dated a black girl. It is like, and the district, we got to the CRI and this, I feel you So long You date a black girl all through, not you just in general. Yeah. And then you just come home with a white woman, a record scratch.


It's Kind of like for me because I, my wife is not, she's a minority but she's not black. Yeah. Yeah. I dated all type of races so don't worry about Me. Yeah Man. I don't, I don't, I don't fit this description. Yeah. Yeah. You, you Lamar Odom, you got all around Lamar. I didn't do crack but you got on the decor shoe pass Dribble. I'm just saying like, But Depend. No, we just talking about this morning because I don't know how we got started on that this morning. But that was a funny, it was an interesting topic. I think it was 'cause somebody was talking about Sequan, right? Yeah. Yeah. I mean they, they who you love.


But I'm just saying and I like I said, for real love we but we don't, we really don't give a fuck. No I don't give a fuck. I just don't think you have to be. Oh my god. I go to Florida and it's nothing but bunnies. No nigga. Yeah you, I mean you got, it is, it is probably black women on that campus. Real players prosper bro. You damn. But I'm just saying like Yeah for some of the more, it's like when you Oh go ahead. No go ahead. I, for some of the more sheltered people, I understand what you're saying. It's just like they, they removed from that stuff but from other regular people bro, you gonna find what you like regardless of what it is. So if that's what you like, you gonna find that shit. I, I put it like this or Instagram girl, most likely she only going to date famous or people with money.


Okay. Because that's the only people that's gonna approach her. Okay. Like Right. So if you on campus, that's just what it, that's what you around. That's what you gonna see. Yeah. That's your algorithm. That's your algorithm. Like I told you, I never like, I remember I got the white for, I never really seen white girls at, we didn't see them. Yeah. You know what I mean? So when I got to school and these dudes was describing me like she bad. I'm like my nigga like she bad. They like yeah. I'm like for real. But then I start getting around it for a year. I'm like she damn near decent after a while. Like she, you know what I mean? Like yo get out. Yeah. You Start. I dunno y'all, I Dunno. I'm telling you, I Feel like if I like steak and I go to a school, It's quiet for me.


That Is a vegetarian school. I'm gonna be a vegetarian while I'm at the school. Yeah. I'm, I'm going to eat the food that's set the School. That's what I'm saying. I like steak. Yeah. So I don't get my steak after school. I'm not saying not they Seem to stay vegetarian Because that vegetarian shit, shit. Well he said that's stir for our free. Well damn you gonna let me dry the Hummer? I had that before I'm drying, I'm driving to Saturn. Yeah she drove from Mississippi to la. I am driving Saturn. I'm driving to Saturn. They don't even make the car anymore.


That's so crazy. I need, I need that fat ass. I need that good meal. I need just that home. I want to go listen, when niggas is on break for college, you go to your girl's family. If y'all really locked in bro, I'm, I love white. I got white people in my family. Swear to God. But I want to go kick it with uncle. But what about they going to the Hamptons and you going to I you going back to the block? I'm going they was like yo, we got, we got a 10 million house in the mansions that we wanted to invite you to and you like or you go back to the block. Things be like well in college. Yeah and Tom Brady might be up there. Well vegetarian what I'm saying though. Well in college I don't know what I really wanna be in life.


I'm a double major. I'm talking shit but double major. Fuck. That's why I never fought like when girls like Instagram girls and all that shit. 'cause that's what who go after you? I'm just thinking in the future though, like lock in like I said whatever. But I gotcha. I while I'm in college bro, I am pulling up with the gang bro. I think it might be different now 'cause now people got NIL you can damn near. Oh for sure. Now you see like Travis Hunter had his girl living with him from high school. Like you can bring people along like you can do other shit. They thousandaires Zimmer millionaires, they can import export if they need to. Yeah. Like they got they vibes is all different now. So that it'd probably be less of that now if I get NI.


Yeah I don't think I'm bringing the high school shorty to college. I'm just now I'm saying they could dm. Yeah I mean they say he was DMing shorty whatever now you can pull up with Instagram girls, whatever you wanna do now. That'd be crazy. Ain't nobody did that shit. What? Ain't nobody had ese Virgos on campus with 'em yet. They elite, they do that. Hey that's you young. You young boys. Now listen if they killed Dre for dealing green and we see Bernie's bro, hey at ca at what Colorado Next year. Hey I'm telling you button bro. He elite. Whoever he is. No that's I I'm bobbing booking info. Just be sideline. I'm booking you to be to my supporter is fire.


That's hard. Giving an 18-year-old million dollars bro. Come on man. What do an 19-year-old since you get to the NBA so For sure for sure. Did y'all see the young lady who sued the ride chair because she couldn't fit in the car? I ain't laughing but I'm laughing. I'm laughing. Big Dan Rapper. Oh she a rapper ain't she? Yes she trying to hit a lick. I know Lil Dank. Well no this ain't Lil Dank. Nah, this big big this big P Lil Lil Dan. You don't know baby Spit. That's a little nigga that look like Jay-Z. Well look at that screen right there. Dude this is his cousin that aint JZ at all. It's his big cousin. I always had a problem with Ties JR.


Burger. I want a, we got the rapping and that's how it happened. Well girls will have no bra. They titties just me ain't say that. He's Talking about this young lady particularly. Not all women. So you su rock your service. What this, which one is correct? Literally you if you standing up and your titty shit on your chest like you laying down, that is crazy. Like the Rick Ross picture. But how can you suit me though? 'cause I just said hey bro I don't think you going, I don't think you going to fit my ride bro. He Got fired. I'm in the car bro. I drive. I'm just stopping to your shit. Lemme in. I paid for this but nigga I can, this is not Kings Island.


I can cancel your ride weight requirement. But we don't. And when we go outta town we get an XL black truck. Right. Yeah. We don't to get a sedan. Yeah. Being Across Because we, because we wanna be comfortable bro. But if I tell you like I it's my wish it's just me. It's for black men. Now we got Malcolm but Malcolm ain't black. What you think that for? When that family look Lil dang boy that nigga just black now. That's crazy. We got four black guys in Malcolm. No We got, we got Malcolm.


I was like oh I I'm saying now we got Malcolm. Oh that was, I was like this nigga's black. I mean if you look at it you could probably, I could pass for a Dominican. This nigga now girls be saying that this nigga, nigga, nigga can't you nigga. Oh no, but I can tell you nigga if you stink get out my car. Yeah bro. Because that's a odor. Not 'cause I'm fat nigga you, if you can't fit in my car, how are we going to leave like nigga you want me to move my seat Like I, I can't move it. When usually when people order nigga like Uber's damn near one size fits all.


Yeah but like you don't put this side. You look I'm by myself. Yeah but I'm trying to tell you the way my car is set up, my front seat. What kind of, first of all he Said his tires was tired. Look at y'all laughing y'all what tires? He Said what I'm trying to say is my tires are tires. He's out pocket. I didn't know he said that because he trying make trying to roast you. Nah, I didn't know he was on that. We gonna to get in trouble for that now she about to turn up. That's why he got fired. Yeah. Get your ass. So shout out to Big D. Get all your money. Milk that nigga for everything. I agree with that because she, he the dude coulda just canceled.


He could Exactly bro. He trying to roast he had a whole back and forth with Yeah he trying to roast her bro. Did he have a camera out? She did. Ah On the camera skirt off my bro, my Tire Tired. Big D Come on here, tell your story Big D Sue the shit out him bro. He but but I got write to roast you if you put the camera on me. Yeah but outside the big now time to play. I'm gonna give you a shot outside of Big D y'all can't discriminate against people's weight when they getting in your car and they orders your car to pull up. Yeah but if I really feel like you can't fit in my car, like I ain't about to be moving and I have to know what kind of car this nigga pulled up in. He probably had a a, it was a car, it was a sedan.


Oh damn. She can get in a sedan bro. It's the nigga said it's tired. It's tired man. 400, 400 pound life whatever that shit called. Yeah six when they go. Yeah when they go to they doctor's appointment bro. They be getting in cars sometimes bro. But I'm saying he did not pull up in the 96 Capris. They be in the back of like trucks and shit though. Listen, Listen Deja So you really telling me I'm too bitch to get in car de Damn all damn this morning, That day is kind of fucked up.


That's discrimination is crazy The way she said that. Like that's fucked up. Yeah bro. I didn't know that. He said that my tires guitar. That's insane. He's out of pocket for that. That's why he got fired because I was like that was kind of quick. But yeah he was on bullshit. But like you said you put a camera out get people come on the show. Yeah, outta pocket. I'm saying that's how I go. You know that's what people do. I feel like She should just order the Uber Excel though. I seen on big dang everybody can't afford that mic. She can. It'd be a gap bro. Yeah ever. This ain't even funny. But y'all said 600 pound like so it is funny. Y'all ever seen the one with a couple went where they was cousins or something nigga on scale and Yeah and the nigga said damn, alright do what you nigga that nigga fat talking about S So you bigger.


That's why he wait a minute. I said damn, Fuck you. Oh I was mad for her. What the fuck you damning for nigga? You ain't the smallest thing we say we just gonna join on each other all day. Man. Be the best man will bro. When I seen a nigga making breakfast on the bed, I turned that shit off. Yeah bro. When you making your breakfast in your bed bro? No reason. There's no reason for you having extension cord on your top of your beard bro. Bro. On the griddle bro. I swear to God he's on grid. No you can't cook some of your nigga we don't. You you eating the best So you, you something. You not cooking. Your said I, I would nigga said you know how they niggas be doing a reaction like the re re like reacting to the shit of the videos. Yeah Nigga was like yep let me get my eggs.


The dude was like yeah just get two. Just get two. And nigga said yep a 12 pack. That's why I had to turn it off. I said a 12 pack of eggs. It's not surface size bro. Come on bro. We gotta move on though man. Get on soon man. Get your money Big D for sure. 600 pound they need to take that shit off tv. Yeah bro. And that's the never will bro. That shit, that shit ain't cool man. That's crazy. I wanna ask how y'all felt about Mack McClung him being a rising star again for like the eighth year. Is that fair? Or you just relying upon him right now? He's a quote unquote Rising Star again. He is doing a dunk contest but he's a rising star again. I ain't like year four.


Think this is maybe his second or third. No way he playing in that game. He's not playing his but he's in the contest. Oh like I was about to say, there's no way he's playing in that game bro. He a rising star said he was gonna be in the rookies off with. He not? No. Oh I thought was saying he's in duck contest. Oh was in the Rising Stars game. I'm like the duck contests so trash they need to let the YouTubers do it. Why? Why we relied upon Mac McClum to save all our weekend in the dunk contest bro. Because he really be putting on the show bro. He defending Champ though. I'm not even mad at him 'cause he taking advantage of opportunity turn up. I fuck with his name is Mac. Amy, Mac mcc? Yeah I fucked with he got signed off there too. He did? Yeah. Philly. He actually can hoop though. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie to y'all nigga.


He alright. I think he know Orlando's affiliate right now too. He was at Georgetown doing his thing. But nah, I hate the dunk content. I don't watch that at all. I hate how bad a Allstar weekend. Yeah it's not. But shout out to Mack man. Keep getting that check. I know he probably get like 50, 60,000 for that. Yeah, run it up. I ain't bad. Nobody's bad. Maybe more than that. Win a dunk contest. I don't even know how much it is. But them saying he was playing in that game is out of pocket. Nah. Yeah, that's that's very out pocket Aros and s my fifth year in the NBA bro. It was wild. A hundred thousand when he win. Oh yeah. He need that run. Oh yeah. Run it up. I wanted it like that for the all categories. Yeah, that's why the All Star Game be weak. It ain't enough money.


People don't care. You see how they play in the in season tournament. Yeah, but I, I just think, man, go back to the nineties bro. Go back to the early two thousands man. It wasn't about that man, but the intensity of just people wanting to play. Yeah bro, I told you I miss Kobe for that bro. Real but who, who you think would set the tone for that now? Because I don't know young guys bro. Ed Ja, Jason Fado, who was the last superstar that participated in the dunk, excuse me, nobody Superstar apartment last Dwight Howard who after him. Yeah, probably Dwight Howard, the last superstar. The last really, really good dunk contest was Zach Levi being Aaron Gordon. Yeah, that was the best but Superstar probably Dwight Howard.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah. You was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexie Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper. And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok And we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've Got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view. And I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We wanna share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into Full Circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL General manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL History? I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First, where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athletes' First Family Podcast, the quarterback series, along with my co-host Brian Murphy, athletes' first, CEO. We're pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together. You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension and Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent Shockwaves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars like Dak Prescott to a tgo, Viola and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the First time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their client signing on the dotted line. Listen to the Athlete's First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Dwight was a superstar at that time. Blake Griffin too, though. He wasn't a superstar at that time. He was young. He was what? His first year. Oh, when Blake jump over the kid. Yeah. Nah, he was, he was. He was him. He wasn't a superstar. The star. I'm not saying he was the but he was, he was a, like when Dwight did it, Dwight was like the best in the league center. Like Yeah. All Star Boat. When Blake Griffin was doing that shit, bro, he was the premier pf in the league. Yeah, I guess so. We was excited. I mean, no Shade to Dwight. He was the biggest superstar. Yeah, he was off that. I agree. Yeah. He was like number one in all star votes and shit like that. Oh yeah. He was the biggest, but, but people was definitely excited to see Blake. Yeah. Oh yeah. We was because we knew he was a star. Like we knew he had crazy bounce. We knew all that shit, but, and I ain't gonna lie, this done contest was kind of shaky too.


Yeah, that jump over the key is a little iffy, but we gonna respect it because like Yeah, but whatever. Yeah, I don't, yeah, I don't remember. No us this Zach be situation. I ain't, it ain't been. They started putting young guys in it though. Yeah, I mean I don't mind who's in it just as long as they do it like Well it just be like you get opportunity to just be lackluster. Donovan Mitchell in 2001, he was a young guy. Yeah. After they did that, I don't know what he did. Team dunk contest shit. I was done with that. Yeah. We still gonna watch it every year 'cause it is what it is. But man, I think who won that year? Dame Willard. Yeah. It was some weird ass team but I don't know man. That's terrible. Allstar weekend used to be like something we look forward to now it's just like, all right, let's get through this.


We get to the rest of the season pretty much. That's terrible. I see. Oh boy. Trying to make the quarters go to 10 minutes now. Yeah. Adam Silver. Yeah. Yeah. Be with the rest of the world. Y'all think that's trash or Yeah, I like the NBA. I feel like it, that made the NBA so different. Like that was a difference between college and the NBA. Yeah. Like you played 12 minute quarters. The game was longer. Like it just felt different. Now if you go 10 minute quarters, I feel like college basketball, 20 minute half, it just, it is the same thing. Yeah. It just wasn't, it made the NBA different. Yeah, it's like he's trying to cut corners. He's like, yeah, I don't want to get back any of this broadcast money, but I'm gonna find a way to try to make y'all play less.


Pretty much. I'm gonna just save two minutes off each quarter. A to X many this X amount of minutes you're not playing now. It's like okay well if y'all wish wasn't so gritty and they had a smaller season, then you wouldn't have to have this problem about the lackluster quote unquote ratings. So y'all would pick less games over less minutes. Yes. Ideally much. I, I want everybody to get that money. Yeah, I was gonna say I I, I don't wanna take away no my money from a consumer standpoint. If you're telling me I'm gonna get a two games of maybe 40 for real ones, alright, make the shit 60. But again the money behind it, I know that's never gonna happen and I understand why but I'd rather have less games. That means more meaningful. So it means it's gonna be more competitive. Competitive. Yeah. 82 you know you gonna slack off and by the time you sad your team's sad for the next three or four months, then you're in the off season.


Yeah they fucking with the NBA way too much bro. Yeah, too many changes bro. Yeah we that shit the OG way. There are things that they could do to improve it. I don't think that anybody was complaining about how long the game was. Y'all think it's time to release that high school rule. Yeah you gotta let these kid go outta high school, bring the energy back. That's what's messing up the league. Like you getting guys they don't, it is messing up college too. Nobody cares to go to college for one year. I mean they getting money but yeah I'm gonna be, I'm gonna just go to the highest bidder like dude BYU like come on, ain't nobody BYU gonna be lit for one year. He probably gonna struggle because he gonna get double teamed all this shit.


It ain't gonna be looking how it's supposed to look. It ain't gonna mess up his draft stock 'cause he just way too popular of a player right now. But it could potentially hurt 'em like, like Rutgers are sad. They just so good. Like potentially they could be really good both of them players that we don't really, it ain't fucking with they draft stock but it's some guys that probably thought they were gonna be one and done that done went to college and it fucked him up and that one turned like a bunch of them Arkansas kids. Woo. You right bro. Yeah some of them would've went outta high school. Hell yeah. DJ Wagner outta high school top five pick.


Yeah he not gonna get drafted. That's crazy. So some of them rules. It hurt people because college ain't the NBA, it's a totally different game and some of them players gonna be way better in the NBA than they are in college. Like AJ Desa, whatever I'm telling you he gonna be better in the NBA because of style play. He get the iso you can't sit in the lane, you can't do that. You don't really double team in the NBA. So you think you gonna see a lot of that in college? Yeah that's why Ace Bailey looked like that sometimes we be like he cold but it's like you start seeing chink in the army, you be like well he can't do this. Well that don't look that good. You start criticizing shit that you didn't see.


'cause in A A u everybody play man to man. Yeah High school you got dudes, he went to a public high school, they good but you got dudes that ain't about to go play basketball. You got football players playing, you got soccer players on the team. So the competition obviously is a little down but hey you ain't nobody trapping double teaming him. He look crazy And like you said getting drafted, he going to somewhere they gonna develop him and they is going to figure out they got now you just getting criticized every week 'cause now you supposed to be hot shit you supposed to be out your average and 30 you're supposed to be winning games. Yeah And that's an unreal expectation for a kid to have in college. 'cause college is more about the coach than it is a player. Yeah. And you got 24, 25 year olds playing that being college for six years strong as a op and you, your first year you ain't really play against no men.


Yeah These grown ass men. Yeah. And then you supposed to come and kill and save it which is if you went to the league you'd be playing grown man but you get to develop like your whole day is based off of basketball. Like everything you do, you wake up in the morning to lift weights. This, this and this. You train and you learn to develop into a NBA player basketball player but you got time, nobody expects a rookie to come take over the league. Only LeBron had them kind of expectations and he only averaged 25 and five. And I shouldn't say only 'cause I'm of great numbers but we ain't expect that much from Bryan. Like we thought he was gonna be good. He did what he was supposed to but by a year or two and three we like all right it's time. You know what I mean? Yeah. College shit. They expect him to be the guy lead us to a championship and that ain't just, that ain't gonna happen.


So if you can go to Miami and be the man or go to Kentucky with four other dogs, what are you going to do? It depends what gave me the most money. Like, like why I go to Kentucky and I only got a million dollars but Miami wanna gimme $8 million. Shit if I'm gonna be a number one pick anyway I'm gonna go with the money. What if you only getting a million from both? Well you wanna win the Chevy shit or you want to average 30. Shit, if I'm trying to get to the league, I, I gotta get the fgs up. You're right. You're already a top free player in the country. Like if I'm like a Boozer twin, I'm number one player in the country, I'm gonna Duke like I'm gonna go to a system that's gonna make me look good.


I'm gonna play with some other co quality players. I'm on TV every week. I'm on TV and the pressure ain't all on me but it's gonna be on me 'cause everybody wanna see me. But I know I got some other McDonald's guys and some talented players around me. That's gonna make it a little easier. Yeah I'll probably go that route. But AJ 7 million BYU everybody know like ah it's gonna be rough for him over there but he got paid turn up. You gotta excuse. Look who I'm playing with. What about if you as a quarterback? What you mean I'm gonna where all the money at nigga. This isn't simple. Same money though. Football different. I I'm gonna Ohio State, I'm gonna Ohio State.


So you wanna win a championship in in college football? Yeah because I gotta stay three years anyway. Okay, that's fair. Okay. Yeah football, you gotta get that money 'cause you know that that's different. That's, you were hit away from not playing no more. I'm just saying if the money is the same. Yeah I'm gonna go to Ohio State though. Like know your yards or everything. Whatever position you play you gonna be the best at. But yeah I'm gonna Ohio State, like I'm gonna go show, be on TV every day. Play with the best players. Why not? Speaking of college, do we feel like it's coming to the end for Kaari? Yeah he done and I love Coach Cal but it's just what he had, his formula was meant for kids to go outta high school.


Right. And he was the guy that could get when they put the one and done rule in when it wasn't all this portal shit. He was the, he had the blueprint. I'm gonna recruit you the best. I got Kentucky behind me. So when you leave I can pay you when you leave like you at Kentucky, I can get you to do a signing for a hundred thousand dollars soon as you enter your name in the draft. So I can't pay you when you get here but when you leave I got you. It held, it held weight back then. Now I don't hold no weight. Damn. Like Coach Cal, I got five mil for you. All right. BYUI got seven mil but you could play for me and fuck you.


Yeah. Coaches don't have no no pool no more. Nah it's all about the money don't matter. Hear Rick Barnes, he said hey you doing, we pay you do this. Right. That's how they feeling now. But I do say that's a downside too 'cause if you go somewhere you don't kill, coach can sit you down and fuck up your money. Yeah and that's what Coach Cal will do like shit. So I'm gonna go somewhere like AJ where you can't afford to sit me down. Yeah I'm forcing your hand. I wish you would've send me alumni would kill you. Damn we won't. We paid AJ to play. You gonna, they'll fired a coach at BYU if he didn't play him. Hey Arkansas, Coach Cal.


Yeah. When you playing, when you giving one person $7 million? That's a yeah that's different man. Arkansas, that's a rare case though bro. Yeah, Arkansas Coach Cal can be like, he wasn't worth it like he played, you know what I mean? He, he he the school. I mean not literally but nah damn near though. Yeah like people know Coach Cal or Kentucky and Arkansas now. I think that's a good idea though AJ you can't. It is. AJ is on the hornets you can't do that but Coach Cal for sure bro like I think that's gonna help the kids though play harder. Yeah. I mean there's way more kids making that type of money than AJ the band so. Yeah and they deserve it.


The outright part too. I know it's the crazy part is you look at some of these alumni base back when they was paying him under the table they'd be like man he sucks. We do X, Y and Z for him now they putting dollars on that, we pay him $2 million and this is how he paid that shit is wicked. I wouldn't give a fuck though. They professionals now the only thing bad about that is they don't got like contracts like, I mean some of 'em might but they don't got contracts like the league like you signed a two year deal So you gonna get a million this year and a million next year. I think some football players got it like that but basketball is like a one year contract So you got 1 million this year or whatever it is. 300,000. We gonna see next year your ass might be yeah your ass might be down to 40,000 I-E-P-U-Y-I.


It is like damn. Hey listen I know they ain got NIL hell nah pocket they ain't giving out fruit cups over there. Players pull up who they got. Remember they had the, they had the the opens the trials year before last because like if you an active student pull up. Yeah I'm good. They wouldn't who didn't get no motherfucking scholarship. Who was we saying they wouldn't offer rash or nobody, no scholarship. Yeah they wasn't offer nobody from that team. All these niggas is hooping killers getting 300,000. They hold starting five coulda played the IEPY that next year. Man what It's crazy. Give was some IPY man. I know they had a new regime. We ain't gonna put no smell on them but the old regime.


Yeah but the open tryout is crazy work It was bugging Damn man. Good. What soon, what else going on in the world? I wanted to ask you, you, you brought up a point earlier in the conversation you talking about like the regime just from people who don't understand, what's your average day like as an NBA player? Like what's your day to day like? No not a game day or actually we'll start with a game day or practice game day you got shoot around. So usually if you, you at home you'll shoot around like 10 o'clock on the road. I think it was like 11 or something like that. I can't remember exactly. So you gotta shoot around usually eat breakfast after shoot around, probably take a nap, get the bus by three 50, get to the gym, do your shooting, chill for a little bit.


Play the game after the game. Get something to eat. Do whatever you wanna do. That's usually a day in a life on a game day, A off day you usually got practice like 11 not a game day, it was just regular day. You gotta practice at 11, 11 and two. You probably at the gym two 30 getting your work in lift weights, get some shots up, whatever. After that your day is free. So this is where the trouble come about for NBA players you got a lot of free time. So when you young, young guys always tell 'em though you should go back to the gym later that night. Probably come back in around seven, get some more shots to put some work in. Call a coach, whatever it is. You got some of your guys in town have 'em rebound for you.


Just keep stay in the gym. That's what I did my first two, three years. Some guys you get to go home and play the game all day. You get to calling the girls don't say you got three days in a row, you just got practice. That's when you go out to the club where you might have a little party at your crib. Don't let it be like the Super Bowl weekend or something. That's when the shit started getting vicious 'cause it's so much free time and you don't got nothing to do. You got all this money and you got free time. It it can get wicked. I can see how Zion a lot of habits start to form. I can see how he gets outta shape that much. Yeah a lot of habits start to to form man And Zion on the max deal too.


You ain't got nothing. We ain't used to really getting booty like that and that big old double in walking that motherfucker we ain't got, we ain't got a game until Friday. Bitch it's Tuesday. A lot of habits to start to form man. You start seeing dudes doing stuff that now. That's why a lot of guys get outta the league fast. Yeah because it's a lot of free time. If you ain't dedicated to the game or you ain't locked in, it could get spooky fast. It's so much shit for y'all to learn too. That's a different game. It's so easy just to do shit bro. Like it is crazy. It is just too much time. And then you gotta think when you 19 a lot of dudes they go from living with their mama to a college dorm.


Yeah. And then you get a million dollars now you living by yourself. That freedom different like college freedom. You, you, you got freedom with your coaching them yo. Your advisors in them still can tell on you. Yeah You still got a routine So you know you gotta go to class and shit. You miss class. You get told on you gotta run routine, gotta run all type of weird shit. NBA ain't ain't no advisors. Yeah and most of the time your family just happy you got some money now. Yeah. NBA don't give a fuck NBA you just gotta make it to practice on time. Long as you make it on time you smooth after that they don't give a fuck with you though. You can see the NFL don like that.


Go to the game. Go gamble, drink all night. Just don't be late. NFL they got curfew on Saturdays? Nah, we no curfews. Game day. Whatever you boys used to come in man. Let's say you play in New York. New York. Everybody like to go out in New York. Boys would be coming in seven in the morning walking to they clothes on regular clothes on walking to Starbucks. The bus for shoot around probably nine o'clock or something. It used to be early in New York 'cause we used to go to the garden sometimes. So it'd be hella early. Boys would just wear they clothes, tell the train, hey get my loop off the door.


Just bring it to niggas be and whole outfits on the bus. Like damn, get to the gym. Take they shit off. Do shoot around, come back home, go to sleep, play the game. Don't nobody say nothing. Niggas be smelling like oh fifth. Nobody care. Niggas would go home and nap man. Everybody come back. Long as you did your job. Nobody cared. Like I used to see niggas just wait like bro. When I was a rookie, Joe and them used to have like we at land in la they had car services outside but like on the tarmac or like when you went through the gate it'd be a bunch of black cars, SUVs outside the gate ready to pick you up and go to the club.


They only go hit, they don't even hit the hotel. They go straight here like drop my bags off. I, I've been a part of that. I was to drop my bag off nigga. Oh nah that's a, that's a vibe. That's the player thing about being in the NBA. The NFL. It is a, it is strict bro. I was definitely drop my ball a bag off nigga. I remember I'm telling, I might be telling too much but fuck it. Me and PJ one time we was in Milwaukee, we got to Houston, we got there about 10 30 at night. Right. We laying like 10 30. He like t we up and down or we just going straight from the airport. I'm like let's go up and down. Lemme change my clothes.


He like man fuck that. Watch what I do. He has a brand new Porsche pickup pick us up on the tarmac. So he get off the plane so he nasty yellow nine 11 on the tarmac. I'm like this motherfucker nasty now mind you we on a road trip. Ah. He like come on to he let's go. I'm like he I'm gonna take you to my shoe house. I'm like bet. I'm like man look what I got. I don't have on a sweatsuit. He like bring your bag. So imagine me I got a big ass luggage. The nine 11 Trump, he put his shit in nigga I'm in the front seat Luggage. Nigga Was text me like you thirsty as fuck. I was thirsty as I've been in front of that motherfucker. Nine 11 a luggage like this thirsty as hell.


You like man don't worry about that shit man. We ended up having a good time but it was thirsty as fuck though. Damn bro. Said we touched down, we outside. Yeah. Oh what nigga Up and down rule shout time. My old heads, I couldn't imagine doing that shit bro. Every night rookie you to go out every night. Shout out to all my old heads. I ain't gonna shout 'em out 'cause they supposed to married probably nigga's probably lying and shit. That was a different time of life. Yeah they was probably lying and shit. I actually That's just interest though because the people be like man like the schedule. I'm like yeah that schedules don't be as rigorous as some people think they have another five but y'all pressure to perform it so crazy that it bounces out way more. Oh yeah. It's now the pressure to perform is tough now.


Like you are getting paid off of your performance. So it's cool to have all this money. I know people always be like, oh I hate when he complain. Like I'm like it is cool to have all this money and make this money and people will say save your money and all this blah blah blah. With the average NBA career is four years. Right. So in four years you say you made, say you made a million dollars a year after taxes. Let's say you took home 200, 2 million after your four years you got 2 million, you got a head start. Right. Cool. That's 2 million. If you never did nothing else in life, you never learned shit. Let's just say you one a niggas went to school for one year.


You ain't get a degree, you ain't never learned shit. You've been babied your whole life or whatever it is. Niggas that took care of you, you went to Alabama, the white girl gave you money, all this shit your whole life. Right. And you done saved up $2 million. Now your basketball career is shot now you might go overseas for 25,000 for a year, like couple months you just doing this. You ain't you, you try to invest that 2 million, you still gotta live. So now you gotta find a place to stay. Say you spend, I don't know, 200,000 on a crib, 800, 180, whatever it is. Now you starting to see that shit chip away. You still gotta pay property tax. Even if you got investments, you still gotta live regular day life.


Eventually you're gonna have to get a job bro. Like you gonna have to do some shit else to keep like to maintain your life. Like this is just like a nest egg of 1.8 million. Which is cool but if you don't know how to do nothing else, what job are you going to fucking do? Yeah because a lot of us didn't have degrees. Like I don't have a degree. A lot of us are not qualified to do shit besides play basketball or coach basketball. Yeah. Or do some other shit. So that's where the, the trouble happened. Like luckily I was blessed to make a certain amount of money and be able to save shit where you like you ain't really gotta, you know with interest, your interest payments can really take care of your life for the rest of your life. But yeah, a lot of people don't get that same opportunity.


So you'll see niggas doing jobs and shit and people can't understand like why the fuck is this nigga working? He made all this money and they like nah not necessarily. And the nigga probably didn't had no more skills 'cause he probably left college after one year and shit. If he can't coach it, only thing else he can do is play it. If he can't play it no more and nobody gonna hire as a coach, he's fucked. Like you said the coaching, even in certain situation you have to have a degree of certain certifications. Yeah. In college. Yeah you need that And then that's the best case scenario. Yeah because most people get them checks that too that they got. Oh they done bought a whip. Yeah, chain mama. I'm saying you ain't buying shit like you ain't do nothing in the four years. Yeah you that's the best Terry Cruz boy you ain't spend no paper, you Yeah a normal nigga.


Yeah you done bought a chain, you done bought a house nigga you might be down a 1.1 to start your life. And niggas I know a lot niggas like oh nigga 1.1 nigga I've been good. You probably thinking that. I was thinking that same thing. But when you live that life your whole life, yeah it is different. Like when you a worker, you've been working since you was 16, 17 nigga I've been catered to since I was 16, 17. Niggas been giving me shit. You know what I mean? I've been walking in the gym, get that nigga some shoes, get da da da da. Everybody take care of everything. I ain't never had to work for shit. That's all I know is giving. I'm I'm, I'm Jeff gimme me this.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. You want me to play here, gimme a hundred. You know, ask what you been your whole life So you ain't never had to work nigga ask nigga NBA niggas how many times they done had a job nigga never. Nigga if you was good don't really got time to. Yeah bro. They don't have resumes. Yeah, like what? Yeah, athletes really don't have a job. I mean motherfucker like Kurt Warner, he ollywood did, he had a regular job bro. Kurt Warner was like worked at Kroger or something. John Starks What he do. He was, he was at the grocery store. I know but a lot of niggas didn't have regular jobs. Like niggas didn't have jobs growing up. That's why I tell everybody I was blessed bro.


That what we like even doing this shit. Like the fact that we found this and it even became something is cool like the Oh yeah. You know what I mean? The slot niggas don't find that second hobby. And if you wasn't blessed to make a lot of money and I ain't saying a million dollars, not a lot of money but in the grand scheme of things, playing professional sports, a million dollars is not a lot of money. Yeah. So if you not blessed like that, sometimes the situation is a lot harder. So everybody in the comments like oh shut up complaining they gotta go to work. Well you've been working since you were 14 So you understand how to work. These niggas don't know how to work. Yeah. That is a hard adjustment. Yeah bro, I just speaking about that. Like he ain't no NBA nigga, but he had all the bitches mileage behavior release singer.


They just had him on Twitter and he, he work at Amazon don't he? Yeah. Yeah I'm saying yeah. Oh you nigga he in that third shift going crazy Probably. No, I imagine he ain't that motherfucker smiling but I imagine, I know that nigga may you six, $700,000. Yeah he cashed in for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Solid crib for sure. Yeah let they was signing Chris Stokes. He probably, Nah I ain't doing it. He probably was. I ain't doing it. He probably, no we just got Chris Stokes.


I see you baby. It's nobody. Hey that's great. That's a crazy shout out. That is a Chris Marcus. I know I the joke but I wish he was here when he was here. I was so shitty. I didn't say that verse matter of, I meant to say that verse when he made for our plaque looking up. I be like ooh Hey they gotta get away with Chris. With Chris Stokes man. Yeah he got a burn man. Yeah him and Marcus hug Marcus Houston picture with him wearing it all white with the plastic over it. It is still one of the crazy picture of all time weakest fits. He was on the runway. What happened to them? What happened to them niggas? Man, Chris Stokes.


That's what happened bro. Done. They were fucking abused and taken advantage of B 2K. No, what was Marcus Houston group called? Immature. Immature? Yeah. What happened to the dude with the eye that they were talks told bro? I bro, I I I wouldn't advise you to go read that shit because it's dark as hell. Nah bro. They was what I just said they was abusing taking the bedroom up bro. Oh I hate, I hate to hear that conversation. That shit's crazy. Y'all niggas watch the Diddy documentary? Nah, it's like 30 of 'em. I watched the one on the ID channels. So it's like 30 of 'em there? Yeah, it's like three on two. I seen like half of one but I was watching one on the ID channel. What'd he do? They just trying to make the nigga just seem like he, I mean he qualifies for everything they saying like just like how aggressive he is and that was the first episode I watched.


Hmm. How he was just like super angry like he had like rage, he had snap out on any time. Yeah. And I was like well this look very accurate. You know what I mean? Like Yeah you'll see that shit. Yeah like you seen the video with Cassie. So this was like, I was gonna say after that I don't think nobody could hide behind like yeah. I'm like well it makes sense but we can, nah bro we saw that video. Yeah I'm like they trying to paint a picture of him being like angry. I'm like that that picture painted fell bro. He was a mean nigga. Nah. Yeah. Did he outta pocket? I'm just thinking of Chris Stokes bitch ass walking around LA like he's so cool. What? I aint that nigga bro. What? What Chris Stokes a legend. What is it producer or manager?


He got a couple adjectives now, but we'll move on. Type Chris Stokes man, I don't know what he did bro. I ain't really tapped in beat. Don't well it'll B 2K. Right. And I ain't laughing at the allegation. I'm just saying because that's crazy when you see him he just be walking around smiling and shit like Dude you're a piece of shit man. I don't know Chris, there's a lot of people who just haul shaped through the pressure now, bro. It's crazy. I don't even know Maker Manager. Oh yeah, manager Filmmaker Man. Oh Defund bro. I really had, I'm sorry all bro Who? Nah, nah, nah, nah bro. Nah, no All that's, he did that. Yeah bro. I don't know what he, I ain't looking. Ain't no allegedly to Chris Stokes.


He, he's, I'm gonna say allegedly. So you on Sues allegedly For sure. Nah, for me. He not for me. That motherfucker, that nigga over there not club off 20 LLC. Yeah, I said allegedly this is the gang. I got the train I'm wearing aur. I, I don't know. I don't know what that nigga did. They like said Rocky Nigga, I just been saying a lot of like Diddy having nigga sing for his beds and they showing a bunch of like rap battles and shit. Like oh y'all see the nigga, did y'all see when he was on making the bed? He said all right now y'all niggas getting naked. Whoa. Oh I gotta see y'all to quit. Shout out to Diddy man.


No we get some help man. I'm shout out, get up soon man. He gotta need some help man. They did say they had niggas like recording in the shower like he was making people record Like sinking in the shower, sing in the shower. MTV did not clear that like they had a mic in the shower Like he wanted them to set up the whole set in the shower. It's like, oh someone, one of 'em documentaries they're talking about this morning they wanted to set up the set in the shower and like they wanted to sing and produce the music in the shower. That's equivalent to r Kelly having to be in the studio. Yeah, that's some freaky news. Yep. I did, he had a big ass bed in his backyard. I was like, They had voice recordings of him requesting to his assistant dude like to bring him and shit, Bring him drugs, like Bring him like, he was like bring the cis, bring the mushrooms, bring the, bring the Adderall, bring The, I nigga was trying to go up top.


Damn, bring them cis. I think He kind really just stand like he just might've been a nasty nigga. Yeah, he just afraid nasty. He was too nasty and abusive. Did you see the Lio Papa's collapse? Oh my god. I'm so glad you brought that up because I ate that shit the other day. Wait what? Yeah, they got it on the one on 16th Street. Shit back alive. It's trash for real. Stomach was hurting all night. What'd you get? I got a six piece with the hook down Julio. I gotta tap in bro. I ain. I was like, I'm out of pocket. They put the Don Julio inside like I only think it's legal but I think 16th has been doing it on their own.


I'm I know y'all don't got No, they put shot Don Julio in there? Yeah. Oh. Like a little like a little hitter. Yeah. Yeah. But I think that was some niggas just did down their own. Nah, I gotta tap in. I didn't know saying wait that you just now said they run shots at the drive through a Popeye pop up. They was like we got Don Julio and the chicken. Nah, I'm, it'll be so Say Mike, look at it up and shit. I was shouldn pull up. But that, I feel that, I feel that's how it's supposed to be though. They really got him though. See I'm not on street. I feel like that's how it's gonna be. I think they got a liquor license because my thing is they said Taco Bell got a liquor license. That dude Yeah they got got the during Time in the Super Bowl for Super Bowl They said and select locations.


So when I you said West 16th Street in Ville. I'm like if they were selected, the criteria was crazy. But should y'all tell Location my niggas, but it ain't even now. Who is Hennessy on 16th Street. What? Well Avon deserve it. They, they deserve it. Shout out to the Hennessy gay. Y'all 16th giving me a shout of Don Julio with my chicken is Elite though. No, it's a, it's a garlic three piece wing specialty sauce. Mm. It's only a three piece and A spicy strawberry flavor lemonade mocktail. Mm. According to the company. Cool. That mocktail. Yeah, I'm cool too. Yeah. Respect I with that chicken bro. Y you ever made a sauce with liquor?


Yeah, with Hennessy. Yeah. I had somebody give some, he, we had some Hennessy wings somewhere and I did it. We did, we did Boston. Yo. So yeah it was fire that's did with, that's the day my stomach fucked. That's when everybody made a choice that night. A bourbon sauce. Matter of fact about tap in. Oh Okay. Made a sauce with a bourbon too. Tap in going like a little glaze ain't nothing bro. It really don't, I don't really do nothing. Can y'all like I really can't drink liquor when I eat. I can. That's why I was fucking with the Popeyes. Yeah. Like if I drink liquor while I eat Grease, I'm tapping in. If I drink like I, it don't take the food like you fucking up my food. I need like a Sprite.


Yeah. I'm cool like a regular drink. Then when I'm done I could drink some liquor but like I be watching niggas sip they drink while they eat and I'll be like, there's no way that's hitting the spot. Like is bro, that's not quenching. Your thirsty down in two Don Julio Rapto with your meal bro. Call the hotline bro. Bro. For real bro. You don't drink like Don Julio, y'all, you just get a drink though. But I'm saying a mixed drink with your food is crazy. Yeah. Like women get lemon drops with they food all the time. Yeah, that's crazy. Like liquor, why you eating a meal? I know people who have beer with they stuff and I'm like damn, that's tough. That's not it bro. It ain't, it's not as bad as y'all thinking. I, I've tried it, it is just not hitting the spot for me. I mean now if you taking a shot mid meal it's crazy Mid meal.


Yeah. You know. Go, go go to the nearest doctor. But if you got a drink bro, like a Hennessy sidecar, you got a meal. It's hard bro. Yeah, I do it all the time when I go to a steak because I like to pause but like you like to guzzle yo, you can always try to put some freaky shit on some. No bro. I'm talking about you. The words you pick always be like, but you like to drink drink bro. You don't, you not like a cool drinker. You're like a not a cool drink nigga. I don't like to drink like a period. I'm talking about Fuck outta here. You lying. Y'all know I'm the chillest nigga drink. I'll pour a shout out in a heartbeat.


Nah, but I'm saying though you really like drink like, so it's different. Like no nigga, I really, when I eat I really drink a Sprite or a fucking Yeah, but I'm talking about lemonade. You, you, you're not a cool like a, you don't get like a nice drink when you go out to eat nigga. You right. No I get a Sprite. You get a old real niggas get like a old fashioned with they meal, you know what I mean? That's some cool shit bro. So Mike, you drink bourbon with your meal? If I want like some wings just for a second that Yeah. And y old fashion is safe bro. Y'all nigga's too old for me. I fuck with old fashioned but I'm gonna get a beverage one. Yeah, I'ma to get a, I'm gonna drink after for sure. Yeah, I get a couple shots drinking bro. Y be drinking old fashion.


I, I hang with you. He nigga you against the bottle. Fuck. Talking about we be drinking, he walking around with a 42 pulling out his backpack. Backpack nigga fuck you talking? Okay nigga, you gonna quit trying keep throwing the drinks over me. Y'all already gave me the drinks. Alright. Y'all gonna quit putting all the alcoholic shit on me. Y'all already gave Christmas started. Y'all already gave me bottle. Said you got trauma from Mike and Paula. Yeah I was trying to get you to 17. She said no he don't need no more shoes, get into alcohol. That kind of shit. Is that that is wild.


She mother was trying to have a night or something was wild. See look, why would she request that she tried to have a night? Because she know how you get off liquor bro. That's not juice. Do I, I never, never even imagine you at a nice restaurant getting like a drink because you don't know what's a order for real Nigga, you crazy right Nigga. I'm the one on Cooper. I'll put him on all the drinks. Oh he, he tried. I had Ban and nigga I that's because he wanted to be the Rock when he was in the N NBA A. So that's why I had Banta. But he never put me on any other liquor Casamigos. No bro. Yes bro. I brung it to the city. Stop. No bro. I did this back and forth is always what I did bring Casa to the, he told me he brought Terona to the city.


I'm like no you didn't nigga. No I didn't. I never said that. The Rock sent me that. Yeah I know that. I give you that but Casamigos no bro. Remy White Remy you did in Atlanta. White Remy is definitely you. I had that at your house for sure. But that's it bro. Don't don't don't don't put that on my house like that. That was, he was filthy back then. White Remy used the cases at the door. These allegations bro. Remy spin a block. I was never even, I didn't even drink white Ruby. I just had it. Okay. I did. I ain't like it though. But Terrell Legend, he died. Him and Lou Legends. That's crazy man. My nigga Phil put me on Jack Daniels. Ugh.


Yeah Phil having a whole bar full of premium alcohol and him getting Jack Honey is still always a choice for me. Me, Phil used to tap the Jack and Coke facts. Yeah. I'm glad you put that Coke on it in that because we used to tap the Jack. I was like whoa. That's crazy. Come on bro. Yeah that note. Let's get up outta here. We got some nude merch. Drop, drop, drop it very, very soon. Please stay. These nigga is lying bro. I'm calling all lives out bro. I'm some real shit. I gotta agree with you. Fire. When is it when it's really We waiting on samples now? Yeah, I'm I'm always telling I saw it. No, we got the designs. Everything's Already Oh for real. I just, I didn't like the weight of the first shirt. I didn't wanna know more SeeThrough shirts. All this shit was gonna be light.


Yeah. We can't have the old Fox 20 Church. It was, it was crazy. We getting official churches. Yeah, I about to say I saw the PowerPoint but so are we going to Allstar? Yeah, we, we'll be all, we are going to Allstar guys. So we're gonna have some great content for y'all. Coming to Allstar weekend. Allstar weekend is when? The Valentine's Weekend. Valentine's Day weekend. Valentine's weekend. 14th through the 16th. Woo. Take care of it on the 13th So you can skate outta town. Yep. Y'all better get your cash crash outs. Get respect. 14th is on the way. The Crown is yours. Maybe hers. Who knows? Everybody's winning Valentine's Day. Hope you. That's all I gotta say.


I know that note will be back next time. Oh, lemme ask you a question. What did y did y'all get when y'all was little? Did y'all ever, like when at y'all high school did y'all have like the people come around with the roses and you can send a rose to a chick? Oh, like the dollar joints? Yeah. At Bra Ripple. They, no, my nigga was probably wrong. Did y did Y ever send them you ever send I never send one either. I used to start back, my birthday was on Valentine's Day so I would just get extras. Did you ever, did Y ever do the cards when y'all was like in elementary school and shit? You had to? Yeah y'all had to do that. You had to. I my mama never would do that. I used to feel like terrible like everybody come in with cars.


I just be sitting there like Yeah for a while I thought we was Jehovah Witness. That's why I thought I didn't. Oh me? Yeah. My mama never bro. You all niggas had trapper keepers and shit. Y'all ain't never had them. That's I know what you're talking about. That's too, that's way before your age Mike. Yeah, but a trapper keeper was like a, a special binder. Niggas had like cartoon niggas on that shit. My mom used to get me them little folders, the little, the vanilla folder. Man. What? Yeah take that. I used to be like damn, no my book bag shit was always premium but holidays it got wicked. I ain't never had none of that shit. I remember when Mechanical Pencils came out, everybody had that shit. No sir. Damn. I was going to the can you sharpen my pencil teacher.


I was one of them niggas. Oh wow. So when the book Fair pulled up you went pulling up? Never. I used just walk with everybody niggas just picking books in motherfucker. I ain't never do none of that shit, bro. It wasn't that bad in your house. That that shit terrible. I a mechanical pencil bro. Was 25. Yeah bro, you didn't get that shit bro. And then I remember we got what, middle school, high school? We needed that one calculator. Like the real one. The scientific calculator? Yeah. You was fucking dead. That was expensive. They out of pocket for asking parents about that shit. Yeah, I never had one of them. So you that shit for like one semester? Yeah, I never had one of them but like my book bag and shit. I, I always had what I needed. Nah, I ain't because I wanted a mechanical pistol. It was never a problem.


Nah, we ain't get none of that shit. I, I can't even tell you I, when I ever twisted that motherfucker in the pistol straw from the bro I did. Plus I was trying to get the fit off. I was, I used to be the, that was way but outside of that on purpose. Yeah I was, nah we ain't have none of none of that kind of shit. I ain't get none of that. Like books. I remember when people used to get the 64 pack Creon and the motherfuckers. I used to be jealous in a motherfucker. Well wait, what grade were you in? Shit. When you like first grade? Oh okay you pick, fuck you. But you know I see a 64 pack is crazy. You know what I'm saying? Remember that's a pack. You know what I, you don't remember what used Pack And then when we was little they had a special crayons that was like they had like different kind.


Yeah. Had color pencils bro. Nah I ain't, y'all definitely get that. Damn. When Colored pencils came out they, I definitely would get CREs. That's why we gotta get Michael or on the show bro. So me and DJ can chill. They could go back and forth about the dark days. Hold on. Y'all got colored pencils? Hell yeah. Nah do Carol and them like that though. I'm, I'm not lying though. They just did me. My mama just didn't care about that kind of shit bro. You had a color pencil bro. My mama I used to now nigga I told you all my history. Yeah I had them. My mama ain't get them Miss Curl. I ain't gonna let him do that.


I ain't doing it. My mama like that. We had Jordans and shit though. That's what made it crazy. She just didn't care about that stuff. Like you need some pencils go with pencil. Like my mama was like you need some pencils. It's a pencil right there. Like take that to school tomorrow. That's how she was. It wasn't like nigga you gonna have 10 packs of pencil. Hell no. It was a bunch of us. So you was the kid that never brought the tissue to school? No I didn't read nothing Snacked shit, none of that. Like I, this, this is when the only time I always to get mad at my mom. Like I ain't care about that shit. Obviously I but you know you didn't know I didn't, I didn't like I just see people with crayons. I'm like damn I got eight, I got 64. Fuck. How you get all them? You know? I mean you got yellow.


I the first pack you get. Yeah, I had the first pack. They had more than eight though. I had least 60. I don't know what it was. Nah, you straight. Yeah just a black green. They had the old Charlie's kids. I but you remember they June, February, forest Green and shit. You know they got all these other, I had them. Yeah. I ain't had no forest Green nigga got a 12 pack. 12 pack I eight pieces. Crazy bro. Hey Jeff had the prime pack. Oh fuck you. No I'm saying but you know when they saw doing their colors like light green hazel, I'm like nigga ain't had none of those shit had the magic markers but nigga when y'all went on field trips, I'ma ask y'all this that we could get outta here.


Did y'all like take y'all lunch and y'all mama get y'all Lunchables and shit? Or did y'all like have to eat that motherfucking cold sub apple milk? I hate the sub. Oh no we, I was, yeah I was rich packing my, I was Richie rich in my hood nigga. I used to be so shitty. A Lunchable was 99 cents. Mama, you could have turned up for me. I was like mama we gonna field trip tomorrow. They gotta get a Lunchable. She'd be like, yeah I got you. I wake up in the morning Mama can you stop and get that Lunchable. It's always something I oh shit. Damn. I'm gonna go, lemme go take some cookies out to out the cabinet and put 'em in my pocket for lunch.


She was probably fed up. There was too many kids there. It was too many. But I was right there by Meyer too. That's what make it. Yeah. So you know what I'll do CVS if I ask her early, I'll go get some hot chicken. I'll get Right. That's crazy bro. I was definitely, yeah my lunch was always packed bro. McDonald's what nigga? I would've hated you shit bro. I I would've been talking shit. His niggas, some of my niggas did though. I, I got treated different in my neighborhood. I would've hated you bro. That's why I kind of felt away about my dad. I'm like bro, I I don't think I'm supposed to be over here bro. We living too good. Be over here. Yeah. We like all my friends like shout out. All my niggas know. I'm like man, I used to say it too. Like damn bro. My niggas really don't got nothing bro. And I ain't saying we ain't hiding nothing but she just wasn't spending money on that shit.


My momma loaded up bro. Every time my niggas came over to the crib bro, it was love Me and Sauce. We was on 23rd and Ken wither on 40th street bro. It was love. Ain't no whatever you trying to steal cookies and no my momma niggas packed. My friends couldn't come to my house and eat bro. Well you could barely eat that much. Nah, I lived there. Oh my mom. Well you couldn't eat no snacks. Like we had a glass cookie jar. Nigga just so my, I love my friends came over. Well your, your parents nicer than my dad. My dad was always like that. Like if I would've asked my dad for a Lunchable he would've did it but my dad be gone. Mm. So my dad like when Philip and 'em come over, we ate McDonald's every like eating McDonald's and shit. That was nothing for us. We ate that shit every day.


Yeah like my dad was on that but like shit that you that other shit. Nah. Damn. She had a glass cookie jar nigga. So when you opened it you could hear that. Oh you could hear bro. Nigga what if you don't get your ass outta that cookie jar? What's motherfuckers? I'm like damn mama over the cookies. Over cookies bro. Beat your ass boy. Nigga you couldn't. We used to, you remember the gallon jugs of juice. You couldn't drink it. They couldn't try to send you to therapy after this. That's why the back school tea drives me crazy. No that's why you go to my house now. Now book bags when you go to my house brother. I got every snack in the world. Like 'cause I used to want that shit when I was little like gusher paws and all the fruit by the foots and shit.


I used to have that shit. I used to paws. That's crazy. But all he named the gushers first after the game. Nah, all that kind of kidney shots used to have all that. Did not know Mel, you go to my crib, that shit was premium because I used to this shit. I mean do you, do you like play with your mom? Like until her like nah you can't have that. If she come over to your house, would you do some shit like that? My mama, she too sensitive. Like you say no to my mama. What's the problem? I be like I'm just playing because a lot of de be on that though. You got some McDonald's money? Yeah, I definitely pop my mama hand if she reached a refrigerator. Just stole some cool shit. Boy you gonna get, you gonna get cut because I can't complain because I used to always get shoes when I was little so like shit that I needed and wanted I got.


But like that little kind of shit. She just wanna fuck real. I mean the shoes was cool bro. But like we used to get, I don't want no motherfucking sub that Miss Pat made bro. He definitely had to three days ago. I used to be like damn man. Yeah IPS co pack different too boy ass. That's what I'm saying. Y'all nigga was lucky A guy. My momma bro. I I PS it was wicked cold. Spring was crazy. Who? It was Wicked? IPS my whole elementary. Yeah, but I'm saying you know it was a difference once you got the guy. Oh well I got the guy the seventh grade. What Protopia seventh grade. What fuck passion. Where is the fuck is this nigga? I was like, oh this is premium. Yeah y'all niggas got this.


Oh man you could buy hot Cheetos at lunch man. What? Yeah bro. That shit different. Yeah that's when I start asking for some shit. Mama can I get a dollar mama? Can I get a dollar? They gonna make fun of my drink. She like make fun of your drink. I can't be drinking milk man. What the fuck? Yeah y'all niggas look different. Y'all think. See I'd rather drink liquor. Even that six. I'd rather drink liquor than my motherfucking meal than that 1% milk on my soul. Yeah, I I I drink, I drink some liquor with a over a milk. With a milk for sure. Yeah, milk. Which your milk is crazy. But that's all I used to get bro. I bro 1% bro, bro. Dark two, well chocolate, chocolate milk.


Ugh that shit. Yeah. Options. We can take the, the two small apple juices or the milk to get apple juice. What school you went to? Wayne Township. Damn they ain't had a apple juice over there. I think we had apple juice but that motherfucker was just a hitter bro. Yeah, I motherfucker was shot. I was, it was a, I was us a couple. This I understood why everybody in my world I was stole though. It was dark bro. We was going to get a couple. I'm like bro, you already don't got nothing to eat at home. Then you get to this motherfucker for nine hours. So you got, they give you milk with this meatloaf. That meatloaf. I ain't gonna lie. That meatloaf with the mashed potatoes and gravy was kind of heat never bubble. That shit was busting. That hot pack was bumping.


Nigga, I ain't gonna hug you. I used to double up on that one. That hot pack cold shit dead bro. I used to double up on that hot pack. It's terrible. If you look at other countries where they feed their kids and when we feed our kids, bro, it's a fucking joke. Nah bro, that's, that's why my stomach fucked up now. Eating that hot pack and cold pack. Hey man, please tell us some war stories of what you ate for lunch as an adolescent in comments. Can't wait to see that. How damn they traumatized. How the fuck my mama ain't gimme no Lunchable. That shit is a little dark bro. It ain't dark. She just ain't all my life. Your stories. I rather have Jordan than a Lunchable though. I ain't not me. I would gimme some motherfuck. Air Force ones Gimme shoes every day over a Lunchable. Hell my, because when I got home I ate McDonald's bro.


I was wearing Kwi I think. Oh I would've, he, oh you would've been flamed. Look at this nigga feet. I take my Kwi. Kwi. You wrestle. Ain't never beat him. Allegation somebody back there. The restless single bro, I, y'all, that nigga to wrestle warm up in a case. What type soccer do you wear with the ball on the forgot one time and I had to wrestle the, Hey, man, y'all crazy.


Y'all crazy. Y'all as hell. The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This is Lexy Brown And Mariah Rose, And we've got a new podcast, full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Full Circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policy makers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments and the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart Women's Sports Production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.