
Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one the old sent back and degree listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself. Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day.


Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic 'cause we came to play. Bring the magic At Walt Disney World Resort Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com and with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com.


Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places. Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. When you growing up, who was your celebrity crush? Ta. Tyra Banks. Tyra Banks. Tyra Banks will be She was always you. Yep. She what, what? 13 years older than you. She be 30 years old. It didn't matter. No, Because at when my mom was married and my stepfather, he always had the sports. He was Sports Illustrated and she was like, miss Sports Illustrated. Yeah. So when he had her calendar, I remember filing a calendar and in they closet and I was like, this is the first woman I saw.


I said, this is everything. And that was the first woman I laid my eyes and I was like, I like her. And, and it was Tyra, it was Hillary Banks. I love some Hillary. And was that really it? Was that it? That might've been it. Really? Yeah. That was it. Really? Tyra and, and and Hillary 1 0 6 and Park. How did you get the gig of hosted 1 0 6 and Park Got the gig hosted 1 0 6. Me and my boy at the time, matter of fact, not even I was in Australia. I was in Australia and I saw that 1 0 6 was going through changes. Right? And they, what we looking for a host? Look what?


So I, I got on the internet playing around Why you looking for a host on Mr. 1 0 6 apart? The host right here, I was playing and Steven Hill called and said, yo, sorry, what you put on the internet, you serious? Because it makes sense. I'm ready. And I'm like, damn, me and my boy Bart packed up, went to New York and here I am finally hosting the show that they, they named me after. Right. That was dope. It was a fun time in New York. Fun time. I learned a lot. I learned a lot business wise. I learned a lot in New York. Right. New York taught me a lot. I loved that time. Those, those two and a half years that I spent was well worth it. I would do it again.


For your third album, you left Soso and JD to do your third album. Correct. Why did you feel you needed to lead JD to do your third album? I never wanted to leave. I didn't, that was the moment where my heart got broke for the first time in music. Okay. Somebody who I consider a father figure to me, somebody I love, it's not even about the music, it's family, it's blood to me. Right. And he couldn't work with me because of contractual reasons. He ended up leaving Columbia, he went to Arista. And me being a kid, not knowing how the business works, I'm like, well, why wouldn't you take the biggest artist you have? It wasn't that he didn't wanna take me. He couldn't. Right. And that's when I realized, wow. Contractually, I never was signed to Soso Deaf. I was signed to Columbia.


Columbia. But this whole time I'm screaming Soso deaf in my record. Soso deaf this, so I got tatted on me. It's still Soso Death for Life. Right. Don't need no contract on that. It's inked. But during that time, I didn't understand. That's why he couldn't take me to Arista. It's like, damn Bow. You under contract. Technically I was your producer and because of what's going on with me and the label, it's gonna be hard for me to grab you again and, and and and and work with you. So I'm watching Jermaine build Soso depth To a whole nother level. Now he's having new artists, dah dah duh. It made me start being envy of him. I started not liking jd. I felt I started despising him. And I was just like, that ain't, that ain't loyal.


But I mentality was a business. It was business. And I didn't understand. I took it personal. And you already know, they always say never mix the two together. Right. And that's why. And You know, once I got with ti that's when ti came in my life. Right. And he became like big bro came and put his arm around me, showed me how to write. He was, he helped me out a lot. Tremendously from an artist standpoint. So, which I needed that. Right. But you ended up, you returned to JD LA All Star weekend. I called him. I said, enough's enough. Where you at?


He like, who this? I'm like, You know who it is. Where you at? We gotta talk. He like, I'm in Malibu. I'm cool. I'm about to pull up you and Jenna house right now. Like I already know. I'm on the PCH, I'm on the way. You Right. Pull up, go in the crib. First time, I think Jermaine probably seen me cry. Cry to him. Right. I said, I quit. He's like, what? I said, I quit. I don't wanna do this no more. I don't wanna do music. I quit. I think I'm about to just be an actor. 'cause if I can't work with you, then I don't wanna do this no more. And then I said, it don't feel right. Like, I wanna work with you. I don't wanna work with nobody else. It's cool. I went gold. I sold 700,000 records. Something's missing.


And when you had it hit this me talking in Jermaine, right? This new Soso def thing you kicking, It ain't here Weak. None of this ain't going nowhere. Like why are you wasting time and you got your guy right here. You gonna just leave me over there like that? He saw the tears. He said, all right, woke his ass up. Here come let me hold you number one. Here come Like You with Sierra number one, fresh as our man, boom. Short like mine, Chris Brown. Right. Number one, boom. That talk we had in that kitchen at, at they house at the time, it ignited a fire in JD and my man came back with a vengeance.


Then you look on the chart, Mariah, number one, Like You, number two, Mariah, three bow out four. Jermaine at the top. Top five was all jd, me and Mariah. Four Songz is me and Mariah. They his records. So just like how early on we was talking about how Jermaine know how to get his artist. I know how to get to jd. Right. I know exactly what to do, what to say, what say to it to bring it out my dog. And it worked every time. Right. If I'm not mistaken, I think Ho Ghost wrote for you, where are you on ghost writing? Because a lot of people have different thoughts on ghost writing. Yeah. I wish Jay did write for me. So I can say that I I wish he did. He never did help. He did. I wish he did. Right. That would be bragging rights. But Where are you on this about Ghostwriting?


To me, honestly, it don't matter. I think the fans don't care. I think. Right. Once it's produced and it's out, people going to take it and, and, and make it how they make it. But, but People, people only feel a certain type of way ghostwriting for MCs. Correct. Army singers don't. Nope. It Don't work. People ghost write for, for Beyonce all the time. Mariah TheDream. Yep. All the time. Michael. People go all the time. Nobody had a problem with it. It's only with MCs. Yeah. Why is that? I think because it's just the competitive nature. I think that's just what the, I think the forefathers of hip hop, they laid that down. They, there was no thing as a songwriter for a rapper. Right. You come from the hood, you telling your story. Who knows your story better than you? You, why aren't you speaking it? Why aren't you jotting it down?


You know what I mean? So for me, I had to learn how to write. And a lot of rappers don't know how to write. Right. They can wrap their ass off. Right. But they don't even know how to put it, format it into a record. It's tough. The hook can be 12 bars. Some people don't even know how to count bars. They don't know how to count 'em. And it's the simplest thing in the world. And I know for me, it bothered me because I come from that cloth. I come from that era. I come from hip hop. And Jermaine, I didn't know earlier if he didn't let me write because he didn't trust me. But I think I was too young and he knew exactly what I needed to say. Right. And as I watched him and Ka like TI Wright, it made me a better writer and it turned me into a beast with my own pen.


So now I don't need nobody in the studio with me. Now I might call on some cats for like, if I'm in the booth, I might say what y'all hearing? Like y'all hearing anything like what y'all hearing y'all what y'all feeling? And they might say something, okay, I'm going there with it then I bet gimme a go. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm ready. I'm locked. But I think everybody has a little help in the studio. Everybody has some help in the studio. Absolutely. You signed with Cash Money with Lil Wayne, you, Nicky Drake, Birdman. How did that come about? When I left Columbia because of what I went through with them and with Jermaine and all of that. And I felt like I really wasn't getting the attention from the label that I wanted.


I called Stunner and I was like, yo, I'm, I'm a free agent. And I'm like, I don't trust the majors. Like I just, You know, I'm comfortable being with people that I know and that I'm comfortable with. And if it's not Jermaine, if it ain't a Snoop, me and Stunner, we always had a, a cool relationship and they was on fire. And I'm like, yo, throw me in the fire, man. Just come get, come grab me bro. Right. He said, for real, Weezy, you for real was you heard me, you, you, you, you're free. I said, I'm free as a bird. Come get me. Came and got me. Made it happen. And I was comfortable there and I had a great time being there was stunning. And being over there at Cash Money, I learned a lot from him. I learned a lot from Slim, his brother watching Wayne work.


Me and Wayne work ethic is like so identical when it come in that studio. I would spend three days straight there, no shower or nothing. The same clothes getting to it. Go drop the record off the Wayne Room. Rain. Wayne is one of the coldest, most reliable guys. When you need a verse, he's gonna do it right there on the spot and walk it right back over to your room. I loved my time at Cash Money, had a chance to live in Miami, move to Miami. I always had a crib, Miami for eight years. But that made me really like relocate. So I left Atlanta and moved to my condo in Miami. I was, you already know South Beach was, was a time, but I had a lot of fun. And, and the energy that was coming in Right. Coming into Miami, around that time, LeBron just, I went there. Then LeBron goes on top of that. Y-M-C-M-B, we on fire. So the city was just, you wanted to soak up that energy and being in Miami at that time, that's where the energy was.


But You never, you didn't release an album? Nope. We released two records. I released a record with Wayne called Sweat, and I released another single with T Payne. Right. But never had a chance to put out a full project. But we did two joints and I did some joints for some, some other artists. Yeah. And I did some records with some other artists too. That was on your money. Yep. And then you ended up signing, did you signed with Diddy for a while? Once you left there? When I left there didn't sign with Puff, but I did. It was more of like a management Okay. Type of thing. Okay. With his guys. Right. And it was, that's what it, it was more that because that was around the time where I was learning from him.


And I just needed that. I, I, I once again, somebody that I could trust, somebody I knew who knew the game and had my best interest, I was never gonna sign with 'em. Right. But that the management side of things, I was going to let them, let them rock with that. But we didn't never really dive into it deeply. It was just really like a, a thing in the air. Really. You got a new song, if I'm not mistaken, what Chris Brown called Use Me. How did you and Chris Brown, how did that, how did that, how did that collab come about Brown? Like You playing, Like You out here selling out arenas and you ain't got the new, like, what you doing? You gotta compete man, you competing. Right? I'm like, nah, I'm just, I'm on my legacy right now. Like I'm on my legacy thing and You know, I'm doing what Kissing Madonna and do.


I ain't got drop nothing. I can just go. Right. He like, yeah, but you still, you, you still young bro. Right. We all still look good. Like, You gotta drop, man. I don't wanna hear none of that. You doubting yourself, you scared and you need a friend like that to tell you. You know what I mean? And I told him, I said, all right, I remember this conversation vividly. And, and You know, when you friends, you can, you can admit so to your friend, I said, I need you straight up in order for me to get my blessing. I feel like I ain't gonna get it. If I ain't being real with you, you my dog. You my dog, I need you. I'm coming to you as a friend saying I need you. What you need, bro. I need, I need your blessing on the record. My man said, you get the record. I got you hit make it, send me the song.


I did it. I said, this is a no brainer. He says, only one person you gotta put on it. You know who it is. And You know what you gonna have to go through. You have to go party, you have to go play basketball, you have to go sit on that house. You have to be around all you, all the graffiti. You gotta stay over his house and don't leave. Yeah. You know, your boy. I'm like, ah, man, that's exactly what happened. But he was a man of his word. We, he cut the record right there in the crib. We did it in the studio. The same room you guys was in. He cut the record right there and did it with no problem. And man, like, I, I, You know, and I feel like that's, that's what a, that's what a real homeboy supposed to be. When you need something, you supposed to lift me up gang. Like You, I'm cooking, but I'm trying to get spicy hot, bring me up.


And he did that. Is it the relationship, you were a teen star. He was a teen star. Both. You kind of know what it's like to be teen stars. You both lived in that world. Yep. Is that kind of how the relationship and why the relationship is what it is? Yeah. And because it's real. And Brown will tell you, You know, like he's, he's always saying it's so weird, but he's like, man, I learned this from Ba everything I seen me do, I got this from Bow and da, y'all don't understand. He was the first person to put it on on me. And he showed me all this dah dah da. And it's true, but I'm just, I'm humble. So I'll be like, I ain't got say it all the time. Like, You ain't gotta say in front of everybody every time. Right. Like, that's why I move like this. 'cause Bow was first Y'all thought I was, it was Bow.


Bow used to have 20 girls walking around go in. I, that's why I I, so it's like, it's not even a little brother. It is. I I, he, You know, that's just my dog. That's my brother. You know, I got his back. I know he got mine. And You know, it, it, it is a lot of similarities with us. Like, You know, and yeah. That's my man. That's my dog. How similar are Breezy and Usher? 'cause both are both can sing their ass off. Both are entertainers to the Upteenth. I mean, but I mean, I saw, I saw Usher at the MGM that show's fantastic. And I've seen Breezy As far as artists.


Yeah. The difference or You, you gimme different similarities. Similarities. Hard workers. Both dedicated. They don't cheat the job. They don't cheat the job at all. At all. Different Chris, more of a rapper. Usher walks that RB like he is RB, You know, he's, he's, he's smooth even been, it's not an act. You know what I'm saying? Brown, that's my dog. Brown edgy. He got he, he more of bro, more of a rapper. Right. You know what I'm saying? He, he lived like one. Right. If you could ask him, he'll tell you, I wanna rap before I can sing.


Right. Like that. That's the difference between them. But all in all, just two talented guys, two goats and You know, I would, I would say, You know, it's like the, the one A one A right of RB, it's them two at the top. I don't think it's nobody else. And you could pick whatever your, your flavor is. If it's Usher, if it's brown, You know what I mean? But for me, I just feel like, You know, You know, I'm rolling with the whole team. Gi give me, gimme your top five. Gimme your top five RB singers of all time. Of All time. All time. They gotta be in order. Nope. Kale's going up there. R Kelly the show. Okay, hands down, Hands down. Kas R Kelly, number two again. Damn.


Three, four, and five straight up. Damn, you got Kas. 1, 2, 3, 4. If Jermaine was sitting in, in his couch, he would tell you he did a list. And Bow said the same thing to me. I said, bro, if you don't put Robert, then Kelly, then kale's, then every nickname one through five, man. That, that's it. Wow. That's it. I never heard nobody. Nah. Like I, I know I listen, there's a lot of greats, Luther, Marvin, I mean, so many Marvin, I mean, there's so many. But I feel like dude was, he's just such a, a r and b genius. He learned and took from every last one of the greats and just molded it all in one.


Like even the the oh oh oh oh oh oh, I've realized where he got that from. Right? I'm like, I thought he invented that. Oh, he got this from Bobby wom. That's Bobby Womack thing. I'm like, okay, okay. He okay. It's just, it's effortless. Like I, and I've seen it in person when we worked on, I'm a flirt. I mean, this man really called me and said, bow, right now I'm, I'm listening to this record and I'm trying to figure out exactly what I'm going to do with it. What you hearing. Matter of fact, you ain't even gotta tell me what you you hearing and I think I got it. I'm gonna call you back in five minutes. Gimme about 10 Hung up Calls back, I'm here and he's here.


I'm like, whatcha talking about? It's a boy. I'm like, what? It's A hit play that I'm a flirt. Soon as I Isaiah I'm like this. Now Ronnie, I was sitting at the board trying to come up with a hug. He said, I no, for about four hours. Yeah. And he just comes back with a, I'm a flirt. So simple, so easy. Doesn't overwrite doesn't over sing. If you listen to any of his record, they're very simple and they just, it's just different man. But here, the goat, I got him. Yeah. I don't get it. All the personal whatever. That's, that we talking artistry. Right. Studio that mic them vocals that pen.


Ain't nobody touching kills. Wow. Nobody, nobody. I stand on that. He it to me. Ooh. He the, he the MJ of RB. So You put, you put him, you say the pen, you put him up there with Quincy, with Stevie. His pen is crazy. Quincy and Stevie Bow, You know, You know r Kelly wrote for, You know the records he wrote. Do You know who? Quincy, of course. Q of course Frank, of course. Mike. Yes. Jay-Z By the way, he wrote for Mike too. Ooh. Kas wrote for Mike. You are not alone. Yes. Kels wrote that. Like, this is not like it is, there is, it's no limit to the pen. Like when you, when there's no limit to your pen, bro.


Like Yeah, it may I get mad jealous sometimes because I'm just like, I wish it came that easy. Ideas just, just bam. Like just came that fast and the hook just comes that fast. Yeah. He the greatest. How did you feel when Dre gave you the flyer? Said if it wasn't for you, there would be no him. Weird. You know, because I'm, I'm, I'm a humble dude. Like I'm, it is, it's weird. Like I, I guess because I'm, me and I did the work and I'm not sure if you feel the same way, but when you're you and you're doing the work, you don't really have the time to sit and look at what everybody else sees You on the journey.


You on the journey. Yeah. I don't, I don't wanna say it until I'm feet up and I can watch the whole movie over again. Right, right. And yeah, it was, it was, it was dope though. It it, it definitely was dope. And even when he, You know, even when he called me, You know, there was so many people that Drake could have called for Atlanta to have him walk out. But he, he actually dmd me and was like, bro, I need that bow. I walk out and make sure you bring them durags, what you do. And I was like, alright, I got you. And I remember telling my boys, You know, I forgot what we was doing, but we were in the house just asleep. And I was like, man, Drizzy just hit me man. Talking Like, You want me to walk him out? And the boys jump up like, what you gotta go get that moment man. He could have called TI two chain could have called.


He hit you. Now we out now homies putting on clothes. They, the sis is laying out outfit fo get your ass in the shower. We gotta make it down the state farm. And, and it, it, it, it was, it was, it was special man. It was dope. It was dope to have somebody who people consider the number one guy in the game and somebody who I consider a homeboy of mine and You know, for him to think of me to get my roses. Yeah. That, that meant, that meant a lot to me. A lot to me. Right. And that's not his first time doing something like that. Neither. I mean, the man that stole me birthday parties and I didn't ask for 'em. I had a birthday takeover in Houston and this man just said switch. He, he, he switched the plans. He's like, oh yeah. Oh yeah, it is your birthday. I'm, I'm celebrating my one, two, three Songz.


1, 2, 3. I got some. You, you ain't going when you Think you going, I'm about to. I get there and I'm like, how do you even get time? It's do my logo the owl up. I'm like, why did he do this? Like, but he did that for me and I, I appreciate him for that. Right. Bow, you've been in a lot of public relationships. Yep. What have you learned about dating publicly? Keep it off the internet. Don't do it. So, so no more public relationship for you? I try, I try my best to keep it private. I try my best. It, it's better that way. I just seen a po a post on Instagram that said like it was a percent or a high percentage relationships that make, it's because they, they keep their business off private line. Yeah. And, and I, and I could attest to that. I I, I definitely agree because when you out in the public eye, it's, it's just open.


You know, it's just open. Everybody, a girl could DM your girl. You know, it could be a girl that tried to talk to you and you said nah. And she mad 'cause you, this is now she wanna just direct message your girl and make up a story and just play ahead on your whole situation. I like when you don't know who my girl is, you can't call my girl, you can't contact my lady. That's how I want it to be. Right. Only I can contact my lady and I just feel like I'm not looking for validation from nobody. And I feel like people that feel like, look, I get it. Women wanna be shown off but we're talking about the strangers. Like we don't even, we don't even know. Right. Like, so The people that know know the ones that don't don't need to. Don't Need to know. And if they say it's the public, they say it's the public. I'm not hiding you. I just learned my lesson from when I have been open.


Don't nothing good come from that. Everybody in your mix, everybody in your business, it's just too much. I can't even lean in and ask the bartender for a napkin. They gonna think I'm whispering. What's your number? Like I don't, I don't need none of that. I'm cool. I like it how it is. So One of your biggest Songz with your ex, how did, how do you feel performing that song today? Oh no. Kind of way. You Don't? That's our number one smash. I love performing. Like You love it. I love it. It's, that's my go-to. Like if I wanna set it off right, I'm going to Like You for sure. Right. Love it. Love that record. The fans singing it word for word every time. That's my joint. What about like wilding out? Would they be making jokes about you dating somebody and then somebody as famous as you dating that same person?


Yeah. Do you feel some type of way when famous people date your exes? No, I'm a player. I'm grown. I don't got time for that. Like once she's no longer mine. She's not mine. She Do all do what you do. Be happy. 'cause I'm gonna be happy. Yeah. And I'm gonna be just fine. Are you cool? Are you cool with all your exes or any of your exes? Are you cool? Yeah, yeah. I'm cool. Most definitely cool with my, my my daughter's mom for sure though. That's my dog Joy. Yeah. Sean's mom. That's my dog. Yeah. I, I'll do anything for her that's like Right. Great mother, great friend ride or die Utmost respect. Yeah. Utmost respect.


But yeah, I know I have no problem with none of my exes. It's all good. It's all love. I'm happy for all of them. Right. So I moved on, had kids married, I'm happy for 'em. Like genuinely, genuinely happy for Them. Wow. You out there for a minute though. You was out there If I had two too, I was You bad. Really? Yeah, I was. Yeah. Good times. Good times. They go owe you nothing. I mean, I mean see Joe, you had you dated Kim for a hot sec. Angela Simmons for a sec. So we all made mistakes, right? But on it up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing.


It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one mix anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself. Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com.


And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. buy@toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places. What's good fam? The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back and taking over Pullman Yards in Atlanta on Saturday April 26th. And it's gonna be a whole vibe. Doors open at 11:00 AM So you already know it's an all day celebration of black excellence and we're partnering with Nissan to bring you an event you won't want to miss 'cause it's all going down in the Nissan Lounge.


If you haven't seen the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks or the Nissan Rogue yet, this is your moment from available intelligent around view monitor to available bulls personal plus sound system. The all new Nissan Kicks is ready. Whether you're cruising through the city or hitting the highway, the Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CRV and RAV4 with available HD enhanced, intelligent around view monitor with moving object detection and a standard VC turbo engine. So pull up to the Nissan Lounge to explore their cutting edge features. Snap some epic picks and see which ride matches your energy. Music, love, culture and community all in one place. So come through, show out and make some memories. Tickets are on sale now at black effect.com/podcast festival.


Boy you like to bang them The one them, them the famous ones we know about. You learned from your mistake. You keep that on the hush. Now I'm about to pour some more this shit. Nah, I I I've had a, I've had a blessed life man. I I've calmed down though since, You know, I, I would want to think that I have. But yeah man, I mean, like I said, I God put some beautiful people in my life and I've had a chance to come across some beautiful women. Right. Those times were times. And like I said, I, I'm, I'm, I'm still a supporter for, for all my exes. Like I'm really, truly happy for 'em, for them to move on and watch them live out their dreams Right. And things that they always wanted to, to do.


And, and it, it could have been the things that I didn't, I couldn't offer at that time. Right. You know what I mean? And I'm, I'm genuinely happy for everybody 'cause it seems like everybody's happy. Right? Everybody wanted at the end of the day. But You went public. Aren't you dating Jada Pickett's Niece? Damn. I just knew you didn't know about this. I was, You went public and you posted it. You good. You it. I would've known had you not posted it. That's why I was just saying, wait, I'm trying to keep it low key. I'm trying to, Nah, you can't, you, you can't post up and talking about you keep your low key. But I, I thought it was low key. Like I didn't Tag a a What made you feel comfortable in order to do that? What made me feel comfortable?


I wanna say before, I don't wanna get cursed out when you watched it, but what made me, what made me feel comfortable was I'm grown. It's like, look, it was New Year's. I think that's the picture. New Year's. Yeah. It was. You been drinking too though. I Wasn't, I wasn't Not yet. You weren't drinking? Not yet. Nope. I had, I was on my way to my performance. Okay. So we didn't even crack a bottle yet. But it was, it was New Year's. Yeah. And I had to put myself in her shoes. Right. Like here's the woman, it's New Year's, she ah, this post and stuff. I don't wanna make it an issue. She looked beautiful. I look good. It's a moment she feel that. Right. So she said I look good. Right. And it was a moment and it was just like bow and for me it was the whole essence of New Year's.


And I'm Like, You know what, I'm stepping out. Like You Got caught up. Huh? I got Caught up. She put me on that, that selfie. The next thing You know I said I ain't gonna pose it 'cause you got a lot of followers. Right. You know my page, I always tell people my page is for my fans and it's for work. Right. You know what I mean? If you wanna see my girl go to her page Right. Birthdays, you might see her holidays, new year, certain thing. You might see her five times, six times. Got the year on my page. Right. Right. But it was just one of the moments where I was like, man, You know what I understand. Let put myself in a woman's shoes. She wanna show off, show me off. She wanna show it off. I'm gonna let her get this off. Right. I ain't tripping. It's all good. You once said that you're not gonna get married. Are you rethinking that now?


It's getting hot in here. I I'm going to, yeah. I'm figure this off. I'm trying to take, It's still, I don't, I don't, I don't know like, You know what I'm doing. Okay, I'll put it this way. 'cause me and her, we've had these talks and You know, she found an interview and saw me say it. Mm. And You know, I, I told her like this, I'm not against anything but when I get to that point or if I ever do get to that point, I wanna make sure I'm right. Right. And You know, that's not only commitment to you but a commitment to God.


Right. And I don't play with stuff like that. So I don't wanna talk about it. I don't wanna plan it. Let's just roll baby. Let's just have Fun. We having a good time now. Yeah. And if it get There, let's not ruin, let's not ruin and talk about that. If we get to that point, If if it get there, it gets there. We'll know. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. But let's have fun. We on tour about to go to London taking, You know what I mean? Let's just live young. Remember I talking about that youthful Vitamin? Yeah. Yeah. Let's stay right there. You keep talking about that. You aging me Like You aging vitamin. Nah, you, you, you. Yeah. Yeah. It's like I don't want to, I don't want to think Too far to today. Yeah Baby. Did you see the new drapes that came? I don't, I'm not ready for that yet. Right. I, let's, let's, let's hop on the jet and go to TURPs and let's have some fun.


Let's just keep living and when we get there, we get there. But You know I'm reading that you urged Nelly to man Ashanti. Damn. I Did. I don't know how you gonna tell somebody if you something you ain't wanna do. Alright, well Mo 50 plus like, it's like bro, I'm like 38. I mean I'm not saying I'm a spring chicken 38. I'm 12 off four. Oh. But still it ain't 40. But I'm like mo, like you're 50 plus bro. It's like Yeah what that said about me. Nah, you good o listen, OG you, you in the game, you straight, You good. But I'm just like, You know, I saw him during the verses. He ran across the stage to get her. I know how much she means to him. Yeah.


Nelly's another person who is family that's Jermaine's best friend. Yeah. That is considered my big brother. He the only person that could pull up on me and he'll wanna fight me. He the only one that's my guy. And I just know how much that woman means to him. And You know, I've had chances to see Mo behind the scenes and I say Mo that's Nelly in ways that people haven't seen him. And I just know how much that woman means to him. And I mean, I saw my man with the band on so I, he, he, he rocking, he locked in. He locked in. So I'm just so proud for him. Her too. You know, Ashanti is a Millennium Tour vet. She was a part of, of the brand as well. And You know, I'm, I'm happy to see it.


They have that, that's the greatest. Probably one of the greatest spin spin the block. That's what they call it. Yeah. Spin the block in history. In history. Yeah. Well You trying to do it again? 'cause you were urging JD to get back with Janet. I do want that to happen. I do want that to happen. If he's, he's gonna watch this program like just a damn pal. I do want that to happen. You've been around so what, what is, You know, you don't have to get too, but what, what is, I mean you've been around her when You know obviously she's Janet Jackie, she's an icon member of the famous Jackson family. Right. But what are some things, I mean, what is she like behind the scenes? The sweetest, coolest person ever. It's like the best stepmom you could have. Real wow. What? Right. The best stepmom you have.


So sweet. So I mean, and could be in the midst of the guys. Right. And, and it's whatever. Like, I remember watching Miss Jan wash dishes. Like I was like, I didn't even know the Four Seasons had a condu at the top. Oh no they don't. This, this, this jds and this. I'm like, I didn't even know this. I You got the presidential. Yeah. It's something else above It. Above that. Damn I'm trying to tell you like, I'm watching Miss Jan like wash dishes. I'm like, this is crazy. But she's so down to earth, so sweet. Drowns herself gonna pull up. If it's the taco spot, she's gonna pull up, hop out, damn.


Walk in, grab the ta, we gonna hop back in the car and drive right back to man. Miss Jan man was everything to the, You know, a woman, You know, You know somebody special when y'all, when you, when the person and the other person break up and you mad at your, at the, at your homie. Right. That's how we all was with jd. We Like, You ever be like, damn. Not even that. It's like damn what? Get it back together please. It was just so beautiful bro. And Jermaine was just such at peace and I mean I'm, I'm not even gonna lie, the jet stay ready. We was on the PJ for the G 4G five every day. Wow. To stay ready man.


Yeah man. But beautiful person. I I really do hope. I know Jermaine gonna kill me. Like wow, you gotta keep pre that shit. Yeah. I got, Hey, I got something for you. You, you, we've used the term spend the block a lot. Yeah. You wasn't in a relationship. Who would you spend the block with To go back? Yeah. If I Was to go back. Yeah, you gotta spend the block. You don't spend the block. Me Nobody. You wouldn't spend the block Uhuh? Nope. Not on one person. Honest to God. Because I feel like them chapters is closed. Like we, we did that. Right. That was those, There's a reason why you, you they left. You left. And we are not well we cool, we cool for sure. But we going stay, We going to keep it this way. Cool. Over here. You cool over there? Yep. I never been the type to to to spin back. Keep it forward, keep moving.


Do you ever get, do you ever get concerned or have you ever been concerned that this person is dating me for who I am and for not the person that I am? Nope. I've never once felt that. Really. Wow. Not, not never my life have I felt that because the ones that I chose to be my lady. Right. I knew they wanted to be there. They loved me and I could tell, I could tell by their actions. That's how, You know, I could tell like even my girl now, You know what I mean? I, I know fuck loves me 'cause I'm difficult. Yeah. Like I'm not gonna sit here and preach and act like I'm just this saint Yeah. That I'm still working on myself. Yeah. I'm still working. I'm a yeah, I'm a work in progress. Yeah, for sure. Especially growing up in this business and seeing what I've seen and living a lifestyle that I live is tough.


Especially dating what you would call a heartthrob. You know what I mean? It's only so many guys in the game that have that thing to where no matter where you at, the baddies is just there like it's time. Like even on tour, like I'd be like, I don't even need no passes. I ain't got nobody no passes. I look, they just, there I go in the hallway, they're just there. It's like, it's just around and you can't escape it. It's just temptation, temptation, temptation, temptation. And it's just so She traveled. So your girl now is on the road with you when you travel? She has. She has. But she's not all the time. Not all the time. Oh. But when we got to Houston we had to have a talk. I brought that up because I know how you feel about that asap. When we gotta Houston. Oh og. I had to, I had to keep it real with her.


I had to tell her. I'm like baby listen, I got two parties. Well y'all do. I have two parties and I need you to meet me halfway. I'm going, I'm gonna bring you to the first one. Have some dreams, have a good time. Show you off. But the SUV gonna take you back to the Four Seasons. Right. You and my auntie. Right. And I know it. I can sit on her face. It's like I'm still outside. I wanna turn to with y'all wanna, I'm like I know but this place, there's a time and a place I don't want to take you to Area 29. We gotta go and me and Trey. Yeah. So we gotta go together. Yeah. I don't want my lady in the spot Like You. It, it's going, it is a lose lose anyway. I'm having too much fun in front of you.


That's me being disrespectful. Disrespectful. And you pretend like I ain't here. Yeah. And then if I'm just here being a good boy and now everybody around me like Bow ain't being himself, he ain't being bad. You should have left wife at your home. So it's really a lose lose. But I had to tell her I'm baby I'll, I'll meet you halfway. We'll leave at eight in the morning. But I need you. What'd she say? What she say? Okay. Reluctantly. She said okay. She Listen, she didn't say no word but that body language we talking about body language. Yeah. I could tell she ain't wanna leave. She didn't, she wanted to wa that Houston. Woo that Mercy. I be telling people it ain't Miami. Atlanta's Atlanta, But Houston don't know the level. My lord, I I thought I was gonna move there. I I was looking for crib.


I swear To God you heard my social media guy black and Gary Laughing. You was looking too. Yes. Oh No. Yes. Don't do it. I know sir. Don't you do it. No sir. Don't do it. My manager Was like this after we, after after the show we out. I said what Time? Well you get out about three What? 3:00 AM after the after party. I'll meet you halfway. Andy. Can we leave at eight in the morning? Yeah. The buck tour bus gotta leave at eight in the morning. Yeah. And we off the next day. Please. Yeah. Houston, He gave me eight. That's all I needed. Yeah. I love Houston. Shout out to the H man. I love Houston. Oh my god. I love Houston too. Geez. Little Louis Lord man We got a whole segment talking about Houston. Yeah. We could, I know What made you Travis Hunter's situation.


Yeah. You left. So thinking for him on what made you decide to like, man Trav come over bro. I just didn't like seeing a young brother get played or I just, You know what I'm saying? I just felt like, You know, I know OG around him, prime around Prime got the game. He know. But I just felt like nobody around and young Ka was really giving it to him. Like, I mean look, think about this. I You know, on the football team, I know they was giving him stuff in the locker room. That's what they gonna do. Right. You know what I'm saying? But I just felt like, look man, check this out the way Snoop would give me game. I just feel like my brother, it was my calling just to reach out to you and just give you some game. You know what I'm saying? Just focus on the goal. Even to this day, like my girl know, I'll tell her like, look, I know this might hurt you, but I got to do what I got to do.


It's a goal. I gotta reach that goal. It ain't gonna be pretty, but it's gonna be times where I might hurt you along the way. Whether that be you can't come here or there's a reason for this or I gotta do this or this, that it, it, it's just like that. And I just felt like I wanted bro to focus on the goal. You about to make the biggest bag of your life. You been working on this, You know what I'm saying? You went to Jackson State. Look how you came and you, you, you, you did it in a different way. And now you finally here Heisman Trophy. Man, check this out gang. When you go pro and you get in the locker room and you see how them pros live, all that gonna change. I've been there. I was once the young cat, young millions of dollars. I know how it is.


I came in the game the same way I got my girlfriend. Okay I'm gonna be with her for the rest of my life. Did not know that it would be a hundred million girls liking me. It's a difference when you get that power that you start learning from your, your teammates. You rolling with them. It's similar like the me and Jermaine's story. They just laying it out for you. Laying it out for you. You go to the club, nah, kick back. Real. You ain't gotta pay. We we got, we show you how we do this and you start adapting to that. So I'm like young brother, it's gonna be time for all that. But get busy on that field. Go get your bag, secure your bag. Make sure the FAMs straight, the women gonna be there. And You know, I just didn't really like how homegirl just the little things that I was seeing. Yeah. I just couldn't really rock with it all. Like how she would talk. Did you feel you should have, you could've reached out to him in, in the DM or you could've had somebody that was I Could've, I could've, it was ways I could've, but I want him to hear me.


Like I just felt like he would, he just remind me of one of my little homies. Like I got so many little bros that look up to me and they come to me for game about this, that and the third. And I just looked at tra like, brother, I'm not dissing you, I'm not coming at you. I just wanna wake you up. 'cause I had to be woke up a couple times. Right. Especially these women. These women can blind you out here. You'll be so blind just in love and Right. Just milking your ass and milking you, milking you. And then after when the milk dry up and it's powder, they gone. So I just want him to be aware that I ain't know if nobody was really teaching him or telling him that. So it was coming from a good place. It wasn't coming from nowhere. Trying to be and You know, in all respect to his lady, You know what I mean? If that's his situation, that's his situation. But I like how he doing it now. He fell back.


Yeah. He see how it was. All that Stuff don't feel Starting overshadow your game. Yeah. You cold man. You the coldest dude. You cold. Right. We all room for you. I'm a fan. Right. But I know how these women sometimes 'cause sidetrack the gold. Nah, keep that off the internet. 'cause that's starting to overshadow the skill. Right. You doing the combine. They shouldn't be talking about what's going on at home. Right. Neil's situation, embarrassing new neo r and b and he has three or four of them now. Is that a situation? I mean, could, could Bob find himself? Because I, he is like, well from Ocho, my partner on Nightcap, he says Unc, if you just be up front with him more times than not, they'll be willing to. I said, well, I ain't never met none of them.


I said, I just need to know where y'all, where you going to meeting them That you could tell 'em. Say, You know what, I might see Jane, I might see Sally, I might see Sue, but I, I say, I don't know. I ain't met none of them. And it definitely ain't gonna be no four. Hey, They out, they out there though. They Out there like that. There's some women that's out there that You know, if you be real with 'em and let them know like, yo look baby, I, You know, this is how I'm living my life. This is how I'm thugging. This is, You know what I mean? One, one ain't enough. I'm gonna just be open with you. If if you with it, you with it. If not, not I totally respect it. I'm not saying you gotta get down to get down, but I'm just letting You know. I got two other girls, I got three girlfriends. You know what I'm saying? Damn. You can live. You like that bow? Hell no. I can't do it. Listen, my, I can't do it.


I love women. Don't get it twisted. I love having my vibes. You come to my show, my guest rooms is beautiful. Women. Is it Aviance? It's music, it's drinks. That's as far as I can go. Having three women or four girlfriends and they stand with me. I would lose my mind. I'm too, I like, I I like my space. Yeah. I listen. One woman in the house is enough hair be all over the place, ain't it? Shit be, I can't deal with four heads. That's crazy. Different attitudes. Different mood swings. Yeah. This one feel like, oh, you doing too much for this one? You gave her this, you bought her a Birkin, you took her to Uhuh. I can't do it. I can't, I can't maintain four girls at the same time. Like with Neo all salute to Neo Neo's different.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. He got patience. I ain't, I ain't with that. Yeah. I can't do it. Kudos Neo. Yeah, Absolutely. For sure. Kids. What's it like being a what, what what is, what is Bow? The father, like, Fun big kid. More of a kid than the kids. Shy gets so mad at me. You doing it again? You're playing around. She was just at the Dallas show. She moved to Dallas, my daughter did. And she comes to the Dallas show with her, her friends from school, her new friends. And You know, I said I'm, You know, You know you got a cool dad. Yeah. You know what I mean? Your friends, they gonna love you. You gonna go back to school? I'm gonna turn y'all up. Y'all going to get the pictures right. Tre Songz, y'all gonna go back lit. And so they was doing some type of TikTok thing. Right. And she wanted Jade to do it with her.


So You know, me, I I come in there wanting to mess around and it's no dad, no, you're embarrassing me. Stop. I'm like, all right, cool. Then I, I realize that a father with a teenage daughter, we are the ATM machine. Right. And that's it. That's it. It's the Hi dad. I love you so much. I love you too. How about you? Yep. And here it comes, dad. Damn. I thought I was gonna get I love you. Miss you Tex. I knew it was coming. Nope. Dad, can you send me a thousand A th what what teenage doing with a th now It's a different time. Either that or I'm, I'm not good with giving money to the kids, so, but it it, it is crazy.


I'm, and I'm like shy. When I was 14, I wasn't getting a thousand. Tema wasn't, yo, my mama wasn't gimme no thousand dollars. A hundred was a thousand to me. Yeah. And I got a seen a hundred dollar bill. That was everything. She's like, no, but dad, you don't understand. Okay, first of all, I live in LA so You know, everything here is expensive. Dad, it cost me two 80 for my nails. I'm like, wait, what are you doing? Yes. So You know what Dad does be a dad baby girl. You need to go to CVS and you need to do that yourself. You need to, you got all the time. You should try to do 'em yourself and get creative and do that. And you'll save two 80, that's two 80. So that's two 80 off that then, You know, they want to go eat. It's not just her, it's four of them.


It's five of them. They all pitching in or sometimes I'm like, are you, they know who you is. Are you fronting the hold? Are You? Yeah. Because this is ridiculous. Excuse me, this is ridiculous. But it made sense for me to do that. And I'm teaching her money management. She does so good. And like she'll call like two months and be like, dad, I still have like 3 75 left from that thousand you gave me like a month and a half ago or two months ago. I'm like, oh, that's good. Right. So I don't mind giving it to her. And then plus I'm not on child support. Right. So that's like my own, my own child support for her. It's like, man, here go a thousand dollars a month for you just right. Yeah. And if your mama needs something, she can go to you and borrow it. Whatever the case is. Your momma get your mama get her own money. But, and mama do it too. She'd be like, yo, daddy sent you something Apple pay Apple pay me 300 real quick.


I'll pay back shy. Right. So it's all good. At one point in time you tweeted or tweeted about saying you don't wanna be here anymore. And the fan was up. What, what were you going through? What was that dark period of time in Bow's life that he felt that, You know, this was something that he wanted to project Man, just going through the growing pains, You know, being in that dark, especially being in this business, this business can get very, very dark. And You know, you in front of the public eye and you deal with so much scrutiny, but not only that, you're dealing with self-doubt. It's really more of a self thing. Can I do it again? Do the people love me? Am I losing my fans? Did this person come and put me outta business?


Like it's just, it, it's so many things that was just floating in my head and it was to the point to where I felt like I accomplished and did everything so fast. Right? And You know, I'm sitting it like, man, I done lapped the world nine times. Got my first tattoo at 15. I ain't gotta look forward to that. Got into the strip club at 5 21. Can't look forward to that. I'm burnt out. I done did everything. I'm like every, I just feel like I couldn't get no peace. And then the most selfish thing that you can do is think about something like that. Damn, I don't wanna be here no more. And the reason at that, at that time, why I said that was because the only thing I was searching for was peace. I wanted a room and I wanna hear nothing. I just wanted peace. And I feel like the only time, You know, I can get peace is if I'm no longer here.


That's how I was thinking during that time. Nothing made me happy. The music business wasn't making me happy. Relationships failed and I was just completely over everything. And then I had to snap. I had to snap out of it. How did you snap out of, did you seek therapy? Did you talk to someone or with a family friend? Loved one. How did you snap out of it? God, God. My mama, my boys, my boys help me out a lot. Really? Yeah. I always call on them. If I need 'em, I'll tell 'em I need y'all. He say, Come on man, let's take this trip up to Houston. Oh, we do.


That's what we do. I'm like, that's what therapy. My, my guys, the guys. Yeah. You know, my girl get mad now. Like You spend some my time with them guys. The guy, what's better than me being with the girl? You know what I'm saying? Yeah, for sure. But my guys, my boys mean everything to me. Like, I remember telling a girl this a a, a high profile and I ain't gonna say her name. She said, you love me? I said, of course I do. I love you. But them guys, my guys, I love them just as much because if this goes to shits, them guys still be here, gonna pick me up and they gonna be here. They gonna get me back to where I gotta be.


My bros is, that's, that's, that's why I the talk to God and my dogs and my mama. Right. You know what I mean? And my manager too, he play a big part in it too. I feel like I can, I can speak to him, right. I'm an open book. So, but I know my boys and being in my group chat, my group chat is my therapy. So we all made mistakes, right? But on the up to them, it's the right thing to do. But we all know the Greek cool rush deodorant, well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does. 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bring it back. The OG cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it.


Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself. Toyota is the best reset value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles.


Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places. Click fast and save big. Shop our blinds.com Spring Cyber Monday sale, happening right now. And elevate your space with brand new custom window treatments today. blinds.com is the number one online retailer for custom window treatments, offering you professional support and styles that fit any budget from classic shutters and bamboo shades, even motorized shades for your outdoor space. blinds.com has something for everyone with honest upfront pricing and no hidden fees, DIY or let us handle everything from measure to install.


blinds.com makes it easy With free virtual consultations, our design experts will help guide you from start to finish with free samples sent directly to you so you can try before you buy. Plus every order includes our 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com Spring Cyber Monday sale going on right now. Save up to 45% with minimum purchase. Plus get a free professional measure up to 45% off@blinds.com Rules and restrictions may apply. That's my therapy, the group chat. Bye. You'll, it will be amazed at how the littlest things can help people. Just the littlest things, even if that's writing this down in the morning or starting a group chat with friends and You know, like we got a group chat, You know, and it's a famous person in there who is what I say, what's the word I'm looking for is talk about a lot in the media.


Yeah. Right? Yeah. And when we put him in the group chat with us, he was like, y'all don't understand. This is the greatest thing that happened to me. I like, I get to come in here and just say what I want. Vent. Vent, get it off. I said it feel Like You tweeting, don't it. Except it ain't public. But you getting it off. Right. He said it's amazing. So something as simple as that can change somebody's life. You know what I mean? And You know, that's, that's my, my therapy is my group chat, my friends God and the close people around me. I don't need to talk to no stranger or right. Confess to him. I don't, nobody know me better than me. Right. My boys know me, people around me know me. And I'm not saying there's anything wrong with talking to a professional, but I tell you what, it's different when it comes to people that's been on you for, for years.


Right. Than somebody who getting paid to talk to you. Right. I'm gonna tell you anything. Right. You do realize that, You know, you said you couldn't find peace and you felt that that was the only way for you to find peace, although you would've found peace. Do you realize the people that would've left behind would've had no peace? Oh My gosh. Absolutely. While the pain that the person, the individual might be feeling, it says, I just wanna read this myself of this pain, but think about how much pain selfish you would've caused. Selfish. And Left selfish. That's why I said that when I was explaining selfish. It was very selfish. Very selfish. And yeah, I'm glad that that chapter's closed. That was a, a very, very dark point in my life. What's been the hardest part about growing up in the public side for the last 30 years?


I think that the hardest part is not being able to live freely. Everybody judging you knowing that they're doing the same thing. They doing the same thing. It just ain't televised. That's the one thing I can't stand. Like what have I done that y'all like that y'all ain't done? And a lot of things I'm doing y'all can't do 'cause y'all at me. But if you could, you would. I like that. You see what I'm saying? I like that. I like that. But yeah, that, that's, that's it, man. It's just, You know, it's tough man. Like, I, like, I can't do nothing. Like I, I just can't do nothing. Especially with the cell phones being out, man.


It's just, it's just hard to live free man. I, I can't stand it, man. I can't, I come home and the boy, like my girl showed me a video. I'm like, who did that? I don't know somebody. I'm like, why they filming me like drinking orange juice? That's so weird. Like, why y'all doing that? Like They do too much. Huh? Doing too much. So that's, that's really the whole doing way too much. Do you under, do you understand social media now? Because anytime you post something, if you post anything, somebody, they got detectives on the, on social media. Oh gosh. They're trying to, like when you post about the private jet, they say he ain't know no private. I was About to just get into that. I was about to freaking up. I swear to God. I swear to God I was, that was probably, I got caught.


Yeah. As simple as that. I was fake flexing. I got caught. Nor I was not a coach. I wasn't a Delta flight in first class. Can't explain it enough. Didn't think nothing of it. Like I did, like saw the picture and I said I'm about to post this 'cause I don't want people to know how I'm moving. Right. And I posted it just to try to derail people. Like I post stuff all the time and people Like You there. No, I ain't there. I'm, I'm in the house on the couch. Right. I just wanted to post it, get out my phone. What's it called? A dump? Yeah. Get out on this particular day. I posted it and I'm like, cool, I can go to sleep now. People don't know. They think I'm on this and I'm not on here.


I'm throwing everybody off. Somebody actually followed you. Somebody's on the plane. What we say about them phones got me posted it and I just had to own up to it like y'all got me. Okay. You know what I mean? Rappers lie. Right. Y'all caught me one time. Right. I will never do this again. Right. It is over. I I, I get it Because somebody posted you somebody, he ain't on no private play. He right here, there he right there. He Right, he right there. I said, asshole, why did you do that? That's Lil Romeo. That ain't me. That ain't me. That Romeo that ain't me. But I laughed at it, man. It it, You know, everybody had they one to into it. I just seen, what's the comedian name? Owens?


Gary Owens. Gary Owens. I was on my TikTok and his special came up and he was talking about it and, and his standup. But it's to show you, bro, I'm normal and I make mistakes and I can own up to it. Right. And You know, I mean, justit don't been on since then. Yeah. There we go. I had no reason to do it, but I did it and I got caught flexing. Right. The fake flex. Right. Orlando Brown, when he mentioned that you guys had a relationship. I mean, Bobby, he, he, it is like, bro, come on now. Yo, I ain't gonna lie. That dude's hilarious. He's hilarious. Like I, But You know, people believe that though. Wow.


If they believe that something wrong with them, they crazy as hell. They, they done drunk two shades. Straight, straight, straight. Man, I'm gonna be honest with you. I, that dude is smarty. No, he doing right. He ain't no fool. Okay. He ain't no fool. I seen an interview where he said, people pay me. You know what I'm saying? And when I get the bag, however much of money that determines what I'm say am I gonna be crazy because I can be Orlando and we have a casual conversation. We can talk. I always thought he was talented. Always thought he was talented. Yes. He's had troubles. I ain't even gonna get into all that.


That's his personal business. That's his life. Yeah. But outside of that, I've always thought he was talented as hell. And I always thought that since all of these people put him on they platforms for clickbait, somebody to put the boy on TV and give him a real job. Right. I always said that it, there is talent even though he does and says crazy stuff. And before he started whiling on me and saying, I'm really Tupac. And he'd be saying, if he was here right now, he'll say, no, you really, you really, somebody else is you on. You'd be like, what? He would call you that the whole interview. You'd just be like, what, what is he on? Like, but I always thought that, You know, people just use him. It's sad in some ways, but I feel like the boy is talented. He's funny as hell.


And if given the right opportunity Right. Somebody really gives him something, something where he can be himself. Orlando Brown, I, I think it'll pop. I'm not gonna sit here and down the brother a dis some more, You know, a lot of cats. Like You have to see that boy. Like You gonna have to. Right. Alright. He walk in here. He ain't about to say none of that shit. He ain't about to say none of that to me in my, he gonna walk it up B man, You know, I be just ebbing around. I know how these things go. Right. I don't really take nothing serious. As long as you ain't playing my money, playing my kids. I ain't tripping. We can, we can deal with everything. I ain't tripping, man. I'm laughing. It's clown. It, it's, it's, it's clowny. Right. We, we laugh at stuff like that. I ain't, I ain't tripping. Ireland, Orlando Brown like that. You, you mentioned that you lost your virginity at 15. How did that cha I mean, was it, were you, were you anxious?


How did that change your perception of sexuality? Women relationships? What did that do To you? My mama said, I'm gonna know when you get some, because you gonna walk around the house a little different. You know what I mean? That's what she told me. But Did she know? Nah, She ain't know. You know, she ain't know. I, I, my whole thing was, it, it was funny like how it happened. 'cause after I lost my Virginia, I'm thinking, I don't know if this is every young man when they live in Virginia, but I'm like, how can I get more? Oh yeah. That's exactly what it Means. Right. That's exactly what it is. How can I get more of this and like, do I, do I ask like I don't even know how I get it. Yeah. I don't even, and that's not happening to father. I don't know. I'm out here in the wild.


Yeah. Og I don't know. I'm Out here like that when they say, oh, his nose wide open and I don't even, I don't even know how to get to the panties again. I don't know. It might take months. I don't know. But once I cracked the cold Yeah. I was still chilling. I was cool. It wasn't until I got around 18, 19 the nightlife hit. Yeah. When the nightlife hit. And I was able to go out and enjoy Atlanta and enjoy these, these, these beautiful places and You know, these places that we enjoy Right. So much it, it changed. Mm. You know what I mean? It definitely changed big time.


Tattoos. You said you, you got your first tattoo at 15. Yep. Did your mom, did your mom approve of it or you got a tattoo without her knowing? Moms approved. It was right there when I did it here in Atlanta at the studio. Wow. It's like, and that's it too. Don't be trying to take, don't take the overboard. I'm like, that's all, all right. Well, and then I went crazy after that. Did You? Yeah. They say it's addictive. It is. You don't have any I don't have any, you haven't Thought about it? I did. No, I, I thought about it. My grandmother, I wanted to get my grandmother's name. Okay. My sister found a thing where she had wrote her name on it and then I thought about it. She hated that. Mm. She hated tattoos. She said, son, don't, don't ever mark up your body. So I'm gonna do it. So I ain't gonna do it. Do it. I wanted an ear ring. My mom told me once I graduated high school, I can have an ear ring.


And then once I graduated and I didn't want it, I want what I wanted, what I want, what I wanted it. But then I didn't get it. It's like Whatever. Yeah, yeah. Alright. I'm blaming you. So you, you sleeved. Yeah. Covered Hands. Nobody left the right elbow out. Yeah. I got got some joints on here where I'm from. My mama, my mama, my logo where I'm from Columbus, I got some prayers. I got a Malcolm X quote on me. So-so Dev boy, wonder, so You get your daughter's name? Yep. Got my daughter. I'm, I gotta get enough. I'm I I got more to go though. Right. I'm gonna do my legs. Right. Reported. You say you was gonna lean bad. How did that, how did that happen? How did that, that habit stopped.


That habit started just by being in hip hop, being influenced, having people around, having easy access to it. No different than any other young star. Probably one of the worst things that I could have ever really got into without knowing the, the repercussion and consequences when dealing with something like that. It, it, it, You know, lean the the double cup, the styrofoam cup to this day is still, is it pre monumental to Oh yeah. They still talking about it. Oh. And every song, every, every you see that double cup is You already know it. You already know what it is. But they don't tell you how daily it is though. See, I didn't know. I never dealt with withdrawals and kickbacks until I don't have like an addictive personality. So I just put the cup down like we ain't got. All right, cool.


But I didn't know that my body, I was drinking so much promethazine that my body almost needed it. Meek. Yeah. So I'm like, yo, what is going on? I called my arm one day. I said, Hey you, you, you need to check that ground Turkey. She's like, what? I said, them tacos you made was something wrong with the Turkey? Like, did you check the date? Because man, my stomach is doing something crazy and it ain't like I gotta go let it out. Either. There's some whole other something going on in here. Like this is like pain, like feel like a knife just cutting through my, like my stomach. And she was like, nah, why would I cook you some old ground Turkey? I'm like, something ain't right. And then it wasn't. But that was me going through, Going through the Drill and I had no idea, the worst feeling I've ever witnessed in my life.


Like if you, if you thinking about stopping and you wanna stop, stop. I'm telling you number one, it blows you up. It it because it's thick. It so it just sits in your gut. You know what I mean? You get constipated so the weight is just sitting on, you get bigger and bigger. I've seen so many people quit leaning and they look so healthy and they Yes. You know what I mean? And they talk. I know Paul Wall talks about all the time. Yeah. I just had him on stage with me at the Millennium Tour. He came out in Houston and Looks amazing. Yeah. Everybody who gets off of it looks amazing. And You know, I said I just gotta, I gotta, I gotta go through the process, but I'll tell you what, I'll never pick up a cup again. It's over over. I'm trying to stop this So don't stop there. We won't send your home with a bottle.


Make sure, okay. I'm Gonna take it too. No, I'm take it, I'm gonna take that. The the Millennium Tour. Yeah, let's talk about it. Let's talk about that. Alright. Does it feel good to get back on stage and be in what you would consider your natural habitat? Ooh, Yes. Yes. It's amazing. Third one, first woman out in 2019. We come back with the second one. I joined, we win the Billboard Music award. They added the dog. We win the chip. You know what I'm saying? Second following year we go out again. We run it up this time sold out every night. It's crazy. It's crazy to watch these grown women watch our fans who grew up with us to still be screaming and throwing bras and panties on the stage.


Right. Having these signs bowed while you was my first crush. I mean, it's just so beautiful to see because it, You know, I always say it's not supposed to happen because when you look at most child stars that started so young, they don't make it to this point. No. At some point we supposed to be doing the tell all when it all went down and when it all fell down, it was over. I, I can't believe I'm 38 and I, and I started professionally at five and I'm still going 13 is when the world knew me. Right. That's, You know, I'm, I'm, and I'm still here going competing new record out arena tour. I mean I'm doing everything that Bow Wow was supposed to be doing. Right. And it's only the beginning. Tre Songz on stage and somebody ran on stage.


Trey like, what's up with what's up With it? I'm gonna tell you about this. This is funny. No one knows this. I never, I didn't share this with nobody that was in Greensboro, North Carolina. We're in Greensboro and I'm in my dressing room. Yeah. Vibing. I just got off the stage. I'm vibing. I, and I'm watching the show on the Monitor backstage. And as I'm watching, I'm like, what is going on? I'm like, what, what the hell? And I'm watching what happens as soon as Trey comes off the stage, this is exactly what he says. He comes off the stage, he comes right into my dressing room. Did you see that? No. First he said, shower, come on, we got, we gotta talk, we gotta talk, we gotta talk. So we in the back, we talking, everybody comes back there and he like, bro, did you see that right up on the stage?


I said, yeah bro. I said, when I saw it, I ran in the hallway and was telling everybody, You know what Trey tells me What I thought it was you. I said, what he go, I said, Trey, I would never jump on your set. He was like this. I know, but who el I'm, who else has that much energy night in, night out? Who bounces, runs on stage left to right, jumping up on stuff every night and who will have access to the stage. He said, bar folk. Quick minute. That's why when he jumped on me, I'm like, oh, hey, hey, hey. Like a delayed reaction. Like hold up. He said, I thought it was you. I I die laughing. I said, man, I would never jump on say he said, just because of that I'm definitely gonna jump out on first.


I mean, one of these nights I swear to God watch. I said, come on with it bro. It is all good. But it was wild, man. This tour's been wild. And I think it's been so successful because I have a lot of good dance partners this time. Right. Not saying that the, the last couple tours, I didn't have good dance partners, but when you got people who wanna promote, wanna post the comradery is there. If Trey doesn't have a party and I have a hosting, he's coming to my party. If I don't have, if I don't got a bag to pick up tonight and I'm off, but Trey got a party, we swing the Trey party and go support him, but also have a good time. Right. You know what I mean? And I think that that's what tour's about the camaraderie. You gotta be together. You can't be no egos. And I think when you put up little booy, somebody who's viral on his own, flies viral on his own vow, viral on his own.


Trey Viral we're, we've all been going viral. Right. I don't know if you saw the, the thing with me with the, the the, the tequila in the club in Houston. I didn't see it. Oh, that's hilarious. That Surpris. You ain't asked me about that one. That was crazy. What'd you do? It was a girl's birthday at my after party and I had a bottle and I was like, okay honey, tell you need to take a shot. Get right. When it came back, I had about that much tequila up in it. She drank it. Oh. Tore it down. She tore it down and then gave it back to me. And my reaction is what sent the internet like crazy. 'cause I looked at it and I was like, damn. I said, damn, you gonna be my lip. I'm like damn. I was, I was like, I was like, this is crazy. Ooh. And she drunk, she to that down like from age two.


Oh, ooh. Yes sir. You and Soulja boy had a beef. And now you mentioned about on MSG that he came out, you end up falling on him and you guys are packed. That relationship, how were you able to get past that When you young? You do a lot of dumb stuff. We never had beef. Beef is serious. That's like street. Right. We were racing on whose Lambo is the fastest. Oh, I got a Mercy Lago. Mine is $300,000 more. You got the Glar Bull. You know what I'm saying? And we look at it now, we laugh, we get money together, we do shows together. Like we have a we have a show in the works together as we speak. Yeah. I like that.


That's my dog, man. I just feel like life is too short. I learned that from Snoop. I watched Snoop fix so many relationships with people that he had real issues with. You know what I mean? I'm like, if Snoop can overcome that, I can too. Right. Like I'm, I I love life. I love going outside. I love going into these cities where they say, be careful. I be like this. Tell that to that other I'm looking before they come in town. Yeah. I ain't gotta worry nothing about but nothing but screaming. Women chasing me. I'm cool. I love life. I don't wanna beef with nobody. Right. I don't wanna, and I ain't giving up that kind of vibe. I not giving up that vibe. I'm the vibe where everybody wanna be around. He the ladies man, he got the vibes. He he's safe. He he's fun. He's gonna curate the energy and that's who I wanna be.


I wanna be the ball of light that everybody can come to. Right. You know what I'm saying? For, for, I love watching people have fun. I love watching people smile. That's my thing. I love to do that. You know what I mean? Right. So yeah, Your catalog, would you ever sell your catalog If the money was right. If the money was right. Right. You get up off and make a number. How much We talking A hundred mil? They can have it tomorrow. They can have it today. Today. And I'm gonna make sure they, we set up a business in Nevada or Jersey because have taxes on that money. Oh yeah, for sure. I want all of it. I want every Florida too. I want we, I notice things You do too. Yeah. I, yeah, I, yeah.


Yeah. What are your thoughts on streaming? Because I, I've heard some people say, oh, I'm making, I make a bag during streaming. I heard some people say, man, I ain't getting but 30,000, blah blah. But yeah, I'm not making no money. What, what are your thoughts on streaming? Nah. If you can curate them streams and people are state like, nah, that's what I'm saying's money behind that. Really. Oh yeah. You talking about thinking about this even with just YouTube and different things. Just, just monetizing the things that cats are into. These are monthly checks that go out. Yeah. You know what I mean? So if a kid is on distro court and he's looking at his numbers, you can see how much money you making. Right. And it's gonna tell you the date, where it's going out, where it's going. Hit your account. So if you done done ran up, got a whole bunch of streams, TikTok blowing him, we got a hit. You imagine being six, 16, 17-year-old and it's say $788,000 about to come to your account tomorrow.


Mm. All because of a song, You know, did in your mama bed. Like in, in your bedroom, in your mama's. Right. You good. What? And to collect that dope every month or even if you stream live in the hits when people be dropping them. Right. That stuff be adding up. It can get, it can get crazy. There's some cow around that probably make a million dollars a month just off of streaming and doing what they do. No cap. Wow. Yeah. Anything you wanna promote Your tour? Merching merch, your, your just everything. Your restaurant. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Prime. I gotta get you now you, you a cigar guy. I'm not, but I come support you. But You like that brown? Yeah. We got, oh yeah, we, we we get that. Yeah. Gotta bring you to Prime. Okay. Cigar one time. It's very elegant, classy. Felt like Atlanta needed Yeah. A vibe like that.


Shout out to my boy jv just kind of put me on the team with him. Just, You know what I mean? Helping him out and just curating the vibes and, You know what I mean? That, that, that's, that's the spot right there. We got three in Atlanta. Prom, express Prom, cigar, of course Prom on Peachtree. That's the dinner spot. That's gonna be more of your live, so your steaks and, and things Like You can get fly and take you a little friend up to there. You know you gonna like that joint. Right. The lg Yeah. And then of course we got the, the, the hairline, the men's hairline. I'm killing 'em still. Number one with, with Red by Kiss with the durags and all the men's accessories, the brushes, the Twist King brush and, and just expect more movies. Brand new record with me Brown Heating up just getting started on that. The video is coming by the shoot that end of the month. So yeah. Man, business is booming man.


I, I'm, I'm, I'm excited. I'm, I'm really am excited for this year and, and next year too. I, I just don't know what's gonna happen, but I know God got me and the energy that I'm feeling from him is I just need you to be ready. I'm ready. This, this your year and the things that you can't see that you can kind of sense is coming. Right. Oh, it's coming. And when I drop am on you, I need you to be there to answer that call. So I'm ready. Be Bow. Wow My dog. Appreciate you bro. Time appreciate man All my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, baby Christ. Want Slice. Got the bro d the swat. All my life I been grinding all my life, all my life. Been grinding all my life.


Sacrifice, hustle, slice. All my life. All my life. Okay. Have you heard about this last year Degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen. And that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush s sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4.


So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og cool rush for yourself. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places. The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back. We're partnering with Nissan.


So pull up to their exclusive lounge to get a special look at the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks and Nissan Rogue. The Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 and features available 12.3 inch touchscreen display while the all new Nissan Kicks holds it down with a totally redesigned interior cabin with features like available wireless apple CarPlay and available panoramic moon roof. Relax and see how Nissan is leveling up the game. Come kick it April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Get ready for culture, community, and good conversation.