
Texting between two different kinds of phones makes photos blurry, lights messy and security risky. Not just that, it also makes sharing photos or even simply video calling editing messages or leaving a group nearly impossible. With WhatsApp, everyone can enjoy seamless messaging with the added protection of end-to-end encryption. Streamline your messages across all devices on WhatsApp message privately with everyone.


I'm Victoria Cash and I wanna invite you to a place called Lucky Land, where you can play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. So what are you waiting for? The best way to discover your luck is to spin. So go to lucky land slots.com. That's lucky land slots.com And get lucky. Today at Lucky Land, no purchase necessary. BGW Group Boyd. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


What's good, it's Choline Witt and Eating while Broke is back for season three. Brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton, DC Young Fly Phone Thugs and Harmony and many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen to eating while broke on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by State Farm like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


ODU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But du funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use DU because they save you money. Du makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com.


Good job. Thanks The Volume.


You wanna know what the best thing about being a sports fan is? There's only two days in the entire year if we don't have any games in any sport. So with all that action in sports world that just makes about every day game day at DraftKings Sportsbook, If you're new to DraftKings, listen up. You can bet $5 and get $150 in bonus bets instantly. All you gotta do is download the DraftKings sportsbook at now and use promo Code Club five 20. That's Code Club five 20 for new customers. All you gotta do is bet $5 for $150 in bonus bets Only on drafting Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and W at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs.


Alright, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Same gang with me to my left, my dog Bishop B he out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty. Cool And nasty. Let's get to it Baby. I know it's the weekend. My boy in his work uniform, you know what I'm saying? He took one off the throne. Yeah, I was gonna wear the, the gray fours today but I'm like I'm gonna come to work like I'm supposed to. It was good. Yeah. You still a little delinquent on that? Fine. Yeah it's all good to my right. My dog Young nacho young t how you were man I'm chilling bro. These was about the dough some seventeens. I think those are very disrespectful. Yeah, these about the dough though Bro. I told you we unpacking the crib so I came across these.


I ain't seen 'em in a minute so it was all good. Yeah, I've actually never seen those in person. Those are crazy. Oh so hey one of your favorites dropping real soon I think the end of this month. The the UNC low seventeens. Yes sir. White paper. Them are pressure. I need them. What's better? Those are the lightness. Nah those lightning. Ooh Nope. The Lightnings is crazy. You can, you can slick and get more fresh with the UNCs than those lightnings Shit. That white and baby blue is tough. That is tough. I seen something else coming out that I was really happy about. I know the Aqua A is coming back out, thank the Lord. But the shatter backboards are coming back out and shout out to my boy Ko.


Hey, it's funny because Nike is saying fuck y'all grills they leasing the vault. Yeah they talking about bringing the PlayStation forces back and boys is just like, no don't bring these back boys. These sneaker groups is dying. All these shoes y done held on for 10 years and didn't wear 'em. Bring em. They about to go for pennies 'cause y'all, y'all held onto 'em too long bro. Yeah, bring them back. That sucks bro. Bring them back because I've missed out on some of these like the shatter backboards. I don't have those. Yeah I need them. You don't Have those? I don't have, I have the reverse shatter backboards and I had a the three pat the other ones? Yeah. Yeah I don't got them. The 3.0 sat a long time. But that first one boys don't have and that's that first like super quality crazy of the retro ones. For real, for real. Like the least years.


I was shitty. I ain't getting 'em. Then when I wanted to get 'em they was like a rat and I just never wanted to get 'em like I was like ah. Paying a thousand dollars for them. Yeah. I crashed out and bought some aquas on StockX last month. Now I'm pissed. Should have just fucking waited. How much were they? Three 90. Ooh Yeah, that's normally against my religion but that's in my top three shoes and my other two pairs like literally crumble and I'm like I can't do shit with these. Yeah I got about four, five pair aquas. You know them Them was one of my favorite Js man in high school. I put those And what was the other shoe that everybody had? The fire Red five. Them was like one of the like I went to school Monday morning.


The D hallway. Everybody had them bitches on. Yeah, them aquas was crazy. I seen the grape fives coming out too. I'm happy about that 'cause the last ones that came out had that. I don't no shoe strings. Yeah, I got them shits. I'm cool. I I I wear without shoelaces too. But bro, gimme the option. Yeah. Yeah I got them so that's funny. Will Smith made them shoes iconic for sure. That's the legendary shoe for sure. But listen man Olympics going on so much crazy shit happening. But first we gotta talk about it. You, you missed the big three. Basically our men's team is not getting the fucking job done right now and they basically said we should hire Ice Cube to contract the three on three team for the USA. Which y'all think is Lowkey at Fire idea. It would've been dope And.


we would've had some more talent in there. They would've had to pay though. Like boy they would've had to pay boys and I mean that's fair. If you wanna Win, go over there. Yeah, Yeah we out. We got Jim Verde on his last league out there with niggas who got real jobs bro. We not, we not winning bro. Yeah, if you would've got Joe b Jordan Crawford, And, we probably, we would've killed them. You know how lit that would've been Bunch On Target. Yeah. The other team ain't even go get possessions 'cause they just gonna take turns scoring. Ain't nothing they could do about it. I coulda been a sub. Yeah We got a couple big another big or two. Yeah we would've, yeah Y oughta swept that shit for shit. Sure We would've got a gold medal shit man.


I don't know. They gotta, they gotta do some better contracting 'cause I would love to see the dudes like the up and coming like the iso kill, like a Malik Mump a Rod Dillingham Jamal Crawford type player. Let them go murder the 3 0 3 and that's gonna be entertaining as fuck. 'cause we would love to watch that just as much as we'd like to see us smack other countries because Jim Ade and friends ain't gonna cut it bro. They don't cut it bro. He doesn't really look like McCulley kin bro. Big three said it's 12 teams in the big three and any one of them 12 teams would win Golden Big three Olympics. That is not true. I ain't gonna say that's a lie. I don't know. I don't want you to say it but that is Ka a constructed team for sure. I've seen some of those teams play and no hell no. They say any one of the big three teams.


Any one of 'em? Anyone? No I think a couple for sure if you let 'em all get in shape. Like super shape. They got lock here. The Is is your team winning the gold in the Olympics? I seen Drum for that in them team. We would've beat them. Hell yeah Y'all done smack If y'all let us because they practice for that shit. Yeah. Yeah we you don't really practice with the big three you gold before the day before you get some shots up and you go play. Yeah like you gave us a whole year to practice plays and to run out to the three point line and play with an NBA basketball shit or or play with a basketball every day Olympic basketball. Yeah we probably could've won that shit. Yeah Big three is de A U.


Yeah just pull up and Hoop. That is, that's funny as hell. For real though. I see y'all going over there and clowning though. I just, I don't know. No disrespect to the, you feel me? The other countries out there doing their thing but I think they need to let Cube step in. He got the formula For real though. And I think they, I ain't gonna say owe that to him but that would be like nice to see them embrace him after they kind of shut him out. Yeah, that'd be dope. Which is kind of crazy still to this day. But you see they opened up which is dope to see anyways. Pat McAfee talking about he had some bread up for that three on three team where Pat McAfee fell victim of not paying attention or actually reading your source before you respond to some shit. 'cause them, everybody in the world calling that woman a boxer, a transgender is crazy.


You know how pissed I'd be if I'm a woman. Somebody called me a transgender off the dribble. Blame your daddy because why the fuck why your jeans that strong? Yeah why are you that strong though? She Was born with an extra XY chromosome. Yeah But she's still a woman so she a little Damn More masculine. Yeah She was born both 12 and a half. No she wasn't born both. But I'm saying from the looks of it, Hey you remember growing up people used to say Sierra was born Bo, it was like the dumbest lie that we all believed for no fucking reason she was tall too so it was believable. Yeah I watched a couple of my niggas, I'm like why are y'all questioning that? Like come on Dar, y'all playing with fire But niggas still wanted her though.


Yeah, that's What I'm saying. Niggas are still kind like oh well And that's kind of crazy. My mama was like look I like 50 day hurdle y'all. Yeah nigga start coughing like well Bow Wow. Yeah like Bow wow dating y'all Sure But you know the industry motherfucker, she she got the Illuminati rumors cracking Bro for no reason bro. Poor Sierra. That's probably why she went hard with the babies. Start shooting the motherfuckers out. She got smart on her name for no reason bro. That's crazy. Hell yeah. Hey And the worst part about that is they was just like the next me they gotta have Dwayne Wade commentate.


And that's why I said this is where see this is why niggas don't deserve the internet 'cause we start getting no shit like this. Hey, Hey why Shortie said she got hit so hard you could. She said I've never been hit this hard in my life. She said I gotta quit. You got hit by a girl fucking, he said I ain't never been hit this hard. It's gotta be a nigga, it has to be a man in there. Her first domestic Situation like it gotta be a man in there. She said she ain't right. They going to the same club Hollering at the same niggas boy. That ain't no that's a girl. No boy. She was ready. You wasn't locked in. Damn you weren't prepared for your fight. Speaking of 3 0 3 though, the girls lost too.


Yeah I seen girls oh one four They they, they've got some comebacks in them but I don't think they gonna advance the next stage unfortunately. Yeah they miss camera brink a lot but yeah I guess I Cube can fix that team too. Fuck it. Yeah. Hey listen we was talking about like Shakar, you know what I'm saying? Shout out to Shakar if we getting her first Olympic medal, medal it wasn't gold but still she got silver at me. She's the second fastest in the world. And to be top three anything you do in in anything in life is fucking amazing. Nah, to put that kind of time and effort in to to metal is dope bro. Like yeah you've been doing that for what? Four years to get to that point So especially what she had to go through. Yeah man shout out to her. They made her look like she was a terrible person just 'cause she smoked a little weed and had some emotions.


But we say that to say and everything else is just fine when it comes to basketball. United States is gold or you in the fucking way And when shit ain gold we fix that real quick around here. Yeah. Do they have any other transgender, can they participate in the Olympics though? Yeah. That's crazy bro. That's outta pocket. It shouldn't Be boxing though. I think there's Four events that they're Elijah fighting. I was reading earlier it's four events though. That's interesting. That's wrong Bro. I think what's it is interesting what they shouldn't be boxing. They shouldn't be doing nothing bro. Yeah but that's the thing though. It's not boxing. I'm just making sure like it shouldn't be boxing 'cause that's the thing. What made it so funny? That's fucked. It was very easy to find out if that was true or not and niggas was just like oh transgender and ran with Make shit.


Yeah because I mean if you lease, if you at least start off in like a basketball, start 'em off slow basketball or nah Water polo Or baseball, that's A hell of a water table tennis 'cause they let Zah swing at the game so they can put them at least in baseball. That was, that was the intro to that world. So at least doing baseball bro. But having a girl box or like wrestle or Aran a transgender wrestling bro is crazy bro. Yeah I had that though in high school or Like put it in WWE first. Like the fake one. You can't just throw motherfuckers out there in the Real world. Hey you know what's crazy and you know this to be true which I thought was always exaggerated but real.


I bro that nigga Kurt Ankle was really won a gold medal with a broken neck. With a broken neck bro. He said he is getting shot 12 times in the neck bro. What I shot? That's crazy. Crazy bro. He said I couldn't feel anything bro. He is the coldest bro. He respect the car. He cold. That's when I knew he was gonna have a downhill spiral. 12 shots of that in your neck? Yeah he said he was taking 50 perks a day. He's still alive Nigga. Thro damn kicking like a motherfucker. He said he is taking 50 per bro. He's the real That is crazy bro. He was living his reps bro. To win to win the wrestling. Meet with our broken neck bro. How can you even walk right now? Good. I mean them shots bro. Motherfuckers shoot you up enough. You a whole new nigga.


I don't think he could turn his neck though. Fuck Nah I'm being for real. I don't think he could turn like to left or right that his peripheral vision is on You punch that nigga now you good money. Damn. All you gotta do is wrong bro. Speaking of that, shout to the raw room. I don't know if y'all seen this but Brandon Jacobs talking about when one high school game his homeboy had some cocaine in the back and he did a line. He said he had his best game ever. I'm like who the fuck had the Brandon from The guy nigga What Scoot go to Brandon Jacobs on cocaine. What school did you go to Nigga Pike. Nigga Nigga, nigga went the cathedral or caramel nigga. That would've been marijuana. That would've been Jacobs. He was raw Nigga. Cocaine bro.


Bro at high school bro. It's a party drug though. I'm just saying what's crazy is we ain't had that that pike. It's Definitely upper. The most we had No don't do that. He Did. Nobody had no cocaine Bro. Stop acting like Pike was just public. It was a lot of suburban motherfuckers that went to Park Nigga. Not when I was here. By The time yes it was nigga, Nigga. By the time I got there was no, no it was black. Black Pike was probably 65% black. That don't mean that y'all wasn't on Brendan. Jacobs is black. Y'all had no no somebody, I'm sure you had Black Cokehead at Pike. Yes For sure we didn't. Yeah, them Skateboarding as people. Yes. No we had, we had pill poppers. I found the four sports.


We had pill poppers. We ain't had no What? What's the TG sports Bro? They wasn't doing cocaine. So the triathlon, I hate my mom. Kill my dad. That was the hallway. No Wasn't Who wasn't? That wasn't, that was crack. That's not where at Pike. You didn't have that at Pike bro. Respect the Pike Township Go Red Devils. Wow what a name. Hey bro, I told you I leave them alone. They do not exist on the podcast. Mike, what are the sports man? But we didn't have people doing that at Respect. Kings Triathlon, tennis and archery. They just require testosterone levels to be suppressed and then badminton they Don't give a fuck. I'll get it, I'll get on motherfucker as some badminton though.


The Joanna man at badminton is crazy. Oh this is a great question. We we mo it was at the gym the other day. They was like for 150 million would you be Joanna man, the WNBA would y'all For sure. I said fuck it man. 150 m I'll be in there talking bad. I'll be talking so bad to you. You, you, you little Sam Now you ain't gonna say sad. You gonna say sad? You know what I'm gonna say this what I signed up for. See But, but I wouldn't dress up for nothing. I'll be you not. Nah, I'll be just like this. Nah, you gotta do it. See I, I identify as whatever want be identified. Nah, that's why he needed Dwight Howard. Oh shit. He just built like both Bagwell. He couldn't get over. You needed a smaller both Fucking Nah.


Hey you see Davison to the Taiwan Lee. Shout out to my Dog. Shout to Davis bro. Yeah, I knew that one B one was getting you prepared for something. Yeah,


This summer Hennessy encourages you to shake things up and explore new possibilities in partnership with some of their friends and family. Hennessy is putting their twists on some of your favorite cocktails, including the margarita, the berry mojito. These fresh cocktails will turn your next gathering into something more. Set things off with the Hennessy Margarita, A squeeze of fresh lime juice and a bit of agave syrup. Topped off with ice and a salted rim. Mix it, shake it, pour it, and enjoy. Hennessy, Hennessy made for more. Please enjoy Hennessy responsibly 21 and over.


Only


texting between two different kinds of phones makes photos blurry. Likes messy and security risky. Not just that. It also makes sharing photos or even simply video calling editing messages or leaving a group nearly impossible. With WhatsApp, everyone can enjoy seamless messaging with the added protection of end-to-end encryption. Streamline your messages across all devices on WhatsApp. Message privately with everyone.


Hey it is Ryan Seacrest. There's something so thrilling about playing Chumba Casino. Maybe it's the simple reminder that with a little luck, anything is possible. Chumba casino.com has hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new game releases each week, play for free anytime anywhere. For your chance to redeem some serious prizes, join me in the fun sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Want to teach your kids financial literacy but not sure where to start. Green Light can help with green light. Parents can keep an eye on kids spending and saving while kids and teens use a card of their own to build money. Confidence. As a parent, you can send instant money transfers. Set up chores, automate allowance and more. It's a convenient way to run your household, customized to your family's needs and the easy way to raise financially smart kids. Get started with Greenlight today and get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart


Dearest listener allow me to unveil a delightful secret snag tights craft clothing that embraces everybody shape in a bold endeavor to revolutionize the fashion realm Snag has triumphed permit me to draw your attention to the ingenious Chubb Rub shorts crafted with moisture wicking yarn promising to keep you at least one degree cooler and utterly free from the discomfort of chafing free shipping on select orders. Thus, the more you snag, the more you save. Do not delay. Dear listener. Experience the fashion revolution that is snag and visit snag tights us today.


Hey man, shout out to Gordon Hayward man. Retiring hell of a career boy. Come on man. My dog city legend had a hell of a career. It's crazy that he had to spend half his last year with the Hornets, but hey, shout out to him man. Yeah man. Ran up a bag in the NBA too. Yeah, for sure. Where you get outta there with that chicken boy? Yeah. Had an underrated career 'cause he went crazy in high school, obviously against state. Then put a fucking program on a mat for real. And there was a long time that when Gordon was in Utah he was either all star or really close to it. A lot in a hell of a conference. So boys forget but Gordon got to it for a real long time period. He turned up, I still remember when Darryl Williams threw the ball at my neighbor.


Man I was shitty shit turned him up though. Yeah, shout out to that. I remember Delonte Woods skating nigga. We Wiley. Yeah his, his highlights aren't the best. He gave Mo Willie rash. Shout to Glory man. Happy for you man. Welcome to the other side man. We love sit down and talk to you, joke with you a little bit about your career For sure. You know what we was talking about last week where something That you don't want to call somebody like that's damn near on the, on the edge. Yeah. Took a slick call. My my boy. Hey Gordon G thing at Butler. Excuse me. Nickname. Yeah nickname G Thing that That's Filthy. I never participated in that but yeah he was G shevin you we need to talk about that.


That's low key. Calm tough though. If the is calling me G thing Bro. Nah But that needs to be the only ones calling that G. That's crazy bro. And the omp? Nah bro. You outta pocket. Which ones the fighter or what? The tgs. Oh. What the fuck is wrong with Bud? It's Saturday night. Remember earlier and I'm feeling right. You said we was gonna practice brand safety. Oh yeah, But the parties Here on the West side. They die. This is the last episode before we go corporate. Yeah we definitely go on corporate.


See this wonderful rug. Hey Mike. Tell of people man this gentleman who provided us this wonderful rug here but that Mike don't know. It's fine. That's crazy. No, his name is Larry. Larry the rug guy. Larry The rug. Shout out. Shout gave my nigga Villa Lago. Damn. It's right under Greatness. It's called right Under Greatness rug page. We fuck with it. But why I got Villa Lago To hell bro. It's just two tone bro. I was about to say so but we, we try to go Just last episode before we go corporate, go Over here. No, no, no, no, no. Thanks for the rug. Nah for sure though. It it, it is really not motherfuckers crispy. It's really dope and I really wanna reach out to you to get one for my, my room at my crib, my game room and shit at the crib.


So tap in. I don't want that picture though. I just want five 20. Yeah, I'm I'm gonna keep the the mic the Mike Jackson collab. Damn Georget. You know we got on this motherfucker. We really appreciate, Appreciate What's the ice cream? You called what to color? Ice. Ice. What's the ice cream thing? Just to eat at the birthday parties. The chocolate, the George Teague. That's funny.


Fuck y'all, I'm on your ass. That That's a crazy blend. He shoulda have came out nigga get a blonde hair like Nah I never do that. That's crazy. That shit is called like what's A name? What is it called? Yeah bro. The three and ice cream. They Got him on ice cream sandwiches. It's called the Neopolitan. Yeah, Neopolitan Neopolitan. I always judge people who ate the chocolate ice cream. If I came over to your house and seen the Neapolitan niggas eating that chocolate ice cream. Yeah you, you need to be under chocolate Ice cream. And chocolate cake is trash. I like chocolate cake. Chocolate cake is fire. I like chocolate. Chocolate ice cream is disgusting. Speaking of chocolate cake, did y'all see the people redid Matilda as in like grown as adults?


Nah, when they brung the cake out. Y'all ain't seen that shit? Nah, I ain't just talking about it was all over the internet. Huh? I thought you talking about those. Nah, y'all seen this movie Matilda Right? Of course. Classic. You remember when the dude ate the cake? The fat boy? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Well he ain't fat no more. He is skinny as hell And they brought that big ass chocolate cake out with all them same cake. Oh damn. Had original people turn it off. Yeah, original people and damn Miss Trench he really wouldn't eat the cake or whatever but yeah they had redid it as them as adults. It's pretty dope. That's Crazy. And she still alive. That's Miss Trencher right there. Damn. Turn up. She be up there with Gene Katie For sure. God damn Doc Her body's still there. OG Gene Man.


Damn. But yeah damn I gotta tap in. Yeah, check it out. Y'all get a chance. It pretty fun. That's one of the few kids movies I like. I really super fucked with growing up because like having an older brother, I'd never watch kid movies. I watched all the shit I wasn't supposed to watch. Matilda was always fire. Yeah Matilda saying Lott Lil Giants, Lil Giants Fire and shit Like inspired him. Nah. Little Giants saying Inspire me nigga. Did y'all fuck with Angels in the outfield? Nah I ain't fuck with fake shit. I did. I fuck with Angel In Outfield. I fuck with Angels in the outfield and six Man. I like that's too fake for me. I like shit that I feel I really don't like it. Hate six Man's fired bro. Watch Party Kid. Yeah I was a three dude I feel like could beat them niggas. Tom. Tom. Man I feel like Three Ninjas was way better Than Chronic.


Again I say Tom, Tom first Because you know you're eating ass nigga That boy think he slick Strike one could have said anybody else first. That's like saying that's his child. Bitch Michelle first out of pocket But hold up. How did they just rather have an Asian ass grandpa too? Yeah, they never explained that shit. They was white as hell. It was adopted bro. No she wasn't. That was her grandpa. Her daddy though. She Was adopted bro. Where was the mom? Where was grandma? I don't know. She passed. He was dead. Her dead on the movie bro. He was 90 on that movie Was kids Fuck on that. He was whooping nigga's ass too. Oh God. That nigga had bags under his eyes for days nigga.


I'm like god damn. And they wasn't shit for putting three kids on him in the summer bro. Man send the fucking kids to summer camp. That's why that was bad. Y'all put 'em on your old ass grand? Nah, he got 'em together. They was whooping shit bro. Oh God. Nah they was going crazy. They bedroom room was tough. Yeah I was like damn man I wish my shit was like this. We live in Gateway talking To the host through the cans. Yeah Like shit Rocky and believe that's crazy. Talking to the host through the can. That's nuts. Having them bikes though was tough. Yeah now they got active though. And them niggas Kahoot. That was crazy. That was a dope ass movie bro. I'm telling you The kid movie man I hate it would been the best kid movie I hated bu it is definitely not the best kid movie. What?


Nah It's not Three Ninjas is the best kid movie bro. It it is one of the best trilogies for sure. I don't know if it's the best kid movie as far as the three people. That's another Kid movie Kid. Movie is Sand Lie bro. Ooh Sand Lie the best bro. Oh that's not A kid movie though. Mal Home Mal Alone was the classic though. That's that's That's a grownup. Yeah Is it? Yeah. McCall Cooker was the first junkie that had a classic movie but that was mainly about, He wasn't a junkie then though. It was about some lowkey though. Some fucking terrible parents. Yeah That was bad Parents They didn't give a fuck about their kids. That was a kid Movie bro. Hell no bro. Where is DCS in New York? They, he should not have been a part of that family the second time is crazy bro.


Just leaving your kid bro. And he was, he was the first scammer too. We ain't even really pee. He was getting two into New York swiping shit. New York. He was going down, he was going crazy on Pac McClay Cock might be in Nigeria. We need to shake his background. Steve Nash nigga. Yeah we didn't know that. He from South Africa too but Collie Cochlan is definitely from Iowa. I don't give a fuck. Or North Dakota. Mike Billard, he probably from LA some shit. He's from New York. New York. Ah makes Sense. Nah he is a star but I ain't putting that one up there though. Y'all gotta gimme two more kid movies bro. So saying lies. No I on that. Fuck you that. Damn. I can't think of too many.


I I didn't really fuck with Little Rascals. A lot of people let that movie but that Lil Rascals was, it was, it was. It was solid. It wasn't one of my favorites but I respect it fucking was decent though. Eh? It's a solid kid movie for sure. That's A classic. I wasn't, I really wasn't watching that shit like that. So I can't really give y'all top three. What About Earbud? I ain't really like, nah I never, I was nothing. Nah, You know What I'm Beethoven was better ear Bud Jamun that. If that's the kid movie then so is Home alone. Nah. Yeah. Yo. What fuck I'm I'm saying I'm, I ain't like Jamun. Y'all all Jams fire. I mean it was cool. Yo. Another kid movie y'all Mighty Ducks. That's Fire Elite Trilogy Elite. Wow that's too Elite. That's too Ducks in there. That's two. Yeah For sure. I got Mighty Ducks in my studio.


Mighty Ducks is in there for Coach Bombay. Yeah, he's a piece of shit. Coach Bomb Bombay, That's, that nigga was a drunk with the name Bombay. Yeah bro. He's really Martin for Rebound but he just white. Yeah, My three is three Ninjas Mighty Ducks. And what's the little badass white boy Dennis diminish. I'm cool off. I fucked with blank check more than I fucked with blank. Oh that's now we Pi blank Check Fire Richie Rich Blank. Check Sandlot. Y'all didn't really like Space Jam? No I ain't, I did shit. Space Jam was fire. The first one was I was grown man. Oh I'm not talking about the LeBron that don't count the first one. I didn't even that don't even, I ain't even believe like Monsters and Stars and Qua bars and all that.


I ain't believe that shit bro. The Charles shit, I feel I could really do the Charles Broley. You not Charles Broley. You a wannabe. That's my funniest, funniest shit ever bro. Like what's that one that Whoopi Goldberg played in Eddie. Eddie? Like shit like that. I'm gonna fucking with that shit. Yeah. Nah if y'all gonna say Space Jam, I'm throwing Nja Turtles in there. Nja Turtles was Fired? Yeah the first one though In there. Oh wait I'm you are correct Daddy shit is fire. Yeah. Yeah that Nja Turtles that Too much a good childhood but yeah that was, that's up there with the, The first one I had this recently was bought online. I was cracking up, they said that First Power Raiders movie with Ivan Ooze, they said I had the Rangers fight niggas on league.


The whole city was turned out. Yeah the putty was turned. That shit was hard too Though. Now that movie was fired too. Was hard too Though. Didn't one of 'em pass away? I gotta put somebody else on the shirt Man. I'm out. Who to the shirt Rrp Tommy man. Oh was that, which one? Which color was it? He was the white white one. He, he was a swag one. He had his own sword whistle and shit. He ain't swag out with broke niggas. He his own. He No desire to be on the team. Nevermind. Shut the fuck up. Hey another piece of advice that people need to read. Entire things. A watch entire excerpts. Niggas hopped on Sheryl Swoops head about something she said about Kaylin Clark and they had like clipped that shit up perfectly to fit the narrative of it. She has been hating on her but that wasn't the case. But it's just funny that you see a lot of these places and people get mad.


They was like why do people react before they look? You know how many haters central pages on Twitter got like thousands and millions of followers. Shit you know I'm always the N NBA a central page. You know The central page just spelled wrong. Gets more traction than one that spells right. EJ always tell me Brenda, that's fake. I don't care. It's real. Hey that's exactly what because we don't give a fuck. We gonna say that's not true but it's much more funny to talk about here. Yeah. What did she say though? What happened? Basically said she ain't shit. And she said that Kay Lou Sims was our best player and everybody was just like you really just hating on her for no reason. Yeah but it was more context to it. Even though she does hate hate Clark. We have to acknowledge that too. She's a legend nonetheless. But she does hate on her. Sometimes it's not necessary but also context does matter in conversation.


Shit. They said Kailin Clark had a stat that, what was the assist or something? Did she break a record or something with the assist? Yeah. That's crazy bro. That is crazy. She'll probably have that record whenever she's done. Damn. She has that halfway through the first season basically. Yeah. That's crazy. Shout to Kailin. And also Angelice going crazy too. Like I told Y'all, double, double machine Whatever Up a machine. We can't deny the impact. Shout Out to the real AR percent. Oh which which one? Oh the football season is around. Yeah I guess I be careful you Oh that's your quarterback. Respect. Not I'm a coach but I said coach. Actually I'm a coach fan this year because now the guys the trenches ej, I'm a fan now bro.


Hey I'm still on your ass. I know y'all in pads now. Where my pads at is Out here. Cheryl so said she never said that about Kaitlyn Clark? Yes she did. She never said Katie Lou was more valuable than Kaitlin Clark. It I, that's what I'm saying. It wasn't Yeah was much together how it was. Okay. Why don't you get out there with him though? Teague get run out no pads. That's on my mama. Oh no pads and they got pads They can't tell you. No they they got, hey y'all go out there you would just put some cleats on and the outfit you got on now with them with Z and EJ And they got on regular shit too. Yep. I can catch a pass on em like that. On Some two hand touch shit. Yeah. Yeah I can get off on two hand touch. Yeah, he gonna try to jam me on the line though. But I lift too nigga. Yeah. Oh I ain't strong with y'all nigga.


Y'all nigga. Yeah I, I see YI see your off season lifts boy. Yeah they going crazy And I seen, I seen that special juice you got too. We ain't doing that but niggas He trying to talking about he me shaking up the little bottle over on the side space jam. Oh that was your inhale Motherfucker Ain't done but a fresh time shake Motherfucker motherfucker me and Gabe. Nah but if you it up with them bro, they will destroy you. That's just like you going against a, a motherfucker saying they can, It's like me playing them in basketball. Yeah. So I was telling them like bro if y'all patted up y'all gonna try to kill me. He gonna try to take my head off bro. I see Derrick Henry. Yeah I would don't even do it. I mean I got somebody for Oh okay.


I called Big Thano so I got the tape. Oh. So we can keep it, we can keep it player it Off. Yeah Dewan told me Y niggas took him off the schedule for a reason. Yeah. We keep player it off Like be here. They sad. He sent me a picture, he walking off the field laughing at him. Said all right nigga chill. They took the match schedule because they quarterback as a team pop your shit. But nah for real I'm so hyped 'cause Charles Lewis, he a Texan fan. Me and him been going back and forth talking about the coach and the Texans so I already know my dog's gonna show up and show out. So I'm excited for that. Yeah and they put Out you go to a couple games, They put out a top five list and everybody was shocked that Tarique was one.


Oh best players in the league. Yes. Lamar Jackson, two Christian McCaffrey three Where a petty Pat Mahomes four he is and Miles Garrett. Five miles Garrett is an animal but they got the game fucked up. Pat Mahomes is the best player in the NFL bro. Yeah if you even if you Probably most marketable nigga. He, he's the best if you're going ba especially if you're going base off last year. I will put Tariq Lord that five he, I think he should be top 10 for sure. But top 10 if it's Pat Mahome Kill a receiver too y'all. Yeah he be killing. I'm not saying he's elites a hall of famer fastest man On Earth. He depend on you depend on people to get you the ball. So how you gonna be the best if you he not better than Pat Mahomes. And that's not no disrespect bro. Bro he not better than Pat Bro As hard judging football players it's easier to do basketball players 'cause just position wise.


Yeah 'cause you got some people gotta depend on others. Quarterbacks are are more important than everybody I feel like. But to be the best quarterback, you probably the best player in the league bro. Like he cold. I don't think Lamar Jackson, but I love Lamar Jackson too. He one of my favorite People. Probably the most dynamic. I Don't Jackson my favorite football player of all times. But I don't think he's better but he's right behind. Yeah. Yeah. If if he, if Pat Mahomes is the one where I think he should be, Lamar is his two is solidified. I think they just need to switch that part. But Gee to see Aaron Rogers this year Man Aaron Rogers, that shit was all that shit. He talked and I thought he was about to come out and kill and obviously that had, yeah I heard though. No I'm saying that obviously that un but it happened the first snap first unfortunate industry.


Yeah we'll see how he was this year but, but that Top five list no matter how you mix it up, it ain't bad. Nah it ain't wrong. All these players are elite players. Yeah but just not, not having Pat Mahomes that's the best player in the NFL and they're in literally in, they're in the middle of a dynasty run like yeah bro. Yes. That's crazy bro. No matter go, it's like saying Steph wasn't the best player when they was going through. They run it's like bro chill that. And it was kind of like I do that and it's kind of like Pat just had that 2022 championship 'cause no matter what happened, you take away whatever from me take away two week what happened? I get a fucking ring like Yeah. Yeah. No matter what happens he makes it happen with whatever's there. So Christian McCaffery y'all saying is landslide the best runner back in the league?


I think that Christian McCaffrey is definitely the best runner back in the league. I don't think it is from a skill standpoint, I think it's just from a usage what he does in the backfield and what he does catching the ball. He just do too much bro. He just, he just, he doesn't fucking do too much. I think Sequan gonna bounce back this shirt off. He can stay injury free. Yeah. I wish him the best. Not really. Hope he's healthy. He plays for the team. I don't like so There's only five running backs in the top 100 on the NL. I'm not surprised by that at all. They don't fuck with running backs. Who you got? Look at how they pay him. Name two of 'em. Mike Top. The top. Who was the second one? You Got Christian McCaffrey at number three and then the second one will come until 40 something. Derrick Henry, Derrick Henry Derrick Henry has to be higher than that.


Nah, he's definitely not in it. He number 49 about Say yeah Derrick Henry number 49. Raheem Moer number 60. That's crazy. Yeah but y'all know we talked about this last NFL season, the running back position ain't respected no more than the NFL. Nope. So it's Kind of, that's where, where Debo Samuel at, even though he's not running Debo at least gotta be top 20. Seeing Aire was a hundred, which is fire. I think he was the only coach player in a hundred too. Which is crazy. Yeah, My nigga gotta make a Pro Bowl this year. Yeah he for sure they Robbed me number 30. Deebo number 30. That makes sense. Yeah, He's, he's elite.


You Still a 49 ERs fan Wallo or why Wouldn't, why wouldn't I? Why wouldn't I? I'm always, always a 4, 8, 9 fan forever. They was asking on, on Gil's show when you had the Raiders studio today was like what where bro on it was cold. We was in Las Vegas, it was freezing. We did a show with Kg. Literally it was the coldest. This is literally, it was the coldest room I ever been in bro. Oh it was freezing bro. I bought a Raiders hoodie bro. I don't even know where it is no more Boy Blood thin. I threw it out. Y'all everybody was in there sick as hell. They was closing the motherfucking there. Ask Me. I was running up that motherfucker. That Nigga was in there sweat Said woo, that motherfucker kicking In. That's the new campaign.


You don't need a jacket, just take a nice drink of Headness seat. For Sure. Had you out there in the, This is what I was on this Antarctica, Alaska taking a shot of He ain't with no coat. Crazy. That'd be a fire campaign commercial. Yeah. Yeah. A freaky ass nigga. You ever wanna shoot back? I wanna warm it up. I wanna ask you a question about photo shoots too. Mike, why are we doing this is one of our last episodes being fried. Did you ever, you know, shout out to, you know his situation? No disrespect to the family. I'm married. Yes. Okay. Did you ever oil up the woman before? Was that like an extra fee or Nah because the way oil works and then touching your camera they'd be Dumb.


You asked him if he was the people that I didn't know if you Had gloves though. No, you Actually use oil machine. That's a spray. Spray. Oh, so you can, So you graffiti so you Never rubbed it in? No. And then when you rub it in, you don't get the shine you need for the picture. So. Oh, Okay. That's only if you take triple pictures. I don't do that. You would spray a hose like Ko. So how did you get the, how would you get in a dent out the bumpers? Photoshop. Oh okay. So that's what y'all Was doing The hell damage clean up. That's an extra 20 every every Three seconds. So you could erase the low back tattoo because, Because Mike took a picture of a couple big girl. I said who I know that bull fucking 87 Chevy is beat up.


I've been swimming with them before. That boy got his smooth was Jordan 11. That motherfucker picture. What's we not doing that? Shout out to Danielle though. That's my job. I love all my clients. I appreciate y'all these past years. Hey. Oh man, man shout out to the he down man. Shout out to the SOP right here to see in a minute. But I'm back. I'm back. What we got next?


Oh shit. Oh man. Skip, we knew that Skip was leaving but his episode, his departure rather came very, very quick and they saying Paul, that Nick Wright is gonna take over the network basically. Mm Damn. I like Nick though. Yeah. A little bias in his opinions. But that nigga Lil LeBron, yeah he love LeBron Brown. But it's cool. Whatever. He's Controversial but it still for the show He's only 39 too. I, I know that that's a, a prime spot for him to really kind of make his noise. I think he's had a solidified voice on that network for a long time that there's anybody who would be a successor over there. It would definitely make sense to have him but I think he also might attract other suitors to come there.


Nick Wright. Fuck with a lot of people in different media spaces. Like he's one of the few people you see bouncing around from FS one. Honestly. Yeah, I think that's a hell of a a move. 'cause think do you think you might see what's my boy that got was on ESPN with Steven a Max Tellerman? Yeah. Boy we ain't, I ain't, we ain't see Max Max might make a max might be on FS one. He might make a comeback. They, because they canceled his boxing show, which, I mean I think Max was phenomenal at boxing. A gu of boxing bro. Elite at the boxing shit. I mean shit, I, I wouldn't be surprised. Or they might come get five 20. Listen, I've seen a lot of people saying now that you know what I'm saying with the change of how they're doing some of the marketing and with these new teams getting deals like the brands and stuff that people would much rather see like from a standpoint of a CEO shit, if I'm a program director I can just go ahead and plug and show that's already there.


So like you said, yeah we can clean up our language and our act Start clean up the tgs and oh we clean it all over together. Of course you ever listen, I went to Wake Forest University, I know how to go corporate that was there for a hiccup. Listen, I got his hands crossed like a listen for academic purposes only Basketball was second to me. I went there for academic purposes for sure. But we can definitely clean this all up. Don't worry about it.


Texting between two different kinds of phones makes photos blurry, lights messy and security risky. Not just that, it also makes sharing photos or even simply video calling editing messages or leaving a group nearly impossible. With WhatsApp everyone can enjoy seamless messaging with the added protection of end-to-end encryption. Streamline your messages across all devices on WhatsApp message privately with everyone.


Dearest listener, allow me to unveil a delightful secret snag tights craft clothing that embraces everybody shape in a bold endeavor to revolutionize the fashion realm Snag has triumphed permit me to draw your attention to the ingenious Chubb rub shorts crafted with moisture wicking yarn promising to keep you at least one degree cooler and utterly free from the discomfort of chafing free shipping on select orders. Thus, the more you snag, the more you save. Do not delay. Dear listener, experience the fashion revolution that is snag and visit snag tights us today.


Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. They have the resources and expertise to help you make big tech decisions. As a small business owner, you understand more than anyone that any decision can make or break your business. That's where Lenovo Pro can help, especially if you're not a tech expert yourself. They can keep up with the latest tech trends like AI and help you save money on the smartest tech solutions for your business. And by joining Lenovo Pro, you can enjoy a long-term partnership focused on helping your business take advantage of every tech opportunity in the future. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com, that's lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's. ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core Ultra processors.


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But odu funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ooo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com That's OD o.com.


Good job. Thanks FS one though. I I like, I like where they going though. I don't know if they ever reach ESPN but I mean if they bring some new swag to the, to the network, I think that'll help for sure. Listen, I don't think they gonna reach ESPN because you see how Stephen a would when? When he not on pn. I swear to God y'all, I told You I dj You did bro. A hundred percent you did. But I did not know Steven a b Wallen, he get his shit off for sure. What can they do to him? Nah, I understand but I just didn't know like, you know how we always talk about cleaning. I'm not saying we should do what Steven a doing, but I'm like I didn't know that was a, his shit is public.


You could see I was like wow. You know how bad FS one fumbled that bag though because they could have gave that shit to Shannon. Yeah, they could have Like you should have known that Skip wasn't like y'all wasn't fucking with Skip like that. Shannon could have had that and he could have had that going up. Yeah. Yeah. What's crazy, like you said about that is you've seen the moment pass Skip, right? Yeah. Skip is still iconic. Skip is still Skip. But you've seen the moment pass him when people stopped fucking with him, they just stopped fucking with him. Yeah. At he didn't have really much Source direct. Nobody was fucking with Skip. And also the person that he always wanted to response from was probably a big reason from that bro. When it got to a point to where hey I'll give y'all whatever but cut that water off.


Yeah, true. Will go dry and you in the wrong city for that. Damn. Well Skip had a good run though bro. Skip. Nah, skip Bro. One of the best runs you could ever have bro. He was relevant for 20 years. He about to sign a podcast deal. That's gonna be epic. He already got one bro. Yeah. He gonna sign one that's gonna be Epic and he gonna be sitting there popping and shit, talking shit about Brown and all them. So it's gonna be, yeah, he ain't going nowhere. He may not be on TV like as much as he was but he ain't going nowhere. But he, he gonna be, he definitely gonna be there because even the, that's the one thing that people underestimate. Like even I was watching a breakfast club the other day and I'm like, people talked about how the Breakfast Club fell off, but the Breakfast Club is still a staple no matter how you feel about it. I watched the Breakfast Club every morning, but you know, as time progresses people just hate shit for no reason.


And sometimes things don't always in the line. We get older, whatever it may be, we move on to whatever. But no matter what, there are still people who watch this every single day. Yeah. I just think we were so used to the Fry guests that they had, they had so many iconic interviews in the timeframe and then they went, you know, corporate, the political campaign they went on, they kind of mixed it up like we missed the Webby, the Ray J, the Kanye, the whole Yeah. Them interviews was all like in a certain, I don't know, three to four year time span. Yeah. For that run. So, But, and it is fucked up 'cause it's just like you look at all that shit too. You, and you forget how like how many moments people have in the runs.


Like I was listening, I watched the Locks tiny desk, which is super fire bro. I forgot like, bro, we really had a whole JD Kiss episode All Star weekend. Yeah. Like one of my favorite episodes. I didn't forget shit. Y'all know how I, I was too, gee. Yeah. That's crazy. That's One my, that's my, that's top three episodes that we did for sure. I was talking about homeboy, I said it, it was so dope to meet him and realize he was everything you thought JS would've been. Yeah, for sure bro. Like just to talk to him and him being like down to earth as shit. Like that's my fun. That's like the best thing about doing a podcast and meet people and you know, our environment is hella like cool, relaxed we drink, we talk. We just be joking and shit. Yeah. And to meet people when they really be down to earth, that'd be the coolest shit.


Like I like we even ran into some people who wasn't really down to earth. Like we done did podcasts with 'em. It was kind of boring but whatever. But like when you meet most of these guys, they be down to earth. It is dope. I ain't going lie. Who shocked me. Shout out to Jada for sure. One of my favorites but Rondo. Oh. Oh yeah. Real one. Yeah. Dope. That was So bro, whatever you're doing, I hope you get a job in the NBA, whatever you're doing bro. I definitely appreciate you for opening your doors to your cri. Yeah, yeah. Rocking with us like that. For sure. And I also gotta say this too, for a lot of people who talked about it basically saying damn Draymond did another episode. Rodney ya coattail. Nah, shout out to Draymond. 'cause Draymond said our name in a time where a lot of people did not say our name. Who were scared to say our name publicly and helped put us in a lot of rooms that we weren't in before.


So it's always love Bit Dre from us bro. For sure. I always, I told him mom, when I did this show, like he shouted us out. He, you put us in a a light that we wasn't getting No. And that that was dope. So shit Draymond like a brother to the podcast so he come anytime. There ain't no coattail riding shit. He hot. He the one playing shit. We we playing. He think he has four championships. Yeah he the one shit we needed him on our show. Not for sure. Nah, he the one and them forces are on the way for sure. We Did book them. Dre got like a million on Instagram too. He flopping. Yeah We we did book them forces though. Now we most definitely You deserve 'em. They and it was on his ass. They said they ain't know what's worse between Dre might Elbow or Gilbert Toes out.


Who was on Shout out to Gill too. Gill showed this part Hella Love. Yeah. Ah yeah He have to on this game Gill's Gil. Hey y'all, I ain't gotta speak y already know how I feel about Gil Arenas bro. So him even show Bro. Bro. I told You'all play with Drew good on March Madness bro. He was cold at Kansas bro. You too. I know y'all be locked in, you feel me? It'd be too many comments for me to read. That's y'all shit is funniest as hell. But please could y'all please remind him that he said he wore zero because Drew, I said I thought it was unique that he wore a zero and him played with him on March Madness at Kansas bro. What? But I wore a zero 'cause of Gilbert Arena. I ain't play Your Journey play. I'm fucking five 10. I'm gonna play like you drew. Good yo bro.


Respect to your journey bro. Shit, you The only five, ten four. I know nigga You gonna slide it in Paul. Hey Y'all that's crazy. See that's crazy. This my camera cord on Saturday. That nigga Niggas locked in. He tell that nigga we told he like a rotweiler one time now. He told Fly. Oh now he buying jokes. Okay Dre, I was playing my little nephew today. The game kept saying BBB Lizzy When he was scorer. I'm Like what the fuck? What y'all think about Drake Roy Man? Is it what he about to do? Oh they say supposed to be on the Coli album with P and D.


A P and d allegedly. Damn do do you think it's going Party next door to him? Yeah that's gonna be some sad ass songs. They about to set the fucking vibes nigga. It's about to be fall. That shit gonna crack. Yeah baby making. Yeah For sure. I'm gonna pass on that album Music for the motherfucking sws. Yeah I'm cool. It's funny that them TD artists can't perform at Toronto. Damn real. It's petty but I respect it. Yeah, he he can. No sir. No school q No it's cool. I lost but y ain't recording here no money here. Damn. Not even schoolboy. Nobody bro. Nah he definitely TD artist you're not coming here. I respect it but that shit corny. I'm nothing bro. You know Who's back outside though?


Big Sean. Is he? Yeah I seen him back outside. He did an interview with Charlamagne Fire. I enjoyed that interview a lot. Yeah he back outside. I enjoy that interview a lot. I fuck with Big Sean though. I do too. He just, it has a va. He said very unfortunate time but he wants to release music 'cause he said he put that out his, you know what I'm saying? Alright, I'm releasing new music again and now Kendrick Lamar steps on it. Yeah, So far as Rapper. Where y'all put him at in that like 2010? You know and Meek Wale, big Sean, Drake, Kendrick, He was, I think he's on that second tier. He was number, he was number back then though. He was number four back then. Back then he was definitely number four. Was Drake Cole Kendrick then It was Cole was there too. Yeah, It was Ray Cole, Kendrick. Well Cole wasn't oh nine.


He was, he probably not like out he is oh nine. Did Big Sean have a better But Big Sean was better than Cole at that time. Ooh no. Oh oh nine yes no. Yes no. What? When finally Famous and shit was coming Out finally Famous Chance be No I just want y'all to know last time I brought up Big Sean, y'all got mad at me. You Start talking about him with at now he said in 2024 we talked about oh nine. Nah oh nine was what? That was Young Warm up Friday Night Lights. Friday Night Lights was hard after that point is different. Nah, finally the famous was hard bro. Finally Famous Volume three is one of my favorite mixtapes like and you know Big Sean. That's crazy Big Sean.


First album is better than J Cole first album. Ah, damn what bro? What's what's that? What's this shit Blonde, what's it called? Backstory? What's this shit called? Sideline. Sideline Story is not better than Finally Famous. That's a hell of a comparison. Marvin and Chardonnay and all that shit. You tripped. Nah Big Sean first album passed away. Yeah you saying that? I don't disagree at all. Marvin gave Char that. You know how we feel about that's Oh yeah. Top tier music video but for sure. Yeah And he had that song with Nicky had shit Chris Brown. That shit was nah, hands up. It is Fire. That nigga first album was hard but it was better than Cole Outlasting. But that wasn't his supposed to be Cole first album though. That's also, that takes into place too. 'cause his first album should have been Friday Night Lights.


Yeah but it wasn't two track Track far comparison. I was gonna compare Big Shine who had a better run between Big Shine and Mick Mill. Meek was hard back then bro. They was two different lanes back. I would, I would have to compare Big Sean Up there with Kendrick Big Shine. I mean as they, they started from me. I put Big, they started when they started going cold just took the fuck off like after that first, that second album came. I don't even wanna Doan Bo When Born Center dropped. Yeah it was different. It was over with. I like Meek Mill more just for the versatility. Meek Mill them. I think Mick took longer to get on than the rest of them but once he got on it was up. Nah because Wale early on 'cause Wale had that shit early on So Wale that his mix tape was hard.


Yeah but I who got the best mix tape outta them three Dream Chasers Outta Big Sean. Big Sean. I'm talking about MMG. Oh Dream Chasers. Dream Chasers for sure. Damn. Dream Chasers better than more about nothing. I'm not disagreeing either way. With what but more about nothing is crazy. Yeah that shit was hard. But I love but Tracy too, I think it's easy too. I love damn As that's what we like. Fuck oh Banger for the Ho. Alright Tony Stories Nigga and some heat bro. Come on bro. It's some great shit on there. Versatility And at the time, I mean I'm not comparing him in this conversation, but Ross was dropping heat too because the ashes to Ashes and the But wa they make music for people who do this at the poetry session bro.


So We was down again it Was, it was more about nothing is crazy and all because I fuck with Seinfield heavy. Yeah so the creativity behind more about nothing he He on that bitch rap but it's not rapper. That right there, right there. Go Mike. That that no right there. No that me up go. Oh me Stay on Ass Up. Is that 2 0 1 2? Yeah Dream two is crazy, crazy Go down though. But that, that shit right there. That cushion Orange juice is amazing. Yeah but go down. Oh that's top off. Go down, top off. Go down this right here. That ASAP right There. We did not mention Wi Khalifa in that 2010 rule nigga that ASAP right there. No that first ASAP Rocky Tape is Elite. What My rookie year.


I used to play that shit every day. Nah, ASAP was cold. Nah that nigga KW Khalifa went on the better run than I had. SoundCloud. What Khalifa does? California Breeze. Oh my god. WFA does stadium tours. Yes, he's been doing stadium tours. And We out of pocket for not mentioning Wiz because that's when we started to Wiz Mixtape game is y'all know how feel an orange juice nigga that that's a different tape. Wiz Kfa is the first nigga to start vlogging too in the rap game game Whi today bro. I still take the dream. Chase is two over with Cushion orange juice stuff. Whoa I can't do that. I am Bro. I don't even smoke reefer. Nah that, that Dream Chase is bro. That nigga Meek bro. He snapped that. Y'all know how I feel about, I ain't gonna lie. That nigga Meek, that nigga me used to me wrong.


That nigga we start off a tape saying I don't love him. I chase him, I duck him. Yeah that was hard. But that Drew Chase, he set the tone bro. Me robbing nigga I love him Duck. I feel you. But that dream Chase was Drew Chase, that's it's bro get that off. The production was crazy. And then his please say Chase rap first. He's ranked number two. Who? That's that's that's a lie. That's a lie. That's a lie. That's a rapper. That shit was like hey that's globally though. That's a lie. I fucked. That's not culturally, that's globally Drop Three, draw three don't even talk and let's talk. Hey Wayne keeps putting out fire ass verses. Yeah he does. Yeah because the Wayne be, Ross is crazy.


He reinvented himself again like And mix number four As a mix tape artist. He crashed at, he's crashed like download apps. I'm not mad at him being in the top five that I Don't even Wait What's your AAP right there? Three Number three. Except if ASAP is a hell of a, that motherfucker was hard. A hell of a tape. Bang that mother fucking number Five. Who? This wig number five? Yeah, I told you two Better than that wig though. Is it, does it keep going on that list? I'm sorry, I'm House of Balloons is up there. No, that's an honorable mention. Oh okay. Is Wayne one though? Yeah number Wayne. Oh okay. I was just making sure. House of Balloons being a a mix tape is crazy but it is and I'm I'm mad. Where so far so gone. House of Balloons number six. Shit what's so far?


So gone so far gone. Should be top three For Sure. You saying Honorable Mentions but it's not On list. Oh damn Crack if they putting, yeah that's a lot of, he got Joey Badass 1989 number Nine. Shit hard. See Leto, I swear he another Motherfucker that can rap his ass Up. He could rap like a Motherfucker. My nigga Hager put me on George Badass Mac Miller Martinez Mac Miller used to be hard. I ain't gonna lie. I just like that white Boyo put me on Mac. Yeah Mac Miller got one of the craziest tiny best performance of all time too. Man. I fuck with Macmillan crazy. If you ever go like it is like it is never on 11. Especially now with the given circumstance. If you go watch none that shit feels yeah different. That shit crazy man. I remember when Kendrick was up enough for Mac Used to run the city. That's crazy. He was rocking. Yeah that was, that's Crazy bro.


Mac Miller was bigger than Kendrick at one point in time bro. It was wild Is I lie Meek used to be cold bro. Cold Bro. Until he found out about Twitter I just fucked everything up. Once he found out about Twitter, everything about me got worse and he's so talented that we still don't give a fuck. 'cause Championships is one of my favorite albums. Yeah I fuck with that album. Tough damn. I used to fuck with Meek bro. Yeah, meek Meek it is just he bro, he found out about the internet and pools and everything got spooky Stuff. I just think he was more versatile than Big Shine but Big Sean, honestly I'm a, I'm a be real Big Shine's Detroit Mix tape is better than anything Meek Mill put up. Oh God that shit one of the best mix tapes you ever. You take Big Shine's take Detroit Over Dream Picture still. Yeah that hundred percent crazy nigga.


That shit been that. You don't have an argument for me bro. That should have been an album bro. Percent. You know what made me happy him explaining that shit. He was just like, I was doing all these projects and he was just like my second album was like kind of Ah so I had to really like fight for my life type shit. Yeah. To respond making that shit bro. And then making dark Scott Period. That's crazy bro. I don't think so's crazy bro. That album right there. It's crazy bro. I'm gonna lie. That's in my, I told you I got a weird album selection that's in my top 10. Yeah, that's crazy. Well oh yeah Kanye's album came out. Him and Ty do signed the VS two. I fucked with the first one. I wonder what type of me they gonna put out. But it's Kanye West bro. What's Kanye West Album though? It just dropped the album just dropped. Yeah, it just came out Friday. What's Kanye?


What's Best album? My beautiful drop Twisted Fantasy. Nope. College Dropout? Nope. Yeah. Twisted Dark Fantasy Shit was hard but that Co St. Pablo it go College Dropout in St. Pablo. That's ain't Pablo. What's the one that got, excuse me, Pablo. The life of Pablo. The life of Pablo. Same whatever fuck was called that was Fire Shit y Are y'all agreeing? Yes. That life will pop up. Hey I'm sorry, I know I'm a Kanye man. Y'all are smoking crack. There is no fucking way that the album is better than Get Your Shit out dj. Hell no. Y'all tripping man. College Dropout Fire but College Dropouts not better than graduation. Which one got father stretching my hands. Pause. That's Will Pop Pop. That album was hard. Fucking they not love that album.


I don't even wanna argue that but y'all nigga Strip that fucking Waves with Chris Brown. No it's Heat on that album. Every Kanye album is is crazy. The later ones don't count. How many of us, how many then what? My beautiful God Twisted Fantasy bro has too many songs. It got too many fucking, it has too many elite songs. Fucking goddamn All the hardest verses is from everybody else. Y'all Gotta do the best song from Ross From the album Him on Devil in the Red Dress. He didn't write that verse. That's Pusha T Devil in the Red Dress. Ross killed him. But that's an elite song though. Jay-Z killed him on Appall Inside Hot killed him. Nick. Yeah, Nicki Minaj killed him on Monster like I mean but I feel, I'm not saying that Kanye had the best performances, but I'm saying saying the album is amazing.


I'm saying the album was hard but it just like on that life of Pablo nigga, he was in his bag again nigga. Yeah he was just back to yay and he and he outra Kendrick on 30 hours. Yeah that Father stretched my hands Up. Not 30 hours, no more parts of la. Excuse Me. That's what I opened up with on the instrumental this time. That's crazy. And I don't wanna talk about that big sense. But the Damian Littler father stretch my hands over PG is one of the hardest basketball clips of all. I didn't know until recently one that passed that.


Do you see the play with like Lucas stole the ball and Kyrie threw the The Upta Derrick Jones Jr. It's an edit for that. That's crazy. Too raw for sure. Beautiful. Remember we having too much fun. We gotta get the fuck up outta here. Be here. Tell people they can grab some merch at Man This is here Rap Shop club five twenty.com And that's a gospel song too by the way. For sure. You can play that on nobody church the real pregame or To the bitch. I ain't gonna say same time. Hey late registration was kind of decent too though. No late registration is fire. I don't know. My Twisted Kanye don't have a bad but my beat album is hard. Album is hard but I'm College Dropout. Just set the staple for different Music. What? It's Cindy Lee album bro. For different music though nigga. So I ain't mad at Jeff, I've been working this grave shit.


Shit. Now if you gonna go on verses then he never had the best verses on that C. Either I could and he was getting watched by Niggas didn't work. Fucking Mike's car watch right now. Hell Know but none of those was ever Kanye verses he's just the best artist ever. Yeah Bro that's We ain't never, we ain't going off his verse it's just going off. No like when it all falls down one of the greatest songs ever Made. That was so sad for me. That's like, that's the only level of Tupac Dear Mama and Brenda had a baby. I can't listen to that shit. Shit That song is so fire. I don't be, that music video is crazy now knowing that Stacey Dash and Stacey Dash. Yeah the only depressed music I listen to is Rod Wave, bro. But all false album shit all false now is one of my best songs ever created Bro. That's so sad bro. Man that's scaring the Ho and that what's up.


What else on that album go to that album real quick. Which one? College Dropout. That was my shit. College Dropout got hit bro. That's What I'm saying. He started that was the polo book bag. Love Two words. Fuck you pay me. Alright come on Bro. It really is a trendsetter bro. That shit was Hard Got bro. You got A pie bro. You outta we could, I don't, I listen bro saying bro we can talk about Kanye all day. Rick Ross Discography would be better than his. You are smoking crack. What name? Rick Ross does not have a better album than Drop his fired every what? What is the argument? What did he say? Just I said that if Kanye West would've stopped after even life of Pablo, he would've have the best music discography ever. Oh there's not too many albums that would have in a row that you could say to fuck with Kanye.


He doesn't have a bad album in that stretch. Worse, even if you're going off, yeasts will be the weakest one out of there. It still is a crazy ass album and 8 0 8 and Heartbreaks is crazy. He got a better catalog than The Ho. The album ain't gonna bring him up. Yes, No DJ you Let's go, let's go, let's go album for album. You wild. Nah, dj. Yes. Let's go album for album while we here. Let's do it. Hell nah dj, I can't give you that film. I'll say I'll send a legend on this one bro. I don't mind. Go album for album bro. He's Technically rank number three. Who won Kanye West run The Jewels? Technically I'm saying technically, But who's two then?


Because that might be Reese more Kendrick. Nah, hell nah. Kendrick ain't missing. No, His album was don't like all his albums though. That first one was fired. Yeah. Oh. Raw Swimming pools is still my shit. So Reasonable doubt. Hey man. Nah in my lifetime. See that's the problem in my lifetime Company Money Trees Too. Money Trees has the J Rock has the top five feature of Club record. Yeah, That's a top five feature of all time bro. But if you just start after the dynasty to the blueprint, best of both worlds kind of ass. It is. Yes it is. But the blueprint too. Blueprint Now Listen Blueprint is one of the greatest rap albums of all time. So is the Black album but the Blueprint two is not fucking with late registration.


I like This list better. It got JZ number one. It is bro. I'm not mad at je hobo. I'm stand to me. I'm going, I'm going Kanye Still three then they got Nas at four. Who's two? That's crazy. That Nas at four. Who's two? Hold on. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Cast got nice discography. I'm not mad at that at all. Don't ever pass over Nas like that. No, all Says I've never Listened Nas. Really? NA's albums are really fire bro. Ludacris has a better style for than Nas. I swear to God he don't bro. I swear to God I'll get off the No, no Nas really? Na is Ludacris a better rapper than Nas? Don't Do that. No, I'm, I dunno.


Cube Is five Cube Cube is Five Cube got her albums though. Cube albums is nice. Yeah bro. And he wrote all the NW shit. He definitely should be like Na got a fantasies Black women, Jake nah ain't got nah Don't got no fantasies all here we go Lil Chris Fantasies. Here we go. You said N got Wally Wally. Ooh Chi Now they got Splash Waterfall. Come on bro. Your niggas Oie Wally. Wally is crazy. That shit was horrible. MarTech Best the whole fucking song. Oie Wally is Definitely scared. That ain't bro. The fuck that Is the Phoenix weather for the cooch. A hundred percent. I was really expecting Drake to be on this list Somewhere.


Which is crazy that he's not. 'cause it should be Up there. Yeah. Yeah he should be. Oh he he's 34. Oh I I'm damn. But yeah, I'm taking finishes over Uie Wallace. Man he crazy Bro. No bro. Y'all went out Chris you went outside. Records For the hose is crazy. That's all he make is working for the hose bro. I know. And Lu Chris, How about Ludacris got better features too. He was a feature God bro. Feature God on Records. Maybe this a conversation is crazy bro. I'm I'm not about to talk to him about Lu Chris and fucking nah bro. It's not even people don't even take Ludicrous serious bro. He's an actor bro. Stop bro. The Versatility. If you in the club are you gonna hear Ludacris or no nigga stop bro.


Luie, she bang bang. You Don't wanna hear none of that shit. I don't wanna, I wanna the fuck bitch. I don't wanna hear that shit nigga. I ain't motherfucker Probably and I like Ludacris. I don't know why y'all got me shitting on him. I actually, I'm a fan of Ludacris but like I used to like that nigga albums bro. Actually nigga word of mouth was one of my top 20 Albums. Drop drop one mic in the club. All I need is one mic one. Fuck y'all. We out stage my face on the front page only if I have one. Oh man. One girl with one crib, one girl show the things the sun did Pure. Like a couple version Blood. The Volume


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes Business software can't talk to other programs. But odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use OO because they save you money. Oo, makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@oo.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks.


Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


Vitamin Water was born in New York City because New Yorkers needed a drink that can do it all. 'cause we can do it all. Like walk 30 blocks and under an hour. Follow four of the sports teams at once and spend all day in the Chinatown arcade. Drink Weidman Water. It's from New York.


You know that vibe when you're rolling in your all new Camry and you and wifey aren't seeing eye to eye. Woo. That's icy. Well here's what you do. Here's the available 12.3 inch multimedia touchscreen to pull up you all's favorite crooners. Woo. The minute she hears that high note floating from the available JBL premium audio. Aw baby. You'll know you just went from icy to thawed out. The vibe just shifted for the better with the all new Camry. Toyota. Let's go places.