
Man, listen. Traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staring the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah. Traveling sometimes when they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, spots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job Easier for sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified. Ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man. It was perfect. Out to Airbnb, how you feel about the tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great.


Hey there. Terrain Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from Quaker International Delight, OCOS, Lalo, Starbucks, and Frosted Flakes for quick breakfast favorites. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine oo du has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't oo sound amazing? Let Du harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@oo.com. That's o doo.com.


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop In Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold onto that sweet simmer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, whoa. When she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the Stable Boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa to whoa. Amazon books that reading feeling awaits


The Volume. Alright, we back at the episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells on this lovely Sunday afternoon. Hopefully I went to church. You know what I'm saying? Nope. We know. We didn't even have to ask. We talking about left my dog Bishop. Be here out the prayer. Least how you what? Nasty. Cool and nasty. Let's get to it baby. Today's a good day. On Sunday they Been asking man, when you going back your return they, they see the, the drum reel. You know what I'm saying? You, you talented obviously when you gonna back your return to Oh yeah, I got No, no, I really do. Got some shit dropped. We just all in the tuck. Oh yeah. We finna You dropping a beat album? Yeah, it is. It is the gospel album on the way. Yeah. I got some reels that's getting mixing master right now.


Damn. You know what I'm saying? Kanye did it. Gospel album. Why can't you a Hundred percent Same person. Alright. My dog, young Nacho Yourt. I call Mace but Okay, strike boy. Go. Don't introduce it Young Nacho. How you what man? I'm chilling bro. I don't these, I swear to God, I don't know why I got these on these weak, but I got 'em off for some reason. Damn. Y'all fuck with them? Nah, I don't even fuck with these. Really? But you say you still want the the og. I need the original. Yeah. Damn Them is cold though. But these was really about to though though though that was the one of the pairs that I was that sat. I remember walking the finish line months later and getting them just 'cause they were sitting in there.


Damn 'em sad. Yeah, that was the time. Wow. It was right before Covid hit. For real. For real. I remember going in random finish lines and cleaning up and getting fours and getting infrared sixes. They were in stores on chilling on StockX. They was high as hell. But if you went in a store and bought a shoe, you could get those shoes for retail. Damn. All about damn them raw to me. Yeah. Next year your shoe's gonna be crazy. Yeah, they gonna be dropping all the heat they're dropping. Yeah, bro. Every, every month it's multiple pairs of like fucking classics that's coming out. Yeah. That's hard man. If you want some heat, you better save your fucking money. But hey, shout out to team USA holding it down. You know what I'm saying? We gonna give him a good clap. Shout out. He's not, he don't fuck with the country like that. Nah, I dude, that was y'all nigga.


I checked y'all about that shit. Ooh. I ain't never said I didn't want him to win. I didn't say I And whoever you said thumbnail for the last episode is absolutely hilarious too. Yeah, because I didn't say that. I was like, y'all some fucking dicks for that because like, I'm hating. I said I if they would've lost it would've been great content. That episode did numbers. It did because y'all was, had people go there thinking I was, it was funny because they clipped it while I was like, oh that's a, that's a fines shout to us. Manipulate that. That was a straight finesse because I was, that was straights. It would've been a great day for content if they would've lost somehow. Somehow said Jeff wants him to look one of them to lose. That's crazy shit.


I looked, I said man what? I was Crack like get out the country. That for real. Yeah. I forget people. He needs to leave the country. What you talking about? I didn't say that. When I looked at, I saw punching, I said, oh shit. I'm like, man, we, we going crazy today. Fuck it. Hey man. Ba shout to you know what I'm saying? Team USA. Both sides getting on goals. You know what I'm saying? Ladies held it down today. Got close shit. Got real spooky. Who the ladies, yeah, they who they play? They play friends. Oh yeah. So they did play, they both play friends. Swept the friends teams up outta here real quick. And yeah, y'all should definitely probably look into having, you know what I'm, I'm saying a little bit more firepower because it don't, y'all almost lost today.


I almost lost today. But the demands almost lost too. But you know what happened? Steph fucking curry, man. Hey shit, I've been feeling like this for the last couple years but you can't tell me. It's a better point guard ever than Steph Curry man. Yeah. It ain't, you respect to magic, but you can't tell me there's a better point guard than Steph ever. 17 three pointers and two games is crazy in the Olympics. Yeah. Unlimited minutes too. Yeah, he, he did his thing. Shout to Aton man you finally, you finally got to the Paris. You've been here for a couple weeks nigga. But we ain't seen this one. Yeah, them last two games, bro. That was raw. They needed him though. That's solidified his legacy. I would say getting every, every, yeah doing that. Having the moments in the Olympics. The whole world.


Because see, I mean every, the whole world watch basketball anyway. But for that stage, that moment for him to be great, that solidify his legacy as the best playing guard ever. He can retire now. I mean shit, he, he gonna keep playing. I'm Saying like he gonna keep playing. But I'm saying if he said fuck it today, he cool Got straight, he got his finals. MVP, he got Olympic goal, he got everything. He ain't no accolade. He don't got, I gotta ask, I mean coming from your type of protectors at this point, if he's already had, you know what I'm saying? The championships at one point, do you care about that shit? Because I mean I don't, I don't know what you could say even before this that you could say a flaw in him. Like do you care after all that stuff, shit, I ain't, I ain't been as successful as him so I don't know what's his motivation. Me, I wouldn't have gave a fuck a minute ago.


Once I got the two max deals, I was, I was solidified. I was solidified. But for him he probably got a different motivation. That's why he is who he is is so he might be like, damn I need another ring. I need another this. I need another that shit. I would've been cool with two rings and two max deals. Man, listen, he already, two years ago he'd have been straight. What? And it is crazy 'cause we all have solidified like we know there's not a better person to have ever shot a fucking basketball to stiff. Nah. And nobody will argue that. And like like you said, having an accomplishments, this is just like he could still kill for another two to three years like this. Oh yeah. He going to, if he get another, if he get another ring at step out five, he already, He in the top five bro.


He best point guard ever Top five player all the time with five rings. He yeah, he gonna be in that mix. If he get another ring, he get another ring he got, I just don't see too many people better than him. Yeah. He in my top five, He get another ring. He definitely up there with Kobe now. Mm. Like he gonna be like me Kobe. I mean that's, I was gonna say look, I know Nick stance is crazy though. I mean for sure. Yeah. I'm not putting him up there or that high. But I, I'm saying like that's a different realm but five players is kind of, But they going, I'm saying math to us but I think the generation younger before us and a little bit after that they might feel that way because they all get to get to see Oh Yeah they are.


They definitely lived through steps Reign. Yeah They are. We like one of the only generations that really like Seen everybody. Yeah Like value Jordan. Yeah, like These kids. But When I say these, he really know LeBron. When I say mirror Kobe, I'm saying because of the five rings and stuff. But like I'm saying, 'cause Kobe top five and some people got Kobe like the fifth, fourth and I'm like the getting the top five, he gotta be Yeah, just as good as Kobe. I mean Jordan, Bryan, Kobe, who else That's high? What? LeBron Jordan. Kobe, I'm I was just saying you can switch The one or two, however your preface, but I'm, I'm taking Kobe third then I got like Timmy D sometimes you got whoop, sometimes you got magic. Sometimes people like, so yeah, if I got Kobe three, then Steph definitely in there 'cause I got him better than magic.


But especially if he won another ring. Yeah. Guy put Kareem up there. Kareem in there. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's a, I mean it's a hell of a argument for short. If that be another ring, bro, that's, I'm cool on Kareem. But that's y'all. That's y'all fever. You know how I feel about big's respect. But that gotta be in my top five. Yeah. I'm a guard so I got a different level of like love. Yeah. For smaller players. Yeah. And I ain't grow with niggas trying to hoop like Kareem. No disrespect. That's 'cause no bike. So let's, let's, let's, let's scratch the accolades. Let's just say like top five. Top five, like yo top five. Like niggas that just hoop. All right. Mix up bro. Kobe, Jordan, I, I gotta put Steph and then pH just niggas that hoop.


Yeah. Boy that's tough. I would, damn, I would take that four and probably throw Shaq in there just from my personal, Hey I'm throwing KG in mine. I'm gonna go Mike, Brian, Kobe, Steph and probably Shaq. Yeah I probably got the same one as dj. Yeah I would say Shaq and if I didn't go Shaq, I rode a dice and say Kevin Durant. 'cause it's not too many people that you can just watch it play basketball like that. I mean I know we getting all over the place but for me I, that's how I feel about stuff like watching that ending of that game. Like he's taking these shots in a one of the most important stages in his fucking profession.


You know what? And he's sidestepping niggas laughing bro. That's dur Crazy. Kevin. I ain't mean to cut you off. Kevin Durant is better than all down to me if we talking about strictly hoop man. I know. I, I I feel a way about KD too. Oh kds one of my favorite players too. Yeah. Come on Y'all. Y'all. Y'all said my favorite thing too. Y'all got rid of the accolades. I'm tweaking. Yeah, just Yeah. Kevin the ranch better than everybody. I like KD too. I don't know about everybody part but I feel you when you take them accolades out bro. I'd rather say Of course. Who? Who? He not better than None of the top three Pure Hooping. Nah, he boo. Kevin Durran better than Kobe bro. Oh nah. Yeah. Not pure hooping. They're gonna come for you. I don't give a fuck about nobody on YouTube. Not pure hooping.


Like if I wanted to build a player I'd build Kevin Durant. Right. That's What I'm saying. But like the production, nah. Well do you mean the production, the efficiency Kobe? Nah, I mean he's the one of the most efficient players ever. Kevin Durant. But Kobe gotta bring up how they got the rings. Kobe had More niggas wanted to be like Kobe the impact. I get that part. I'm just talking about straight basketball. A nigga seven foot that don't, that don't have no flaw in his offensive bag. It's crazy bro. It Is crazy. He shoots better than Kobe Bryant bro. He do shoot better than Kobe. Mm. His handle is better than Kobe Bryant bro. His pull up is better than Kobe Bryant bro.


No, His pull up not better than Yeah it is bro. Pull up three bro. KD pull up three T Me like the midi Nah the pull up three KD is is retarded bro. Bro he is Better asleep. Three point he had better three point shooter Off the dribble and catching a shooter. He not a better post player. He's not. Who's a better defender? KD Kobe a better defender than kd. Sweet bro. See that's going, that's the a really good argument because you know how many Kobe is a better defender. Kobe defensive accolades but also the things that Kevin, the red being able to be like a big and switch like some decision that work with gold say because it's defensive like versatility. That's a hell of a conversation. I think most people probably go with Kobe on defense on that one. I fucking love Kevin Durant for us. But like he, he is Kobe bro bro he lead bro.


But he give me the same like he the prototype. Like if a player you wanna make on 2K, like him and Paul George like you'll be like I wanna make Paul George, he six eight got handles da da da. But it's just like, it's something that Kobe had that was the Dog. That's it. Kobe's dog is way more than fucking Kevin Durant and Hundred. And I think that means, that means like a lot determination. Yeah. Like it Does Termination being attribute. But now Gonna say you just naturally a killer like that bro. It's kind of, I'm just a, I'm just quiet bro. You loud bro. But he wasn't even loud. He just was like was loud. His presence was felt like You saw those practices bro. Yeah that nigga sucked bro.


That's what I'm Saying. K. You just wanted to practice the hoop Bro. That's what I'm saying. It's a difference. They ain't got enough for me here Rob. It just, it's just a difference bro. Kobe is fucking hilarious. It's a difference bro. This niggas fucking suck. It's just different I guess it's just different bro. I'm not gonna pass you ball because he's not gonna catch you. I mean but fuck we argue about the greatest people to ever play basketball. I guess so. Yeah niggas. Oh yeah. It ain't really no just preferences really. There ain't no slight or none. All my conversation I'm bringing on Mike 1 0 1 bag. Who? Who got the better? One Steph or PG? 1 0 1. 1 0 1 bag is pg bro. Steph bro. You just see this shit he was doing yesterday bro. Bro. Because he just throws that bitch up bro. You can't say that when he do it all the time.


Sound like PG right now. Bad shot. Nah, nah, nah. I'm just saying nah, every shot Steph take is a good shot. A hundred percent 'cause that's what he do on a normal, what I'm saying is give you the ball. It just look better bro. You hate niggas that can't. It ain't really, you know it don't look good. So I'm surprised you even saying Steph. Steph game looks great. Paul like He one-on-one Steph What I'm saying It is so hard to guard Steph. 'cause soon as he do this your hand going up. No. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm so, I'm saying he Pg got it bro. He got more in the arsenal that you would look at be like damn that was that. That move was cold bro. He don't, Steph don't have as many moves offensively as Pg. He don't got to. He don't got to. I understand but I'm saying he has more.


I get that y'all like that's just like comparing the motherfucker to Clay Thompson shooting Clay could just catching shooting get motherfucking a hundred points. It don't Matter. I'm saying Steph do that shit off the dribble. Clay don't really do his shit off the dribble like Steph, we just watched Steph dribble in a circle. Nah, Steph got crazy And throw the ball up. He like what the fuck bro? What he did to the clippers was so disrespectful bro. Bro. Yeah. Disrespecting PG highlights. I'm not PG Cole too. I'm saying one on one he cold but I'm like PG can shoot he get to his spots. He got game, he got all that. But I'm just like Steph shoot the ball so good. Anytime he do like this, your hands going. You damn near going jump like you like yo. Shit I give you that in the final five.


I get that. But just playing one-on-one bro one. Now Think about it. If you got a pre like he's still quick enough he still can get by. You still get to the rack and shit. But you guard me at half court just 'cause of my back. You just going to shoot If if if they didn't have to go to the hole, like if you just shut off PG like big boy and Steph, I think he could beat him in a one-on-one game bro. Oh yeah. I mean PG could beat him One-on-one. He could just post it. That's what No no I'm just saying not even going down in the post. I'm talking about nigga you cannot post Steph up one-on-one Just all mixed Midy. Yes. Shit. I mean shit I I wouldn't doubt it bro. His game and I understand what you're saying bro.


The way that Paul George drums a basketball been like Court bro it's crazy. It's fluid as fuck. It's crazy. I'm saying he could shoot over stuff. He could beat him one-on-one. But I'm talking about like scratch them playing one-on-one. I'm saying like if you put them in a gym man you get a defender it gonna be all time Defender like you don't get the ball, you just gotta score like they just working on that game. Steph, Curry is going to fry niggas more than PG is gonna fry. Nigga like PG going to do it. Yeah Steph, Curry will fry run our test Like just nigga 'cause you gotta like and it's gonna be demoralizing. You right. Every time he puff fake nigga you damn near got up go for it like You gonna flinch. Yeah Paul George you might punk fake sometime and be like shit I'm gonna give you a shot. I like, I give Paul George a shot like you go to the three I'm gonna lay contest.


I can't lay contest with Steph. You see this nigga shooting number two niggas Man. Yeah nah shit crazy. I agree The jump to go to sleep is the funniest shit of all time bro. He that's why it's so funny 'cause it's so disrespectful but it's amazing. You can't knock it. It's the best shit ever. Like nigga I've been there before. The island is different bro. Oh no you can that island bro From experience, I've been on that island. My boy got PTSD in this conference. I've been on that island bro. I ain't Going against what he done visually seen. I'm just saying like on some one-on-one shit to me I just feel like P g's one-on-one bag is deeper than Steph's. That's all It might be. But I'm just saying like That's all I was saying like his Ability to shoot that basketball make him unguardable almost.


Yeah. Yeah bro. Shout out to Steph man. It was dope. You know what I'm saying? To see this Olympic team, you know what I'm saying? Get the goal. I think like you said kind of the end in the era you can see LeBron Steph, kd. Yeah. Now we gonna usher in the new era of people coming up into the team. I wonder, like you said the reception we talked about last episode of what the younger generation in America feels like representing the country. How they gonna feel about what's transpire with the limited minutes and things of that nature if you still have the interest. But I think next Olympics I seen some of the people I'm gonna go through that they have, you know what I'm saying? There's potential being on the squad next year and I'm like well next go around such a guard spot. You got Ja, Anthony Edwards, Devon Booker, Don Mitchell, k Cunningham. I don't see the last two being on the team. Maybe KI could see K being on there but I don't know about Donvan Mitchell in four years from now forwards you got Jason Tatum, Zion be Carroll, Jayla Williams Cooper Flag and then your two bigs is Ben and Chet Hung man Trevor Drawing board.


Oh yes sir We in trouble after I seen Weby cry yesterday. Yeah he on that. Yeah. Have we had that good ass team and they barely beat em. We in trouble. Yeah it it took a Steph Curry super saying moment to close that out 'cause they were playing very well. Yeah we in Trouble. Y'all need some, some D Wade type niggas, some Chris Paul type niggas. Yeah I don't what that list. Yeah we gonna have to revamp that. We gonna be spooky. Y'all Need a Tyson Chandler, we Spooky bro Type nigga like well First and foremost we need to get Steve Ker don't you wear another flag Olympic nothing for another eight years. He does not need to be the coach in this go around. I mean bro, the way, the way this Olympics is hell Mutombo could be our coach way.


I just let niggas go country for country That's real. So that on the coach don't even matter If the kid aint won This one. Come on to Gonna win it next time though. Won be too. He he he gonna be different. He nasty bro. He's gonna be the one the next two Bro. He was killing, He was killing like fucking killing bro. Imagine him four years from now bro. He's going to be filthy bro. Yeah I just that that squad, I ain't mad at that 'cause I, I think Paolo Ben Curl is the truth. Ah he, he's for sure. Maybe it's just the names we so spoiled with niggas names Legacy We gotta get, we gotta get new stars y'all.


That's what, that's all we boil down to bro. We have to get all new stars now. Unfortunately. Like we think the real, not the the real stars but the biggest stars in the NBA, a lot of them are for we gotta get new stars. That's what it boil down to. We do got all four stars bro. Right. Ja and Anthony Edwards in a bad court. Is it though for FBA though? I nigga Anthony Edwards is a Feba player. I'm saying Anthony Edwards code But is Ja good for pba? We gotta let him see We don't, he don't shoot. I'm saying he can't shoot but he don't really shoot. It's more of a athletic base game with him and it ain't like that in Fibo Rules. That paints smaller. Yeah paints smaller. They they could play zone, they could do all that shit. Yeah we need to see him on the, on the FBA team.


See Yeah. Gotta see how he playing. Niggas Gotta do them Trials because I seen niggas like I seen Kimba and pba, I seen D Rose and PBA and shit like that. And they just not the same player. Like they good still but they just not the same player that they are named. How old is Paul George Right now he's 30 and Paul Jr. Is 35 would not be on 34. Nah, he ain't that old. No, he like 34. He would not be on that In 2010. He would not be on that 20 20 18. Nah, he got drafted at 2010. Yeah bro. Yeah He old. He like 34. Speaking of Hall of Fame too, drew Holiday. Gotta be in the hall of Fame. Yeah, gotta be. That's a good gotta guy got gotta be bro. Kyle. Kyle Lowry gonna make it too so Drew definitely gonna make it. Oh yeah definitely.


I didn't even know that Good call TI Don't even like how you just throw that in there. But I, I'm not gonna hate today Jack Floor hate today. Multiple time All Star Speak don't But why you, why would you say Drew holiday's name and immediately say Kyle Ry right After I was not expecting it Because I'm just, they they just kind of re they don't got the same career but they remind me of each other. They just win they winners, they both do the little shit in the game. Oh man Kyle gotta come on the show. This nigga hates Kyle. I think Drew I think Drew better. I don't hate him anymore. He come from Toronto. I think Drew a better player but of course that's all. That's all I needed. That's good. No Cal Ari is a killer bro. He used to kill with Ano. He used to.


I'm like bro, him and the Rosa are You all fuck with DeMar Rosa like fuck with DeMar. I used to kill bro. Bro that means Was winning 50 plus games every Year. Yeah he did. I hated watching it bro. Nobody has ever said damn, I'm about to go watch Kyle LA today. Like that nigga used to kill bro. I when you had the guard used to be like he about to do all that playing dirty shit. Yeah and nobody wanna watch that. All that shit. Shit. Man, come on bro. That shit was nigga going playoffs that took like five charges and Effective though Bro. Yeah bro. I know it Is. Ain't my nigga sneak in a like 20 on your ass? He would. No he ain't got a bird. He just didn't wanna watch that shit. Shout guy, we can move on. I just love that he said That you niggas ain't never been out. We got a Kyle jersey on ever in your life.


I don't wear basketball jerseys. That's y'all swag. I ain't gonna ask what Jersey you do wear There? What? Ryer bg. Alright. Faru not today. Bg. I need one. What's what what color does she go to? Who? Baylor. She went to Baylor? Yeah. I wouldn't wear a Baylor jersey. Okay Mike, look that up. See how much one of them is The five 20 budget On everything. If we could, if we could buy our word next show $74. Oh yeah, I'm in there. I wear one. Is it a black one? Yep. Say listen. Oh man I can't wait for that.


That shit we Iso You. Right. All them cameras go right there. What number did she wear? 42 14 42 James Posey four, two. So it was, That's crazy. You went to James Posey? James Posey were 42. 41 41. Yeah, I would say yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey. But one thing I love about international basketball is that everybody, you know what I'm saying, come back to their teams a little bit better. Especially playing with good players. I did laugh at all the means. They was like, damn, LeBron 80 going back to hoop when they playing with and they just had all the crime memes and shit. Like, damn, I gotta go play with these sad niggas now. Like I've been playing with all these good ass fans. I I seen one. They was like Step wake up this Dre minor wig. He was like, fuck.


I was like, that was funny. That was funny. But that shit funny. That ain't stupid. Internet's stupid. The internet is crazy, man, because they had LeBron 80 shit and they were just like, damn, I just played with Steph now I gotta go fuck with Gabe Vincent like, shout out to Gabe. That's my dog. But like that's, that's not fair man. It ain't bro, that shit funny though. But I like that everybody come back with a good energy. I I'm, I'm excited to see what niggas gonna do next year. You know what I'm saying? Going back to their respective team.


Summer is heading into the bottom of the ninth with football season coming in hot. Don't let those hot summer vibes hit the bench. Change the game and elevate your every day with Via. Via gives you the freedom to blaze your own trail and get fully legal hemp and cannabis products discreetly shipped to your door in all 50 states. That new training schedule hitting you hard via relief line designed to support your relaxation and restoration is the idea companion to level up your post gym recovery and alleviate those aches and pains from years and wears and tear on the field vis organic flour is grown carefully and rigorously tested to ensure the highest quality free from harsh pesticides or nasty chemicals via also well renowned for the award-winning TAC and TAC free gummies premium indoor THCA flour, soothing topicals and calming drops all crafted with the highest quality hemp source from trusted independently owned American farmers trusted by a number of professional athletes at the top of their game and over half a million happy customers. Their wellness needs Via is the brand everyone's raving about. If you're 21 and over, check out the link to via in our description and use the Code Club five 20 to receive 15% off after you purchased the ads where you heard about them. Please, please, please tell 'em you heard it from our show Club five 20 cent. You prioritize your recovery, enhance your everyday with Via, Hey listen in. Look. You know what I'm saying? The vibe pack touchdown. You got yours a little bit earlier. What you rocking with so far? The pack was decent so far for what I tried, but the high love after 12:00 AM is the real high Love what that got going on here. All the fresh Experience for sure, bro. This is, this is the best one. Some, some, some nice little ingredients in there for sure. Yeah, it turned me up. Also, we try the sativa gummies. Those elevated me as well For sure man. Real pre-game. The real Speaking of Elevate, I rock with the Pacific Peach joints just right here. You know what I'm saying? After long day kick your feet up, know what I'm saying? Little d and d on your phone get you right back to it. But listen man, we want y'all to try these. Click the link in the bio user promo code club five 20 15% off your first order. Tell us how you feel about 'em. Then also you gotta tell him how you feel about that Strawberry Crush. That's for sure. Also for my vegan lovers Via is all vegan and gluten free. So tap in. There you have it


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from K craft singles, Keebler, Triscuit, Ziploc, and helmets for lunchbox surprises. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold onto that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


With millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's After Learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century Viking is different to Luna's, who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies, which is also different to Jerome's. His eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from to to haha. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Oh hey, we are invited to the Johnson Summer Pool party this Saturday. I said we'd bring our famous potato salad Oh Saturday. But that's when the blinds guys come in to give us a quote. Those appointments take forever. Oh yeah. I meant to tell you, I already found everything we need@blinds.com. They're totally online so we don't have to wait around all day. Just to get a quote, I talked to a blinds.com designer and they're sending us free samples. Oh blinds.com I've heard of them. Yeah, they've been around for over 25 years. But not everyone knows. They can also handle the measuring and installation for a fraction of what the other guys charge. Plus they have a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Well blinds.com sounds like a no-brainer. Guess I'll cancel Already done that gives you time to make the potato salad. Yes, dear Shop blinds.com now for summer savings up to 40% off. Save up to 40 percent@blinds.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


They did drop the Christmas Day games, which I am a little surprised at, but shit, the first game is win versus Nicks. So they about to have Wendy at the Garden on Christmas Day and Oh that's a show? Yeah, that, that, that might get ugly for the Knicks one time. Hell. Oh nah. He might have a historic moment on him Bro. Nah, he might have 40, they gonna lose about 40 though. I That's, I didn't say he win. I said historic moment shit. He might get 50 but he definitely might take the l I'm, we definitely not shown on the Spurs roster By means that might be in the script for him to kill. That'd be fire. Next game you got Minnesota and Dallas. That's gonna be a fire game. That's A good game. Oh yeah. Where they play at? We be na ass at Dallas. Mm much nice at. Yeah we smoking now At Dallas. They gotta, you know what I'm saying, get they get back. That's a dub midday game. Is Philly at Boston?


Mm Good game. Philly at Boston. I like it. Philly At Boston? Yeah. No sir. No sir. Okay. Okay. And then the other game you got LA at Golden State which I think is fire. What time does that start? That's the second to last game. So that'll probably be the eight o'clock game. I'll probably be asleep. I'll snoop be eating so. Damn that's suspend block time that late? Yeah, y'all suspend the block market Too outta respect. And then the last you got Denver in the Suns? Yeah, I'm definitely not gonna see that game. I won't be watching that one. Yeah, I'm not locked in. I won't make it to that. Yeah. Nah, that's the game. I'll definitely be. Yeah I won't Make, I won't, I'm watching movie. They Gonna have a good year though this year. The Suns? Yeah.


Yeah. I think they'll be much better this year. Hell but I ain't gonna Be out for that one. I'm surprised Milwaukee didn't get a Christmas Game. Yeah, I seen Giannis but no. Well who y'all gonna play in this lot? Them? I'm surprised that they put Weby at the Knicks. Yeah. I don't know. I mean I don't, I guess, I mean you gotta start marketing now. Yeah, The rebrand is on the way. You Gotta start walking new now. I guess I gotta Find some new NBA stars but yeah, I'm pretty shocked that they ain't have Damien Giannis in the Christmas because that probably would've been that Nick Milwaukee game right there. But they wouldn't, wouldn't be to take that slot. Shit. I mean it is gonna get more eyes on it though. I mean no disrespect to Milwaukee. They probably should have been in that slot for sure. But more people would definitely will wanna see Win game.


You got a chip on their shoulder though? Who? Milwaukee. Oh yeah, don't worry. Yeah. Yeah I got, that's my favorite. Say Boston. Nah, I said Boston. Yeah but I got them going to the Eastern Conference finals against Boston, Milwaukee? Yeah. They get anybody on their team who ain't on A A RP. They go kick y'all ass. See TJ gonna be banned for walking Five one. That's all I'm talking about. All I remember that's what Y'all gonna be, y'all gonna be ass next year Because nah they had my nigga Tyree fucked up coming back. Right. They took that nigga in confidence bro. Tyrese gonna be at, he gonna struggle next year. Hey did you see Tyree and Edwards getting out the, the, the Sprinter saw he was there for the vibes bro on the trip. Oh when it was snowing he was bla sure.


Yeah Bro it got snowing in Paris man. He just here for the vibes, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. His Confidence shot. Nah, nah we straight. He ain't, he ain't on that. He is like I'm good. I know I come back to nap possibly. Oh Yeah he he he been his bars. Hey act like Soldier. That's Why he was Okay. Word for word Bar for watching. Nah, that's crazy. Let me's cool bro. You can, you can See I we seeing why soldier be snapping on these niggas. Motherfuckers are like yeah hell he talk that shit. I'm like crying looking like that shit 40 as fuck. I'm like damn that shit sound familiar motherfucker Let's And we got four Chop she can get some gotta be Soja boy now.


I said damn that shit, that shit sound familiar. Nigga I saw out was crying. I said he's out of pocket bro. If my nigga was a rapper I'd been oh Man. I said damn ghost writer. I feel like Little Yachty shit. Damn That was for you Corey Miller team Miller. I was like damn he just took my shit ran with it. That's cool. Ah Dale shout out to my pg he out here play Juza. Yeah y'all gonna be Terrible. Nah we straight. Don't worry about it. We gonna be offending with team next year we up But nah, I was going through that list of Christmas day games so I was thinking about some of the like the fire ones in the past. I was like the the best part about the NBA getting better.


Everybody, you know what I'm saying, getting their own brands is that you got all the teams like a lot of good, there's a lot of good teams next year. Like it's a lot even with the young teams, everybody got they own perspective teams and whips. But I was just like it was having them moments and them Christmas day games and stuff like that was always fire to see. And a couple came up at, first one I seen was the, the Bulls in Lakers joint. Where D Rose got that that game winner? No the floater. The floater? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah that was on the lockout. That was the first game out of the lockout. Damn there or the second game. 'cause we wast doing the lockout. He came back and hit that shot to stop the, to start the season though. That was a memorable game for sure. Yeah that shit was crazy that we was watching before we got out here. Dros got a hella crazy like highlights like crazy, crazy highlights like that. The two hit on Drive is still one of my favorite D ROEs High writes crazy.


That's a pause out this world. But yeah that pause He did a nigga like that in high school too. Same way. That's crazy. Y'all on a fast break. Yep He did A nigga just like that in high school. That D Rose highlights. It's crazy. I'm on about 20 of them bitches every time they, I'm like god damn quit show these nigga highlights bro because I be on the motherfuckers all the time. Every time they pull up game three they be like hey ask he about this bro talking about this every why I fuck D be talking about that shit. I see what the fuck going on. I'm like every time they show his MVP run I pop up. I'm like why the fuck Did the Hawks ever have a holiday game? But what's Funnier is the MLK day.


It was always a randomness team in Memphis. Like they was like listen's. It's Atlanta and Memphis nigga he from, he got killed in Memphis. He from 11 like let's celebrate talking Martin Luther King with the Memphis team. They'd be like 10 25. We always, we always played on MLK day every time. That's crazy. That's racist. Where's that nigga from? He from Atlanta. From right to Yale. Yeah he from Atlanta. This nigga talk about hey man Mike, Mike more corporate. I wanted to start this live sheet. You wanted to start This live shit get on your end. This shit be swift. Good job babe.


Good job hit me today my boy. Hey but also another fire ass Christmas game that Cavs Warriors game that Hell yeah. Was it when Kyrie hit the shot? Yeah the turn around. Yeah. Was that on Quay? I think Quay was. I believe so. Yeah. That was a crazy ass game though 'cause it was mul and they was just going back and forth. It was like a crazy Kevin Love got Yam on and LeBron. Yeah, yeah that was, yeah Brian got the fast break dunk. Yeah I remember that game then. That was a, that was a new look warrior too. Yeah that's it's not too many teams that are beat that worst team with kd. Man I don't care what none of these OGs be saying respect to their opinions And I understand you gotta hold your, your team down your era. But it ain't too many teams that was beating them bro.


Not with kd. Nah bro. They was too different bro. That was cheating. That cheating ass team. Yeah the Lakers probably the only closest team that would give 'em some run that clay when Kobe and Shaq was really, really in they bags bro. 'cause I don't know who the fuck on the Lakers was going. I mean who on the world was gonna guard Shaq? No, nobody. It was And that'd be had crazy numbers. Yeah It wasn't nobody was gonna guard. So Kevin Looney and them But they was gonna be playing twos for threes like the way they shot the ball with Clay Steph. Yeah KD bro we playing tools because what Rick Fox about to do out there on that island? Nah a goddamn thing. Yeah Robert Ory, Chris Sweet Kds about to have a field day. Poor Derrick Fisher. Oh my lord.


Well soon he gonna be running for us. Matt Barn had running. Listen God damnit, he gotta step boy. He go that light-skinned devil we just saw Yesterday. God dang that Nigga shot the ball over two people comfortably. He see Derrick Fisher it see Chris Miss man what? Damn. Yeah bro. That's Funny. Nah I just, I forgot about D Fish. D Fish was the starting one too. Yeah. Nah it was I'm asleep. D Fish made NBA history. You made him change that rule that said nah it's gotta be at least 0.03 for a shot to get off. And He, Derek Fisher may wear headbands lame in the bitch. Niggas used to love wearing headbands when I was growing up. That nigga threw that motherfucker oh over his eye scenario mind man fuck it.


That nigga D Fish cuss me out one day. Damn. Not really cuss me out but like try to sum me because I told, I told him he was sad. You know how you be you I was a, I would think I was a rookie. It was my rookie or my second year it was my, I think it was my rookie year and I got in the game we was getting blown out and I come in the game, this is a game I had dunked on. What was that? Lamar Odom I think Dunked on him. I'm having a good game but we getting blown out but we make a comeback and he, they sub back in and I'm like I'm scoring, I think I had like 12 to like 15 points in the fourth quarter. And I was like yeah sad ass nigga. Like this nigga's sad man. Like I'm just talking because we, we coming back like he's sad and he got mad.


He was like at half court he had one of our assistant coaches to grab me. You know I think nigga was probably like 32 at the time or some shit. Assistant coach grabbed me was like D Fish wanna talk to you at half court. He came to me, he was like don't get it fucked up. I I used to get buckets. I'm like nigga alright look this nigga talking to me for he like nah nah you need to understand this young fella it's a role in the NBA. You gotta play a role nigga go back and watch my highlights for Golden State in Utah. I wasn't the same player I used to get it in. Don't get it fucked up. Don't. I'm looking at this nigga like man I'm about to go to Inn Out Burger. I'm not worried about this a weak as combo you talking about fuck is you talking about that some respect on Nate trying be your mentor.


But then like I fast forward it and I'm like damn nigga was running Like you Do gotta play a role nigga. When I got 30 of they got me in the corner man got me in the corner. Yeah you went to Milwaukee like damn I remember Derek Fisher Now I See why Fish was Going through it. Oh shit Kobe had even a quarter. A hundred percent. That's funny also you also you pop up in the most random and shit. You really are the fucking like forge gum in the NBA because bro they they showed that fucking point in the movie. I mean the movie in the game where my nigga ran to the coach. That nigga my knees work joking. I know you about say something because for gum knees was fucked up. I I'm saying your knees work that was your come back.


Nah because that nigga he always talk about got bad knees and shit So smooth. Well you are the force bro. I being a part of everything because I was like when I seen the clip I was like I didn't even know the nigga was a part of shit. That's crazy bro. When j when J kid ran into Yeah when he came red to Woody bro was crazy man what's wrong with that nigga? Man that nigga's crazy. He got Adidas on day. He tripping there. He wow. I ain't even people man. He got the whole fit up Nigga Is crazy. That's what they been saying bro. Niggas a part of everything shit crazy shit right on this foot. Well I didn't, I didn't know that J kid.


I mean I know that obviously we can get to the point where he actually did but I didn't know that he ran so wood to get that time out or get the tech. Yeah get the tech. So Woody always stood on the court he'd be eating candy and shit so he used to always go up to like the front thing and get candies and cough drops and shit. Before he like would call it timeout so he was standing up getting one of them and he was on the court. That nigga j kid I was standing up like if you see the video I'm standing up and I'm watching 'cause it was like a real good game and the nigga just ran in the wood like boom and fell and was like that's a techie on the court that he on the court And Wood was like I been aw beat your ass. Damn Christ Beats What?


I'm over a bench rolling after that he oh beat your ass. And one of the assistant coaches was like he's one of the smartest people to ever pick up a basketball bro. That is brilliant. They about to win this game 'cause he made that brilliant play. He's like Woods in the wrong and he was, he got the tech we up losing whatever. But that shit was so funny. Woody came in the back bro he was so mad. Can't believe his ass would do some shit like they tried to hurt me, he tried to hurt me. I was crying bro. I was like nigga bro And if you know Wood the way he talked man it is funny as here he is like he tried to hurt me. Oh man should beat his ass. J Kid Is a dirty nigga though. He J kid spin the block on it this foot.


Yeah gimme real quick. Yeah take the water. The nigga his mind different bro. They even think of that like in the middle of the game. The run in that game. He had a crazy ass triple double. I wish YI could bring up the stats. He had like 2118 and like 20. Damn it was crazy. The triple double we had that game was crazy. I just remember looking like this motherfucker is great at basketball. It was he this triple double, it was crazy but one of the point guard that don't spoken about he don't get spoken on it up bro. J Kid bro. Damer top five pg man I know it's a lot in that area but at least top 10 for me. J Kid wanted to coat us. Oh yeah for sure He definitely top 10. Yeah. Yeah. Ain't no thinking about it. His triple double was crazy.


We was looking at that stat line like nigga how you get that many rebounds? Like what the fuck? It's just so many pgs when Jeff was playing. Yeah that era. I mean even now too. Damn bro It it is one of the hardest positions in the NBA and it became prioritized. So it's a lot of great point guards. Like we was just watching the highlights in there before we came in here we was watching Rondo and D Rose go at it in that Chicago series, bro. One of the best restaurant series ever. We just sitting there watching, I'm looking at them like damn they so they was so cold and you just forget like not you forget about them two. But we was just talking about like if D Rose didn't get hurt bro, where would he would've been? Oh compared to Stephan and Russ and all them. If He had Russ's nigga longevity NBA.


I'm telling y'all bro that nigga probably been a gold bro. Nigga won MVP early bro. Yeah he was on his way up. But think about that as like players that you competed against. Like we thinking about point guards just right there. You got D Row, Steph and Russ, they all won MVP and it's like damn that's crazy. Ain't you Played against James Hard nigga? Yeah it's like in the era where you played against these dudes and they was the MVP the best player in the league and this is like yo matchup. That's a fucked up feeling. That was so long. Nice bro. I say that's probably crazy. You was on murderers Rob? Yeah, 19, 16 or 17? Yeah something crazy bro. It was something crazy. 16 bound, 17 assists.


It was crazy. I was like man what the fuck? And the assistant coach the whole game just like he's amazing. He just can't understand. I don't know how he's playing. I think he was probably like 35 at that time. 36 or something like that. Damn they just couldn't understand. Still dominating bro. Yeah, they couldn't understand why he was that fucking good. Like even with that finals run they had bro Jason kid was like an integral part and he was old as hell at that time. Yeah he was guarding Brian and shit. Yeah, that was on Brian where he was getting switched on by him. And what's the other dude? Jason, Terry For real? JJ Bere. J? Yeah, bere was out of pocket. Well he was like 34. It was his second to last season. So it was 2010, two oh 9,000.


Yeah. I don't know what's name though. Damn. When Jason kid coming to the league? 94? Yeah because he was like 94. Yeah 95 rookie year. Co rookie year, right? Yeah. Yeah. Jesus Christ. That nigga was old. He Was dead nigga with that stat line he was killing like killing bro. Damn. I'm watching the game. Like he came believe in 95 and that game was the 2010, right? Yep. That's crazy. 15 years later nigga had a crazy triple double. He like damn. Damn. So he was old with the nets damn near he was a vet vet? Yeah that was his 13 by that time. Right? He was 36. 36. He was my age getting triple doubles. Nigga I'm on the couch nigga. What the fuck?


That is crazy man that hey it was funny seeing all the like the OG athletes on the sideline and like seeing LeBron run pass. He was like damn, LeBron ain't that much older than all these people or dating near same age and he's still out here Seeing my nigga with the salt and pepper beard out. There's Hard, that's fucking movie bro. That shit hard. Like That shit look like a movie. His his last dance is the best shit ever bro. It's gonna be a week long bro. We gonna watch all of it. That shit gonna be, it's gonna be better than Jordan, bro. He, he number one bro. Oh, go ahead make the thumbnail Brian number one man. He gonna be saying a lot of You gonna use Brian again. Huh? Man, Get off Brian. Why y'all on Brian dead Like there? Well don't use, don't use number one bro.


Why be dealing me about that? I'm, I ain't gonna lie. I watching, we was watching him highlight today bro. Prime number one bro. He he's crazy bro. Brian did something so amazing. Then we realized bro that was 15 years. It was, that's crazy. What's that? When he played Detroit. We just watching Detroit High oh seven bro. Nah, niggas been blessed to watch who years. That's why the USA team for the future kind of scared, not really scared me, but it's like damn, they don't got no LeBron, Kobe or Jordan on that team. Yeah bro. It's, I mean unfortunately it's new legends and other generations have felt like that. But like you said, we was kind of privileged to be in the golden era to, to get all these like great performances and great players.


But it's time for niggas to, you know what I'm saying? Shit, they got shows. We need new legends bro. Who you think had the best, like when you thinking about it, like all the games y'all done watch who had the best performance? Like did y'all ever seen And? we was like yeah that shit solidified. 'cause when you said y'all was watching that Boston game? Yeah. Oh yeah nigga, We was a Buffalo Wild Rings. Swear To God nigga. You seen that nigga walk on the court? I seen his face. I said Oh Lord, We had never seen that before. Never seen that before. And he was just hitting everything. He wasn't even all mids turnaround, whatever he wanted to do. It was nothing but nothing. It was crazy. That's probably one of the best performers I've seen in basketball. And. we was comparing it to Michael Jordan against Portland.


When he hit all them threes me, me, we just talk about how Jordan, you could tell that nigga didn't shoot threes like way best we shot was so weak. Weak, weak bro. Nasty. That shit look weak. But like compared to his midi, his three ball look crazy. But it was funny 'cause we was watching when he fucked up the Celtics. Mm. And they had no answer for that. Ah yeah. When he was, yeah they had no answer for that bro. Yeah. I be wilding. Hold on, take my, take my little brush. Shit. See look I'll be wilding because MJ Was young as hell. What He had hair? Oh no he was crazy. Yeah, MJ had a Doc Rivers. He was, he was, he was nice. He was, that's when he was mixing shit up.


For real? Yeah he still had Hair was a little bit of shit. Yeah but the cul-de-sac A MJ was different. Oh no. Melo had a lot of great games too. If you ask him what games I watched Melo and Brian early on them games with them battling. That was exciting. That was some cool games to watch. Those was always Premier TV on TNT. I don't really remember no other game Really? That kind of grabbed me like damn that was nigga really killed Steph in the garden probably. Ooh look crazy. He Was wild, crazy The Crazy. Yeah I watched that but Yeah he was wildling in the garden. I don't know. Well we just watched that Clay Thompson shit. Oh yeah that shit was Clay. Yeah that shit was crazy. You Was a part of some shit though.


Yeah, I seen some nice highlights. I seen, I seen some people go off. I mean I still, one of the best games I've seen is steal that, that Steph fuck you three on the left hash for game against OKC. Like watching that live was just like to even have the audacity to take that shot at that time like that is crazy man. What we going to do with no basketball for a couple months? I Don't know. Where'd that KD game rank for you when he was going off on pj? Don't like pj, we love you but Oh man that I thought he was the greatest basketball player I ever seen after that moment. He was going crazy. I remember you kept talking about that shit because He had a triple double with it. He was cold. Man bro. That's crazy man.


That was a great performance. I had seen some great, well that's definitely top three. Oh okay. That's Top three I ever seen. Nate Robinson is number two. Damn. What? What Nate? He didn't play for like 17 games in a row then came off the bench in half 45. Damn. Like it was crazy. I watched a nigga run the whole stadium before the game. Like he didn't think he was gonna play. He was running the stadium trying to stay in shape doing these crazy drills and they sub me in in the second quarter and the nigga went berserk. Damn. Ended up with like 45 nigga they sub me in talking about Wood T Ru get in there and chase him a little bit. What the fuck am I gonna do?


As soon as he came and he scored, as soon as I got on he hit a pull up. I was like, yeah, I'm on that. I don't even worry about it. I'm about to get out. I'm something right out. Don't worry about it. Keep going. Bull hit the AM one. Oh Marvin Williams ran in the stands and Atlanta was like ah, all the people Atlanta's so live, y'all know how Atlanta is. They just root for anybody. And he was playing for New York. So it was a whole bunch of Knicks fans. They all ran around even shit. It was one of the best scenes I ever seen. I was like damn, this is little nigga cold. Hell yeah. And you know as fire man, I'm, I'm happy like a lot of people have been supporting him 'cause you know, obviously he knows he needs some, some help with his health and he's got a lot of donors that said that's lined up and, and I love to see that. You know what I'm saying? That's, yeah. I'm happy for him too. Yeah man.


Give us some knife for sure man. Like to see that story and now I see people helping him as far as fuck yeah.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from Stouffer's, Prego, Progresso, Sargento and Hidden Valley for easy prep dinners. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


The fall is creeping up on us but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty Haven. With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer. Feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


With millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's After learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century Viking is different to Luna's, who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies. Which is also different to Jerome's his eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from ha ha to to ha Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


You can work from the road while turning your vehicle into a powerful high speed data wifi hotspot with at t in car wifi on the network that covers more roads than any other carrier. Connect up to 10 devices and stream conference calls. Finish up that presentation or answer last minute emails. Go to att.com/incar wifi to see if you are eligible for a free trial today. Based on independent third party data. Always pay careful attention to the road and don't drive distracted wifi hotspot intended for passenger use only when vehicle is in operation compatible device. And vehicle required.


But you was talking about not having basketball but one thing I was gigged about, shout to the og. We got the Rico Hanes runs back on YouTube. I love watching the off season basketball workout. I'll be seeing all the other ones but the, the Rico Hans UCA one is always my favorite ones lock into bro. 'cause you see players playing basketball like a lot of, you know what I'm saying? Open gym shit be cool but they be really on some don't come in here and do no shit. You wouldn't do your track facility like you actually gotta, you can show your game but nigga you gotta play the right way in here. Yeah. Yeah. That's like the best structure like offseason basketball to me. Yeah. I ain't never go to the Ricoh highs rooms. I was at the factory Hoop with the guys Was the Game. There was probably some good ass workouts though at Rico.


Oh Yeah. Niggas being that bitch Russ. I seen one where Russ and pg when PG first went to OKC. Who That was clowning. Clowning bro. Bro, separate. It is like, it's a big difference between y'all and like niggas that just hoop every day bro. It's a huge difference between NBA players and just no disrespect to overseas players bro. But when you make these niggas mad it's just like y'all kick into a whole different gear bro. Yeah, like that shit is crazy. It's always A Level. Yeah You can see a level in like people For sure. But I wonder what is that though? Like what the fuck? I'm better Than you. Yeah, I'm better. I play basketball for a living. For real, For real. Like I'm just, there's No disrespect to you but bro, I, I'm, I'm just, I'm really Good at my job.


Like I'm top at my job bro. Like I remember watching like Iactually do my episodes and I watched like Kyrie pull up. I'm like oh like when you see him do certain stuff he's like bro this he don't break a sweat bro. It is. You see Steph pull up and do shit. It's like yeah bro this Watching James harden that shit. I'm like bro this is crazy. And he be out there though and you know what I'm saying? And I think the the dope part about to me is that they respected Jim as much that they really be hooping. Yeah. Like you know what I'm saying? Obviously they ain't going 4,000 with it but they out there really playing the game. So it's like yeah bro you can see there's a clear difference between people bro. Damn. Yeah. You know what's a real clear difference though? That fucking break dancing in the Olympics. Like what the fuck did y'all see that shit bro? Oh yeah I clipped that bro. I swear to God. How is that a category?


I'm entering the fucking break dance. I could do that shit bro. Them nigga the Australian person man you first of all you just Respected ain what my knees set up for. I could do that. I said bull shout out to whatever your needs do. I'm saying the fuck outta you Enter the break dancing bro. You can't dance bro. Remember I could break dance better than them niggas. Hey they edit. Did you see The Australian team bro? Yes bro. She's Outta pocket bro. Definitely be red from the boo bro. A hundred percent. Hey they posted Chris from Adobe Ance like the next contestant nigga I was crying crazy link. Nah the Olympians is getting out of Pocket Pocket.


Well I tell though they just doing whatever bro. That's where I don't really tap in. That's Hey bro they training bro. How is that a sport bro? They're locked in for four years for this bro. Bro. Oh bro that's you look at this shit. Shit came from How is this a the gram What blew me But why is it, why is it fat though? It's a crowd like who wish I could over utter on this performance And look how she spin it on her head bro. That's the Special Olympics bro. No way bro. That's the Special Olympics bro. And y'all laughing at this shit. Y'all in a pocket bro. Something wrong with her bro. Not no disrespect, I don't mean to say I don't know what other words to use but yeah motherfucker ain't right. Why was I see somebody wrote a guy that's a friend of the show.


He always on the show he fuck with the show heavy. He said the hip hop community, he used to have a sit down with the Olympic committee. I was crying. He said because this shit, this is how I see it. Like this shit is absurd. I didn't even know they had this category. I seen this shit like four days ago was rolling But everything is in the Olympics now bro. Yeah what in the fuck is that? How do you practice for that? Well it's the training requirements. Like how did you qualify? Listen like dances and stuff bro. That's real. That's a real workout. I mean you gotta practice so, But how do you qualify Anything that you practice in bro? No, For sure but that, how do you qualify to be a breakdown A nigga Star Quest right now.


But trying to understand is well The Jab Jab Walkies is winning but Oh Jab, walkies a murder. They're real Dancers to P today. Yeah Shout out to them. That was a good shot. That's too much dance but on some real shit that's something you have to practice for y'all. It's like real But they didn't. No she did bro. No She didn't bro she did for style. That was a routine bro. This it is a dance competition. What I'm saying is what's the requirements to be in this dance competition? 'cause she the Role that's like, okay put it like this. Say you had a, you started a A UT and only three chubby kids showed up bro. That's your squad bro. We got a ride, we got the game bro. We got a ride. If, if you, if the USA did not win that shit then we gonna go that.


Then we get a gold in the break dancing competition. Oh Bro that probably didn't even, We did, we need to call Chris Brown. Tell that nigga pull up. Nah bro they, they give Chris Brown with Marcus Jordan half nigga we're getting gold. So Chris Brown and Marcus Jordan link up it. It's a vibe. What They got all they got eating competition, they got everything in Olympics now bro. That's why I don't tap in bro. We didn't win gold bro. You tripping. On Olympics is my favorite time. I'll tell these four years Canada Women's Won gold. Indian American America. Yeah we, we won gold for mens. Oh no. A lot. A lot. We got bronze. Oh don't come home bro. Don't come Home. Yeah we sad.


Where the Niggas at? We sad Sitting wherever pretty grinder was. Get The crates in the cardboard out man. For sure. Yeah. Don't come home bro. That's crazy. We didn't even only, we didn't even place for In the women's, for the, for the women. See how these niggas are talking about the Olympics? They don't even be tapping in like that either. See yeah, that's the shit y'all really don't know about Bro. That's, that was not one. You seen the clip on fucking Instagram Like damn I didn't know we had that. I told y'all that shit's Not, I didn't even say that On Peacock. That wasn't no NBC. They put that on true tv. That was not Telegraph. Olympics is a joke bro. Bro Why the fuck is it a break dance competition Because why is it not football? They got it's coming in Bro. Z and them need to put them helmets on to go out there and rock bro.


No but the rest of the rest of the nation knows that people can CT Ab. I'm talking about the retired niggas bro. That still got some gold. Terrell Owens, all them niggas need to LA up bro. Get your teams together. Why you trying to kill them? You think that they about to let Antonio Brown represent the United America bro. Not cold outta me bro. A retired quarterback and to and a B nigga and receiver That nigga's not gonna, they would never touch. We slaughter. We a slaughter everybody bro. I wonder who they gonna get for flag football though. I seen Jayla Hertz out there. I was like oh that's what y'all trusting he gonna flag football get bronze. He's an ambassador. I was like he out there we we. Nah bro Jayla Hurts gonna cook make This nigga DJ bro. He, he Jayla hurts is cold bro.


Very disrespectful. Cowboys and I bro I can't believe he doing that. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You better Plan that a hell a look You ain't tapped into that bag yet. I'm talking about the retired niggas NFL y'all. Y'all contact six. They Gonna have to Brady, Tom Brady gonna end up Doing all shit. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all need crazy Just done bro. Tom Brady gonna do the flag football shit. Could you imagine going out there and getting hurt nigga. Oh My god. Playing flag football and you Get hurt running the route And you can't play the Real shit. No bro. And in your contracts on like all guaranteed the NFL is me. Oh my mama you are toes. What? Ain't no current players. The NFL should ban that. No current players. Nah they got, they set up a whole 7 0 7 situation 'cause I they even like what the youth leagues like 'cause even like re be watching like this it is, they're making that thing even there's a women 7 0 7 League to go crazy.


It Don't matter. I seen that. So they making that, they're making a lane for the overtime crash out. Yeah. See that's crazy. Yeah. Let the women crash out. But the the niggas that's Just this is for the niggas. Strictly for the niggas. Strictly for the nigga. The real niggas. How did they have that in the RB song? Jermaine Free should be investigated for that bro. That's a crazy ass interlude in the song bro. That shit was hard though. Nah, it slaps r What? But it is crazy. I'm over heres, you did gotta have my old school around they motherfucker the real Knicks. It's crazy Kick going. This Show ain't shit. Nah. As a pride country be here qa.


No I'm, I'm off Team usa. That's the thing over there talking about. You know what, I Ain't say that. I hope they lose. No, I said would been Why did me about this nigga, I ain't say he's the star of the show. Get outta my fucking D I'm, They were rough. Now I'm tell Teague fuck him my fight. I really forgot what you said. I didn't say anything. They just read the thumbnail bro. I said it was say he was, I kind of wanted to look. He was just saying I wanted to see like the, the media reaction to this stuff. He didn't actually want them to look. But that was just Funny. Yeah, I really didn't remember that shit. I Seen thumbnail, I was crying. I this is all Mike. Yep. I said this Mike wrote this shit out.


That Was Luis. Oh Louis, I seen that be clear but Goddamn Louis. Oh, Mike cleared the sample. Fuck it. I did Clear it did what it's supposed to do. Oh shit man. Motherfuckers on there like I was like somebody gonna be on here. But he always been a hater. Oh Man. And did the, the clip before that y'all dropped me hating on what's the little white TJ McConnell. Oh yeah, you had a bad run. You had a bad run. We gonna make this better. Just y'all, the End was better though. That clip, he was like, because Miles was like showing love to you. So that was a better clip. I fuck with TJ though. Shout to TJ n try to get I I DMed him for the show. He hit me back though. Nah man. Shout out to tj. I don't think no patience is coming over here though.


Miles it real Nigga. Yeah, I mean y'all fuck with each other but none of the current, none of the new ones is over with. Yeah, James play James pull up bro. Oh yeah bro for so yeah he got, that's His man stuff. That's my nigga. He, I be like pull Tyres, That was Tyree shot. Like I see y'all niggas but I ain't coming. Yeah, he ain't fucking with. That was one of those for sure. But he did bite my bar for word for word. That was crazy. Stay your flow bro. For sure. And I got that shit off Nickelodeon. I, I was there. I stole somebody else flow. It was a Nickelodeon little kid. He's like I didn't do anything. I got an A on a group project. I'm like damn. Damn. And I took that motherfucker around with it and he had stole it from me.


Niggas is passing it down. It's crazy. See that's what you get. Pacers at five. Be here and tell people they can grab some merch. Shop Club five twenty.com Man. Yes sir. Like share, subscribe, all that good shit. We'll be back next time. Appreciate y'all as usual. Out The Volume.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals at Earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from Cape Cod chips, goldfish and Ferrero for family night entertaining. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in-store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


The fall season, we don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie Haven. With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer. Feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Vitamin Water is from New York. We needed a drink that can keep up with the music scene in the city. We gotta see our favorite DJ perform in Brooklyn at 3:00 AM or sing karaoke in the village also at 3:00 AM Drink vitamin water. It's from New York. You know that vibe when you're riding in your all new Camry and that cousin calls the one who always tries to one up you. I mean yours Is fun and all, but not even a hello. It's straight into better job boyfriend vacation spot your response, brushing the dirt off your shoulders and pulling up in the all new Camry. 225 horsepower bold grill. Available 19 inch wheels and wireless charger. Who has the better what now? Thought so the vibe just shifted in your favor with the all new Camry.


Toyota. Let's go places With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century. Viking is different to Luna's, who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies, which is also different to Jerome's. His eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from to to Amazon Books that reading, feeling awaits.