
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Shaq with Angel Reese. When he is like, I wanna see her playing in her underwear and like running up. If I said that, I'd be in jail. Oh yeah, for Sure. In jail, All my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won Slice, got the roll of D to all my life. I been grinding all my life, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, wanna slice, got the D to all my life. I been grinding all my life. Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host, Shannon Sharp.


I'm also the proprio of Club Shehe. Stopping by for conversation on a drink today is one of the most influential people in modern sports. He created a company that's now worth more than a half a billion dollars. A pioneering force in the new age of digital media, a business mogul and a trailblazer, a media magnet and an icon, A social media, media star, and an influencer. A bold, no filter, media star, outspoken personality, a powerhouse, spokesman, hosts, producer, writer, director, philanthropist, a pizza aficionado, a university Michigan alum, a wealthy entrepreneur who built a multi-platform empire. Founder, founder and operator. Owner sports and pop culture company, Barstool Sports, El pte, Dave Portnoy, Quite the intro.


Thank you. Appreciate you, man. Yeah, no, I appreciate that intro. Oh, I like that Bro. I got, I got, we got a toast, bro. I got a toast you man, for you to be able to do what you've done, I mean, for you to have the vision and to see it through. Congrats. Cheers. Cheers to you. Cheers. I said I wasn't gonna drink this, You know, by the way, I don't like any, but I'm doing It. No, no, this is better. But I'll let you tell me for yourself. I probably won't have it for a little time after this. Let's say that I'm more on like the high noon speed, but when in Rome, Due as the Roman. Yeah, bro, thank you. You built Barstool into a half a billion dollar empire, started off doing four page newspapers, which is the Dying Dynasty.


How did you have the vision and the for forethought to do what you did? So, I, I didn't have the vision That, That's the easy answer. Okay. It, it, it, I just didn't want to hate my job when I woke up. Okay. Like, I knew I wanted to try my own thing, but if Barstool, if I was making 60 grand a year working for myself, I would've been happy. But anyone who said they had vision back then is probably lying. Right. 'cause You know, we started as a newspaper before, before MySpace existed. Facebook, TikTok. So for anybody to know what the internet was gonna be, they're lying. We were just always really quick. Right. And, and kind of moving and following trends. But I had no idea it would turn into this. You handed out newspapers on the subway platform, street, street corners of Boston, yelling at people.


How many papers did you Think you handed out a day? Probably five to 10,000. We had a circulation of 30,000 probably at the height. So I'd wake up, you see it, any city corner and, and just hawking papers outside the garden. I grew up in Boston Cell Station. Subways just working because A lot of times people get they taken in, throw it on the ground. Oh, that happened. I mean, I count that if you took it that Yeah. I You didn't ask how many ended up people reading it, but if you're going on the subway Right, right. You're just looking for anything to read. Right. So you get as many hands on it as you can. Todd mcse started out as one of your early writers and you custom built websites and the newspaper went digital.


How did You know, like, like Todd, how did you decide who you were gonna pick to write and and who were you gonna start staffing? So I went to high school with Mcache. Oh, okay. Okay, okay. Okay. That, that definitely helped. That was a hard ass choice. Yeah. I was in his wedding, so I, we, we weren't paying anybody when we started. Okay. He got involved in sports before I did. So he already, he was already maybe just starting on ES, ESPN a little bit. Okay. So he just helped on the side. Right. Wow. So is it true that you started putting women on the cover? Bikinis on the cover and that's when the newspaper kind of took up? That is true. So there's a photographer in Boston is like, have you ever thought about putting a girl Maxim was huge at the time. Yes, yes. Used to have big parties at the Super Bowl. I don't know if they still do that now.


They Still do it. I think It's gone down, but not to the level. Okay. Yeah. When I, back in the day, Maxim was like the it party super. It was super, Yeah. So he, he reached out to me, the photographer. He is like, have you ever thought of putting a local women Maxim? You put there were sleds. Yes. So we started putting, I'm like, no, I haven't, but if you wanna do the photography for for me, do it. Knock yourself out. And he came over, did it, and it was a local girl. Well, that started getting people's attention. I'm like, let's do it again. And that kind of, You know what it really did for us back in the day, like Bud Light, Miller Light, they, they, they paid no attention. I started Barstool. I'm like, oh, we'll get all sports advertising. We didn't, when they saw Pretty girls. They're like, if You know where the girls are, the guys will follow. So it actually opened doors advertising wise.


Wow. I read that you had models handing out the newspapers, started having models handing out the newspaper. Before that you had homeless people actually handing out the newspaper. Yeah. So the first first week we launched homeless people. Okay. Labor Ready was the name of the company. And I was driving around and they were just drunk, not paying attention. They didn't do, they didn't do Dick, they didn't do anything. So we fired them after one week. And then I'm like, You know what if I, if you're a guy walking off the subway, would you take it from a pretty girl or a homeless person? Right. Pretty girl. So we lasted that for maybe a month. So put girls in Little Jerseys and handed them out During that process. What did that teach you about advertising? Well, that wasn't Rocket science. It didn't teach me anything about, I knew, I, I knew guys like Pretty Girls.


Yes. Like you, you're gonna take a newspaper. So they didn't teach, teach me really anything about that. It was just really expensive to do it. But, You know, that, that was no lesson. But lemme ask you a quick ask you this, have you listened to your fan base over time? Because you said the pretty girl pretty, the guys follow the pretty girls. Wherever guys are, that means advertisers are gonna come Totally. Because those are the guys that drink the beer, eat the, You know, take the products or bet or do whatever. Yeah. You, I, I have listened to, it's a fine line because I'm sure, You know, there's the, you the people who hate you and don't like you are often the loudest. Yes. Like, you suck at this. You're not good at that. So I don't let that bother me. But the beauty of what we did in, in newspaper and more internet is like, the internet doesn't lie.


You see the numbers, they're going up. So I'll always follow that as much as people like the chirping and noise. Somewhat. I trust my gut a lot. Right. How did You know not being politically correct, you could win doing that now over the last eight decade. But Barstool is way older than a decade. How did You know that? Not saying, not doing always the right thing could be a win for Dave. Yeah. So it, it, that's how I am. Like I'm this maybe in Northeast like Boston. Like I'll, I'll say do whatever, and I, I, I'm fine. I'll stand on two feet and stand with it. Right. It really wasn't intentional. Like it, it's just me being me and us being us.


But we did get to a point where we built this loyal following and, and it's like I knew I had them and I, if we were honest with the audience, they'd follow us anywhere. Right. So that was always an advantage. And that means that there's a lot of people out there that doesn't want to be politically correct, that have to be politically correct. But they have someone that, You know what, he's not pol politically correct. I like him. I like what he's doing. I like what he's saying. So we always have the advantage. I didn't have a boss, like, oh, okay. So, You know, I, if you're in a corporate world, it's great to think one way, want to be the, but if your boss is like, You know what, you're gonna get fired. You can't do it. That's a lot of different pressure. Correct. We didn't have it. And, and we didn't belong. We weren't beholding an advertising that was also huge. Yeah. So advertisers can be like, Hey, you gotta watch what you say.


We had early Bar stool. Our money was coming from our audience selling t-shirts, doing events. So we didn't care if an advertiser was like, we're gonna drop. It's like, all right, see ya. Like we're gonna just keep doing us. There were not a whole lot of models out there that you could follow. So who did you look up to that says, You know what? I kind of like their business model. I kind of like the way they do things. The, the early guy who I looked up to is Bill Simmons. Okay. So I'm a Boston guy. Yes. This is before he went to ES pn. His writing style was more like, this is interesting. I reached out to him, tried to get him, invest in Barstool, be part of it. Obviously never happened, but it wasn't so much a business model. Like, I came from a business side. So I was always like, if I can sell ads, do this.


I just want to enjoy my life. But I wasn't looking around and be like, that's the model. I, I think we became the model not on purpose, but there wasn't much like us. Well, I kind of gonna Think you was gonna say Howard Stern. 'cause he would kind of say to Yeah. And we do get compared to that. I never looked, I was never a big stern fan growing up. So, but we get that comparison and Got it. Throughout the years all The time. Right. You know, I heard that you are kind of like a combination between ESPN and Playboy. Is that a, is that a fair assessment? Yeah, it's an interesting assessment. I mean, we have, we have the TNA, I mean, E-S-P-N-I think ESPN's moved more, more probably to our side of the street in terms of like letting people fly.


Right. And even like I saw, You know, and when you, and like, no, it was Stephen a no, it was you and Herbie going at it. Yeah. Like, that's Barstool. Right. Like, we'll let 'em fight it out. Right. Let it in. And I couldn't even tell 'em like, do these guys really not like each other? Is this like a show that's Barstool. Even, even even teammates. Okay. Yeah. Because like, like Barstool, like, I'm feeling like, and we gonna get this later, like when you had Bussin With The Boys, you had pardon my take and you had this one and that one and you all on a one umbrella. I see us, see us as teammates. You would let 'em take shots at each other? Oh my God. We eat each other a lot. The Most vicious shots are internal. Okay. And like, I mean, I just got here, like I just watch a Tale of Won clip at the Super Bowl, and he's talking to Patrick Mahomes, he's like, Hey, we're leaving Barstool.


They are leaving. Yeah. And he, he's like, so you'll come on our podcast right now. I mean, to me, I, I I'm, that to me is like, he, he let, he basically put Patrick Mahomes in his mouth. Like he was, he basically was like, let me roll over, pet your belly and I'll go at, we go at each other. But that it's, and it's real. People think it's fake in the end. Right. We're all one team. But yeah. We attack each other. Is it true that early advertisers, basically they were offshore, illegal betting sites that weren't illegal in America. So you like reached out and got those dollars? So I, I've always loved gambling. Okay. So before I started Barstool, I actually flew to Vegas, entered the but, and casinos, like, how do I get in this industry?


And I used to bet. So I talked to these offshore casinos, said, You know, I, how do I get involved? They said, create the newspaper, we'll advertise in it. And that was the early advertising we had that got us, like when we launched No girls, no nothing. It was just really fantasy sports, that type of thing. It allowed, we pre-sold the ads Right. For a year, two years Party poker. And we morphed after that. But yeah. That, that was our early advertising. Did you ever get frustrated? Did you ever think that this possibly couldn't work? I went, I got a job about six years in. I took a sales job, drove, worked there at lunch. I'm like, I cannot, I can't do bar stool and give it a chance and do this. So one day lunch drove home, never went back.


But I mean, I wasn't, we didn't make money for a decade. Right. Really? Yeah. So how did you get by Grinding? Like I, I moved in with my in-laws. Okay. We, we had no rent, like in just, it was paycheck to paycheck trying to survive. But it, it was literally like Nothing at the time. Did your wife like Dave? She made me get the job. She, she made me get the job. To her credit, she stood by me and it always felt in my gut, this thing's gr like there's something here. Yeah. But to turn the corner and actually do it took a long time. Did you create fake Frank ads? Yeah. To get rival coming, like Yeah, That was early. Like Morton Steakhouse, I put in a rival like Flemings, Morton's, Ruth, Chris. Yeah. They call they, and the actual place would call me.


Like, I, it was Flemings, there's a steakhouse in Boston. They'd be like, we didn't advertise in your paper. Why are you in there? It's like, oh, my sales guy quit. I don't know what happened. And then we'd take it out. But the thought was, Hey, if Mortons sees Flemings, the Mortons is want to get in there. Right. So yeah, we did that all I would do anything, I would do anything to try to get somebody in the paper. But you also created fake emails with extra people. Like, Hey, we got a big ass style. Correct. So do you want someone to advertise? I know that I'm the head writer, I'm the founder, I'm the sales guy and the marketing guy. So I like 10 different aliases. Yeah. Oh my goodness, man. But it seemed like you had a plan. Like even though it wasn't successful early, you had a plan and you had a, a, a, a fortitude, a stick to itness that, You know what it's gonna click.


I just gotta give it time. Yeah. I, I keep going back and some people say I'm being a humble, I I thought it was working. Did I ever dream it would be something like this? Right. Like, I think I'm a smart enough guy and, and a way to monetize. And if you really hustle and work your ass off, you can probably carve out some sort of living for yourself. Yes. Did I know that the internet would hit right when I needed to hit? Right. Did I know that like, social media would hit and things like right time, right place, right guy, all those things. How much would you say it it cost you to start bar Stu? Oh, I'm always not much. Maybe 30 grand Max. That's for, I had to buy the racks. That was the only expense where the racks to put the newspapers in.


Lemme ask you a question. How did you start, how did you come up with the name Barstool? So Barstool Sports was supposed to mean, and this is the early internet 1.0. I looked for websites that were allowed, it was supposed to mean anything that a guy would talk about sitting at a bar watching sports. Okay. That was what it's supposed to mean. So I went through like 10 names and that was the one that was available. Did anyone invest in Barstool besides your yourself? Early on? Maybe your parents, maybe siblings or anybody like That? Parents helped with the news racks and that was it. And we had no, no outside money till 2016. We started 2004. Wow. Yeah. Wow. That's a, that's a very long time not to make a whole lot of money. A lot of people probably after 12 years gonna give it update.


Yeah. I mean, we started around by 2016. We were doing pretty well. But yeah, it, it, I had a normal job. Again, I, I would rather work for myself. Not make as much and then hate waking up and hate What I do. So you didn't, you didn't really turn a profit. You started in 2004. So you kind of turned a profit towards 2010, maybe 11, around there. So you started making d good money? Not, I mean, it's not no retirement money. No. Good, good enough. My, we did a concert tour in 2010. Okay. We, we had a kid who is Sam Adams was his name. He was like a, a kind of local rapper, basically guy. And we had never been outside Metro Boston. We did a 10 tour of colleges, like URI, UMass and we're gonna frat basements.


I basically wanted to say, do people know who we are? Yes. UMass, the Mullen Center. They called me and they're like, Hey, what is, is this concert you're doing? Keep in mind I I'm gonna a frat basement to do it. Right. And they're like, we're getting calls for this concert you're doing. It's like, yeah, I don't know, we're gonna frat. They're like, would do you ever think of doing it in the arena? It's like, I can't afford that. We won't do it. It's like, well what if we set it up away? Very little risk said, if you're willing to do it, fine. We sold out in five minutes, like sold the arena. That was when it kind of clicked is like, there may be something going on here that I'm not totally aware. Showed up these campuses. Right. Signs on the, it was crazy. So lemme ask you a question. When did You know Barstool could become a legit company that, You know, like, I got something Probably that tour around the 2010, 2011.


And then I'm probably making seven figures by 2012, 2013. Okay. It was hard to, I like, if you wanted to advertise with us, you almost had to know somebody. Right? Like, we weren't selling. You had to fi like I remember we had, we were in this fantasy space and the gambling, like draft. I've had DraftKings, I met with like the founders of DraftKings way back when FanDuel. And you had to know somebody to get me on the phone because we were just happy. We're like, all right, we're doing well. We're, we're, we're happy with where we're at. But around then, I knew we were here to stay. How did, how did you develop this loyal rabid fan base Day after day? So when we started the company, I used to blog 10 to 15 times a day. Like every 45 minutes, something new up.


We're on top of sports, on top of everything. And you just build a trust with your audience. If they're seeing you every day, they start just becoming almost like your friend. Like I see our fans, they think they know me, right? So you just build that up over decades. You get a very loyal core Audience. So basically you would say that college is where you kinda like grew. It's like when you did this little college tour and you went to UMass and you had that arena and you sold it out. So you would say probably college, would you say college kids early 20 May? Yeah, it was everything. So I started this thing when I was like 25, 26. Okay. And 47 now. So it, it, it spans all ages in different people's, their lives.


Like, we have people have kids, we have new college kids. Just depends where you get us. I think the, the, They were college kids, but they're husbands and fathers now. Yeah. It, it's everything. And even like when I started, I was a young professional, right. So it was a lot of people who just graduated and now went into the workforce and like that. Why do you think college kids re why does Barstool resonate so much with college kids? I don't really know. I mean, it, we, we were talking about college aged. We were doing like raves at college parties. And I mean, even now we have like handles on social media that just cover that college. But obviously they, they like unfiltered. Were unfiltered. Right.


Frat parties. You had concerts. Were you in a frat For about 10 seconds at Michigan. So I, I I wasn't big into the hazing part of it. Yeah. Right. Okay. I like the Russian part of it when they're kissing your ass and it turns into like, go get me a beer. I, that's not really me. So I didn't, I didn't, I was gone quick. How did You know, but you didn't wanna be a part of that, but how did You know the fraternity culture so well? I didn't, I mean the, the fraternity. I, and sometimes people say different, I dunno, it's fraternity culture as like human nature. Like guys like hot girls. Yeah. Guys are going out to try to get late. Like a lot of that is part of what we were doing talk about in parties. But it was everything.


I mean, we would talk just as much about that as anything else. It seems like yet at, I don't know if you still feel this way, that you were the director, the antithesis of what ESPN. How did You know to like, create something to say, You know what, whatever they do, we're gonna do the exact opposite. It wasn't on purpose like that. You know, I, I guess people may look at, I mean ESPN and I, we've been doing it for so long. ES ESPN's actually changed a bunch of times probably since we've been doing this last 20 years. It wasn't, they're just more buttoned up. And, and in early bar stool, anybody who came from a network to us, we had some issues with because they, they needed a producer to tell 'em to say this and that.


And we don't do that. Right. We, you're your, we hire people we think talented, let 'em run wild. You off the cuff, bro. Yeah. It's like we don't, we're not gonna tell you what to say. You're gonna love what you're talking about. So it wasn't, we weren't trying to be the different, and I had no problems with ESPN until we had problems with ESPN. Because you look at ESPN, they got fancy studios. Guys are normally buttoned up. They're normally, You know, suit tie, you guys are in very informal, very casual T-shirts. Yep. Blue G shorts. Hey, hey, I'm more interested in what you say, not what you wear. That was always your, So I heard a story that ESPN once had a meeting about us when we're on a come up and it's like, how do we be more authentic? Like Bartol?


It's like, well you lost, like you are having a meeting on how to be authentic. Right. There was nothing, there aren't, I'm not planning what my studio looks like. That's what my life look like. You're so it's just, we didn't think about that. Right. We didn't care about fancy cameras. We didn't have fancy cameras. We had idiots and it, it, it almost, the bigger we got, the more I had to keep an eye, like, we don't want to look polished. Like ESPN. Like that's not who we are. Just because you can do it doesn't mean we want to do it. But it wasn't an early thought. Is is, pardon my Take a playoff. Pardon the interruption. Yeah. First take We got su so you got pardon and take and so boom Boom. Yes. Been so stupid. They sued us the first day. Got sued.


They went through, sent the cease and desist best thing they could have done for us. It was a hundred percent a mash of that. Like, that's what we're doing. Right. And then we posted, You know, Oh, you posted it. Oh, of course. That's the worst thing you could do To, to send the letter idiots. Like, 'cause you gonna post it and then all of a sudden everybody's gonna like, well let's see what's going on. Why. Yeah. They couldn't again, we've had that multiple goodell's been one, but that was perfect. Yeah. And in weird ways it, it was like tipping our hat to them, You know? Right. It's like an homage to that. Right. But yeah, they, they sent that letter right away. Do you think sports media has taken itself too seriously? I I do. I think it's changed. Like, again, I think a lot of things, it's much more free flowing.


But yeah, generally I, sports media people, I think there's double standard. Okay. Let, let's let's say the flight gate, right. One of my cornerstone That that's in your crawl. Yeah. That's one of my like cornerstone events. And they're killing Brady. And I, I remember Sal Powell, he's, he's on CNN or what? I mean ESPN acting like, this is like world news being like Tom Brady is an UGG salesman. Women buy Uggs. They're not gonna buy Uggs if they don't trust him. It was so fucking dumb. So I went to Media Day and I see Sal Powell and I take my mic. I'm like, Sal Powell, what'd you say about Tom Brady and Uggs? No, no, no. I don't talk to the media. I don't talk to the media. It's like you are the media.


Like, it, it, that double standard drives me crazy. Like you are gonna talk about people media are celebrities now, right? No different than the athletes. How have you been able to surpass guy sports, Fox sports and social media following Because we're, we're, we're born from the internet. Like I I we're probably the first digital media company. Like who are the heads of Fox? How old are they? What do they look like? We're all young guys who we hire. They come with a true proven internet record. Right? Like, you don't get to us unless you're young. Like when you, like I, I've been looking at crypto, I don't understand it because I'm too old. And it's like hard if you have a crypto guy who's probably older than 25, like he's probably not a great crypto guy.


Right? Right. So if you look at the internet, these are, these are network guys who've come up doing it the same way. Same playbook, same everything. We had no playbook. We were figuring out as we went. Do you believe that's the mistake that linear is making is because those guys came up in linear, they don't understand hundred percent digital, they don't understand social. Kinda like these say 23 to 30 year olds. A hundred percent. Like even, I mean, eventually things will change, but like if you look at a NFL game, why does everything look identical on the sets? Eventually it'll, it's the same way they've been doing it a hundred percent. They're just, this is how you do it. This is the way to do it. We're not gonna change.


We know more. So a hundred percent. What do you think the future of sports media is? Is it more what you do? A hundred Percent. I mean, look at you. Yeah. I mean, if you would think that you could say some of the things that you say, whether it be not on the main network and then go on ESPN, that, that's a relatively recent development in my mind that you can have that and they're letting him and even like Stephen a with his own it, that didn't happen not too long ago where like you just wouldn't see it. Right. Was your goal always to create a media company? Ye no. Yeah. No, it was to first it was to have a job that I liked waking, then we got to a degree of success.


It's like, what do we want to do here? Is Boston, replical, replical? Can I hire other guys and create the success in Boston? And then it became a media place where it's like, let's try to create other personalities, which I think for my money, obviously I'm biased. My company, I think we've, in this new last 20 years, created probably the greatest stable or biggest, like if you brought back everybody, whether it's McAfee, Alex Cooper, you busting With The Boys obviously are leaving. You have Wallow and Gillie. Me, Dan, like we have a-list. People who have come from the internet. Jenna Marbles, who a lot of, do You know who that is? I don't. Jenna Marbles was like internet 1.0.


Like she was the first YouTube girl. So we've launched massive stars and at some points like I think we have the platform that we can do this. And no one else was trying to do it. Like McAfee's an example. Like no one hired his ass out of the cults. Nobody one wanted him. What, what have you learned about building a media company? I mean, can, can, could, if somebody say, You know what Dave, we need you to, at University of Michigan call today. We want you to teach a class on how to go about building a media company. How to build a conglomerate. I got no clue on what I'm gonna say that honestly, I think, I think what we've been good at and what I've had an eye for, and they're not whole runs. It's like a band, almost like a a a record label model. Like you're gonna miss. But if you're gonna get some hits, we have a good eye for talent.


Yes. Whatever that may like unique people. Like if I see something I'm like, do I, do I click off of it in a second or do they have me for 10 to 20? Right. And if they do, that generally means there's something there. Right? Like you, you're just interested in what's going on. Right. How many employees shows, personalities do you say you Think you employ at Barstool? I think About 400 right now. Total. Wow. Yeah. Did you ever Think you could grow a company to have 400 employees? No. I don't even know. It's just, we got bloated a little bit, but we have a lot of, a lot of stuff going on. Well, how do you manage? Because you said you look, you are who you are. How do you manage so many different personalities? We have different people who help. But the personality, that's the word.


The talent business sucks. I won't recommend that for any, but like, that's one of those things when you asked me what I thought, but I mean, we're in the business of building stars and then having them turn around and be like, Hey, we want a trillion dollars. And you can't afford, it's like a sports team, right? SNL model or something like that. Like your agent there. Michael Klein, I think he owes me his whole life. He Told me fucking Before we're being honest, like without me, he doesn't exist. So you anybody need to invest in his business. Yeah. Like I'd like to know how, how he runs that business. But it's, you let people be themselves. Okay. We try to see if they rise above, like if they start getting traction, we just give 'em whatever they want.


Resources you wanna fly to, You know, I remember we had these two guys. They started, they were there for a, a week and they wanted Ingas. Like we wanna go find his, his family. And where where the he from? Lithuania. Yeah. They flew little with Annie. Oh, Lavia, somewhere like that. LA Yeah. Lafayette on, on a, on. I had no idea what they're doing. So we just let the creators create and try to put the resources behind 'em. And then we let the internet decide. It's like, all right, do you guys like 'em or not? How would you describe your workplace? Chaotic, competitive, petty, all those things. What type of, you mentioned like, okay, I'm watching this person, whether or not I want to hire him.


Does when I hear him hear him or her speak, click, move on. Or do they like, okay, I might have something. It's that and, and, and I don't even have to like it. It's just like, I haven't really seen this. He's just caught my attention for whatever reason he's saying things I haven't heard. Yeah. That that really is it. And, and it's rare, but you see it. And again, you can be wrong plenty of times, but there's just something there. It's like, why, why am I staying more than that? One second almost to see what's going on here. Why are you okay with firing people publicly? We do everything publicly. Who did I fire publicly? You, you get, I mean you, I mean, I don't know if I could be the type of boss you are, Dave.


I mean you, you cut. Why? Because you cut the, I I I'm, I think I'm a little bit more compassionate than You are. I'm trying to think who did I fire? Who did I fire? I'm looking for my guy. Who did I fire publicly? Francis. Francis Fired publicly. I tell people they're fired. Yeah. But I don't know if it's like, everything we do is public by the way. Right? So like if you do for, if you've gotten to the point where you got fired by me, you earned it. Yeah. And I'll publicly do, I'll do anything public. Don't come to my, like if you're in my world, Right? You gotta content everything. Everything's fair game. Oh. What is your response when people say, man, they, they don't pay enough, man, they need to break bread. I mean, You know, he, he getting a whole loaf and he passing out crumbs Over here.


Those people full of shit. Find me that person who said that and that, that like, I mean you'll have certain things. We've had a co like call her daddy. I they, do You know who that is? I do. Alex Cooper. So yeah, she she's turned it on Mazda. We found her nothing. Yeah, she's nobody. We si signed the two of them to a hundred grand each. Right. Her and Sophia thing exploded six months later. They're up to 500 grand. They signed a three year deal. Okay. You can go be billionaires when you're like, that's what we do. Right? Like you, we don't own you after go make all but the penis thing. Why, why didn't you like sign 'em to a three year deal, maybe like a year in, year and a half in and say, Hey let's redo this deal.


I want, we Were redoing the deal. They're tough to deal with you athletes, same way holdouts this their talent. And they look at it and your talent looks at it. Hey, I got strike when this is hot. And they don't go about us. We pay as good. I think as any media company in the, I mean Yo Wal and Gillie, they're crying puffing bottles with how much they're making. Alex got 60 McAfee's making tens. We pay. That's the biggest misnomer in the World. Y'all pay, we pay, pay, pay, Pay, pay. I mean you're huge. How Much? I'm a free agent. Let, let, let me, all right, let, I'm just, I'm just, David, I'm just throwing it out there. We don't have to negotiate publicly, but I'm just saying I'm free When you free When you want me to be free.


Are you really free? Yeah. What do you mean? Like when you, if you are on Like a, I ain't I no parole, no probation, nothing. Right? I mean free freak. You, you, you're probably very expensive right now. What we, our model generally is the reverse. Like we find the guys build them up and then they leave as opposed to like getting them at the top. 'cause you pay the premium. Yeah. Like we, I don't know what, like you coming to us for example, we're not gonna make you bigger. You're, you're huge. So like our, our secret sauces if you're talented will make you huge. But you'd be good on our networks. What have you learned about negotiating? I I I I'm not a big negotiator.


You say, oh, you a take it or leave type of guy. I, I, I have a price that I know works for us and I, and if it's not good enough, like what are you gonna do? Like the Bussin guys just, You know, three years, 30 million from FanDuel that, that's more than we can do. So good luck. You go we you great relationship. But I'm happy for them. Damn. Three for 30, huh? Yep. Because I know I even supposed to say I don't give 40%. They got, they got the bag. Lemme ask you a question. How do you go about structuring your deals? Okay. You find somebody clearly when you offer 'em, they're not making that money. So somebody gonna give me a men a men guarantee MG a hundred OU plus, I mean 80 20, 90 10.


As far as revenue with ads, that's, that's a lot of money to a person that's making 30,000. So most of the, most of the time we do it, they're, they're, they're not as huge, but we'll do, they're full-time employees for us. Okay. So we basically own your ip and it, it's no different than a sports contract. Yeah. Like you sign for a certain amount of years, you can have incentives. We're happy to rip up if you're doing good. And at the end of the contract, if we can't pay you what you want, then you can go get a better deal. Which is exactly, Bussin is the perfect example. Alex is McAfee. They're, they're one after another. Well, you got a talent, I mean you have an eye, I mean, you'd be a hell of a GM For this space.


Yeah. For This space. Yeah. Oh, you can't pick, you don't Think you could pick, pick sports stars. I I mean it's a different thing. I that, that listen, I, I'd love to like on a team and try it, but Yeah. For, for this space. Yeah. Like even when you start popping off, like I didn't know where it was at. There's just something that, and this credits you, you, you, you are like, oh, I, I'm not looking away here. There's like something going on. Who do you think the next big sports star in media is? Who? So what level? Who, who do we say is like a real unknown? Yeah. Hmm. It's hard. I don't know. All the people I know of are known if they were unknown, I try, You know, my You'd already have a Yeah.


Yeah. I mean we just hired Gruden. Yeah. Who, who was already top of the game and obviously had fella. He's a monster. He's gonna be right back at the top. Yeah. He's, he's just unbelievable. He gets it, gets It. He can talk, he can talk. He's somebody you don't wanna look away. And I've met a bunch of different people through him. It's like they don't have it. Like you can see why he got where he did. And he can tell stories. You need people that can tell stories and Captivate. Like again, yes. Do you wanna turn the channel on this guy or not? Right. You mentioned Gruden and You know, he had a hundred million dollar contract that got, I think they're in mediation right now trying to get that resolved because You know, he got, he got let go. I think he has still like six, seven years on the deal. Right. So they're trying to figure that out.


So how do you go to a John Gruden? 'cause You know he got X amount of dollars. Is it a situation where, You know, he likes to talk, he has something to say and you want to give him that platform in order to say it? Yeah. So for him, he started putting out videos. Okay. So, and I just saw it and right away I'm like, oh my God. Like I, again, I'm not turned away. And we reached out, we're like, would you ever be interested in talking? Flew out to Orlando, actually met him, hit it off and, and he was ready to go. I think he was ready to just get back in this world. Right. Are you afraid of losing him to coaching? I'd be stunned if he's not an NFL coach at sometime against Stunned. I don't not, I don't think he's gonna be like tomorrow. But the guy eats lives, bleeds football, so I think that's what he loves.


Lemme ask you this. There are some emails that got leaked. Well I don't know who leaked or maybe You know who leaked him. Maybe he's talked to you about, Heath has an idea who he thinks leaked those to do to damage his reputation, his credibility. Are you surprised he got su fired because of that? No, not in the way that it sounded like it went down. Sounded like they were gonna keep, I mean this is my theory before, but he called Goodell an anti football. Well that didn't help. Yeah. Right. And then guess, guess who's reading? And as someone who's coming from that, I, I know that guy can hold the grudge a little bit. I don't think he loved that. And he is like, I'm gonna fuck this guy. And and he got caught up in that whole Washington Thing.


Washington Situation. Yeah. And, and suddenly the only emails being leaked are about him. Right. So I think I, I think they were like, we're gonna get this guy outta here. Wow. You mentioned PP Mac and what he's been able to do. You talk about a punter and, and he was a very good punter, but punters don't normally parlay what they did on the field until media careers off the field. Yep. That normally belongs to quarterbacks. Maybe high level players that had a big name when they played and they parlayed the, on that name. Moving forward, how do you think McAfee has been able to be so successful? It's talent. Like, I mean, the second you see him, it's, it, it it, he was a super talented guy. He was very funny and very talented when he was a punch and indie Yeah.


Was already kind like an Yeah. That swag. Yeah. Yeah. Kind of like an indie legend. But I remember I hired him, he said he wanted to be like WE Champion like three days after I met him. Like that's one of his goals. And he worked his ass off. Yeah. And he's, but combine all that with, he's super talented. So that, that's why How were you able to build around? How were you able to build around him? So what he did, Barsol was already huge at the time. We hired him and we put out, hey, we're doing a casting for McAfee. Like, and just all Barsol people showed up. He picked the team he wanted around him and ran that office in Indianapolis. Wow. How do you feel like, you mentioned Alex Cooper left McAfee.


I think McAfee might've been the first one to leave. Well the first was at Jenna Marbles. Okay. Jenna then, I don't know, was It Alex or P Mac? I think it was Alex. Then McAfee and I'm probably in now Bussin, I'm probably forgetting a couple others. But yeah, how do I feel when they leave? Yeah. It's bittersweet. I think. I think, I think it's an endorsement of what we're doing. Like a new person coming up, I can be, Hey look at these. They all went and got multimillion dollar contracts. Right. So we're a good place to build that career. It weakens us and it's pressure because when someone leaves like that, you gotta replace 'em. Find the next guy. Right. Again, I keep saying it, it's a very sports team model.


Like you can't pay everybody the max salary. Correct. Because then you're not gonna have no office, you gonna have nobody. Right. So that's what it is. And, and I know that going in, but it still sucks. McAfee said the quote, he left Barstool part because the lack of transparency with the business operations of the company. Yep. I think that's, I think that that part he and I disagree on. Now there are certainly something to be said, like maybe a check was late or anything like that. But, but The check late. Yeah. Like Check can't be late that day. But it's like a I got operations, I got people gotta pay. Yeah. No, he's making plenty. It's like a commission check. We gotta wait till Like, oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. I see what you Said. Yeah. Like the thing, not like his regular salary.


Right. And he was kind of in a, a hybrid. So let me give you an example. PMT Pat McAfee, if our salespeople are out pitching it, and at the time PM t's dwarfing McAfee, which it was at the time, obviously no longer. He did, he wasn't a full-time. He got like a share of what was sold. PMT didn't, but it could appear to an outside person. Well they want all the sales to go to PMT as opposed to me. 'cause they don't have to share the commission. Right. Sales guys don't get, sales guys just want the commission. Whatever these sell. Yes. Whatever they sell, they want, they want their 4% off the top. If, if, if the client is like, I'm doing PMT, our salespeople aren't gonna be like, well go to McAfee because we gotta do that.


So I could see how he would say maybe it wasn't transparent, but in no way were we trying to screw McAfee, anything like that. He has said that about the business. At the same time be like, I like Dave and Eric. 'cause I don't agree with that part of it at all. Right. At all. You mentioned Alex, that you lost her. Do you remember that last conversation that you had with Alex? The very last one? Yeah. I mean, I still talk to her time to time. No, there was nothing specific with her. I knew the deal and, and almost everybody who leaves us will take a hometown discount. Right. Because they like working. It's kinda like, You know, Compton will talked about, it's like you leave the NFL and we're kind of like a team. There's a lot of us. We bust balls, locker room vibe.


But she told me what the offer and it's like, if you can get close, I'll stay. And and we couldn't get close. Yeah. 'cause first like 60 million, then 1 25 and then she just got another like that. Yeah. She's, she's, she's a megastar and she's somebody like the first time I met her, right, I saw sizzle reel and I'm like, who made this for you? She's like, I did, I learned how to edit. I'm like, done, signed up. You're, let's do it. So she's self-motivated. Very smart. What made her special? That what I just said. So like, you see a lot of people who, who don't put in the work to learn how, like it, the beauty of nowadays, there's a lot of people. I get a hundred emails a day, Hey, I'm super funny, I'd fit in, I can do this, I can do that.


All right, show me a reel. Show me what you've done. Zip they got nothing. The people, the internet, you can go do it. You can be self-motivated, you can put out a hundred episodes, you can do whatever. So she was self-motivated, right? She knew what she wanted to do. She learned how to edit. She had a very like, motivated, clear vision of what she wanted. And it was unique. Yeah. People hadn't done what she did at the time.


You've heard of speed dating, right? You meet a bunch of people in one goal quickly making connections. Well, what if I told you there's something just like that? But for hiring, if you're running a business and need to find great talent, imagine meeting several qualified candidates at once all at a designated time. Well, good news. There is zip intro from ZipRecruiter. You can post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates tomorrow. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ziprecruiter.com/shesha. Zip intro lets you meet and assess excellent candidates through back to back video calls. Pick a time that works for you and zip intro takes care of finding and scheduling the perfect candidates. Then you get to choose who you want to meet and you'll be talking to great people as soon as tomorrow. It's that easy. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with new zip intro only from ZipRecruiter. The number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ziprecruiter.com/shehe. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/shehe. Zip intro post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


I had my, I had a college coach told me that I thought about transferring when I became, I was a college All American and was conference player of the year. And he says, it's not our job to get you ready to go play somewhere else. I mean, it's a blessing and a curse because they come to you and a lot of these people are really unknown and then all of a sudden they grow into these mega superstars and then they leave you. Yeah. It sucks that, but that's why I wouldn't recommend anybody getting a talent business. Like, You know, one of our biggest stars right now is my dog, miss Peaches Fucking mega star. And I never have to renegotiate. So that's like, you wanna get in the dog business, not the human business. Are you surprised she got as big as she got?


It happened so fast. That caught me off guard. But no, once it went going and, and You know, once you start that, that mountain, she became like almost a female op. Right. She's got these huge guests and I mean, she's got Kamala and like that. So no, I I I wasn't, But you still handle, you still do business with you handle a merch. Right. That ended. We used to. Wow. So lemme ask you this because you got a a a a model for merch. How did you, how did you come up with that model? We needed to make money. That's it. Like Yeah. I I told you in the beginning of the interview, we had the, the, the homeless guys selling shirts. Yeah. I, I mean hand out the newspapers.


Right. I bought a bunch of t-shirts as a Barstool Sports on 'em so they could wear it. Well, we let, they lasted one week. I was stuck with these shirts. I had no money. Put the shirt in the newspaper. Hey, buy these shirts. A couple people bought 'em. I'd actually keep count. Hey, we sold seven shirts this week and there'd be a little picture of it. So day one we were just selling merch, hustling needed to find a way to make money. What's your number one selling t-shirt? Oh, What a question. It could be free Brady. That was obviously they're around Iconic moments. I was thinking about the other one, the commissioner with the nose. That's huge. Goodell clown nose. Huge. How did you, how did you, how did you come up with that idea? So there was a shirt that we sold Charlie Sheen winning.


Like I it must winning have gone viral winning. Yes. So we sold that. It was on a similar blue T-shirt and I just stuck the red nose on him. And, and then we had, I mean, Patricia wore off the plane after they won the Super Bowl. Dude, Sean Payton wore it when he got suspended. It became like a, a basically a sign of rebellion against the league. Just took off. We did this event at Foxborough first game after they won the Super Bowl Goodell's back at Gillette. They're playing the Chiefs. We had 40,000 towels printed with the little clown nose on it. And we, we did an event a week before. I said, Patriot season ticket holders. I need you to show up at this warehouse. I'm gonna give you boxes. You hand them out crafts call me.


They heard about it. They're like, You know, we don't let anything come into the stadium. You're not allowed to promote for free. We're just gonna turn the other cheek on this. We're gonna let these come in. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. So that, that took a life of its own. Have You ever met Roger? Never. He put me in cuffs twice. You Think? You think Roger would sit down? You think he he's willing to bury the hatchet now? I Don't know, maybe now. At one point during COVI, he did a charity auction and it was, you could sit in his basement, watch my night football with him. So I bid 250 grand, won the auction. And then I got an email being like, we did NFL security, did our background check on it.


You've been arrested twice, we're not gonna let you do it. You didn't have to do background. Chad, I've been arrested twice by you guys. I mean, that's, that's the only time I've been, that's the background. That's the Background. You didn't have to do, go dig that. So that was a little bit ago. The thing about it, it's been good for us. If he sat down, it'd be the end of it. Like, I mean, what, what's gonna happen? So, I don't know. It's been a interesting sagt with him. Are You still banned by the NFL? Can you not go to an NFL sanction event? I, I don't believe we're allowed to Media today. Like a couple years ago, they had a picture. It looked like we were like Billy the kid. They had the gang, they had posters up with like bars employees, dude be on the lookout for them to up with ES ESPN with Super Bowl events.


Right. But it, I only do it if the Patriots are in it, which by the way, I still hate, I've gone over it. But you're little like called the National Guard thing. There's no way I, I like very aware of that, Dave, you couldn't have been more than like 16 or 17 would've happened. No, it, It was, it, it was before we had really gotten going and you guys were in the height of it. But Yeah, I hate that speech. Hold on. Caleb Pressley, I mean, Gone. We lost him too. Yes. You know, these gambling companies, they're, they're, if we know how much we're paying people and how much we make, and someone's gonna overpay by 50%.


Now, it may not be an overpay for underdog because I don't know their business model, but I know how much we made and if I, I can't just lose like 10 million a year. Right. Can't, Yeah, because you can only sell so much. Yeah. It's like I go to our salespeople, I'm like, how much can we possibly make on this guy? And I'm happy to even get close to breaking even. Right. And Caleb wanted to stay. Right. So, but They just made him an offer. He just, he couldn't refuse and you couldn't match. And it's gotta be okay. It it, It is. He at one point is like, I, I told him, I'm like, I Think you gotta go. He is like, I'm not gonna go. Like, we hired him outta college. I saw him running down the North Carolina sidelines with this long blonde hair. I'm like, who the hell is that?


And, and so we recruited him as much as we recruited outta college. And he was with us, I don't know, 10, 7, 8 years. So, but at some point everyone's gonna get paid. Hold On. Tom Brady signed him. Did Brady set your Yeah. Yeah. Oh, LA Brady, your guy. Listen, can you stick? Listen, you can do like, You know, when you do a murder mystery, you have strings up on like Yeah. Almost everything comes back to us. Yeah. Your guy, silver Lake Brady's company, they're all underdog. Yeah, they're all bars, still people, right? We were so early. It's like all Barstool. But Dave Brady is your guy. It's like, if you got a girl and y'all break up, she should be off limits to Brady.


He definitely should. He definitely shouldn't try to. Quarter Half the companies won't exist. I agree with you. I agree. It sucks that they're, they're, but it literally, every company is so twisted with like x Barstool people. Right. It's tough. And I Brady's my guy. I don't know if Brady's my guy. I don't know that I'm his Guy. His guy. Okay. Yeah. Like he, He, He, he likes me, but like, I I But he's running a business now. You do? Yeah. I don't think he's like, I, I owe Dave a ton of favors type of thing. Why do you let your, why do you let your, your talent keep their ips? It varies. So if some of them come to us, like Bussin had the IP beforehand, call her daddy, essentially put a gun in my mouth with contract negotiations.


It's like, all right, I don't have, I don't have much wiggle room. And some ips they don't work. Like, all right, let's say you work for me and, and we have Club Club Shaha. Right? What the am I gonna do with Club Shaha if you leave? So some of 'em, it's like, You know, you're just being to a degree. Right. A more leverage. But I want creators to be like, they're a fair place. They're not trying to fuck me over. So, You know, certain ones, if it's just a general podcast that we can change Yeah. But like, What's this sound synonymous with them? Yeah. What are we call her daddy busted With The Boys XY Yeah. What Are we gonna Do with it? You, you actually signed a, a good friend of mine, coach Prime to a contract before he ended up getting, and I think he was still doing it for you when he was at Jackson State.


One of my favorite guys we've had, He told me the same thing. He said, man, I said, man, 'cause I was surprised that he actually signed with Barstool. And he said, man, you got it wrong about Dave. A lot of people got wrong, but I I, and I didn't know what to expect with him. Like, I'm still pretty friendly. Like, I'll text him now all the time. I think he's one of the most, what I was expecting to walk through the door 180 and one of the most impressive, like none of his, none of his success surprised me in the least. After you get to know him, What you, I think the thing is the, the, the public persona versus the private persona is totally different. I remember he told me a story when I was like, man, when he was coming outta college, and he is like, You know, you saw the pump circumstance.


He's like, I researched where guys at my position got drafted and they weren't getting paid. They weren't, he's like, I knew I had to do something to create my brand and my image and, and brilliant. And he is a brilliant, smart, I mean, I, he's literally one of my favorite hires that we've Ever had. You signed million dollars worth of Game, Willie Wallo and Gillie. How did you, how did You know about them before you signed him? So how much did You know About that? We have a guy, AONE, who's a battle rapper, white kid. He's like, he's like basically the real life version of like m ine m Okay. So he's from Philly and he is like, Hey, there's these two guys you may want to go look at. So we went to Philadelphia, sat down, had dinner with him, wallow well, was outta jail for like five seconds, I think when we met him.


And I remember him being like, I just hustled t-shirts on the side of the road. Like, that's how I'm making money right now. He had his own gear. Right. And again, it's like, that's what we want. Like that's, That that was kind of the model you started With. Yeah, exactly. It's all right. I, and we were sold, we clicked, we got along. They're crazy. And I mean, I don't even know what the hell Gillie is doing now. Run outta the tunnel. Well, that's crazy. That's like the crazy I've seen doing it. It's like the mascot. So, and, and again, it's like we hire 'em, we try to put our gasoline behind them. They're a new demo for us. I don't think most people would be like, oh, Barlow's Urban. And then you let 'em do their thing. Right. How is that, has that investment paid off?


Because normally you, you, I mean, have you made any bad investments? Because we hear about Caleb Pressley, we hear about McAfee, we hear about Bussin, we hear about Alex Cooper, we hear about all the Yeah. There. I mean, we, we, those are big contracts. So you have to be really, really proven at that point to get that type of deal for us. So it's hard to do a bad contract. So those guys, I, wall and Gillie are one of the highest probably contracts we've given out. They're already there. And at the time, if we, being just totally honest, a lot of people have perception of us just a bunch of white guys. Yeah. So there's a diversity ad that they had even Yeah.


Not only being super talented. Yeah, I was wondering about that. DEI stuff. Yeah. It's not D ei, it's Not d ei. Like, You know who we tried to hire who before? And I It's the guys on before they went to Showtime. Oh Yeah. D de All smoke, all the smoke. Jesus, Rome, Jesus and Romero. Oh, okay. Like Before anyone knew who the hell they were. And even like we, we did talk to up all in all that smoke and sometimes Y'all didn't talk to us. What's that? Y'all didn't talk to us? You, you didn't exist yet? I, yeah. Oh no, we was free When I got let go by Fox, we reached out to a lot of people. No, they, They, they were before Fox. Oh, yeah. No, we were talking like pre Covid almost. Oh, okay. Yeah. No, we didn't reach out.


So I was like, you Hadn't Well, I, I didn't honestly know you were let go by Fox. I didn't. I knew you were doing it with Skip. Yeah. And then you showed up on ESPN. I Was like, wow. Don't nobody, don't nobody want to cj, but You kind of, you, you kind of like, I feel like open up after the Fox. Like, like you were more gar. Like, I dunno if this is gonna sound bad. I felt like you were second fiddle to, to skip. Yeah. And then once you got off that show Bloomed. Well, we didn't have nightcap. So Nightcap allows me to be a different person. I think we talked to OCHO at one point. Yeah. Zach Bryant. Why you? Right. Why you have the Diddy, this song for him. Right. So he is, he's dating a girl that was on my podcast. He was dating Brianna Chicken Fry.


Right. Who is a girl who blew up kind of social media. I was doing a TikTok podcast with her. She got paid, offered a $12 million NDA, not to talk about the relationship. I saw the NDA. So in my head, and based on what she said, 12 million, 12 million, She turned it down. She turned it down because she wanted to be able to talk about the relationship. To me, that's somebody's doing real scumbag behavior. So this track came out. You hold grudges, don't you? Like, you don't believe. Yeah, I believe, yeah. I, I I have shit. I believe champagne bottles with my enemy's names engraved. I'm skipper. The, the CEO of Vs. Espn. Espn, yeah. John Skipper. Yeah. So they canceled our SPN show without telling us after one episode.


I was mad, made a champagne bottle like two weeks later, busted for the Coke thing, which makes no sense. That story got held hostage by a random Coke dealer. Anybody who believes that story is outta their Mind. You don't believe that? Huh? You Found a ran you, John Skipper, you found a random Coke dealer on the side of the street and he's holding you hostage or after No, I don't believe that story. So what the hell you think happened? Because the man, he had, he welded so much power in ESPN for such a long period of time. Nothing ran through ESPN without skipper's blessing. I, I I, Something happened that, I don't know, I wasn't there. I I think there's probably a lot of backstory skeletons maybe brought, I don't think it was a Coke dealer. Yeah.


That, that, that, That forced them out. We were talking about busting With The Boys, Taylor Le and Will Compton. How did you, how did you, how did You know know they were, they could be special Saw an, an early episode of theirs and it was just raw, real. And we reached out to 'em. We're like, Hey, you guys are doing something we really haven't seen. Would you be interested in, come on board. So I think we've had 'em for about six years. It's been great. I I I actually love those guys. It sucks they're leaving bus balls, but they just had that it, and, and Will's a monster a lot of times. What you find Taylor's great and, and this isn't really your case, but a lot of times what we found is the guys who were athletes who maybe didn't make all that money and he didn't, he was like, You know, bouncing off, getting cut.


Yeah. They come into the media world and they're just ready to go working their, this is their career. They didn't make it. And Will's been Will's. Will's a megastar. Yeah. What did, did they learn how to do this? Because I think they're set up for a production company. They're doing a production company now, I think. Yeah. They all learn. They, they, they go to the School of Barstool, Get a degree, and They get a degree and then they, they, they graduate make a lot of money. So lemme ask you this, is that it seems to be like this, it is the, the, the gambling deals or the deals that they get once they leave you, that they don't get and they feel they don't get when they're under you. Here's what it is. So we have a a, a gigantic all encompassing DraftKings deal.


Okay? So DraftKings pays us ton of money. They don't necessarily, if, if Bus's with us or not with us, that doesn't change a cent of what Bar Barstool makes. Right? So another gambling company can be like, Hey, we can pay you all this money. We have no way to make that up if it was a different advertiser. Right. If it was a liquor, we can incorporate it, give the money to them. Right. But in this case, it's, it's A gambling deal. Yeah. That's opposite of what Correct. And we have an exclusivity. And DraftKings is paying us the same whether Bussin here or not. Businss here, they, they care me, Dan and some people. So it puts us behind the eight ball. And these guys have infinity money. These gambling companies right now, they're spending, You know, they're spending like wildfire.


They do. Yeah. Do you not have a gambling deal? Does he not? So they wanted to split the revenue with you. Who Bussin. So like you said, you have this deal, you have an all-encompassing gambling deal. So I wanna Go back to your gambling deal. It's not, it's not very good. I don't really wanna talk about it, but that's nothing here. So you have this all-encompassing deal. And so basically, okay, bar Stool, we are gonna give you, let's just say for I'm throwing out a, a, a number, 70 million. And so you're like, okay, this show bar, I'm gonna give you guys 2 million of this, this show, I'm gonna give you 1.5 million of this and this show. I'm gonna give you 3 million of this. Pretty much.


And now there's different people. Some people like if you advertise with me, it or or pardon my take, that doesn't get cut at all. Those are like shows we own, right? Spit and Chicklets. Yes. Bussin, yes. But there's no way it's gonna be near what they Get, where they can get on their own if a gambling deal just reached out directly to Them. Correct. Yeah. And then they can still go sell their other ads on top of that. Right? So I, I think Will and Taylor said they would've taken 40%. Like they, if we, they are getting a 40% and I mean, will was calling, he's like, how can I stay? And I won it. I made the most aggressive offer I've made at Barstool to keep them. Yes. And I just couldn't do it. You get to a point, it's like how You know The company, it just doesn't make sense.


Yeah. You can't Do it if it doesn't make dollars, it doesn't make sense. And if it doesn't make sense, it doesn't make dollars. That's A good, good Slogan. So what have you learned from each situation? Talent leaving? Because it doesn't seem like if I sit here with you, Dave, it doesn't seem, it doesn't seem to me that you bear any animosity. It, It, it, it's how you leave. Like I, I had a problem with Jenna Mars, the way she left when she left. But as long as you do the right thing, I know it going in. Like I, there's, You know, if somebody left for less money or similar money even then I don't, I'd be like, why? Like I don't, we treat you well, but I can't really begrudge any of the, because I do the same thing.


Like if, if that's me, I'm probably making the same decision there. Right? So, but it does suck. Do you ever regret like, man, bro, bro, we put this gas behind you, bro, we blew you up and this how you do your boy. No. I mean the call her daddy thing. Yeah, that became a real situation. And it could have ended really ugly and it didn't, but maybe it's maybe petty. Like most of the people graduate, like when I say graduate going to, they'll come back, they'll be like, yeah, I owe Bartol a lot. Like, thank you. And so, no, I don't, I don't really have that, that, and I'm a petty guy.


Get, I almost have it on lesser people. Like people who, who's like irrelevant. If someone goes to a competi, like there's a guy at Underdog who tried to poach our like producers and that drove me nuts. It's like you won't even know who the fuck they are if you don't work here. That's a little different talent who's on contracts, right? Like, no, it doesn't. It doesn't. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever pla podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to club. She, she profile. And I'll see you there. You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts asked.