
You're listening to an IHeart podcast.


Okay? Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Memorial Day Doorbuster deals are here at Lowe's right now. Rewards members. Save $80 on the Master Forge four burner gas Grill now. Just 1 49 plus rewards members. Save $900 on the Lowe's exclusive High Cents French Door refrigerator now only 9 99. Lowe's, we help you save valid through 5 26. Selection varies by location while supplies last. See lows.com for more details, programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details of lows.com/terms subject to change.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Dito Handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice refreshing. Easy Summer, winter, spring, totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, the perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour You should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Wanna pull off the season's freshest trends? You just need the right shoes. That's where Designer Shoe Warehouse comes in. Loving wide leg jeans. Pair them with sleek, low profile sneakers, obsessed with the sheer trend. Try it with mesh flats. Peeling boho, comfy sandals. Nail the whole free spirited thing. Find on-trend shoes from the brands you love. Like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at DSW. The volume


Man y'all ever go get a new phone and be like, man, this is a good promo. And then a couple months later, surprise, your bill is totally different. But with Boost Mobile Man, it's $25 for everything. It ain't no price hikes. When I say $25 for everything, I mean $25 for everything. And it's forever. Forever, ever, forever, ever. Boost Mobile is now a legit nationwide 5G network. They've invested billions of dollars across the country. Listen, Visit Boost Mobile dot com or here to your local Boost stores today and tap in on unlimited talk text and data. $25 a month forever. They ain't switching up. That's $25 forever. Text talk data no matter what. Just $25 5G speed is not available in areas after 30 gigabytes. Customers may experience slower speeds. Customers pay $25 a month as long as they remain active on Boost Mobile's unlimited plan. Tap in Boost Mobile dot com Man. Y'all better tap in $25, man, forever.


All right, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. Listen, it's a special episode. We got a special guest, but we gotta start with a special announcement man. New sponsor to the show. Be here. Who fucking with us Man? Boost Mobile. We appreciate y'all, man. Yeah, like I said before, me and the guys was talking, man we need, we need the next Tail Church back man. Come on man. We gotta do to get the next Tail Church back. We trying to shoot a commercial for y'all for it. So Come on man. Tap in Boost Mobile five 20. We locked in. Bring back my I five 30 with the side button. You know what I'm saying? Change that sim card out when things get tricky, You know the vibes. Shout to Boost. Mobile man. Special episode. We in Vegas with it. Big three. We got a special guest. We gonna introduce him.


Last we to my far left. We got my dog, Bishop B heading out the Prairie Leagues. How you what? Nasty. What's Hating? Nasty. Excited for this one man. We definitely got a legend. I don't be saying legend a lot, but this is one for show in the city for sure. Real legend. Now we gonna talk about the shoe game later in the episode og, but You know what I'm saying. We know you keep the feasts right? Nike man for show Black Air Force one. Have you ever seen those before? I have. I got a cup pair. Have you ever seen those with the white laces? Because that's his staple. That's his thing. He wear the black forces with the white laces. I don't fuck with that though. You know what I'm saying? Ain't fuck with that. But it's all good man. You can do that though, You know what I'm saying? I'm going all black laces man. You gotta go all black out man. You gotta black that out like his tent out man. You know what I'm saying? You See how you got that white trim in that shirt?


Shirt? But it, it'll work. It'll work the bus if you get a fit with the black pants, with the, the black white stripe on the arm. So you'll be cold in a motherfucker. My mama. Me you feel? Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna Get what kind of socks? What color socks you gonna go? We gonna Do black. We gonna do black with the white? Yeah. Wet. Want get it playing. Get it. Yeah, get it. Yes sir. We gonna tap man. Make sure we get GP the, the black ups the right way. Nah, for sure. What's up to my right? My dog Young Nacho. Yo. T how you what? I'm chilling bro. We got a legend. The villain like be here said it should be a good episode. Come on man. We wait for we talk a lot shit. We talk a lot of shit. It's gonna be a good Yes sir. What shit Talk. We going do All of the above man.


Listen man. We got a special guest in the building, man. One of the best to ever do it. Hall of Fame. One of the coldest, man. You know what it is? The glove GP in the building Big do. We appreciate you sliding on us, man. Appreciate y'all man. Y'all nephews with me man. You know I'm the OG man, but it is all good. I love boy all y'all man. It's all good. You know what I'm saying? I, I like what y'all doing man. Because we gotta get our black presence out here with all these avenues that we doing with these shows, man. We gotta be the ones that make people understand that we can do other things and play sports and all that other stuff. Man. We can be out on this social media and do it and y'all do it the right way. Give a message out to this stuff man.


And let's do it man. You know what I'm saying? Appreciate that. That's why I'm on here man. Because I want everybody to understand, man, we, we ain't just out here to be killing and all this crazy stuff. Yeah. We out here for some positive stuff For sure. It's definitely man, listen now this show we love, You know what I'm saying? Keep the feats right. You got some of the coldest shoes. Basketball history in facts. I don't wanna skip around, but what's that moment like with GP fines that he getting his own signature shoe? You know what? That that, that's crazy man. That just mean You know you doing work. Yeah. You know, you doing work when a, when a company like Nike could come or say look here man, we don't want you just to be in a shoe. We want you to have your shoe. Yeah. And when they came at me and talk about the Glove man and all that other stuff and then they said they want me to be a part of making the shoe, You know what I'm saying?


Usually they just give you a shoe and say, yo, this is it. They wanted me to be a part of the shoe and make it me when I'm did the zipper on that thing. That's the glove. Yeah. That's what you zip up and on your hand and it fit like a glove. You know what I'm saying? So when they did that and they started giving me that opportunity, it was, it was a big thing for me. But you gotta understand, we gotta represent them shoes too. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta get out there and play that game the way it is. And I think they thought that they knew that I played that game that way. So they gave me my own signature shoe. But what was a good thing about it is that the shoe stuck and everybody loved it. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And I had to always think about it. What's gonna make these people keep doing the shoe?


Y'all don't get it. The women love the shoe whoop more. 'cause they could throw 'em down and go down with the monkey paw when I had all the different colors in it. So the women was rocking 'em real tough, even with the men. But it was just great to have a shoot. You just gotta be blessed to have a shoot. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Jordan can go with that, You know? PPIC could come with it. Yeah. Penny Hardaway could come with it. You know Ken Griffey, but it ain't too many Bo Jackson. It ain't too many people that got shoes, man. Nah, nah. And do their thing, You know, LeBron and all them dudes and in a different era. But in my era, them dudes, the dudes that we had shoes and we was pretty, we was pretty cold at it.


Yeah. And to see a standard test of times, the dope part because I remember my brother coming home, I had a brother's two older than me came home with him and when you first unzipped him joints, You know what I'm saying? You see the red joints on the side? Yeah. It's like I gotta hat him. Yeah, that was the Kicker though. Yeah. Yeah. I In Minnesota for real? Yeah. I played in them in Minnesota. Did you zip em down? I I warmed up with 'em down and I zipped. Yeah. I seen Jeff go them on there. Man. It it, it was a, a pleasure to see some of the younger guys that come after me to wear my shoe. You know what I'm saying? And it'd be cool when I seen you wearing them, I was like, shit, you, your young guys is fucking with me. You know what I'm Nah, nah. Yeah. And they got, damn, A lot of lot of people get there with my shoe man.


And it is cool. And I appreciate that man. It's always, I always look up to the OGs too. Yeah. And then when you look up to the OGs and show respect like that, it makes us feel good. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And then we treat it another different way with the, with the, with the, with the youngsters. And I, like I said, if it wasn't for Jeff, I wouldn't be on here. You know what I'm saying? I don't really get down with too many podcasts. Hey, just get down with the people I love. Yeah. And it's all good for that. We appreciate That. Just to counter off that you having these times you see somebody, your shoes like, hey, hey, take them shoes off nigga. Like you, you can't wear my shoes like that until you put some work in. Well When they, when they giving that the money to me, I ain't tripped out. You know what I'm saying? They can do it man.


You know what I'm saying? They paying for them. I'm feeling, but you think about it, you be like, nigga, you really can't get out on my shit. You know what I'm saying? But it's cool though, You know, but it just shows homage to, to me, You know what I'm saying? Even when I went into the, the cannabis business and everybody smoking my, my, my, my one of my baby Strands, Baby my strands. You know what I'm saying? I can't say, You know, don't smoke it. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? I can't say don't smoke it, man. You know what I'm saying? But it's good man. And you look at some dudes, I be like, dude, you in my shooting, you ain't really getting it like that. You know what I'm saying? But it's cool though man, because they paying homage to me man. For sure.


And don't nobody ever grew up talking about, man, they gonna have a shoot man. And everybody wearing they thing, man. Yeah. I came outta Oakland, California, man in the hood and I, I didn't never think that I was gonna be who I am. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So it it, it just, I just respect everything that people get and they respect me and it's good man. I, I just think that a lot of people look up to me the way they look up to me. You know what I'm saying? Because like you said, people used to come to me and be like, man, I had your shoe when I was there. I had my mama take my last money, man, that was my Christmas gift. I'd be like, man, god, me is that real? But it, it, it's though, it's a good, it's a good feeling for me that I, I touch people's lives like that.


You know what I'm saying? And that's great for me to, to to see, hear that and see that. Most definitely. And especially in our community, like the sneak thing, especially I grew up hoop and stuff like that. Don't matter what you had going on, it's a special moment. Even though, You know, it's just a shoe. You just keep, You know what I'm saying? Wear on to keep your feet safe. It idolize the moment for you. Right. So just like to be an Iconic moment in people's lives. That's dope as hell man. Yeah. Yeah. And You know what I'm gonna do for y'all man? Y'all don't gimme y'all sizes, man, sir. And I, yes sir. I'm gonna send y'all some of the gloves, man. They gonna be coming back out in about another year, man. I'm gonna send y'all the black joints, You know what I'm saying? Yes sir. Black joints, man. We appreciate The real black joints. Black, You know, send y'all gift. Y'all man them things man.


Yeah. You know I got a lot of 'em here man. With the Miami Heat ones is here man. They my house here. Mm. So I got 'em man. So I'm gonna gift y'all that man. Y y'all get down with them man. It's all good. We gonna do that Man. Most definitely. And we're gonna get off show. So I'm, You know what I'm saying, this g the building how it is like to, You know, you had the own shoot and then you had the Jordan like PEs in Jordan. Yeah. Now to see them re-released, You know what I'm saying? Like you had that flavor back then. What's that like to see that like in every avenue of the shoe, you still just killing it. Lemme tell you something y'all, y'all know I get at me, me and Jordan was we, we Clyde here. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? We get at it. Right. So during that time, man, it was one of them things, man. I wanted to change some stuff that I was doing.


Okay. You know what I'm saying? I just got traded from the, the Seattle Supersonics. A lot of things was going in my mind, man. I wanted to change my life. So Nike came at me man. And Jordan them came at me and they, they came at me and j kid, they wanted to do a Oakland thing. They wanted both of us to get in their thing. I didn't really want to change shoes, but I said, man, let me try man. Lemme see how much funk I can get in and, and this Jordan 'cause he was getting big really, really big. Yeah. At this time in this shoe game. And so when they came, I told 'em, man, only way I'm gonna wear 'em is that they gotta gimme some funk. And they gave me some funk, man. When I went to, when I went to the Lakers In the, gave some funk. You had some funk.


The only, I like white hard funk man. And I, and they, they was giving me some wave colors. That was dope. You know what I'm saying? So I said, hey, do. And we did it and I stayed for two years. Then I went back when I went to Miami. Yeah. I went back to my thing and won the championship in my things. You know what I'm saying? So it was cool. Was Hard, man. I want to ask you, 'cause we've been seeing you around, You know what I'm saying? You always around basketball, which is super dope. What's that feeling like to see your kid like, You know what I'm saying? Have a great career in the NBA. You know what, I criticize my son so much man. I, I just told him it wasn't gonna be nothing and he proved me wrong like what my daddy did to me. Mm.


Now what's so good about this is I could be a dad at the first time I was thinking about myself how I played and I want him to play that way. Mm. Y'all gotta understand man. It's only one Gary Payton and that's me. And I just named my son after. That's it. So I told my son, I said, look here man, I know you mad at me. We, we got into a situation where our relationship wasn't really, really cool because of that. And I just told him, look, when he made a decision to go to Oregon State behind me, that was a big deal for me for him. 'cause I really didn't think he was going do that. You know what I'm saying? So I tell him all the time.


I said, man, look here, don't ever Think you gotta be like me. Mm. It ain't gonna work that way. I said, if you want to be like be anything with me, just get your picture up aside of me and let us be two legends together. That's hard. Put your, your picture aside of me. When we, when I got my, my number retired at Oregon State, which he's gonna get his retired at Oregon State. Just put your, your your picture up a next mind and then we ain't gotta say nothing, we can just say we two legends. You know what I'm saying? So don't never compel yourself to me, You know, 'cause y'all understand. I don't really know if he my kid anyway 'cause he got too much athletic shit. I think that's mailman.


So You know What I'm saying? Hell Yeah. That motherfucker be dunking on motherfuckers. So I be like, woo. You know what I'm saying? Beyonce for real, man. I'm a lay up king. You, I ain't trying to do all that. But he, You know, he, he a athletic man. But the best thing I like about my kid is that when people come up to me, they don't talk about basketball. They talk about how good a person he's understand, You know, how sweet he is and how good he is, man. Yeah. That makes a dad Yeah. Feel better. Yeah. Because I know I did what I did I had to do as a parent. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I know. I wasn't around all the time, you guys being at all the stuff he wanted me to be at because I was on his road doing the things I was doing and doing everything other things.


You know what I'm saying? Yes sir. But as I went home, I became a parent. So when I sit in them stands now I look at myself as being a parent. Yeah. It's more fulfilling for me to see him like that. You know what I'm saying? Instead of a basketball player. And that's the greatest feeling to be a dad for sure. Man. He his competitor too though. You know, defense is about effort and I don't know if you that trickled down from you 'cause you a great defender, but he's one of those lockdown defenders. Like every time he subs in the game, You know he is going on the best player. He gonna compete. And it is been like that since Washington. Yeah. When I seen him when he was on Washington, he played against something. I'm like, man, don't play with the ball around him. He gonna steal it. That's something that you like put into his head like, hey you gonna make it, you gotta play defense Jeff.


That is because he was around me so much. Okay. And I told him to be a a two-way defender is very valuable to anybody.


Listen, the NBA finals are almost here and every play could lead up to the moment that changes everything. This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and most importantly the action never lets up. And with the Draft King sports book and official sports betting part of the NBA, you don't just watch the games, you live it. And here's the gift for all you new customers. Use that code club five 20 and bet just $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. But you only get that 300 if your original bet hits. That's called Club five 20 for all new customers. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your original bet wins only at DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself. So we all made mistakes, right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and they did not go over well with the fans. The grease hold thing, it turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing it back. The OG cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Your mental health matters and there are things that take place every single day that could test those limits. Therapy has evolved. It's not for quote unquote people who are crazy, but for everyday people who could use a little bit of help, like me and you, mental health awareness is growing, but there's still progress to be made. 26% of Americans who participated in a recent survey say they have avoided seeking mental health support due to the fear of judgment. And when you hesitate to get help, it doesn't just affect you. It affects our friends and families. This mental health awareness month, let's encourage everyone to take care of the wellbeing and break the stigma. The world is better where people are healthy and happy. I myself can testify and say I have benefited from therapy as well. Sometimes having an extra set of ears can make the world of a difference. And listen, BetterHelp has over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapist from a diverse network of over 30,000 likes and professionals. In addition, BetterHelp is fully online, convenient, also affordable, serving over 5 million people worldwide. And listen, if you give it a try and you and your therapist are involved the right way, we can get you with the right professional and no extra cost. We're all better with help. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash club to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp htlp.com/club.


Interested in investing in Bitcoin but not sure how to get started? Well, with the Gemini credit card, you can dip your toes into Bitcoin without even trying. Just spend like you normally do groceries, gas, or a night out and instantly earn up to 4% back in Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos straight to your account with no annual fee. The Gemini credit card is pretty much a no brainer. And right now you can grab a $200 Bitcoin intro bonus. So go to gemini.com/card to learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Go to gemini.com/card. Start building your Bitcoin slash now terms apply. The Gemini credit card is issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend $3,000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content is not investment advice and trading crypto involves risk for more details on rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Ryan Reynolds here for Mint Mobile. The message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with Mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


If you could go into a game and score 30 and then the guys score 36, that's a wash. Yeah, it's six points different. If you can go in a game and you score 30 and hold him to 20 or 16, you've won the game by 14 or or 12 or 10. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. So you've done your job. So what he did was with his long arms, he became that thing. But his mentality is that he don't have to score, he can just lock you down. Yeah. What I like about him is every time he get in the game, he always tell the person, let me guard the best person on here. Yeah. And that's what I like about him. Yeah. He guards always the best defender. I hate this game now because them dudes try to shy away from guarding the best defender.


Yeah. When You know you the best player. So y'all both, y'all both ball it out. But it is what it is. But that's what I love about him. He always wanna guard the best defender. Yeah. And that's interesting say because being just brought it up, we was talking about the playoffs, You know what I'm saying? It's like we don't get the main two players on the team. Even if they play the same position I that we're at each other. No, I miss that shit bro. Yeah, I miss that too. In my era man. 'cause You know me. Yeah. If I play the Jordan, I'm guard Jordan. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? I'm guarding him. Yeah. If I'm gonna, if I gotta go either when Magic was there, I'm gonna guard magic. I don't care how big I was. I'm guarding that boy at John Stockton. I'm guarding him, I'm going Tim Hardaway, I'm guard him. Kevin Johnson. Kevin Johnson. I'm guard him. Yeah. I'm not she away. I'm not straying away from them dudes. I'm going at, they help. See, I want them to get at or I want to get at them because I'm gonna tell you, if I get you down here, you gonna have a problem down there.


Yeah. Because I'm gonna go at you in the offensive end. It was good For a do too. It was good for 20 plus too. Yeah. I'm always gonna get it to you. 'cause if I, because I'm gonna get you on the block and I, I'm gonna tell you head and I, I'm gonna back you in. I'm tell you I'm off. You know I'm saying I Thank you. Forget that About you. It's like barbecue chicken. Like I sold this chat. You get, if I get you on the block, man, I'm gonna kill you. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like did you post up in high school? I didn't. I was gonna say, 'cause I don't know how you got play, Jeff. Lemme tell you how that went down. Right. Two years in the NBI got drafted in 90, right? Yeah. 89, 90. Right. I was horrible for two years in Seattle. They wanted to trade me. Then they changed coaches and went to George Call and they brought in Tim Ger, Tim Ger Rich who came from here, from Tork.


They told us if we don't work out with him in the summer in summer league and we gotta go back to summer league, they're gonna trade us. So when he went, the first thing he did, he brought me in a suite just like this. And he had two TVs. He had one TV that had me playing as a sonic for my two years in one tv. Had me playing as Oregon State. He kicked the TV down with a sonic. Had said, I don't give a shit. I don't want you playing like that, but you play like him. And next thing You know, I said, I'm there. He, I said, what do I have to do? He said, you just gotta be at gym every day. Every day. I tell you, when I went in the gym, he said, I noticed something about you. You're very big and you're very, you're very athletic and you got both hands because I'm, I'm a lefty, but I'm amidst.


He said, I can go both ways. He said, I want you to post up players. So he started putting me on the block, banging me, banging me. And I started working at my game. I started working at the spin and y'all know my spin was, was the coldest, one of the coldest spins in the thing. I started spinning off people and feeling people. And he was like, you gonna be a beast? And then that's what had happened and started posting up people, I started fading away. I started doing, so started going in the middle, I started kicking it out and then he said, ain't nobody gonna be able to stop you. And then I just start doing it all the time. Man, the dope part that you said is that happened after year two. We expect so many high draft picks to come in the league now, from day one to be polished and produced.


It takes time to get good to n Time take time. Everybody's not gonna be good. You know what I'm saying? You come out because you gotta understand everybody up here is good too. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You playing against college players, with college players. How many college, good college players you gonna play against? You gonna play against one or two every now and then. Right. And when you gonna play against them in the NCAA tournament, that's it. So when you get to here, we are the same skill as you and we're probably even better than you. Yeah. So now you gonna work against us all the time. So how you gonna do it? How you gonna be that way? Mm. And that's what it was. And then, You know, in my era, I was going against a lot of people dogs. Lot of dogs man. But they had people at every, everything the the worst dog I ever played with and he was strong was Ms. Richmond.


He changed Out to Mitch Richmond Because he, he he, he got me away from being on the Sacramento and started putting him on me instead of point guards. And he was bigger and he used to pound me a lot stronger far. So he made me a little bit different and then he can come down and score. Yeah. See what I'm saying? So I was always taking the challenge to go play him, but he was wearing me down. So it was like, that's what I wanted to do, man. And I just wanted that challenge every day. I wanted a challenge. Who was your best point guard matchup? John Stockton. By far. He was just a little bit more crafty. Everybody thought he was dirty, but we was just stupid. We just didn't know how to play.


I, it took me six years to figuring him out. And then when I figured him out, when we beat him in the Western conference finals, I figured him out. Yeah. I figured out I can't keep doing the same thing I do with him and try to over match him. I gotta play the same way he played. And I gotta just, every time I pound him, he'll fall and take a charge. Then I start saying, nah. I know he gonna hit out. He gonna think I'm gonna hit him twice, but I'm gonna hit him one time and I'm gonna step off and then shoot the jumper in his face and do everything and then face him up and go around him. He couldn't deal with me that day. And then when I figured him out, it was a little bit different. And then, You know, like everybody know today I idolized him a lot. You know what I'm saying? He's like one of my best friends and You know, and it was just, I I I really love playing against players like that.


You know what I'm saying? Because it got me more of a IQ of the game. Yeah. I and I, John Stock and Tim Hardaway, Kevin Johnson, rod Strickland, rod Strickland, Mooky Blaylock, people like that I wanted to play against man, You know what I'm saying? Because they gave me more game and made me more of a better basketball player. Nah, for sure. For Sure. We gotta talk about Oakland. Yeah. Like we said, my hood. Yeah. The big Leo, You Know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's a lot of talented point guards come outta Oakland. Obviously y'all had a conversation recently on another podcast and y'all was talking about top guards in Oakland. Yeah. And we brung up Dame Littler, Jason Kidd. And you and I went with Dame.


That's my, that's my class. That's the guys I grew up playing against. I think Simba said Simba. Simba might have, He said J Kidd. He said J said J Kid. He said J Kidd. Yeah. Everybody else says you. Right. And I seen what you said, your response. I'd love for you to elaborate a little more on your response. It made sense to me. I I get it because he the OG of the shit. Nah, but when you, when you really start, 'cause obviously y'all dang my guy, You know, Dame that, that's our guy. But yeah, what when you start breaking down, like, hold on, I average 20 points as simple was over there. Said like You did. Yeah. Because people forget any high you score bro.


But yeah. What you said, people forgot how I scored. People think about my defense. Yeah. Y'all gotta understand, man, I was scoring like for eight straight years, I was scoring over 20 points a game fast. You feel what I'm saying? And then I was getting down, locking down people and then averaging eight assists and three steals. That's right. Gotta understand that, that, that, that that's where the gang goes. And people don't understand. I scored over like 21,000 points. People forget that Shit over score. They, they over, they, they, they, they overlooked that. But what I say is about my, my two youngsters, right? Yeah. Jay, I raised him, You know what I'm saying? Y'all gotta understand Jay didn't start scoring until the end of his years of his career. Right. So if we break it down, Jay is a better passer than me.


Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. Defender, he is not, You know, I'm score. He is not, but he's a great IQ guy. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Dame is my youngster, You know what I'm saying? We can't put Dame in that situation right now because he's not not fulfilled all these things that he's done. Yeah. But he's made his mark on the NBA as that shooting and scoring and stuff. Yeah. Game is a little bit different to point guard than us. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Because his era came a little different. Yeah. Fast. It's about scoring here now. It's not about passing the ball, getting other people to, into the game. Jason was a better rebounder than both of us. Right. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. So it's a little bit different than what we do Dame and steal the ball like we stole the ball.


Feel what I'm That's a, that's a big thing. So it's it's it's a little different than what we're talking about eras. Yeah. It's a era thing. Yeah. I get it. Everybody has the opinion about a lot of stuff, but I just say where they from Yeah. From Oakland. You feel what I'm saying? For sure. And we, we breed that. And that's just the way we're different. I'm the og You know what I'm saying? So we, we did a little different, you guys didn't watch me as much. Yeah. But You know who I'm, You know what I'm saying? Y'all didn't watch me as much. We Watch it'll be like that. But it was like you talking about overall era y era is like you say I'm Saying dam and I, because I played, I played played Against you pride.


And I understand that. And I always tell people it's about an era. Yeah. What y'all did. Yeah. That's why I I don't like people to ask me about a goat. Yeah. Because a goat ain't gonna work for me. Okay. 'cause y'all didn't play the same time as each other facts. So I can't tell you about a goat. You know what I'm saying? All of us was good. You feel what I'm saying? I like that. So you just think about stats. That's why people go with, with a goat. Yeah. They think about stats, they say, oh, he won this many, he won that many. But did he play against him? Did he get down at him like that? Nah, they didn't then too many plague against Larry by one of the coldest little motherfuckers I ever seen come on Indiana Spider. You know What, what you talking about? You know what I'm saying? So I'm just saying man, You know, we didn't play against Wil Chamberlain and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar who couldn't stop Scott Hook And, and and, and and and Wil Chamberlain, everybody breaking Wil Chamberlain's records.


Yeah. Feel me? Yeah. They breaking all his records and they go ball. Well he was in seats. He whatever. Well he was 22, 21 still was the same. You know what I'm saying? So we don't do goats here, man. I don't, You know what I'm saying? I don't do goats. So, but the but the point guard thing in Oakland, them three was pretty good. We, us three was pretty damn good. The best point guards ever played Basketball. And we, and, and two of us was in the hall of Fame in top 75. Yo Dame is already on the top. Seven, five. He's gonna be in the hall of Fame. Yeah. We're doing a thing. You know, Dame might be, might score more points than both of us, but it, it is what it is. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And I think when they go to New York and say that stuff, but the point gods, You know, we got the point guards over here in the, and in the bank and this west too.


I don't think it's another, I don't it's a trio like that La La got some point guard To all top 75 Baron Davis. But I'm saying they all top 75 James, if the two made the top 75 bd is, is my, is my youngster. He nice. Which he, if he wouldn't have got hurt, that's a colder it would've been. You know what I'm saying? But if we all three, if we'd have played them three would've been a battle. Yes. Right. You know, understand. But y'all gotta understand though, Paul Pierce is from Oakland, California too. He was born in Oakland, California. You know LA Okay. So we got another top. Yeah. Paul. Yeah.


You know, but Paul Pierce grew up around, around the corner from me. I grew up with his brother and him. Oh, he only, he moved from Oakland when he was 11. Asked for. Thank you. I can't wait. Talk to Paul On my Yeah. I tell him he ain't he he ain't no LA boy. He grew up. So let, let, let me, let me break it down y'all. That's the way the game go. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. So yeah. So we got a lot of top 70 fives and Hall of Famous. You know what I'm saying? So you was the OG


Blending vices signature dynamic storytelling with a high octane world of sports. Vice sports brings an exciting and diverse range of programming that goes beyond the game Catch action packed live events and exclusive sports documentaries and profiles only on vice tv.


So we all made mistakes, right? But on the up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does. 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they ed up and I bring it back. The OG cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Interested in investing in Bitcoin but not sure how to get started. Well with the Gemini credit card, you can dip your toes into Bitcoin without even trying. Just spend like you normally do groceries, gas, or a night out and instantly earn up to 4% back in Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos straight to your account with no annual fee. The Gemini credit card is pretty much a no-brainer. And right now you can grab a $200 Bitcoin intro bonus. So go to gemini.com/card to learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Go to gemini.com/card. Start building your Bitcoin slash now terms apply. The Gemini credit card is issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025. And spend $3,000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content is not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk for more details on rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, that's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At least He grabs the first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all One trip he shimmies the door open steps over the dog. Oh and he stumbles. Oh Right into the kitchen without missing a beat. Jim. Now that's a man who eat his protein packed ocos With 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos Stronger makes everything better because


The 2025 NBA plows get more exciting actually. Yes because this year thanks to dash pass members only deal when they swoosh you score specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any player scores 50 or more points in the playoff game dash pass members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash. Put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more. Use your promo called Wingstop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score sign for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one. Valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game. Must have an active dad pass account terms apply.


Who like showed you the way coming up in Oakland? Like who put the ball in your hands? My daddy. Really man. For real you guys my daddy coach. Everybody. We talking about everybody. Every one of these guys Y you y'all, y'all we talking about my daddy coached and touched hands on. Yeah. So they brought me into that. I really, I really idolized George Gervin who is my stepdad now. Like my step pops and now, but as coming up in the hood in Oakland, my daddy was the one who put hands on me and touched me. You know? And then he touched a lot of them Mean Coach Jay. You know Dame came a little too later because he was in the later era. But he played against my daddy and my daddy's teens and stuff like that.


Yeah. But that was it. You know, you, you gotta understand we had BI Shaw. He had Antonio Davis. Yeah. Greg Falls ad we had all them Cliff Robinson. Hey we had a lot of players. Y'all forgot Bill Russell was from Oakland. Paul SS is from Oakland rp. We done had a lot of basketball players. You know what I'm Saying? You know the dope part about that is that's kind of like how his pops is. Yeah. Coach te in the city. Yeah bro. Everybody System heard. Yeah, I heard about his dad a lot man. He reminds me of my dad a lot. Your dad reminds me of my dad a lot. Coach everybody man. Literally coach. Coach everybody. Coach everybody coach everybody.


Train the nigga or something. And my daddy Did the same thing. So my, but You know it wasn't just about basketball. My pops, my pops used to go around the schools and he see dudes shooting dice over there. They used to say, oh go that go my daddy's. They go that go Mr. P White, white Escalade or whatever, whatever. Yeah man, let's jump over the fence and get up outta here Back. Yeah. Because he gonna get at us. You know what I'm saying? My daddy put life in a lot of people man. Yeah. He taught him how to cook. He taught 'em how to do every other things. And that's what I thought about why I went into coaching now. Yeah. Why I coach the young guys now. 'cause I wanna make 'em Men. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody ain't gonna make it in basketball or a profession. They gotta understand that their life is more, more than sports.


Their life is everything. 'cause they're gonna be a parent at one time too. How fast feel me? And you gotta raise somebody. And that's what I always tell them. And that's what I, that's why I got into coaching because I want to tell them that. And I understand that you can't always be who you wanna be. Yeah. But you can be who you wanna be in a different world in a different aspect. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You could be a, a lawyer or a doctor or whatever and make a impact on anybody life. Yeah. And we ought to understand that. Yeah. Yeah. And that's what Joe fatigue as well big about P coach is are alma mater. You know what I'm saying? So the impact you have on them kids, not even from a basketball standpoint, just to show like, hey, you can be something in life Or you can move. Like you can have these morals. Yeah. And be successful other avenues.


It's very important because we don't got that much representation in our community. Absolutely. Wow. And that's what we gotta always be big on. When my daddy gave it to me, I think God told him to pass it on to me and keep it going. You know what I'm saying? Because we gotta catch these young kids. 'cause his mental health stuff is really killing us right now. Yeah. They don't know how to respond to people and say, yo, I know you helping me, let me let you help me. Let me tell you about my situation because I can get a lot of these kids outta these situations and get 'em into some help programs and do the things that they have to do. But you have to give them some support. Yeah. Because none of them really grew up like that. They only grew up with a mama fast. Me and Jeff grew up with a daddy.


Yeah. See our daddy was, was a big part of life. Most of the people didn't grow up with a pops like that. So we gotta understand that. And most of my guys who I deal with didn't grow up with daddies like that. They grew up mamas where they can go on the streets and do whatever they wanted to do any time of their life. And my daddy was there to take, take responsibilities for 'em. So we have to understand that. So we gotta give them that support. Gotta give it to him. That's A definitely, I definitely wanna ask you too, Sean Kent from our state, he's an Indiana, You know what I mean? Alcart Indiana. Alt Indiana, Indiana. That's nah, for sure. Right. Man. You know, I know. All of us wanted to ask you, man, how was that playing with him, man?


Like that was crazy scene. That was a crazy duo on NBA Jams. What? Iconic NBA Jams Turned this out. No real shit. Real shit. Hey listen man, let lemme tell y'all about that. Everybody talk about this live city. No, no disrespect to CP and them and all that, but we was the first ones with Live City. Me and Sean was the first ones to get it like that. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Playing with him for seven years was amazing. Me and him are are partners now in the cannabis business and all that stuff. Now I see Sean on a regular basis, man. And playing with him and becoming a friend with him is more important than that.


Yeah. That's how a chemistry comes together. And that's how we did it. And people just don't understand. I I I, I think, and I, and I always tell Sean this, I said, if we wouldn't have got our ego messed up and his ego messed up, if he would've stayed with me more years, he'd be a hall of Fame by now. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. 'cause we'd have made a bigger dynasty than what we did. We were one of the 2, 1, 1 of one of the greatest duos to ever play with each other. My mama and what I think. And I'm trying to get him in the hall of Fame now for what he, what he's done with me. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So I just think I had a blessing to play with a person with that much talent because I can just throw the ball up to him and he would go get it anywhere.


But people don't understand how good he was with the basketball and chu in the mid, in the mid, in the mid range game and his back to the basket. He was a beast. You know what I'm saying? And so people didn't really understand that about how much freak ability he had. Yeah. Man, you feel what I'm saying? He had a freak ability that nobody really, really knew that he had. But if you see it every time y'all watch our highlights of all our gangs, he, he did some stuff that was so incredible to me, man. I used to be like, wow, You know, I'm playing with this coach, this dude. Oh, we used to see them lobster you throw. Yeah. Yeah. I used, he used to always tell me, he used to always tell me, man, give me a challenge today, man.


Throw that, throw it somewhere where I don't, you don't think I'm gonna go get it. And I was just crazy. Throw it up there and he'll go get it. Was that instant chemistry though? It was, well him it was. Yeah. What what happened was in 89 I was in college and he was just coming out. Right. And Sonny's drafted him and they wanted a point guard. And then Bernie Bickerstaff seen me and he said, I think this is the kid that we gonna get. So he started telling Sean to watch me and Sean started watching me and I was in college. He hit me every now and then. And then they, they didn't have a chance to get me at all. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And then all of a sudden they fool around and didn't make the playoffs and then got in the lottery.


Yeah. And their balls was a chance of, well Dallas was this year, damn. To get the Cooper flag. Oh shit. Their chances were 12% to get the, the number two pick or the number one pick and they fool around and got the number two pick. Wow. Oh, so you had the script. Okay. And I knew I wasn't gonna go no lower than one or two and New Jersey wanted me, but they wanted a point guard and a big man and Derek Coleman was coming out. Yeah. And then Kenny Anderson was gonna come out next year. So I went and told 'em, don't draft me. You can get Kenny the next year. So I wanted to go to Seattle. So, and then, oh shit, they drafted Derek Coleman and then I went, I went number two to Seattle. Yeah. See, so he was a part of the bullshit earlier.


Yeah. He, that shit ain't real bro. Ain't no way Dallas. Get that peak, man. It happens man. We man, they, they crucified my boy. Miko man. Yeah, man. Because he, he traded Luca man, but then all of a sudden the bad luck with him, even worse when they made all the mama got all them injuries. Yeah. Then all of a sudden big bang, bang, bingo long I went into one of them old crazy liquor stones, man. And paid 10 and got a lottery. And what I do, I hit, I hit for that billion me and got the boy, they got that.


Boy, boy, Man, I listen, that's one of my favorite BA moments man, that they showed that draft room like yes. I'm like, they cheated man. Ain't No way it's supposed to Happen bro. There's no way bro. Ain't no way it's supposed to happen, Man. No way. Bing along. I, I knew he was going to a whack team. He a, a team that was going be losing and all a sudden I said, man, you hit the lottery man. What you at the lottery? And hit the lottery. And then Those teams were at the bottom of The lottery. No, he, their chances were zero. Oh yeah, I know, but not fact. Do you understand it was at 0.8 for Dallas to get that pick Right. You understand me? They went to the finals last year That wasn't supposed to, they Was in the finals. They lost to Boston.


You feel what I'm saying? So Poor, tall jazz ass. It is what it is. But You know what I feel for my boy j Kidd as a head coach. I love it. And then I feel for Nico, man. Nico was my rep at Nike. Yeah. That's like a little brother to me, man. He always looked up to me like that. So I feel for him because what he took, You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. People don't understand. He's the president and general manager. He can't make them calls on his own. No way. Talking, a owner has to make that call. He can't just say, I'll make the call. 'cause he gonna get, he was gonna to get fired. So all you fans out there messing at him like that, get up outta here with that. He wasn't his call man to make that decision.


He made a decision on what he was told to do or what it was, it was supposed to be done. And that's what they did. So I'm happy for him. What's going to happen. You get Kyrie back after this injury, man. Yeah. Which he'll probably come back in January or something like that and they'll be rolling. They'll make a, they'll make a thing ad come back. What it is, get all the guys get healthy. They got win. 'cause if they whole team get healthy, then they, it's gonna be a beast. Yeah. Dallas gonna be a beast. Speaking of the finals, I mean, we all watched the last dance. I wanted to ask you on this show, how did it feel knowing you going to the finals against Michael Jordan In 96? That was great, man. You remember I got on, I got on the cover sports field straight.


He said Michigan impossible. I had just won to defensive player of the year. First point guard to ever do it. And it was just something where people didn't know I got hurt. I I tore my calf muscle. Yeah. And I, and I, and I really went and couldn't move. What I did was I went in there and they found a, a solution. They found a little miracle, miracle thing to do. It got my leg better. I wrapped it up a little bit and then all of a sudden, You know, it's a miracle. You know what I saying? So then I, I started playing and I started feeling better and better and better. Then we got down too much and then I just started saying, let me guard him. And he was averaging 33 at the time. And then I started making it a PEs for him. Jesus Christ. I started making it a PEs for him.


And then I, I broke it down to 23 and then what coaches do, they knew I started becoming a problem. So they had to make, make to solve the problem. What do you do? You solve a problem. So Jordan was taking it personal with me, which I wanted to happen. And then, You know, Phil Jackson said, nah, let me put somebody bigger on him and, and distract him and make it a problem for him. And he put Pippen on me and Pippen is a bigger player than me. He was six seven. He could be, he's mobile. He was. And they, and it was taking a toll on me. Yeah. Took a real toll on me to try to score and guard Jordan at the same time. And he took a toll on me. Yeah. And then by the time the, the sixth game came, we had broke it down to three, two, that six game came on.


I, I got a little fatigue, You know what I'm saying? And, and they, and they, and they took us out. You know what I'm saying? It is what it is. It just took us out the game. But it was just good bump like who fans to see that, like, that's a hell of a matchup. Like to hold your own against one of the players that we called to go. Like you said in that situation, that's just gotta be dope for you in that moment. It's like, I'm here. It's, You know what? It, it was easy for me because of my mindset. Mm. I thought it was always, I wanted to play against 'em all the time. You remember they were 72 and 10? Yeah. Yeah. We were 64 and 18. Y'all forgot that we were the number two team in the, in the, in the, in the league at the time. And we beat him one, we beat him out of that one 10 outta that 10. So it was like, I just wanted the competition man.


Yeah. I just wanted to Yeah. To, to play the best. You know what I'm saying? I don't stray away from nobody, man. When I played, my daddy always told me, man, if your leg ain't broken, it ain't off. Get on the floor and get it. And that's what I did. I just went and got it and he was always the one to take the competitive to me. I love it. Yeah. Well how Did you respond when you see him laugh? Like I know you competitive. I probably, you probably was laughing too. I laugh right now. I said it is what I wouldn't even Jeff, I wouldn't even respected him if he didn't say that. Yeah. I wouldn't even respected him to say anything like that unless, yeah, because it's his, his, it is his documentary. Yeah, of course. Yeah. I don't care man.


We all knew what the game was and how it was for whoever. Whatever is good. We knew what it was. Nah, for Man. Listen man, OG, we are honored man. We appreciate you pulling up on us, man. It is been a pleasure. Listen man, we can't wait. You got some things in the works, man. We can't wait to see if that happens, man. We ain't gonna say too much. You know what I'm saying? Yes sir. You know I got, I got it all getting it man. You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna get it man. Anytime y'all want me on this five 20 club. I'm with y'all man. Dude. Club five 20, man. Yeah, y'all doing a great job. I told YI respect y'all to the fullest man. This is what I wanna see and, and young guys like y'all man. Get it man. I appreciate that man. Do what y'all wanna do man. And now always man, set a mark for yourself man.


Yes sir. Always when you leave, so especially with you Jeff, you playing the league. Do your thing man. Keep doing this with your boys. Hook it up man. Do it anytime y'all need me. Holler. Holla. Coming in. Boost Mobile Club five 20. We out. We Appreciate it. The volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush. Deodorant fans rebelled. One of the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for Business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business. Chase for Business, make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


Hi, It's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made an Austin, Texas real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice refreshing. Easy Summer, winter, spring, totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, it's a perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour. You should too. Distilled and bottled by fifth Generation Ink. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Wanna feel more creative but don't have the right laptop. lenovo.com can help look through our legendary lineup of AI powered PCs and devices and find the one that fits your passion. Our PCs powered by Intel core ultra processors, as well as cutting edge AI tools allow students to focus, learn, and create with ease. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel Inside plus college students and teachers can get 5% off their order. Shop now on lenovo.com. The future's waiting and it needs you.


You're listening to an iHeart podcast.