
Please welcome aboard the Johnson family. The whole fame's here for the Disney cruise. So, You know, we came to play and listen, the adults are gonna have a ball. First. We're chilling in the Infinity pool onto massages at Census Spa, then gliding into Star Wars Hyperspace Lounge for a toast. We're even gonna kick back with Mickey on Disney's private aisle. That's how we get down, because Disney Cruise Line is where we came to play.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employers respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card Based on the February 2024 Nielsen Report.


Hello, welcome to another very, very special edition of Club Shehe. I am your host, Shannon Sharpe. I'm also the proprie of Club Shehe. Stopping by is not one but two guests. The first guest is one of the most vocally gifted, talented artists we have out today a Grammy Award, an NAACP image award winning singer, a platinum selling songwriter and accomplished actress, a top tier dancer, a chart topping, hit maker, a natural star, a respected role model, multifaceted musician, creative, and entertainer, r and b's. Next superstar, miss Coco Jones. Remember I told you not one, but two. He's a powerhouse vocalist, a Grammy nominated singer, a multi-platinum songwriter chart topping, conquering artist, global musician, sensation genre defying.


And he's my homeboy, the Georgia Boy. Mr. Teddy Williams. All my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won. Slice, got the roll, dice the squat. All my life I've been grinding all my life, grinding my life. Sacrifice, hustle, slice, Mr. Man for Hi, Coco. What's up? Thank you guys for stopping by. Thanks For Having us chat. Oh my goodness. Both of you guys started off doing covers. How do you think that helped your careers?


For me, I think songwriting and, and learning why I like certain songs and how they make me feel, and how to translate that into, You know, my own thing. And I also think, honestly, just being able to have something trendy that brings attention to your name. When you doing covers, You know, it's kind of like you're trying to get that clickbait, right? Yes. Yes. So, You know that attention. Did you ever, did you ever have the fear of like, when you were starting to put yourself your own stuff out there, that there was this like, God, I already did some of these best songs in the world. Like how do I, how do I, how do anything that I do ever gonna compare to that? Yes. Is there that fear? Absolutely. I mean, even still now, I'm like, now I'm comparing myself to myself, You Know?


Yeah. Amen. But I think that what worked for me is just being so honest and so vulnerable that you just feel it. Yeah. You know, if you talking about something real, it's j you just feel that. Yeah. And so I try to just tell the truth and, and, and let it go, because I really can't control that. What about you? Yeah. Say I, I guess same. I think, I think I did go through a phase for a long time where, and I still do, where I'm like, You know, I, I, I feared that somebody was gonna say just like, shut up and sing Shania Twain. You know, and, or, or, or, You know, you sound, you sound way better singing Stevie Wonder Fat Boy than you ever was sound, You know, doing. But I think, I think the biggest thing for me was that I realized every song that I learned also helps me in, in songwriting and, and understanding music better and, and, and portray myself in, in the stuff I love.


And what I think the biggest thing that set me free was that I was able to say, You know, Stevie didn't grow up listening to Stevie or Michael didn't grow up listening to Michael. And so when I, when I have those, when I learn those tools from those people, it also, I guess it's like another tool in the shed that I get to use and get to pay homage and honor Yeah. To those people that I look up to rather than comparing myself so much to them, You know? Yeah. That's a fact. I remember us like playing little bars and little restaurants and stuff coming up, and at the time it was like three hours of like, cover songs for Okay. For 150 bucks split three ways. Wow. And then they wouldn't even give you the bar tab either. So usually we would, we would leave there and it'd be like, Hey, you owe us 30 bucks.


And it was like, No. And I, I remember these same people too. It'd be these same people that would say like, Hey, one day we're gonna like say we had Teddy come here and sing. I'm gonna be able to brag about that forever. You're gonna be such a star and, and to know this, they know this of you. But then would do that, You know, it's like when Yeah. That is Crazy. When somebody knows your worth and gives you significantly less than what your worth and looks at you in the eyes. And, but I also, I think that was, I was accepting that for myself too, You know? Yeah. And, and I just wanted to be heard. And I get that the little exposure from a hundred people in Covington was, was more than enough to suffice for just wanting to be heard. Being able to sing was meant more me than anything, You know? Is this the kind of the path, the direction that you would hoping it would lead you to?


Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. To be here, to be able to sit across from somebody who I think has made such a path that is so specific, You know, I think that's what every creative wants, is to be able to have that creative control, to not have to fit into a certain box and to have people appreciate their music. So yeah, I would say that. Amen. It led to where we Need to be. Teddy, you and Coco, you both guys, you came from football backgrounds. Your dad put you in flag football, you heard you was juicing the guy. Yeah. Really? Yeah. I mean, yes. Before I knew music was like my calling sports was that was it. I think it was like the, the obvious choice. You know, my family, I'm the shortest in my family. Wow. Whoa. Yes. So literally same land of the That's hilarious.


But yeah, I think that's like the natural thing you do with your kids. You put them in a bunch of sports and see where they progress. And I'm so freaking competitive Right. That I just wanted to be the greatest wherever I was. But yeah, Teddy, You, you ball too a little bit, right? Yeah. But I mean, You know, at, at five seven a defensive lineman is, it's not, it's not gonna happen. You know? So I'm so, I'm so happy I found this a little later on. You know, I, I think I was in high school when I like got in the theater with Jesse who was playing guitar and I really found my love for it and was like really thankful for that, that transition in my life. And I mean, with that, I, I see so many kids too that, You know, how many like Tom Brady's or, or, or used there could have been in life, You know, but maybe senior year shattered their ankle and now they're, their whole life built up to this and their whole family's lives built up to this and it can be taken away just like that.


Right. So I'm grateful I found this, this opportunity in my life to, if I, if I break my arm, You know, I can still get up. You can still sing What it A swing, huh? Yeah. Write a hit song about Yeah. You know, be called Cast. Come on. You are about to become a first time father, correct? Yeah, Sure am. And You know what the, the agenda is? I, yeah, but I, She, she, you wanna keep, you wanna keep it a secret? She, she wants to keep it a secret for the time being. If I drop, I, I would like to tell you I really dropped it back. I really like to tell you, but I don't know. Oh, she's actually at the doctor right now too. I dropped dropped before I came. We Were talking earlier. But you're thinking about relocating because you want your child to have a southern accent. Yeah. Amen. Yeah, I wanted, I wanted to Yes, maam. And yes, I mean, of course I, I'll raise so they'll have that, You know, but I, You know, having land in a yard and Yeah.


A trampoline and a tree house and I feel that I, I I want that baby to, to run. I feel that for real. Okay. So I heard that you went to beauty school, Cosmetology. Yeah, I sure did. Yeah, I sure did. What? Please explain. Well, my mama, my mama always did hair coming up. So throughout my whole life I was always like, when I was a kid pulling her hair through caps and cut my friend's hairs and stuff. And you would cut Your friend's Hair. Yeah. Yeah. I was it looking good? Yeah, it's alright, You know? Alright. Yeah, it's alright. I'm, I'm, I'm, it's been a long time, like it's probably been 12, 13 years, so I wouldn't, I wouldn't like go, go to town on any even of you guys right now. Right. I wouldn't, I I I don't, I don't know if I still have it, but, but yeah, I mean I, I used to, I used to cut all the time and, and my mom was like on the, on the thought process of if you, if you wanted to pursue music you could do hair in the meantime and Wow.


So when I went to cosmetology school, she went to actually go get her cosmetology teaching license so we could go together. And so me and my mom went to school Together. Your mom sound like yo role dog. She is. Are You a momma's? Yeah. Yeah. That's written on my forehead, You know what I mean? That's my girl man. My gosh. Wow. That's my first love man. You kidding me? That's my baby. You know what, speaking of tattoos, you have the ones on your eyes too, right? Yeah, sure did. What do say it says tough love Now How much did that hurt? It, It doesn't hurt that much. It's like, it's just the, the needle's gotta be really thin 'cause it, it could puncture. So you do feel your eyeball like bounce, you kind of cry underneath it. It is a weird sensation, but I was like, the Carter three was like my favorite album. Like my, my my ninth grade year, You know, I was like, some of my first parties I went to and like, so the Carter three was like my whole like life at that time and You know, he had the fear of God and I just wanted to be like Lil Wayne.


So, You know, all I ever wanna do, all I ever wanted do is get my eyelids tattooed, You know, because I was like, he's he's fucking cool man. So Wayne, did you ever think about rapping or Was Yeah, I did. You know, actually Teddy Swim started out as that, my first tour I did in March of 2019 before I started doing covers was, was me and my pal Addie, who plays guitar in my band. We, we started doing like some, You know, stuff. We went on our first tour like just rapping and he's great at it. I'm like, You know, I'm, I'm not, I'm not hot at it by any means. I can get it done. But, You know, it just, that was fire. I, that wasn't for me. I'm, I'm a singer though, You know? That wasn't from me. That voice is From God. Ted lemme ask you this. Obviously you mentioned your, your girl and you're about to welcome your first child in this crazy industry that you're in.


How did You know she was the one? Well, I, You know, I, she does the same thing and my dear friend Arsidio Archer hit Ken my a studio a couple years ago and he's like, you gotta hear this girl, I'm working with Ray. And so I, I ticked her out and was like, messaged her like, yo, I love you, you're awesome. And then we met a couple years later, we ended a tour in Atlanta and she was living there and You know, she came to see the show and, and You know, we just hit it off and I shot my shot all strong and you got, You know, and I was, you Was step curry. I was like, girl, I'm trying to shoot my shot. What's up? You know, you gonna come in hot? Man, I'm crying. I didn't wanna wait waste any time. You know, it's like, I, I think, I think it's navigating relationships is already hard enough for people.


I'm just always like, look, okay, do, do you find me attractive? Do I find you attractive? Alright, how do we do with, are we gonna be friends? Are we gonna, You know, let's, let's go ahead and throw this out there before everybody's thinking all weird and Yeah. You know what I mean? I just let, let's, let's just figure out what we are. I love that. I feel like you have to be direct. Yeah. You, I mean at this time in the world, I feel like women are very strong. Yeah. Yeah. Coco, I think a little too strong. Little too little, too little, too strong. I think it could be more balanced depending on what you're going through in life. You might have to put your armor on. Okay. Yeah. But yeah, I do, I do think directness always has been something that worked for me in the world. I, in this industry, I don't wanna feel like you're cutting corners and talking in parables.


'cause what are we saying? What are you talking about? Yeah, just Say it, You know? Yeah. Just say it. Say hit those sprays. Okay. I wanted to ask you, man, I'm looking at you Teddy, you tatted from head to toe. Yes sir. I've never seen someone with tats in their, in the palm. Yeah. Like you have in here. How old were you when you first got started tatting your body and then you like the hell with it? I'm going for it. Well, I, I always wondered one, one of the first things that when I was a kid, You know, I, my mom used to always give us 10, $10 on, on Friday after doing our chores and stuff, we'd get allowance and well, after Sunday after church, my granddad was a pastor, so after church we'd go to this Mexican restaurant and I'd just get it all in the quarters and like put it in the little machines and just get the fake tattoos. Stick one. Yeah, well walk around.


So I, when they, when they used to ask me like, what do you wanna be when you grow up? And that was the first thing tattooed, You know? Right. And I know that's, I guess tattooing's a job, but not big tattooed. Right. That is I wanted to be tattooed and I just always, I know I grew up on musicians was tattooed. Right. You know, cool. People were tattooed. So I just wanted to be tattooed. Mostly rock stars though. You enormously CROs like yourself being tatted like that. Yeah, well, You know, I, Georgia man, different Georgia, I don't know. Little, both best of both worlds I guess. Man, fire. What was it like with your granddad as a pastor? Well, he, he had, he'd always do, he always told me, You know, son, the calling of God is without repentance. He just told me, promised me not to get my face tattooed.


And when he passed, Wrote with j When he passed away, one of the, it was a beautiful story when he passed away, my grandma's first thing she said, You know, it was a beautiful thing. It was first time I said with death, like firsthand. And my grandma was sitting there and she said, You know, he's home at last, he's home at last. And then she looks up and she said, but you left me behind. And they were together for 52 years and, and I held her and hugged her. And so I got home at last tattooed, it's my first face tattooed just to, I guess like, to like commemorate him but like kind of piss him off one more time. You know what I mean? As, as, as I'm like, You know, I know he gonna whoop my as when I get up there having to see him. You know, that was kind of the like, I hope he's rolling over in his grave. I love, I respect rolling over in your grave, I guess, if that makes sense.


You know, that's like the type of relationship you guys had. Yeah, yeah. You know, because I remember one of the last things he said to me when he was like, You know, he was so like by the book and like so old school, he was like, all these kids out here are hip hopping and break dancing for the Lord and all this carrying on. And I was like, pop, like nobody's broke dance since my mama was a kid. If they wanna, if they wanna break dance for the Lord, let 'em break dance for the Lord. Man. Thanks. Why is that? Like, why is that so Yeah. Jarring to you. Like, just let these kids break dance and rap. Like wasn't at listen for the Lord. I mean, dang, I had your buddy on last week. Darnell Rob. Yeah. My Dog bad. He was up here saying, he'll say, bro, no bro, let Teddy Swims you Teddy drowning.


But anyway, he talks about mixed relationships a lot. And you are in a situation, you were in a mixed relationship. Do you, how, what do, how do you, how are you gonna convey to your kid, your child that, You know what, I'm white, your mom's black and it's okay to have that conversation. Yeah. I mean I think, I think, I think I think that's so much more to, You know, especially I, I, 'cause I I, we, we get looks all the time going places. Okay. And, and especially her. She, she, she's got a black dad and a white mom and she's, she's shared with me so many times about like how it feels to, I've, I've, she's like, I'm never black enough or I'm never white enough and I'm, and she's gone through a lot more. And I think she's, she's a way better person to tell that story.


You know, especially to my child that, that she's, I I, I don't, I would never want to tell that story for her because she's, she's, she's like so elegantly like living through that and knowing what that's like and, and I mean I, all I know is what it's like when we're getting looks in public and it, it doesn't, it doesn't affect me so much as, as it as I see it affecting her and her life as through her whole life, You know? Right. And so I just, I just, I just wanna tell my child to navigate, You know, being, I, I, I dunno just being safe and being open and I, I hope I can create that safe space and I know that that kid will go through struggles that I never went through. And yeah, man, I guess, I guess you gotta play it as it goes. You know, I, I've never, I've never been through like being mixed, so I don't know how to tell that kid how to deal with that, but I'll only be as supportive as I can and tell 'em son or daughter, You know, si baby.


Like, just whatever it is. Just like, Be you, be You baby, be you and be open. I mean, be you, be whatever you want to be, be whatever feels authentic to you and don't let nobody tell you different and, and don't let nobody tell you you're not allowed to be this or that. And I, I, that's all I can really do. But until we get there, I don't really know how to give. Right. That kid good advice on being a mixed baby. And I'm just their white daddy, You know what I mean? I'm just like, don't got some Soul on your dog. You're white with seasoning. Yeah. Yeah. Jade, Jade, I'm gonna get you out here on this and I, when I hear you talk about your partner, I see the passion in which you speak. I see how you light up and I read where you said she's helped you more than you can put into words because she helped you get into therapy and she helped you become the teddy that we see sitting on this couch today.


Speak to that. Yeah, I think, I think one of the biggest things with her too is that she's like, she kind of like, I guess I wanna say like in the nicest way, like finesse me into a therapy place, You know, because it was like, as we were getting ready to have a kid, and I know, I know she knows that I have things that I've gotta heal from. And we both do. We all got some baggage we're carrying. She was like, look, I think what we should do is as we, as we get into, You know, having a child, that we should both go to couples therapy and get into like the best, the best like versions of ourselves, the most healed, safe environment for that child. And I was like, okay, okay. A little reluctant at the first time. And we started it and it was amazing. And the next thing You know, I I get my own idea of like, maybe I should be doing this by myself as well.


You know, You know, then it was like, I think that's the most beautiful thing about her is that, that it was, it was a way of like letting me see what it was for what it was and doing it with me and for us and each other and for me to find it and see it for myself rather than being like, you need therapy. Yeah. You know, and that's, that's how you do, that's how you treat, that's how you mental health. Yeah. That's how, that's how, that's how a woman does, You know? Yeah. That's a strong ass woman right there. Period. Thank you. I appreciate that.


This is it Your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card Based on the February 2024 Nielsen Report.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic because we came to play. Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


Now coming to the stage to perform its hit song. Bad Dreams from your album. I've tried everything but therapy part two, Mr. Teddy Swims. Sun is going down, time is running now. No ones around with me. Steady losing light, steady losing my mind, moving shadows and grind teeth with body they bring without you.


There's no way I can sleep what I do for of these Bad Dreams on the other side. Love you and need you to set all of all of these Baby please come around.


Help me settled down in a habits can my head what you waiting for something physical? I can't do this myself without you. There be no to hide without you. There's no way I sleep what I do for little bit of peace and quiet slipping into I love you, need you to set free from all of these Bad Dreams.


Nice. Right here. I trying to make, I'm like make content because then it's weird, You know, pretend we're executive, You know. Thank you Teddy Swims. Thank you so much for singing your hit song. Bad Dreams from the album title. I tried everything but therapy part two. Yes sir. Yes. But you did your thing and got my Sweet friend Coco over here on record. You sound amazing. Y'all sound amazing. Thank you. You know what we gotta to, we gotta to Teddy, You know, you say you want, we'll get you one, two ba. Of course Coco having A drink. Oh my God. To everybody's success and continued success in 25 and beyond.


Amen. Thank you so much, man. That's good. I would like to personally thank Teddy Swims again for singing his hit song, Bad Dreams off of his album. I've tried everything but Therapy part two.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the Monster Slams to edition The Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bench you can make on DraftKings the home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports Book app. Make your pick. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5. Get $150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports book app and use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Coco, I'm gonna share something with you. You probably didn't know, and I know you're not old enough to know this, but your dad and I, we used to work out together in South Carolina. Wow. He's originally from South Carolina. He played at NC State and 91 and 92 I would go back and work out with my brother who went to the University of South Carolina but lives in Columbia and I would work out. And so all the guys that played at South Carolina or lived in South Carolina would come and we would all work out together. Wow. I didn't know until I looked at, I was looking at the cards and I'm like, hold on Mike Jones, why did that name sound familiar? So I got on the phone and called my brother. I says, I says Spike, you remember Mike Jones?


He's like, Mike Jones, a d Detoxer from NC State. I said, yeah, I'm sitting down talking to his daughter. He's like, you got a daughter? I was like, yeah, Coco Jones. So another buddy of ours that used to work out with us, he's like, yeah. And she's famous. So, wow. Your dad was a famous football player. Yeah. And you played sports, you played flag football, you played basketball. Was sports kind of, did you wanna do sports or that was just something to like to pass the time? Well, to me it was kind of like, You know, you do what your parents say you should do. Right. And I liked it. Okay. I liked winning. Right. I did not like losing and I didn't mind practice, but I ain't prefer it, but I wanted to be the best. Right. So I think at that time it was kind of like, You know, you're taught what you should should do in life.


Right. You do this, you go to church, you do this, you play a sport. I was like, okay, that's fine. Right. And then I would also, like in school I would do like talent shows or things like that and like the little plays. Right. And I just really liked that. Yeah. I really liked that feeling of being on stage. So I kind of shifted naturally from sports Being you like being popular 'cause you played sports, you were in the talent shows, you could sing, you could dance, you could act, you could play sports. You were like really cool, huh? You know what? I don't like being popular. Okay. I wouldn't say that. Now in school, when I wasn't real school, I did homeschool like at high in high school, but like for work and everything. Okay. But I did like being popular with the basketball girls. Right. Because it was giving like a cute little clique.


Right. But other than that, like when it comes to this world, no, I definitely don't like being popular. If I could have it my way, I would be like a singer in a mask or something, honestly, truly. And not have to do no interviews, no press. They would just buy my songs. Right. And I would just go on tour, maybe like a hologram. Right. And then I'd go home and be normal and go to the grocery store. So if you a basketball player, were you like, let's say Candace Parker, Maya Moore, Caitlyn Clark. I mean It was giving me more WWYD than WBI don't, I definitely wasn't eating like that. Like when I remember it. Right. I was eating, but I also had like this perception of myself that like I was just that girl.


Right. So I don't know. My siblings like to say they, they like to humble me. Okay. But yeah, I think actually my cousin was like the girl in our family who was that sports girl. Okay. So she probably was more in the realm of all of the, all of the basketball girlies. But I just wanted to be with the cool girls and win. But you had brothers that played college ball that played NFL. Yeah. So were there like rivals? Did you rough house with them? My older brother's adopted. Okay. And so he was much, much older than all of us. And my younger brother, nah, we didn't really rival. It was kind of like we all had our own separate things and I think my parents did a good job of making it feel like all of our worlds were, You know, really important. 'cause honestly, around the time where I can like really remember what sports was like, it was on the back burner.


Okay. Because I was like, singing is my thing. Right. That's my thing, You know? Right. But no, I don't feel like there was any rivalry. I, I definitely feel like everybody's gotta get used to things like this. Right. But not in a rivalry. Way more in just like, You know, your own inner perception of what you think Fame is like and what you think about people who are your friends because of your sister and what you think about me being on that screen. You know, everybody's gotta get their own mind wrapped around it. 'cause we had no idea how big it could be. Right. It was just what I, what I loved and what I was willing to work hard at. So my family was with it. So once you started to like, okay, you transitioned from sports and like you start singing, were your parents like Joe Jackson where he like Richard Williams?


Was he like Earl Woods or was it like, okay babe, whatever you wanna do. Or did they drive you? 'cause you I I mentioned those because Yeah, they drove their kids. Yeah. And it, it benefited 'em, I'm saying anything's wrong with it. Right. I just wanted to know what type of parents and how were they with you? No, my parents did not force anything. I think to me, singing was like this treat you could dangle over me. Okay. Like if I didn't do good in school, we're not taking you to no audition. Like, if I didn't do what I needed to do, like we, no, we're not gonna put our effort and time into that. If I didn't rehearse, if I didn't practice, if I did an audition, I didn't know my lines. No. Why would we take you there? Right. You, you, you're not serious. Right. So to me it was me that had to prove that I wanted it. You know? You know.


But yeah. To, to, honestly, it was my mom who was like my main Right. She focused and she locked in with me. She drove me to all the auditions. Right. She, she was my team before the team. Right. And my dad did the sports world with my brother and sister. So I, I had to beg her like, please take me to Nashville again Because I read she's your first vocal coach. First stylist, hair and makeup, glam manager, tour manager, co-writer, co-producer. Yeah. How did she help you? Because I guess she, she was, she could sing. So how did she help you hone in what you needed to do to craft what we see today? I mean, my mom is such a blessing and I don't even think she knew in her own life how much she was prepared for me before I even got into this world.


My mom did the singing route and that was of course her dream. But she didn't have that supportive system. Okay. She, it was more like, oh, that's really cute, but what are you doing for your work? What are you doing for your job? Right. Like, for income. And so it was always on the back burner for her. And so to me, I think she got to live out some of her childhood dream Vicariously through you. Of course. And also my mom comes from a family of women business owners. We have a, a funeral home that's been in our family for generations. Wow. And so she knows a lot about just being a good business woman. Okay. And, and she changed my name from Courtney to Coco so that there could be, You know, that separate legally. Right. And the, some of the moves we made, some of the contracts I didn't sign and some of the performances and the songs I chose, they were her looking up what's hot and figuring out how to burn it onto a CD and, and then sending that to executives.


My mom, like, she put her back into it and I think it was half because nobody did that for her. You know. That Was what I wanted to ask because you mentioned all the things that she was doing. So cl clearly she taught you a lot about the business of music. Yeah. I would say that the business of music. No, we didn't know that. We didn't know how that worked. The industry. She taught you how this thing, did she teach you how this, how this thing worked? Because you mentioned that she's your first manager, your tour manager, all these things. So obviously there's a lot, was there a lot of trial and error because she didn't have what you had because you had someone helping you along the way? Yeah. I think my mom taught me a lot about protecting yourself.


Okay. We didn't know how this industry works. We didn't know. And, and we tried to go about things the nice route, but sometimes it was like, okay, maybe they went in over there doing that shady stuff. Okay. Like, I don't know. And so we were kind of figuring it out as we go and just protecting ourselves and trying to stay true to who we came to LA and who we came into that world as. And my mom didn't know. We probably knew the same amount when it came to how these things work and we didn't know how to get there. But she taught me a lot about believing in myself. And when I show up and go into a room full of 12 executives who don't care about me and, and just ready to go, they wanna go home to still be able to portray self-love and belief and confidence and to hold my head up high through rejection, to hold my head up high when you pass this line of auditions and there's seven girls who look like you and then there's seven girls who look like them.


And those girls get it all the time. So now you guys are looking at them like, fuck, You know, to, to still walk out and be like, it's mine. Next. They don't know what they're doing. You know, to figure out how to portray this world in a way that made me still feel valuable. Which that is something I still hold so tightly to this day. 'cause this industry can make you feel like, mm. You know, it make you doubt yourself. Did you ever doubt yourself? I think as I got older and I got out of that bubble because I will say that I was sheltered in a way, a lot of the things that I would hear, the negative critiques, even the things on social media. My mom ran my account and so it wouldn't come to me 'cause it wouldn't get past her.


She took a lot of that I think as I got older and I was by myself because my mom had to stay and, and raise my other siblings, You know? Right. She couldn't, she had given me everything she had and I had to go, I left, I moved when I was 17 to LA and I had to figure it out. And I think that's when it was harder to push back on all of that noise. And it did start to affect my, my self-worth for a little Bit. Were you scared being out on your own? Was I scared? Yeah. I, at first, no, because honestly I was sheltered. So I did get to party and turn up. I was having a good ass time. I won't even lie, I ain't go to college. But I met these girls through this one guy that I liked and they were like in college and we were all young and we had no idea what was going on with our lives.


But we was here and we was up. Right. And so I had so much fun. I ain't even gonna hold you for like those first two or three years living in la. But then I was like, okay, wait, the partying is all cool and everything, but I Haven't worked in here am Why that's not what Right. You know what I'm saying? And then people are starting to get internships and they're starting to like really lock into whatever path. And I'm like, when am I gonna get another job? Right. What am I gonna do? And then around the pandemic time, I was like, okay, what is happening with my life? Wait a minute now everybody has like their plan. I don't have a plan. What should I do? Right. And my, and I was living off savings. And so obviously as time goes Savings, if there's no money coming in and there's money going out pretty soon.


Exactly. That's how dwindles. Exactly. My mom's a businesswoman and she's talking like, she's like, your finances are, they're getting light. You might need to pivot. And so that became a part of the back of my head. Like, do I have to give this up? What, what would I do if I had to give this up? What else could I do? You know,


This is it Your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers. Working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen Report,


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic because we came to play bring the Magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


Your parents separated at some point. Correct? Yeah. Did that Im, did that, did that play a role? Did that impact you in any way negatively? Positively. I mean, how would you, how would if, if you were like explaining it to a child that's potentially going through parents or separating because everybody handles it differently. Yeah. But is there any advice that you'd like to offer? Any advice? I mean, Are you close with your dad? Me and my dad? It's funny, I've always appreciated my dad for what he instilled in me. But I think me and my mom spoke the same language. Okay. And me and my dad, once I stopped playing sports, we didn't really have that common thread.


The connection. And I mean, he does love music. I'm not even gonna lie to you. So, but it'd be more on like some educational stuff. I'll give him that credit for sure. Like he would put me on to like old music, old things that I ain't never heard before. But my mom, she saw the rejection, she saw the, the tenacity that it takes. She understood the business of sometimes singing songs you didn't like, You know, and doing things you don't want. She saw the lack of control that I had. And so I felt like she understood me more. And as I got older and as my parents separated and everything, my relationship with my dad got really straight. Okay. Really, really straight. And I had to figure out for myself, what do I wanna do about that? Because I'm grateful to have a dad who stayed.


I'm grateful to have a dad who did everything he could for us, provided for us. But now I'm hearing these other things. 'cause now they're, they're not just mom and dad. That's my mom. Her, that's Vonda, that's Mike. And they're saying all these things. Right. You know, so I had to figure out for myself what type of relationship I want with my dad. And it took me like a year Right. To figure it out. And now we're kind of on this, how do we start from ground zero? Because I don't remember flag football practice. Right. I don't remember that. Right. All I have is from 16, 17 when I left to now. So what now? You Know, I think the thing is for me, my little 2 cents from a distance is that you don't try to go back and get that.


Yeah. You pick up from now and move forward. Yeah. 'cause the one thing that you can't recapture is time. Yeah. Once it's gone, it's gone. Once it's gone, it's gone. And So I think building from this point on and moving forward you can start a beautiful relationship with your dad. I definitely would love to. I definitely would love to. I've seen so many, all the women I know and all of their relationships with their dad, they just range from high to low. But rarely is it a good story. Right. Rarely. And so I hope that I can build that good story can for my future daughter. It takes too. And for myself too. Yes. For my younger self. Yes. It does. Take two and, and my dad is definitely willing, but nobody taught him how. Right. Nobody taught me how. Right. We don't know. Right. We're just Figuring it out. Figuring it out as we go. Yeah. You got, we mentioned you got started early nine years old.


I think you sung at the Rams game. Yeah. National anthem. Yeah. Well, you nervous? I do not remember being nervous. I remember loving my outfit so Bad Because my mom took that jersey and bedazzled it herself. Hot Googling. Okay. Literally 2:00 AM at the house. Okay. But I just felt like I was so cute and I was ready for them to see, I was ready to do my thing. I had been performing and practicing it over and over again. So yeah. I wasn't nervous. Right. So I mean people, some will say I'm sure they did say it well. She just got the sing 'cause her dad was on the team. Yeah. Yeah. Of course. I wish, I wish it was that easy. Right. But like I said, it's such a different field. I mean, my dad, I'm sure he has some sort of connections, but what can, what can somebody in sports do for something for me?


I'm trying to be over here getting signed to a label. Right. You know, it just, it didn't correlate like that at all. I do think the leg up that I had was starting so young because it takes so many years of failure to get to one opportunity that shifts something a little bit. And You know, that pattern repeats so. Right. Yeah. But no, I didn't have any leg up. But you had a nice life. I mean, I did, obviously Mike was in the FL Yes. Like I said, I knew your dad. Yes. I'm a, I'm, I think I'm a year older than he is and got started a year in the league before he did. Mm. And so I read where you say you went to a predominantly white high school. And so how was that Middle school? Yeah. Honestly, it was all I knew at the time and the black people was like related to me in some, in some way.


Yeah. To me it's kind of all I knew. I think it didn't really affect me at the time. 'cause we were all kind of kids. Right. And I was so focused on whatever I was doing that I didn't, it didn't affect me. Right. And then as I got older, then I was like, oh, I don't really know what y'all talking about over there, so let me get, lemme get tapped in. You know? Right. And then, You know, you find friends from different worlds and they kind of put you on game. You went on the more Covid show at 12. Yes. How was that? What was that experience like? I, I don't, you don't remember? You know what I do remember actually. Okay. So, oh dang. I, I hate losing in any capacity. And so I do remember that performance because my mom told me, I used to feel like my mom had some sort of magical powers because when she would tell me to do something and I wouldn't do it, something bad Would happen.


Uhoh. And I'd be like, bro, I swear you got something going on. I don't know. You Jinxed it, Man. She was like, you need to wake up early and rehearse for that performance before you do that. That's live television. And I was like, girl, please. I'm, I know what it is and I know what it ain't. Right. And I sang, listen by Beyonce, I didn't practice beforehand. I didn't know he was waking up that early to sing that. I didn't know they filmed that early. Ooh. And so I sang, listen. And I remember I hit that high note and I cracked bad. Ooh. I cracked bad. But I think my mom went and talked to them or something like that. 'cause I was beside myself with embarrassment. I mean, you wouldn't know it 'cause I finished the whole thing, but my mom knows 'cause we'd be like that. And I think she was like, please, please remove that part. She did not eat. That was terrible.


You was right Mom. I learned. And then you, Disney, when did You know you could act? Is there a direct correlation between singing, acting or acting and singing? No. I, I don't think there's a direct correlation. Okay. Singing you, you not really even trying, you're really just doing what you Right. You know what, what's inside of you. Unless You know you're one of those crafted artists who are doing what's being told. Acting. I think it was just another thing that I wanted to do at a young age. Like, I felt like I wanna be on stage, I wanted do whatever. And the music thing was kind of ebb and flow, but auditions were like a literal job. Right. You can submit yourself for it. Right. And see if you get the job right. And so it just was something else that I tried. But I was really bad at acting for a really long time, really bad.


Singing was the only one that was just natural. Everything else was bad at. So what's the hardest, the hardest audition that you've gone on? The hardest audition, the one that I can think about that it's not in film, it was a Broadway. Oh really? That Broadway is no joke man. Because you're singing the whole song and then you have to do the scripts, but also you're charge of your own outfit and your own props. And then you have have to hit your mark and it's live. There's no, there's no doing it again. Right. There's a whole audience there. So I think my Broadway auditions were the ones that were the most challenging. Have you ever got a, a a, a job on, You know, you audition they say, well you got the part Right after that.


Yeah. No. No. I wish, I remember as a kid though, when I would go in those Disney auditions, I'd be like, and scene. I'd be like, so did I get it? They'd be like, girl, you cannot just ask that. Yeah. So I like, I'm trying to know, y'all be having me waiting. Right. Me over here for only my momma would say, we got two more months, then we gotta go back. What's up? The radio Disney's next big thing from 2010, 2011. You didn't win? No. Were you heartbroken? No, I wasn't heartbroken. I think it's because at the time I was just so happy to be there that I was like, the fact that I'm even here. Great. 'cause it was my first time, You know, doing anything big, anything outside of my city where I was from.


So no, I wasn't heartbroken. And plus I knew I was still gonna go on tour. I was like, the second runner up does something. So I'm still do that. You met Victoria Manet? Yes. You were able to work with her? What was that experience like? Work with her in what? You met you during the time. Oh my gosh, yes. Okay. So yeah, when I was first signed, when I was 14, she was one of the writers that they had brought in to write on my first EP ever. Yeah. Okay. Isn't that so crazy? It is, it is so crazy. It was her and Tommy Brown Taylor Parks. But yeah, they, they wrote this song for me. And honestly at the time, I think everybody was like super green doing their own thing.


Right. And I'm, I'm there with my mom, my mom's in the corner in the back, like raia like, what's going on? So they, it wasn't like we were talking about anything or anything crazy like that. But yeah. That is so crazy. When you meet somebody like her and then she ends up winning a, a Grammy and like you knew her back then, what, what does that, what is that, what is that feeling like for you? Because it's like, you feel like you are part of it even though you didn't. But I'm saying because You know her, you, you knew before, before this moment. I mean, I think for me to see another black woman get her flowers, it's just like, whew. A breath of fresh air. And I think for what it does for the future of, of us is also really exciting.


And yeah, Victoria's been working a super long time in it. And it shows me too, so many different things. Looking at her career, you can write for other people, you can contribute to other people's journeys and their success and still have your own thing. You can be a mom and still do this, You know, so it, it teaches me a lot just watching her in, in all the aspects of her life. Would you be interesting or have you, or do you write for someone else? Or you just write for you right now? Currently For me right now, just me. Right. Because honestly that it takes so much time that I do you. But You know what, if I do write a song and I'm like, this doesn't really fit me, I will say that, You know, to the producers and to the other writers that they can shop it around because I don't wanna be the reason that somebody else don't pick the song, You know?


Right. But in the beginning, I do think I wrote a little bit for other people, but I didn't know where none of that was going. You know? Right. I'm just figuring it out as I go. And so at that time I didn't have like, like a publishing company behind me or anything, so I was like, they're saying this for so and so, and I'm like, okay, we'll see, Have you ever turned down a song that you like and somebody else did it and they got a claim for it, or it sounded good and you're like, maybe I should have kept that one for myself? That's a good question. Turned out a song that turned Mm, no, no. I did have this one lady recorded a song that was one of my super old demos and I was like, if this pop off I'm gonna know something. But respectfully, it Did.


It did, it Did. Sorry, I, I don't, no shade. No shade, no shade. Taylor, James Williams and Let It Shine. Everybody loved Chris Abbot School. What was it like to work with him? I mean, you just, Tyler. Yeah. Tyler. Tyler. So we weren't that close, honestly, while we were filming, it was such a huge age gap. I was freaking 15 and he's in his like mid twenties at the time. So yeah, him and and Trevor, they would all go out and be hoodlums and I was just sitting there homeschooled. Right. Happy to be there. So, no, I mean, but I knew he was super professional. Right. He just seemed very seasoned and like used to this. And I was over here like a freaking deer in headlights. Just happy to be there. Very green. Lemme ask you this, obviously you, you, you can do both.


You act and you sing. Is there a preference? Singing. Singing? Yeah. If I could only do one forever, if I only had to do one, it would be singing. I think because there's a lot more control in singing what, what you're saying, what you look like. And also when you do it, You know, acting is like, okay, and here's your schedule for the next six months and you're gonna be here for 12 hours every day, except this day up it changed. Now you're here, You know? Right. You feel, you feel like you don't really have the control, the control, but for me, I'm like, I wanna go on tour, but not in the cold. So then that means it could be in the summer, that means I need to record in the winter, You know? Right. I can make it kind of more adjust to my life. So, so You don't like the cold, huh? No. Do you? I don't, I don't.


Well, no, I, I don't like the cold, but I don't like it extremely hot either. You, you said you in Vegas, dog. Yeah, but it's only three months. Okay. And then plus I ain't outside. I mean, I'm outside to get my car and then I'm going to You don don't outside? No. Oh, Okay. Well why, why you saying like you ain't outside? Why you saying like That? I mean, you moved to Vegas. What are you doing? They're reading books. Yeah, I'm working. Okay. You about working in Vegas? About, about, I only went to Vegas to drink tequila and party, so I've never lived there by first Kid actors. I mean, we've hear, we hear so Coco, we hear so many horror stories about kid actors and I Feel like they're recently coming out though. Yes. I haven't heard this. I didn't hear any of this when I was starting, otherwise my mom would've pivoted so Fast, would've never let you be.


And that's the, that's the, that's the point. Yeah. Is that you don't hear about it at the time. It is only when they're much older. Yeah. They tell these horror stories with, did you experience anything? Did you see anything like that? I didn't see anything like that. But You know what, my mom never let me out of her sight. I remember at this one time in my life, we used to butt heads so bad because I'd be like, why can't I just go in there by myself? Like, why can't I do these things by myself? Right. And at the time she was just like, no, You know, and I didn't understand, but now I do understand. Now you understand. It's, it's that when you're alone and you're that like young sheep with no guidance, You know? But my mom wasn't playing that. This concludes the first half of my conversation.


Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever pla podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Sheha profile and I'll see you there.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check All State first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with All State savings vary subject to terms, conditions, and availability. All State, fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Please Welcome aboard the Johnson Family. The whole family's here for the Disney cruise. So You know, we came to play and listen, the adults are gonna have a ball first. We're chilling in the Infinity pool onto massages at Census Spa, then gliding into Star Wars Hyperspace Lounge for a toast. We're even gonna kick back with Mickey on Disney's private Idol. That's how we get down because Disney Cruise Line is where we came to play.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't want Miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase, Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.