
This is an iHeart podcast. The best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It's one that knows your world. A custom assistant built on Watson X with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need, because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. IBM let's create Taking over the helm of NBC Nightly News. A 75-year-old broadcast. It's a great responsibility.


Good evening, I'm Tom Yamas. You have to go out there to bring people at home closer to the store. Wildfires continue to be a threat With that massive hurricane comes the massive response. The best reporters in our business know how to listen. And when you listen, you get the truth for NBC News. For NBC News, NBC News, I'm Tom Yamas. That's what we do every night. NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC. Okay, have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sim back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rust scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it.


Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint. And it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic 'cause we came to play Bring the Magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. Samuel told you that you were terrible at No, but I'm asking you, what was the question? I, I was going there for a reason. I'm trying to give you great contest, Shannon, to help me. I'm Drunk. Fight, fight Night on Peacock. You Got though Black Snake Moon, like you got the story. No, what was your Question? That made me go there though. You Oh, we was riffing at the time. You don't don't even remember the question, do you? I don't. All right. Me either dog. This means that this is great Shehe bro. I'm just saying. No, but, but, but what ended up happening bro, was that I remember what it was. Samuel old basically ended up telling me later on in life, man, that I deserve it.


He's like, stop being, 'cause sometimes we hide behind gratitude and all of that kind of stuff because we really scared, right? 'cause we really shy 'cause we really don't believe that we deserve to be here. Mm. And like, bro, you deserve to be here. I deserve to be here. And it's time to stand in that greatness. That's one thing that ti has helped me with, man. Like tip. Tell me that all the time, bro. Like man, period. Everybody good or bad? If we really believe that God is the only thing that can judge us, what you do is you not, you don't be so ego driven that you don't listen right? But you fix it.


And if You know that you fixed it, You know that you've repented, let that shit go and live, bro. And I just got to the point in my life where I'm doing it, man, I'm so happy. And bro, I'm gotta be honest with you man, I'm probably one of the few people on this planet that look at me. I don't, bro. I actually, bro, one thing that I am proud of, man, and I don't, I don't even know that after this interview is actually gonna be power is actually gonna be possible. Shannon, I'm actually slightly at Demi God level and if I get any more sexier than I am right now, I think I'm gonna bust in a pure light. I think I'm gonna transcend the physical form and just turning the light.


And I Think you can understand that you were really close to it at one point, but I Think you got too much into the bro thing. It's a little bit more than that. It's mental too. You gotta add that to it dog. And I Think you would just let it all go. I am. I look that good. Ask your fans the female ones. Shannon, don't be afraid of this bro. Has just happened. You gotta get back. Don't lose that with that bro. Just yet. You know who you are for sure. Come on. Are you clear? Yeah. Don't lose that. Absolutely. Yeah. Abundantly. Alright. Just, okay. Just know it. The song Like a pimp Ty. Yeah, Tyrese. Hold on. Wait. You came straight from what I just said to like a, yeah. Did you do that on purpose or was it just serendipity?


Serendipity. Okay. See that's a humble man. He did that on purpose. He's a genius. Go ahead. I'm listening. When like a pimp Tyrese said that song did for you with a Coca-Cola commercial did for him. It opened a door. It it got you to the, because you were David Banner, but this song, and do You know people call you, we gonna get to how people call you and want to, You know Yeah. Wanna sample your song, right? Like a pimp, Bro. Tyrese is a slick because I, I I, I saw him right before on the plane before that interview. Okay. And he told me that Bro Tyrese said bro, he said, Manon, you gotta think about it sometimes in life.


All you think about how many nos that we all see, I'm saying this for everybody. Absolutely All you need is one. Yes. That's it. And he told me that he bro, he said, I'm still living off the Coca-Cola commercial. He said, and you still living off like a pimp. That's why I don't let people separate me from gangster rap. Right? And no matter how blessed I am, no matter how smart I become, I'm still a gangster rapper because I'd rather you keep me at my lowest. So no matter how hard I fall that I can just say, Hey, Snoop does that very well. Yeah, I'm still a gangster rapper. You know what I'm saying? Because they try to make you, You know, this, this highfalutin political person and really Shannon, you are a great example of that.


They just want, and it goes back to something you love so much. They just really wanna fatten the pig, but a slaughter, they don't really love you. They ain't really proud of you. Let's get 'em as high as we possibly can so we can get more ratings off the fall. Right? I don't do that. I told somebody today, sometimes people think, excuse me, I know you don't want me to say this, but I, I, I tell my PR team this. Sometimes I, on purpose, I'd rather up me control it 'cause I know what I'm doing. I know why I am doing it. Doing it. Yep. So that they can't make me into this caricature. They try to make us into a caricature so they can literally assassinate our, our personalities, our lives.


And what they don't understand man is like our grandparents see that shit. Our mother see that shit. Our children see that shit bro. Absolutely bro. And that shit hurt. And a lot of times we not enough men, we are not men enough to admit that that shit didn't feel good bro. That was somebody man, and I'm gonna say this 'cause I want that person to see it. She said some shit about me bro. It didn't feel good. And then they called me to her show and I told the people, I told them white folks, like, I just want to be clear. And I want her to know that she hurt my feelings because I'm enough man. And I'm tough enough to be able to say it now, but I'm not coming on your show smiling in your face.


And you said what you said about me, I'm not gonna do nothing. I'm not mad at you. I don't judge you. Shit wasn't cool though. And that shit hurt me. And I want you to know that it hurt me. 'cause as men, a lot of times with gang violence, with a a lot of stuff, a lot of times it be over stuff we play like it's over dope and street shit. That is. But a lot of times our feelings just be hurt and we are not articulate enough. We haven't been taught enough, we don't have enough men to process the fact, man that you hurt my feelings. I just had a like 20 year relationship come to an end. It's because we both couldn't say, Hey bro, I misunderstood you.


I'm sorry bro. We both gotten so high and was bosses and all this kind of shit. We wouldn't have done that shit when we was in college homie. Right? But like, man, I'm trying to be the example of a black man bro that can say, bro, I made a mistake. Or to be the black man and be able to say, Hey bro, I may not agree with some of the decisions that you make, bro, but it's good. We still here for you bro. Let's talk about it. 'cause bro, to be honest with you, we got an opportunity, man, while we still living. And You know this bro, our grandparents told us we on this side of the dirt, bro. Man, somebody asked me, man, how does it feel that hip hop is in the situation that it's in? You know? I said, man, I'm still living. I'm still living.


You still living, bro. We got an opportunity to do this shit bro. And I'm just so grateful man to, to be alive during these times. This is the best time in history, man. To change the world, bro. Yeah. Yeah. Beyonce incorporated like a pimp to Cowboy Carter tour. Lemme ask you this. When someone, and I had, I've had, I've had who two chains I've had ll I've had a couple of guys, a couple of people on that's like, when people say, I'm like, well how do I call ll just so You know, because I needed some leadership and me being this sexy because I had always been this, I was a country dude and You know, right. With rusty lips and You know, just, I didn't understand much about fashion.


But once I got it together, I actually literally called ll I'm dead serious, right? Y'all think I'm joking, but I really did call ll I was like, Hey bro. Like, 'cause I'm used to street shit, right? I was like, bro, this, this sexy shit is actually I Can deal. And we had a whole, and he actually, bro, and I'll tell you bro, I think he cool with this bro. He told me, he said, banner, he said like, bro, if it makes me, if it makes me laugh, then do it. Right? And I never thought about that, bro. Like, think about it, bro. If, if it makes you laugh, then women going chuckle. Right? He said, bro, don't take yourself so seriously. But go back. I just wanted to say thank you ll When people sample your music, do you, do they have to play it for you?


Play what they gonna do over your track? Yes. Or do you like, okay cool, send the check. No, if, if you just send a check, then you saw your soul. Like what I try not to do is judge children. 'cause I, our parents judged us, but it's just certain shit that you, I don't want you to say over my music. Okay? And you gotta understand who I am and the things that I've said. So I'm not as judgmental as most people. Okay? But it's still a spiritual thing and it, it, it it, to a certain degree, we have to have some type of morals, right? See, when people hear the word soul out, bro, if you would do anything for money, you sold your soul.


Right? But what I will say, man, I'm so grateful for these children, bro. Because like a pimp wasn't where I made most of my money from. But now, bro, it's, it's just becoming the second highest grossest thing, grossing thing in my life, man. And that's just a testament Shannon, right? Tell you a quick story. The song that came after like a pimp was Cadillac on 20 twos. Okay? And I'm a hit maker and a lot, lot of people don't. I always wondered like, why did you put that song out after like a pimp? You could have put another, like a pimp out and just went, Right? I had prayed to God, bro, that if God would allow me to make it without selling dope or without having to have a dope dealer behind me, and I would praise his name and bro I did it.


And so when like a pimp came out, I didn't know if I would ever have another song again. Right? Especially being from the south. And so I said I better pay God back. So if you remember Cadillac on 20 twos, it was like Cadillac on 20. It was like, God, I know that we pimp God, I know that we wrong God. I know I should talk about more in all of my songs. I know these kids are listening. I know it's here. I know I'm here for a mission. But it's hard to get 'em in 22 his rims with listen Cadillac's on 20 twos. I ain't did nothing in my life. But stay true pimp my voice and m these beats and pray to the Lord for these Mississippi streets. Wow. That song was actually a prayer.


Wow. Mm. And like David and like Psalms, that was my prayer to God. And that was me repaying God back for hearing my prayer, bro. You know, I wanna know what, what are money in music? Because everybody, everybody say ain't no money in music no more. Is it in, is it in writing? Is it producing? Is it what, what is it where the money at the Money in music is Stop begging people and get your own companies to sell your own shit. Look at you bro. Like I know Shannon, you don't wanna talk about this shit bro. And I be trying to be kind 'cause I know that you have sponsors and stuff, bro. But like, they would've crushed you if you didn't have your own show. Yeah. You know that they would've crushed you.


So like that's where it's at. And the thing is, bro, is that people just want that quick cash out dog. Right? That don't exist, bro. You still gotta work. You got to Bro, man. So put your own stuff out. Create your own stuff. Fans are looking for fans will listen to you bro. Are they afraid? Because it's, it is, it's easier. Somebody gonna cut me a check because you have to look at it. Are you talent? I cut you a check or are you in my situation? This is me. Alright, watch this. You gonna answer the question for me? Yeah. I was on a plane back and I ain't gonna lie, bro, I almost whooped this white boy for what I'm about to tell you.


Okay? This high, high level Xerox at the time was Xerox was really popping. Like he was on the high end part of Xerox. He said, David, I know what you stand for, but I want to ask you full question. I'm gonna ask you a question. He said, are you a slave or slave owner? Make your choice. Now he did preference it by saying, if you are a slave owner then you can release other slaves. And I never thought about that. And I, because I'm black, I wanted to put my hands on it. Yeah. But what I realized is if you listen to what somebody's trying to tell you and feed you, bro, it's like, yeah, we do want that check, bro.


But it's sort of like when 50 told them folks, I'd rather take that stock option that ended up being what, 20 million, $30 million. Bro. I'm starting to realize, bro, I don't want it on the front end. Yeah, it's always quick. You could be talent, you could be owner, But even from a tax perspective, bro, CILO tried to warn us. Cilo said that little money be gone, didn't he? Yeah. Didn't he? Yeah, bro. And so like, man, for, for, for me bro, I just, I'm just grateful and Shannon, I'm not joking, it's somebody in this room, bro, that tried to get me on this show really, really early.


And I'm actually glad that I waited. The only reason why I didn't come then is because bro, people cha cha chase the light and what they don't know is you are the light. And so if I would've took that opportunity when I didn't have nothing to sell, I would've blew my load. Right. And I really, really think, 'cause I'm, I'm looking at you. I Think you needed me to be here. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And I'm glad that I took it now, man. But like to be real with you, man, I'm just grateful man, that, that, that that people will allow me like yourself. 'cause I know bro, and I, I I tell my team this all the time, bro. Like, I know I'm edgy, I know I'm a lot to deal with man.


But like, as much as people talked about Christ, man, the same people that y'all say that y'all love was the people that Christ fought against. The same people that put 'em up on the cross. Jesus didn't mess with nothing but whores bro in the streets, bro. He went in the church to flip tables over, bro. But the crazy thing about our community is anytime somebody act like Jesus, we'll put 'em on the cross for them folks. Mm. And so, man, I just try to find a happy medium in between telling the truth. 'cause I can't. But that's the only thing that helped me sleep at night is helping others. Yeah, bro. It, it was at one point in this interview, bro, because I saw that you needed it, bro.


And whether it's my ego or it's the truth, bro, I'm just happy to be brave enough to do what I'm told. You Know? Well, we appreciate you coming. Yeah. You produced for Lil Wayne, TI Chris Brown, Maroon five, Quincy Jones, Snoop Dogg. Pimpy Luter. Hold on man. How you just gonna go past Quincy Jones like that? Help me out. Shannon. Say Quincy Jones again. Quincy Jones. What did he do? Didn't he do thriller for Michael? Man, he was Frank Sinatra, Ray Charles talk that shit, man. When it cut. I mean there are a lot of producers out there, but it's hard. I mean, ain't too many people On this planet producers With Quincy Jones be That's what I said to say, we, if we were to do a verse, who would we put against Quincy?


Man, I, I heard somebody talking that shit, bro. Like to even Think you worthy of that the shit that Quincy Jones has done, bro. No, he, he, he got his range. He got too much of a range in in between. Yeah. From classical music, bro. The scoring movies, most people don't know history TV shows. Yeah. Sanford and son Forget talk that shit. Yeah. You better stop playing with that man. But what I, what I will say man, is that me and Warren Campbell, you should go to this church, right. Warren Campbell, I don't you, but we, we had a production company together and Quincy Jones told us or said to one of his, his liaisons that when we were producing for his album, we were the only ones that were brave enough to take his music and digest it.


Mm. And spit it back. He was like, if he wanted it to sound like him, like you can't do what I do, first of all. Right. And that's how we looked at it. It would be disrespectful for me to try to do what Quincy Jones did with his music. And so, man, that's that's, that's one of the things I had, there's an artist from Mississippi, his name is K Boo Maier. And this dude is much younger than me, but this dude is bro, he's way beyond his age. He talks like his, like our grandparent. Like your grandparent. Yeah. And he told me, he said, banner, you gotta start popping your shit. He said that people will forget about you and the way that this culture is bro, they'll take your shit from you, bro. So like I just start learning how to tell people a little bit more.


And I, and I'm grateful that you brought that up man, because I've done things that nobody has ever done in history. But our parents taught us man to so-called be humble. Yeah. But I believe 'cause you in sports, I don't believe in being humble. If it's stats, if Jordan told you he had six rings, is that popping or capping? That's factual. That's factual. It's stats. Absolutely. I am great. I I just hate that my people don't know how great I am. It hurt. It hurts bro. Because bro, when I, when when, when I got my Grammy nod with Wayne, I literally came home Shannon.


And I'm serious bro. I'm not bullshitting you. I said it out loud. We did it. There wasn't nobody there. Lemme ask you this. If you did something that you thought was special and nobody told you it was special, would you still feel special? I don't know, bro. Bro, my, I I'm from Mississippi, bro. I just started loving myself. I I never, bro, I never thought I made it. I'm serious, Shannon. I'm not joking. I never ever thought I made it, bro. Like it's funny 'cause somebody on your staff knows a mutual friend Billy Hume who ran it? White guy bro.


Celtic white guy bro. Who bone like, fuck Lil John like a lot of us bro. Like, we went through his studio and bro, when I got that $10 million deal, bro, little short white, long hair dude, he just hugged me and he said, banner, go buy you a car, bro. I'm still renting cars. Fronting Mm. Buy you somewhere to stay man. Get you some clothes. You made it dog. And I, I was just standing there bro. And mumbling like I couldn't stop, bro. They teach us, bro, to work like, like we will, we will correlate our success with how hard we work like slaves dog.


We gotta learn how to think, we gotta learn how to set up systems, bro. You ain't gotta be here every day no more. But we addicted to that feeling bro. We've been trained in that trauma bro. And it's the hardest thing for me, bro. I really think God put me in Mississippi for that reason, bro. I think I had this bully body bro. Like I, I was, I didn't get this body bro until I was in my senior year. I would've played, I'm serious. I would've played football. I didn't get big bro until my senior year. And I think God gave me this body because I've been a victim for so on bro. I fight, I beat up the bullies.


I can't stand no bully homie. I really think that's why God gave me this body is to protect the weak. And I think you'll sucker bro, if you've been oppressed all your life and then you take this power and use it against the same people that God has blessed you to, to protect. Mm. Bro, I'm so fortunate bro. That's the reason why I don't do VIP. That's the reason why I go out in the crowd. It's the reason why I speak the shit that I speak. And I be trying to tell my friends that I be trying to tell people that man, like one of my friends told me, he was like, banner, you just seem like you're so angry all the time. And then I digested it and I thought about it, Shannon, the only time I get upset is over when people mistreat black people.


I made it homie. I got a lot of bread. Like I only fight for the week. Right bro. That's it. People that come from places we come from. Bro, How'd you beat, how'd you beat ti Because it's interesting because you have such a, an eclectic group. I mean you got rappers and you got Snoop Dogg, I, excuse me, you got, you did Quincy Jones rest his soul and then you got Snoop two. Snoop D Yeah, you got Snoop two chains, acon. But I, but if you look at, okay, you got Lil Wayne Ti but you got Maroon five. Maroon five and Ti and Lil Wayne ain't the same. And then you got Q and then you got Neo. Yeah. Well what me and ti is a little bit different because he came early.


Like if you think about it bro, like I was so blessed because what people don't know was is I produced Thug Holiday for Trick Daddy. Right. But nobody knew who David Bannon was at the time. Okay. So I wasn't able to take advantage. I was even in the video. But ti is the person who allowed me to be a million dollar producer. Mm. Like Rubberband Man changed. Yeah. The texture. He's also, and people won't admit this, he's the reason why producers can put their tags on their beat on the radio. 'cause my tag was on my beats way before Rubberband Man.


But the radio stations would shave it off. Mm. TI caught up the hot in Atlanta and said don't touch my music. That boy work hard. 'cause the reason why I put my tag on my beat, bro. And I think this is so What what is the tag? Tag is like when you put your name before the beat. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Like David, David, David Banner. The only reason why I did that is 'cause I noticed Jay-Z would say, Kanye, you a fool, fool, fool just plays you did it again. And every time he would say they name, they could charge $10,000 extra. Right. Okay. Southern, Southern rappers hid they producers like, bro, like it hurts me to this day KLC from Beats by the pound as big as as No Limit was.


Don't nobody know who they are, bro. And they're some of my mentors and I hate the fact, bro, I really think Beats by the Pound is big as Timbaland and Pharrell. Right. Because they change music in the same way Yeah. That those people do. But we don't know who they are. And since I saw that, I said I'm not, I'm I'm not gonna let him like look over me. I'm gonna put my own name before my beat. Right. And bro, it got so hot at one time, bro. And people don't even gimme credit for that. Like people could say whatever they want to you first. I, I think I was one of the first pre people to put my name before beat. But nobody made it hot in contemporary America like I did bro. So when everybody put their name before they beat and they don't say nothing to me, that's what I'm supposed to do.


But I am still in the flesh. It would feel good for you to acknowledge the person who allowed you to do the shit that you do to this day. But TI man, like he changed and for some reason, man, every level of my life we keep coming back together and man, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm so appreciative of of who he's, and like my, my bro actually they tried to put him on the cross and they tried to crucify him and he stood, bro, I've like, if, if there was one person on this planet that I could say resilience, I don't think there's no man in the music industry that's as resilient as ti is bro.


And every day this get up and he keep going. People don't even think, bro, he shared his whole career and became conscious in front of everybody and put a conscious album out. He didn't just talk that shit. A lot of did that shit bro to be cool. 'cause it was the woke moment. TI did that shit and put his career on the line bro. When he first came out with, with his first album. I'm serious bro. He told the motherfuckers let me go, he went back to the streets and built himself back up again. Bro, my bro ain't perfect, bro. But Tip try bro. He tries so hard all the time and he, and he's so tough. You'll never be able to see that part of it, bro.


Try and for the first time in his life, I think he care. Yeah. And he not used to that. He didn't come from that environment. And I'm watching him process the fact that he care about shit and then that make you human again. What the fuck you do with that shit? Right? Like what? I'm serious dog. That's how I feel now. Like why in the am I getting depressed? Hey dog, I the shit we used to do what the, what this shit is. Right. You know? And I'm just grateful man that me and him still friends. Right. And that I called bro, it ain't been one time that I ever called Tip and he didn't show up for me bro.


Wow. And I'm grateful to him. Like when they did the, the, the, the, the death auto tune, I never knew. And t Payton is my friend bro. They were children. And I'm not saying that you right or wrong, but you don't do a child like that. Right bro. And what I'm saying is even when we wrong, look at how white folks do Trump, what Trump can say that dumbest shit on this planet. White folks gonna protect them. They may have another conversation with 'em later on off carbon. Why we can't do that. But it's like now black media has got to the point where the same way, and it's from the places that we from, and I'm looking you in your eyes, Shannon, when I say this shit, when you look at when they used to hang black folks from trees, then you see black folks on the outskirts, same thing they did to Jesus.


You say that you knew that he was the son of Jesus and you didn't do shit, you coward. How dare you praise his name when he did and you let him sit up there on that cross. The same thing with that child. You let them crucify that challenge. You did nothing. You whole. That's what I believe. And that's why I don't really believe in the music industry. I don't really believe these folks are my friend as much as I care about the situations that I'm in, bro, I know these folk don't care about me. Understand that. Because if they did that to Jesus, don't you think that dude with my Mississippi country ass Daw. So what I realized, man, is that the thing that I did realize is though, man, is that like the men, those of us who were around, bro, we coulda stepped up more.


Right? Bro. Think about the NFL players, bro. How strong you all are. But they put y'all in a situation, bro. Where y'all be in cities where the most impoverished black people are and they don't even let you around with your people. Bro. I see that more in the NBA bro. Like bro, I, I had an opportunity. My best friend lived in Portland, bro. They don't like black people being around they the hood bro. Basketball and what we done for basketball. But I don't never seen no black kids in NBA cares. I don't, I'm honest with what I see, bro. There's no artist I've ever worked with in my, in my life.


And I look at any one of these cameras, I have not met anybody more talented than that young man, bro. Wow. I'm a producer. I'm not a beat maker. When I would stop the beat for Chris Brown, Chris Brown to say I know how the, You know, You know this a it's an infinite amount of things you don't know. Right. He knew. Wow. And bro, like, the reason why Chris Brown, I'm not saying this and I gotta be careful with my words. The reason why he's not on a Prince Michael Jackson level is because he chose his manhood over his music.


And you can't blame him for that. Bro. Just wanted to be respected as a man. Bro never really had me in around him. Dude. I don't blame Lil bro for that, bro. And it's hard, dude. Like that's one thing, man. Like it's the craziest thing for me as an entertainer dude. Like even from a woman perspective, I remember when I made play, there's a difference between you being a hunter and then all the women decide you sexy. Mm. And then they, after you and then you become an object. Where I never talked to that was hard for me to deal with. Like, I'm not used to that. I'm used to hunting. Don't make it easy for me women, You know what I mean?


And we, we don't have therapy for that. 'cause most people from where we from ain't never seen what we seen bro. Chris from the south bro. People forget that. Yeah. That boy from the south. Oh from the country too. He dealt with that shit alone. So however it was bro, like, and I just wish, man, I never forget when Chris got his first tattoo, bro. Some of the people in the label knew me and his relationship and they called me up there. Chris hid under the desk bro. So I was coming and I remember telling him, bro, you a kid, be a kid as long as you can.


And I'm serious. I told him this, bro, get that Disney money because once you grown you can't ever come back. But he wanted to be a man and he chose that bro. And I can't blame him for that. Wow. You mentioned Nelly's Tip Drill when you first heard that song, do You know, do like when you hear a beat, do You know it's a hit? My song play was the only song that when I heard that I knew that was a hit. I didn't like, like a pimp. If I knew Rubber Man was that dope. I do love Tip. I've kept it for myself. Right. I can't even lie to you. Yeah. I gotta be honest. I didn't know. I I I can't even sit here and tell you that I had that As a matter of fact, tip is like now my ears for me bro.


'cause he's a genius bro. When it comes to hearing it, I just make a bunch of shit. Right. And I'm, some of that shit is great. Some of it sucks. I can tell the shit that ain't good. Like I just gotta be honest with you, most producers wouldn't tell the truth about this. But I will, when I first started, if I made 10 beats, two of 'em were dope. Right. Now, if I made 10 beats, four of 'em dope. But like that's just part of it. You just gotta keep making it right. You know? But no, bro, I had, I had no idea, bro. What I will say is that Nelly is the only artist that I made a beat for and he took it.


'cause you gotta think when you make a a a, a beat for artist, the only thing you can go off of is what you heard from the man. Right. But if they're really a artist, they 10 years ahead of that now. Right. So you are usually behind them trying to cater. What you should do as a producer is give them the future instead of being in they past. Right. And Nellie was the only one, bro. Every beat I sent in Elliot, he got on that. And I don't wanna talk about it 'cause some things are not meant to talk about. But I never really got into like petty shit. Yeah. Like, bro, I don't watch the news.


Right. As smart as I am, people will be surprised. I don't, news is depressing. I don't get into people's beef unless we grew up together. Right. Like I'm trying to bring the community together. Right. I ain't have an opinion on that. Yeah man. I got into a lot of rap beefs that I didn't know about bro. And it hurt my money 'cause I was always trying to bring people together. Right. Negroes don't wanna hear That shit that mother bro. Right. You know? And I just got caught off into a lot of that shit. She, Yeah. PC said you looked out for his family when he went in. You don't mind. I mean, why did you do it and what did you do? I don't know what I did.


I was so long ago. Why'd you Do it? I don't know. You don't know why you did it? No. Just, just lemme ask you. Okay. If you really lay it by the spirit Yeah. That ain't your business. Just do what you told. Right. All I knew was that Pimp C'S voice changed my life. I don't give a fuck how dope like a pimp beat was. People were attracted to it. Make them good. Get down on the floor, on the floor. Like bro, I sampled that man voice and didn't know him and it changed my life. How dare I not feed back into his family? Wow. The problem is us as black folks, bro, is that we get money and we start catering to people that don't like us instead of what Issa Rae say networking side to side.


You know what I'm saying? And so if his voice blessed me that way, I might not bless him. And one thing I don't, and Shannon, I Think you do a good job at this, bro. One thing that I'm proud that I never did Snoop is actually my friend bro, be clear, but he's still Snoop. Yeah. And I never allow myself to stop being a fan. Pimp C was my friend, bro. That's still Pimp C and I'll never take that away from me. The fact that the people that we look up to the most Samuel L. Jackson is now my friend, bro.


But don't ever get that up. That's Samuel L. Jackson. And that allows me to stay grateful for each day in my life, bro. But those are still the people that I looked up to. Right. Do You know wanna know something crazy? What's that? A lot of the people that I look up to look up to me. Wow. They come to me for guidance, especially spiritually. Right. You know what I'm saying? Yes. And sometimes I have to remind myself that I can't take that away from them too. So I gotta, I still gotta stay up. But I gotta also realize that these are people that I look up to and love and respect to. You worked with Wayne after he got outta jail. Wayne's been at this thing for a while. I mean, I think Wayne started probably 12 or 13 and Harry's probably in his forties now.


So he's been at this thing for a minute. What did, I mean, I, and I think I still think Wayne, when they talk about goats, the way he can put words together, he's, I mean he Yeah. What is it like watching him create a masterpiece? This is not gonna be popular. What I'm about to say, what's funny to me, only my opinion, I think Wayne was more of a problem when he was 12.


Like that early cash money where he focused in like a lot of people became fans of Jay-Z and, You know, keeping it in your head. And I think that's cool. Right? If, You know, one thing Erykah Badu taught me was that you don't ever judge how a person reveals, creates, or creates their music. Right. But I remember the stories that he used to give bro back on them bgs in, in, in the early cash money before the universal deals. Like I can't imagine a focused Lil Wayne who, who has to still listen to somebody.


Gotta think Lil Wayne ain't gotta listen to nobody no more. No, no producer, no engine, nobody. Right. But there's a certain think about Eminem with Dr. Dre. Yeah. You say whatever you wanna say, but when he with Dr. Dre, it's special. Yeah. Jadakiss with the Alchemist early, bro. There's just something about having somebody that you have reverence to. Bro. I just think that the world doesn't know because they're not privy to the Lil Wayne that I was a, that I'm a fan of. Bro, bro. Like, I would just love to hear that just one more time, bro. Th I Think you got an album out now.


Did I? It's coming out. It's coming. I didn't announce yet. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But I will tell you something, bro, that I don't think I, I don't know if I said this anymore, I maybe, maybe one at time. But Wayne said the most admirable thing that anybody has ever said to me in history, bro, as a producer, Wayne told me. 'cause what a lot of people don't know is some of the beats, some of the most historical freestyles that Wayne did, they were over David Banner beats. But I would send him so many beats. I don't put my tag on my beat Right. Until they paid for it. Right. But it was Wayne. So I, I ain't really give a shit, put that shit out, Wayne, because if Wayne do one of your beats, They gonna ask who, who You.


Yeah. And then gonna pay you because you produce. So I, I never tripped. Wayne could do whatever the he wanted to do. Right. But Wayne told me something, he called me man, it was really strange, said Banner, now that I'm a businessman, I can't promise you that youre gonna have a spot on everything, on Young Money. But I can promise you that I give you an opportunity to fight for your spot and that's all you can ask for. Yeah. As a man, bro. And the thing that I I I, I would wish and hope for Wayne Man is that that man really loves music, bro. I talked about this today, bro. Like Wayne would, would light a blunt, put his head in the speaker and ask me to play all my beats.


Not to sell 'em. But because he was a fan of my production, it ain't about, I don't give a fuck. But like, bro, just play the music bro. And I just wish that we could all make music again, man. Like I've been talking about this a lot 'cause I want people to know that it ain't about music. The last last thing I produced for ti that came out, I didn't charge 'em just wanted us to be in the studio again, bro. I got money. Let's just get back to doing it. 'cause bro, if we do what we do naturally, the money coming right? You can have AI and all that stuff.


The thing that you can't replicate is bro, like real live heart, bro. Real music. Something that touches people's soul. One of my friends told me when they created the television, we lost our minds. But the one thing that he couldn't take away from us is our spirit and our soul. We still got that Shannon. Right. And like Wayne bro Wayne is a, Wayne is special bro. Oh yeah. He, he, he is special man. And I just wish like Chris Brown, bro, that we just get back in and and with each other and work again bro. Like, just get in the studio, like a group of us that really care about this shit. And I think people would come back to it if they felt something bro.


And Wayne got that. Wayne really loves music, bro. Really, really loves music, bro. There's a, there's another artist I wanna shout out. 'cause you, when I was thinking about Wayne, I, I thought about him Devon, the dude in Houston, like I work with him Right. And he reminds me of that theme from New Orleans Reminds me of that bro. That people Yeah. Who just drop in them zones bro. And they love and music so much that everything else melts away. And I think people feel that. People feel Wayne's suffering and that's what people really relate. And he don't mind putting his heart on the track. I just wish, man, it was enough of us around to focus that.


'cause you can say a lot of dope stuff bro. But like to be able to put it in and, and and, and guide it a little bit. Not much bro. I am, I am one of the executive producers of Jill Scott's new album. Okay. And she's a great example of that, bro. Like Jill don't need no producers but like, to be honest with you man, to even be in the space to just give a little nudge. Mm. A little nudge here. 'cause to be real, Jill does seven songs in one session. Wow. You just gotta be man enough to let her play and move outta her way and then realize, okay, it's time to move on now.


Right. But let her get it as much of it out as you possibly can. But there ain't much producing Lil Wayne, Chris Brown, Jill Scott, they're geniuses. Samuel L. Jackson, Justin Timberlake, Idriss, but Regina King, Loretta Devine, Lawrence Fitchburg, t Diggs, forest, Whitaker, Boris Kojo, Oprah Kuba Gooding Jr. Don Cheadle, Taraji Queen Latifah. Yeah. What is the most fun you've had on a set or each, each of those individuals that I read off brings a different banner out. No. So lemme tell you this like no, no lie Shannon. I just started learning how to enjoy my life bro.


I've been so serious. I've been so scared of dropping the ball. Mm. That I didn't enjoy this shit bro. Like, think about having a football bro. You never throw that 'cause you scared somebody going intercept it. Right. That ain't fun. Part of it is letting that fly. Correct. Nobody ever taught me that I was from Mississippi, man. So like, I'm gonna just be real with you bro. Like most of the stuff I go through, I ain't got nobody to call, bro. Like, ain't nobody ever done no shit that I done. From what? From bro. I just got to the point where I can call Samuel Jackson this year bro. And people don't understand the pressure.


Like it's easy to do some some dumb thug shit. Like I'm used to that shit. I got homies that do that shit. But bro, I done got to a point in my life where ain't nobody really to call. And so I always been nervous, bro. Last year, bro, I was shooting in the middle of my biggest depression in my life, bro. I was shooting Fight Night and family business New Orleans at the same time and didn't nobody know it. I couldn't tell them folks. Right. And I was doing both of 'em at the same time. But I had accepted family business first and ain't no way. I'm not gonna do Fight Night with Kevin Hart, Samuel Jackson, Raji Terrace, Howard done Cheadle.


Mm. We gonna figure out a way to make that shit happen. Right. Fuck that. Right. And bro, I, hey, I never really had a chance to talk about this bro. That that shit fried me bro. That's a lot like, 'cause I was starring, I'm a star in family business. Yes. And then the pressure of every night I go to work, it's almost like you got, you got seven games, but all of 'em are all Star game. You only play one All Star game a year. Correct. When you playing football. But imagine all like, that's what Fight Night was. So the pressure of every time I go to work, you gotta, I can't talk to my friends about acting in front of Samuel Jackson bro.


Right. You know, and so it, it just, but, but I'm gonna tell you this bro. Samuel Jackson, he relieved me of that bro. After I got done with Fight Night man Samuel Jackson, I went to him and I was like, 'cause I really didn't talk to him 'cause I didn't really want to be all up under him if I didn't make him proud. And Samuel Jackson said the dopest shit ever. He said, man stop that shit man. Quit it. He was like, bro, when I started acting bro, I was just walking by. He said, in your first movie, black Snake Moan, you was acting in front of me and you survived. He said, you supposed to be here. Stop acting like that. So basically he was telling me to stand in my light bro.


Stand up and be the man. You and Erica Badu used to tell me that all the time. She used to always say this. It was strange. 'cause You know she float. Mm. She always say, we waiting on you Mr. Banner. People are waiting on you to see the God in you. And I never did bro. Until recently. Wow. Yeah. Ride along with Kevin Hart and Ice Cube. K Hart shot you cube interrogated you. What's it, what's it like to being on with Kev? Because I can just imagine I've been around him a little bit and, and talked to Cube, had cube on here. What's, what's it like to be on the set with Kev, with Kevin Hart? Can I take one of these home? You sure can. Okay. Thank you.


I wanna say this bro. And I'm serious. Say whatever they want to about Kevin Hart, with the exception of Tyler Perry. I ain't seen nobody work as hard as him. Like bro. Like he inspired me bro. Yeah. He, he work, he work. I mean Like, to be honest with you bro, like He either writing, he starred in it, commercials, movies, tv And people don't see he FaceTiming his kids over here on the side talking to his wife. He got a dialect coach 'cause he not from the south, but he doing a southern film, bro. He wake up every morning, bro at four 30 and workout.


Bro, I'm not playing about this workout shit, bro. I ain't lying bro. I saw Kevin Hart back. Ain't no way no mucks. I won't say it the way, ain't no motherfucker go out do me bro. Right. If you don't play no sports. Right. I'm dead serious. When y'all see my back, that was cousin Kevin Hart. That motherfucker look like he had a backpack. Right. Motherfucker, you ain't gonna outdo me and I got more time than you. Right. But, but Kevin Hart, man, he worked so hard man. And to have some similar like, to to have some form of still being human and learn how to smile. Yeah. And he hear all this shit people throw at him does like, bro, that How can you not because people like, I don't pay no attention to that.


Well you might not, but guess what you got family, friends and loved ones that do. Yeah. And bro, that boy worked his ass off. And whether you agree with what he do, it's always a mo. Have you ever noticed most people who talk the most shit don't have nothing. People who have what you have, regardless of whether they like your art form, form or not, they know how hard it is to get. So they usually don't talk shit about you. Right. Like Kevin work hard, man Kevin, I, man and I was inspired when we did, You know, fight night. I just didn't tell him. But I'm proud of him man. And what I want him to know is that I studied him the same way I studied 50 cent in music.


I watch Kevin Hart and as hard as I work like Shannon, I bust my ass all the time, bro. I always want to have to have children. Hmm. Again, I tell you that I always wanted to have a family, but I sacrificed that. But to see somebody, bro, if I can work like I work now and reach the level that Kevin Hart is or he's at now, but we don't need but a year of that dog. Right. But Kevin Hart done done this shit for four, five years, Bro. Oh yeah. He all right. And I, I'm, I'm really proud of him. Again, don't agree with everything he do. Don't agree with everything that he say. But he Happily Yes, I'm cool. Is there an audition you've gone on and you didn't get?


Yeah. That's a lot of em. Most em, That's what people say. People say channel you, You know, All let me change that. There was an audition that I smashed that I got it. And the director said, I look too young. Damn. And I wouldn't be here in front of you right now. I ain't gonna even bullshit you. If, if, if, if that would've happened, I wouldn't be here. Right. I was supposed to be the black guy in Walking Dead. The, the casting directors like me. It was actually two ladies. Right. And this was, I'm serious, y'all listen to me. I would've hated to be in that room. 'cause what they did was unacceptable, but it was dope.


'cause they did it for me. Right. The lady walked out after I did my audition and say I found him, him, imagine it's 30 people in a room and somebody come out and say, I found him and you gotta come after that. Right. Oh, she said, I I gotta introduce you to my partner. Come here. At the time I was wrong vegan drinking a gallon of water every day, bro, I can't lie to you bro. I did look like I was 24. Wow. What I, what came back to me, I don't know how true it is that I look too young, but now my friend said they could have put some gray in your beard. You got that check. But that was one thing, brother, that I always, I don't, I don't regret anything 'cause everything is in God light and God pal.


But I look at how well Walking Dead. Yeah. And bro, what that would've done for me. Ooh, shit. But you never know, bro. You, Some of us come, could Have been dead. Yeah. Or anything like you. I don't ever wish for what I don't have. Right. But that, that's one, one of the ones though, bro. Do you Prefer producing, rapping or acting? Is there one day, is there a preference? How much they paying? So you don't have a preference? I don't give a Fuck. No. Honestly, Shannon, we, we, we getting to do what our parents say, play. Right. I get to play every day that I wake up, bro. It don't matter how I play. Right. Just as long as I continue being creative. I just came off of, I did Forbes.


Yeah. And I talked about that in Forbes. I said, I'm one of the few CEOs that will come up here and tell you that I want to do less business. I make all this money. I wanna be, I wanna create, be creative again, bro. Right. Like that's your god. Power is to create. So bro, like we spend so much time working, we miss the opportunity to be communion with God and create new things. That's what I want to do. Shannon, this young man, one of the dopest minds of the younger age, his name is Derrick Grace. He says something so powerful one time, and I didn't ask him to say this. He said, can black people, can you imagine David Banner with a billion dollars?


Well he could do for our community. Oh yeah. If all he had to do was think and create for us, shit. But I'm on my way, Shannon. Yeah. Just watch. I'm about to tear their mouth out and bro, I'm telling you, I am not joking. I'm be out here with no shirt on. You gonna be like B, you can put your clothes on, on. I'm be like, no. Is there a role that you won't play in a movie? Yeah, there's a lot of 'em. I, I don't want to get into that, Shannon, because we can't run our mouth before we get in the positions that we need to in order to help our families. But I do know that sometimes our black bodies are used to push certain agendas and I just refuse to do that.


Okay. That's what I said about that. But Terrence Howard was in fight night with you, but lately he's been taking on the establishment. He's been calling out Hollywood for some of the things they're doing. Have you seen that side of Hollywood that he's speaking about? This is what I will say. We don't even have to go there. Shannon, where you from? Outside Georgia. Can you see that? Outside America ain't no different, bro. Do You know what's crazy about lynchings? Have y'all ever noticed, and I'm talking to the white people in here, when y'all saw pictures of lynchings and I'm talking to the white people, what color did they usually have on you?


Remember they had on white? You wanna know why they just got outta church? These people ain't changed. America ain't changed, bro. The problem that people don't understand is that the Slave House has always been in direct proportion of the Slave Master house. The thing that we don't understand from a mathematical standpoint is that the slave house has grown 40 million times. Mm. So the slave house is just bigger. We haven't, we haven't progressed that much, bro. Only in direct proportion to how much the slave master house. So what I'll tell you bro, is in Hollywood, man.


Like, we act like it's, it's no different, bro. But like, be honest with you, bro. Like, You know this Shannon, the police in our towns just took the hood off in a lot of cases, You know? And I'm, I'm, it ain't, I'm not surprised. It's not this big thing. We always act like, that's one thing that I don't like about our community. Like, when we see certain people fall, like in entertainment, we knew that about them in our community. You know, we did 10, 20 years ago. Don't act surprised 'cause white folks act surprise. Hollywood is no different than America, bro.


And I'm just getting to the point now that I, I refuse to self sabotage. Self sabotage myself, bro, because I've always been talking at, and I'm not gonna get up on your show and kill myself when I'm this close right? To being in control of my own life. But what I will say, America ain't no different than the police department. Ain't no different than the IRS ain't no different than what you've been through in the NFL. We just understand what it is we play within the parameters until we can get the freedom that we have, bro. But, You know, you said it earlier, bro. What is this? What is all of this stuff? It's a fraternity. And if it's a fraternity, it's a circle and there's certain people outside of that circle.


And if you not in that circle, you're gonna be treated a certain way or a manipulator. What made you start a multimedia production company? Why would you want, why did you wanna do that? Seems like you got a lot of, you got a lot of iron, you got a lot of irons in the fire. I just knew I wasn't, cube is my hero. Ice Cube is my hero. Okay? People never saw him as a, a-list actor, but he saw himself as a, a-list actor. True. So what I realized is nobody is gonna love me the way that I love myself. Okay? And that as long as it took me to become a rapper, I knew it would take me longer to become Superman. So if I wanted our children to see a superhero, I would have to believe in myself at that level.


And I would have to shoot it. I say this to all the kids, listen to me. Shoot it. Just shoot it. Shannon, you didn't know if this shit was gonna pop or not. Nope. But you felt it in, you felt it in your spirit. Yep. And you shot it. Just shoot, shoot into the gun empty and keep busting that it could just be going click, click, click, click, click. Right? Just keep shooting. And bro, it'll happen. Like I really believe that God conspires, I think, bro, the way that, and I'm, I'm only saying this bro, because you have access to our people. It's not that I'm trying to put you in a peculiar, peculiar situation, bro, but like, I believe that the way that we pray to God is wrong.


I think that God really want to help us do what we wanna do. But if you say you a okay, if you say you a God and you act like it, give you that too. What you pray for you will get. And your true prayer is what you think about and what you talk about the most. You may pray one time to God, but in your ordinary everyday life, you talking about negativity, hate, poverty, that's what you going to get. Shannon, I could tell when you talked, bro, you wanted to be successful so bad, bro. You wanted that bread so bad, bro. That was your prayer.


So you got it. Other things that come along with that, that's what they don't teach us, Right? True. But hey man, it's, it's, it's scary now, bro. Like how much I can move the universe around and we gotta stop acting like we surprised about it, man, and start getting back in touch with the stuff that our grandparents knew. That's why I give, gives so much love to Ryan Coogler. And what he did was sinners. Yeah. Because he was really trying to introduce black people to another part of our spirituality that we lost, that our grandparents knew about. And I'm not gonna talk about it on this show. We could talk about it later on, bro. But there's another aspect of our spirituality, whether we agree with it or not, but it's more of our culture and what we say that we believe in and we turn our nose up at man.


And, and I'm just starting to realize, man, that I have more power and dominion over how I live my life. And I just have to stand up as a man and accept that. And bro, it's, it's, it's not easy and it's scary, but Shannon, you called the shit that you did. Ain't nobody ever did the shit that you did, bro. No black, no black man in the podcast space, bro. To do the shit that you did the way that you did it, bro. Bro, they, they thought you was a country bumpkin, bro. You showed them. Me being from the country means more than you being tight ass. And then if you notice, they started to try to act like you no motherfucker.


You can't beat me being me. No. You better stay tight ass. Right? Like you being stay where you stay bro. And again, bro watched how you studied, bro. You put yourself in a very uncomfortable situation. And it's funny now, even when I watched when you did the intro, it's so polished. And I was thinking to myself like, bro, you really free. That's what you choose to do. That's fine. But bro, you literally at a point where you can do what you choose to do. And you did that hard work so you can be free. Yeah. Just understand man, that you did that, bro. I promise bro. I studied you, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So it's a blessing. Gatorade, you did, you redid that 12 times and they still didn't use it.


No. They they end up using it. They ended up using it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. It is the second biggest Gatorade, I don't know if it's still is the second big biggest Gatorade commercial in history. Wow. Yeah. I mean like you've done, so do you ever, I mean, have you taken the time? Because then I tell, this is what I tell people. I say like, when I was playing, I don't know, I'd never smelled the roses because I was so caught. I was so focused on making sure I did right and, and, and I was staying on top of my game. Is that now sometimes when I see stuff I'm like, damn, I did that. And people will use you because they know you don't see yourself. Women do it. Corporations do it. Like they, they smell like women are really good at seeing our potential that we don't see corporations see the stuff that we don't see, bro.


Like I, bro, this is really hard for me to say, bro. I was, I was on this white show bro. And these white boys had had studied me so hard and they talked about all the stuff that I did, Shannon, and I can't bullshit you, bro. It made me tired. Like I literally got tired. Like I wanna go home and go to sleep. Like man, I've done so much at such a high level bro. And it hurt me, bro. 'cause most black people don't give a, and I do what I do for black people and they probably care the least.


What did wasn't I had in the Bible. You remember how Jesus did who you work for and who. Yeah. But I mean, it's easy to say that, bro. It, it is. You know, because you going through it, it hurt, it hurts, it hurts more. It does when it come like the outside saying whatever I can, I can. And I don't want my, when I'm a, when I'm dead, bro. Think about Basquiat bro. How much people are taking advantage of his art and his own family can't live off of his genius, bro. And he died suffering, bro. He wasn't happy. Come on bro. I'm not gonna do that shit y'all, I'm not doing that man.


Look at Malcolm and Martin, bro. They family is suffering dude. Dad, I'm not doing that bro. It gotta be a better way. And if God gave us those examples, why go down that man. Look man. That's why I'm telling you bro, we gotta do better with talking to each other man. And, and and and and and pulling each other aside and being like, man, come on bro. It's funny man. One of my homeboys worked for the biggest shoe company in the world and man, they put my homie through it, dude. And I just called him and I was like, bro, I got a room in my house, bro. I know you rich, but just come on down to the crib man. Let's talk.


Not even talk. That's what I did with T-Pain. Right? That fucked, that fucked T-Pain up man. When T-Pain was going through his shit, I brought T-Pain to my house and this is going, this freaked him out. 'cause I had just started understanding meditation. I made T-Pain come to my house and sit on my porch and he couldn't say nothing to me for an hour. I said, just sit there. And that motherfucker was sitting there shaking. 'cause he had never been in a space where somebody cared about him enough. Where I don't need nothing from you, I just need for you to sit there and process life, bro. And most people don't do that. Have you always been a guy that wanted to help people? Yeah, but not for the right reasons.


I'm starting to realize now, man, that as, as, as as I have a therapist and that I become more spiritual. I think I wanted to help more. I wanted to help people so much 'cause I had been hurt so much. Hmm. And my ego and like, I like man, that preacher told me that Mississippi preacher said, you keep playing Jesus and wonder why you end up on the cross. Wow. It ain't your responsibility to say nobody. It ain't my responsibility, bro. Like that was the hardest thing, bro. I thought it was my responsibility to say Mississippi. It's not. Do what you can and go to, because one thing I I actually learned this from the Spider-Man movie.


I don't know if you remember when the Green Goblin was on him and Spider-Man was on the top of Toby. Yeah. Movie. And he said, live long enough hero to be the villain. No matter how good I did, no matter how much I worked, still talk shit about me. No matter how much good I did still say I ain't never, I ain't never done nothing, never ever, ever. That's what you gonna say to me? I ain't never done nothing. Be so I realize you just have to have the resolve in yourself to do God's work and sit in it and go the phone. 'cause Shannon no bullshit.


I'm I I said this three, two times on your show already, bro. Bro always wanted children. I ain't got no and no wife bro. You still Could have that. Yeah, but I don't, I don't have it. Do Are you, are you putting yourself in position? No. Okay then. But I don't know how Shannon, I mean, you could run a marathon, but you gotta get to the start line. You Sure? Yes. You might want to ette the Words. No, I'm just saying you Don't wanna run a marathon. But now I'm just saying like Shannon, honestly bro, like it is easy to say it. I used to tell my dad that all the time. Like how many Rappers before you came outta Mississippi, how many people was on TV before you came outta Mississippi?


Black people look like you. Yeah. Talk like you act like you. Yeah. Okay Then. But what I'm telling you, Shannon, I'm serious though, bro. It's like I used to tell my dad all the time, just show me how to do it. I don't know what to fuck all I know how to do work. He Can't show you what he don't know. I never thought about that. Touche. I've never used that word. Yeah. Too. But like, I'm serious, Shannon. Like I don't, I don't know what to do. I don't know what that shit look like, homie. I don't know nothing but work. My mentor tell me that all the time. He, he's you on the hamster wheel again, ain't you Mr. Banner? Yep. I tell you my, my, my mentor is David Moody. He told me this. Shannon watch this. He says, son said, yes sir.


How many followers you got? Around 4 million. He said, the stuff that I teach you, have you gave it to your fans and your followers? I said, yes sir. He said, okay. He said, don't I tell you you do too much all the time? I say, yes sir. He say, well, lemme ask you this. If you teach your fans and your people and your followers what I taught you, how many people have I influenced 4 million. And one, he looked at me directly in my eyes and David Moody said, how many people did I concentrate on?


I said, just me. Damn. Wow bars. That's it. Damn. Y'all ain't gotta say shit behind the cameras. That was dope. You know, that shit was dope. I know that y'all usually don't applaud when of Shannon's camera, but y'all could gimme a little bit from that. Come on. Yeah. Clap your motherfucker ass white folks too. Yeah, That was it. That was it. Before we wrap Shannon, How you like that chain? But that, that's nice chain, right? Couldn't bullshit You bro. Up you little. So we okay? Yeah. Little light. Wait. Yeah. Little something up Shannon to talk all that shit about that. Now I'm running water. Oh, this, this chain is just so ice and watery for all the water that I didn't have Anything.


You gotta, anything you promote. You got an album, you got a TV show, what you got? Just tell the people that. Tell the people because people go watch this. Just Family business New Orleans. You can look at it on Amazon. Bt Plus Fight Night. I got some movies coming out, man. The main thing that I will ask my people is just don't leave me alone. Shannon. You know how this shit feels. Yeah. When people come after you, folks leave you all by your, they do fucking self bro. And I But it gives you an opportunity though, David, to find out who was always there. Who, who was really there. Yeah. For the right reasons. I'm just asking for people not to do that for, to me, like I stand for y'all.


One of the things I realized with my success, Shannon, is that really black people can't figure out why I came back. Most people get the Fame that I've been able to accrue and they lead black people. I love my people. I run towards my people and the thing that hurts me the most is not, I expect the swords from the enemies or people who have historically not loved us. I still can't register it for our people. And I know it's, it comes from a hurt place. I know it comes from an ignorant place, but where I real, real I love black folks. I real, real live like people think I'm joking when I talk about the admiration that I have for black women.


But I mean that with all my heart, bro. I love people that look like my mama. I love people that look like my grandmother, bro. I mean that shit with all my heart bro. And it hurts me to even fathom that people don't feel the same way about me when they may not even have the capacity to. And I'm smart enough to understand that. But that don't stop me from being in the flesh. Only thing that I ask man is to for, for, for, for people to give me the same thing that you give Hines Ketchup. That you get a gas company, that you get a light company in southern places where we from. You give your undying attention and paper to that.


You give Budweiser that you give Hennessy. That's what I want bro. And if you can't gimme what you give him, then I'm cool. I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna get outta here on this one. I'm gonna share with you what my share therapist shared with me. She say, Shanna, your biggest mistake is, is that you see yourself in other people. Ooh. Bars. You think people is gonna treat you like you would treat them or like you wouldn't wanna be treated bars. He said that's your, she said that is your mistake. Bars can't say nothing to that one, bro. David Banner. Yeah. Hold on, wait a minute. Can I do this? I know this has never happened before.


Shannon Sharp. You needed that, didn't you? Yeah. Passion for question before we go. Yeah brother, did you enjoy yourself? I did. I really. I did. Did you brother? This felt like therapy dog. Yeah, It did. This was actually a little spooky to me, bro. And I have to tell y'all, I don't know Whether he gonna keep this, but half of the interview I had to piss and I was so upset that I had to piss 'cause I'm a man of discipline. I said, how the, you get on this platform and had this opportunity and have to piss. And then what I was told is like, that's all right. You human go piss. Yeah, yeah, exactly. And I went and pissed. I don't know how you gonna edit that though, but we good? And I wanted to say piss on the Sheha. Yeah, We good?


Okay. Not literally, but You know. Yeah. All my life, grinding all my life, sacrifice, hustle, price. Won a slice. Got the roll of the all my life. I've been grinding all my life, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, slice. All my life. I all my life.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche. We embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Sarah Spain, host of Good Game with Sarah Spain and the co-author of the new book Runs in the Family, an incredible true story of football, fatherhood and belonging. Written with and about Las Vegas Raiders Running backs, coach Deon McCullough. It's the story of a football coach and father of four who sees his life forever changed by the unsealing of his adoption records. And it's got a twist you won't believe based on the viral ESPN story I did a few years ago. This book will blow your mind and bring you to tears by runs in the family wherever books are sold. This is an iHeart podcast.