
What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia's pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPG Tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Kira k Dixon NBC Sports Reporter and host. And We've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, an IHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your Podcasts.


Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women Sports Tickets are on sale now.


Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dunn Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


The Volume Michelle. All right man. We back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wells. We still trapping outta Michelin ness man. Shout to Michelin ness. Holding us down this wonderful all-star weekend. Man. We ain't gotta guess we got family in the building. Pull it back up. We gonna introduce my man's last to my far left. We got my dog Bishop B here out the pley. How you what? Nasty. Cool, nasty, excited about this one. Shout To my dog in the building today for Fooling with us Ade. I know it's been did it since we done looked up bro. You know what I'm saying? Your boy up here, he looking different nowadays man. Yep, yep. Chain never The black, the Black Forces them gone now. Come on Man.


Oh yeah. Got the buys on boy. Getting money. You ain't got no taco me on the chest or nothing? I No, no, no. I shave, shave. Nah, I got my own shoe stringing line too bro. I want to, You know what I mean. Bless you with a couple pair. Yeah, appreciate that. Nah, I love it bro. You got it's heni eggs.com? Yeah. Triple your local porn side. Make Sure y'all go and get this man Support. Get shoelaces and don't accept the cookies though. Just nah. Shoe lessons. All cookies, shoe lessons, shoelaces and BBLs. Oh man, that's on the back of the site. Oh, we about to have fun today.


Come I right my dog. Young Nacho yo. Team. How you what? I'm cooling man. I just heard that the Cowboys got a new coach and I'm hyped man. What do you hype for? Because the Cowboys gonna suck again Is a fan too. The two, two of them niggas on the Couch right now. I love that. This these two gonna go through it for a whole nother season. I'm so happy. Hey we gonna do better than them. Codes On me. I'm a Falcon fan. Them two. Oh We we ain't work. Ain't even women cheerleader. Man Cheerleader.


Y'all fucking wrong thing. They got jock strap like you say the longest yard. Be careful. Real tough. You gotta be careful dude. You can't even be like man such and such fine. Like you sure you all in the uncle's box, You know what I'm saying? You gotta come down motherfucker. You looking at the culture son. Hey fuck what they talking about. What they talking about? Shout to Kirk Cousins. No, no, no, no. Don't do that. Mike sat Kirk. Kirk. Kirk gone For sure. Gone get well Su man listen man, no strangers to this show man. This film be on the show man.


You seen him everywhere comedian. Now he's a sports extraordinary man. We got Bubba D Big do appreciate you Slide on us again my brother. Yes sir. Yes sir. It's been a while since to seen you man. Man, man, I came real man. I'll be honest with y'all man. I wanted to thank y'all for bringing me on. Y'all show a while back bro. It kind of, it kind of helped my career jump off even more than what it was bro. Damn. Just to be around y'all guys. The camaraderie, y'all family man. And it just feel good that y'all was able, able to allow me to come over and do my thing and we had some fun on there. I got a little backlash behind the Dwight Highway. But that's my guy. We all good. Yeah, it's all fun and games man. Don't take it personal but facts man. Facts. But you gonna take these jokes more than anything. Nah. Yeah it is all up.


I so I appreciate everything y'all done for me bro. No, No man. Some paper pulling up bro. Nah, you family. Yeah you come but we gotta talk about it. Y'all cowboys. Yeah man. You told me before the show started man. You fuck with Sa Quon and the Eagles? I do. I Do. That's your team now. Ah, I mean for right now because they warm, You know what I'm saying? I gotta ride. I gotta ride the high, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Because You know, You know I, me and Gil cool. You know I be go Eagles soon as sees you going. Unless your last year don't matter. It don't matter that year. Man. Don't matter. I'm so sad about like the playing sports, like you'll win a Super Bowl then as soon as that week is over.


Yeah, you gotta start at it again. You trash like you said. Yeah, but did you think, did you think the Chiefs was gonna beat them though? Or you had the Eagles the whole time? Keep it real. Keep It real bro. I feel like, I feel like my homies gonna get a three piece. I feel like Andrew Reed was gonna make adjustments in that second half. It just didn't happen bro. It just Eagles dominated that that front folk dominated. They didn't have to say five or six people to blitz and time. A defense don't have to do that. You in trouble bro. That's far. You say like they ain't caught a blitz all night. The front four. It got spooky. Yeah. So what do you do if you the you the Chiefs chief bubble dub you the Gm. If I'm the GM of the Chiefs, you, you got, you gotta beef up that offensive line. You gotta protect P That wasn't P at that game. That was Patrick.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It's two different people. P and it's Patrick P is the P is the guy that's playing dominoes and deuces Wild. Patrick is playing chuckles and all this other shit with his wife and her family and shit. So You know what I'm saying? It's two different People man. Okay, so P is with the pops facts. Okay. No You know pop Smoke that talk? Yeah Patrick. Ah, that's who it was. He wasn't even his self on the sideline. He wasn't mad, he wasn't talking, wasn't chewing on the my piece. He wasn't on none of that. Looked like he was on loyal tabs. I know a loyal person when I see one. Put that on Real. Maybe he was too excited. They tried to calm him down.


It didn't work. It didn't work though. You can't say that. Put that on. Yeah you can say it because it ain't gonna fail they pills. This is rather give you pain than anything else that On. So he said my was doped up. Definitely dope up wrong bro. Come on bro. He Wasn't himself though. Time they showed he had no time back there. That front four was crazy. Getting his ass whoop. What your cowboys need? They ain't run a ball at all though. To what they need. Man, you a real team. Thoughts of prayers Man. I'm gonna be honest. I talk a lot of noise about Dak but Dak ain't that bad bro. And I'm gonna say this to The world. You can say what you want. I love Jalen, her's Super Bowl, MVP quarterback.


Be honest he ain't better than Dag bro. I'm just gonna be real bro. What I will give him the intangibles. He will run. Yeah that's what I give him with. I think that's what separate Jalen. He's a winner and he will run the ball. He ain't gonna sit there in the pocket and wait for somebody get open ain't open. He gonna run for sure. That's the only thing I wish Dak would do. Now if you just go back the numbers and look at this and that Dak one of the best quarterbacks in the game. Now he gonna translate to no playoff wins or none of that. We don't but I'm gonna change that. Okay I'm gonna change that. How you gonna change? Put him on some weeds. Shit what we going do? We're gonna start smoking the cushion. We gonna start smoking. So you think D Hot, if Dak hit the cush, You know he Gonna be a whole lot bigger than what he is now bro. He already read a little slower defensive.


You trying to make this nigga bitch even more blurry. He gonna be good. He try to be a good boy. He ain't a good boy. He gotta smoke some Sativa then. That's definitely what he need bro. He needs some sativa then. Crazy man. I'm serious. If you put Dak on some good weed, he gonna go off. He gonna go off Whole time. That's why the cowboy need was a good girl y'all. What y'all run back gonna do? Y'all running back situation. Y'all brought Zeke back last year. Oh we're gonna be drafting one. Zeke finished. I don't know why we even brought him back. He don't do no but party and party all goddamn time. My type of guy Shit. That's why we lose. I Love, I love Ohio State so I like him. I like Ohio State too. You Know he's my favorite team forever. He Old now. I ain't saying he still can't contribute to a team. Yeah but he's old.


He's not what the Cowboys need man. Cowboys. We had a, we had somebody, we let him go to Tennessee. Yeah we had Tony Paul golf for no reason. Definitely did. So y'all first round pick. Who do y'all say? Oh boys of State. You know what time it's y'all taking him. That's hard. Please, please. Y'all sure please. I Don't Get it. Look what happened when we took Ze. I don't get it. We took Zhi and they was like that was a bad pick and get Him. They hang Michael Irvin for two weekends. We good. Mike gonna break it. Me real good. Cut the out. What's going on? 400 yard. Hey. Oh Mike gonna get him ready gonna put him on that book on sugar. Damn. That's how good.


Hey you see he said he wanted to be Black. Panther my car and as crazy as fuck my Irv wake up sweating, wake up sweating, fuck on in your dream. Come on that motherfucking G in this that up, that shit. I'm saying hey book Sugar in this pool. Shit don't leave nigga he came in, he was from Miami too in the eighties. Yeah everybody, everybody know Pablo work what's down Pure. It was that pure Too. That why he were getting off like this. That had a real Miami boy. It was different like yeah yo, it was stepped on. Michael Irv was really a crash man wasn't stepped on.


Now Michael Irv love goat bro. Oh Bro. He hall of Fame for him. Lt. Oh legend. Can you imagine them being on the same team who fighting over the last last line. That plug is rich on one team more. That plug going Crazy. Hey put him in the ring honor. That team Told Me he missed a game. It said somebody was selling you. Y'all know y'all play tonight. He was Watching on tv. I said boy he different boy. You watching your own team play at David Ru? Nah fast. Oh shit. Oh shit we lemme pull Up. That's crazy as hell for sure man listen man it's been minute man.


We gotta talk about recently man Ad in Dallas man. How you feel when you saw that news? I loved it man. Okay. I mean I know my Dallas fans they upset 'cause Luca was like they white Jesus bro. Most Definitely. But it's la it's Bright lights. LeBron on his way out they got the brain in another store. It's all about money man. It's all about the range. A a he gonna do great in Dallas. I really do. It's it's time to see what Kyrie can do. Okay. I mean everybody wanna keep saying well he hit the shot for LeBron, he hit the shot, well hit him, hit again. Hit it again. We gonna talk. I mean you got a And you got a good team, okay lead it. Can you lead this team, the marriage? Because I think right now on paper they're a bigger team than the Lakers.


Yeah, most definitely they are. I I Admit that Bigs gotta get healthy but on paper definitely they get back in gaffer. They be good. Yeah. Yeah that's a all team. But the Overall of it though, lakes gonna be on fire. You think so Lu? I told Him already smoking. Luca already don't like good right there all told him Run got him in the first night. Come here red wine. So now I'm go in the bedroom. I be I know you smoke sugar him Robing plays though. Hey Rob bro. Yeah bro. Rob, he had No charge. You gonna be fired Straight up. Yeah, I think they gonna be good though. Yes bro. La because You playing in the game bro. Like honestly nigga you got LeBron on one wing, you got Luke on the other wing, can you double them?


The only difference is they play the same way you spoke on that. Yeah. If they ain't play the same, then I say nah you can't. They both need the ball and like the offense gotta run around them. But you say the same way. See I I I When you say the same way like I like women come to find out my ex like women too. You see what I'm saying? And it ain't work out Like I see that. You see what I'm saying? Alright, speed. Speed me up. Speed up. This what I'm going through now. I told you I'm going through a storm.


Who's scoring big in NBA this season? You are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props, money lines, you name it, DraftKings. Got it all new customers. Now that's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Take us to the record to DraftKings Sports book where every point counts. Download the app today, use Code Club five 20. Yes, that's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets with just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to save warmer Miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, go Hop isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda bti. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women Sports.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this, something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of.


I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA, superstar Angelian. I really Just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, there's Shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shanking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey Y'all crazy, crazy awesome weekend man. I wanna ask you, what's your idea or some ideas you think the NBA could incorporate next year to help make Allstar weekend? The the great weekend we all grew up with for us For one man they gotta get their NBA slam dunk contest back on board. Okay. I would say 'cause players always make money now and it's not even about the money with them like Zion, how can we get Zion in the NBA Slam Dunk Contest? Contest. Oh porn Star and Boan. He got you get used unlimited booed porn star. You got Zion. We A porn hub gift. A dunk contest. Ja Wick, unlimited ammo, whatever you want.


Found Gold Gun James Bull. We got him. So who is your four if you wanna see him in the NBA dunk contest? My Fourth right now. What's that guy he got traded from Dallas, left-handed Jones Jones. Jones. He Went so You know your boy Louistown Jones Dj. That's why I won C bro. That's what I wanna c. Nah, He got hops for Sure. Yeah so him Zion pick two more. Ja Ja Marant. Ja Marant. Gimme one more. One more right now. Hot flyer and a motherfucker too. He ain't even know Hot Fly. Oh aunt man he quit making babies and God we can get him, we can get 'em on the court. That's my twin though. But come on fam.


Put put strap up. I know you get all this kind of money but it'll leave. It'll got 30 money come. I love you Kemp. I just got, I gotta teach the youngsters the real. That's all I'm saying. You can have money today and be broke tomorrow. That's a true story. That's a fact. That's all I'm saying. That's a true story Because it's your lifestyle man. Lot of people don't understand that man. Yeah, I'm making 10 million a year but next year you might make 2 million but you can't still spend like you making 10 million. So we gotta educate these players man it's all good getting that. You know that monkey, it's all good getting it but strap up man.


That's great. Listen man I know you super verse to be when it come to this sport. Shit. Tell us about the boxing stuff you got coming up man. You, you everywhere right now bro. Man I got some boxing stuff coming over with Tank Davis. You know Roach Big fight March 1st, Barclay Center. I just wanna see some good boxing bro. Like Tank nine's been talking about retiring and I, I think that's kind of dangerous. Talking about retiring, why you still boxing? Because you never know where it's hard Mind in right now And you lying. People coming to get that spot bro. They, they want it. They training just as hard as you. But I honestly though, I want to see Tank fight Chris Stevenson, I want to see him fight Devin hanging Bay area. Hil check out the Devin Hanger.


I won. See him fight Steroid Ron Garcia again. I wanna see it bro. Like, 'cause we need good fights. Like we gonna be spending 60, $70 on paper if you, I want $67 worth, You know fight, I mean worth that much bro. Okay. I don't wanna see nobody getting knocked out second and third round bro. Yeah, like what the hell is you training for? If you get knocked out second and third round Bro. Well sometimes they get the best outta you. Nah, that's impossible bro. Nah, there's something going on man. You get knocked out second and third round bro. Michael Whooper niggas in 17 seconds. They was, they was training. What you think about the Mike Tyson and Jake Paul? Shit wack his foot. Mike was on Fit now because what y'all say this Mike don't give a damn. He lied to me. Had me thinking Nah Mike, Mike back.


Nah you, you seen him though. He was pulling back, You know he wasn't pulling back. Was Mike, Mike finished? Nah nigga Lewis showed me that. I should, I shoulda never even nigga like the kid nobody wanna talk about y'all. He was going through some things. He showed war left and right that because we us black people bro, we have a tendency of wanting to take off a woman. No we gonna stop like the Drake and Kendrick shit. You know what I'm saying? There we go. He wanna pick sides. No, Mike got his ass to off. No Bro, he was really holding back. It was a few times in that fight where he could have beat the fuck outta exclude. That was black on black crime. For sure. For sure, for sure. I was just talking about when he fought on boy it was, it was staged bro.


It was staged. He would've fucked him up bro. This money. You think he would've fucked him up though? He would've fucked him up bro. If Mike would've really got, would've been able to really get to it would just straight up money line. I Don't think Mike got it no more bro. I can't let you sit and say that. Alright. You seen the train video Mike? Okay. Mike's six, You step in front of him I'll for 20 million. I will too. 20 million. I'll stop nigga. This nigga hit 20 million. I gonna say that was a running question on this podcast. I said 20. Oh my god. I said I wouldn't let him punch me bare fist for million. Would you take a bare knuckle punch from Mike Tyson? I Got Mike Tyson. What he want for four seconds? Yo. I ain't gonna look for That's crazy. That's crazy. YouTube. That's crazy. That's crazy. But to get punched by Mike Tyson.


Bare knuckle. No, nah, Nah bro. Knuckle. No he gone, he gonna kill me dog in the ring With gloves on you. Yeah, if I could move. Nah, no, no. Hell nah man. I'm not doing it. One point from Mike Tyson. Nah, 10 million. 10 million today Bub is in your hands to I instant transfer Bub 10 million. Yeah, when You wake up your back y'all gonna be elite. I ain't gonna lie. You, you ain't gonna see that bank account. He gonna be, your family gonna see it. Mike Tyson just talking About boy from radio. Yeah he gonna be radio Bro. Do Mike Tyson hit harder than Covid? I had Covid seven times to steal him. Ain't worried About Mike. He might knock type of shit.


He might. I'm cool. I ain't taking, I'm not, I'm not punch real. I'm not taking punch. Mike Tyson not for T Seed. No One might not be bad. You might not even feel it. That's the point. That's even worse. Yep. I'm gonna wake up and be dead. This nigga said I'm gonna wake up and be dead. What? I'm gonna wake up and Be dead. Listen, think we giving Mike too much credit? No shit man. No bro. I seen him knock out professional boxers. Yes Bro. Yeah we wild. We seen that. We seen him get knocked out too. He talk about no let's talk about Mike getting his ass knocked out several times. Yes. I I don't think I'm, I don't think I'm, I ain't trade enough to knock Mike out.


I ain't gonna lie. Oh no. He one of the greatest fighters ever, ever. Oh doubt Definitely. He ain't gonna win. Gonna never say Mike ain't winning the greatest. But if you had to put a max together like I wanna see Bud Crawford versus Canelo. I know it's supposed to be, it supposed to be happening. Love bud. But my favorite boxer right now is Benavidez. That's my guy. I like That guy man. He's cool. David Benavides is, I like David Binger, he been calling out Canelo. I don't for, I don't think he rigg not what I seen this last fight. I mean Yeah not What I seen this last fight, his Last fight was Questioning Canelo gonna clip him. Don't Clip him. I don't think he trained as hard. I think he been training for Canelo then Every time he don't get Canelo he call him out every single time. That's what You just said. You gonna think he what? I don't think he trained. You Can't have that As a box. I know, I know. Straight up. But he still won.


Yeah but when you go against it very, very elite. I think he gonna be ready for the very elite. I think he, I think he Ready for a pga. I don't think he actually ready to get in there with Canelo was a proven fighter been fight since he was eight years old. Got for 80 fights. Yeah. Don't win against Floyd. He move up in weight. I think Canelo will get him GI just do style make fights. Yeah but I think way Ville fought him. He a bigger fighter. Yeah he beat Canelo. I think Ben Navita has seen a blueprint like I'm a bigger fighter. He used to be what, 2 2 60. He was fat? Yeah, He Cut way he got in shape.


I think he seen a blueprint like I could beat him. Because you don't just start calling Canelo out if you don't really think you can beat him. Yeah you do. If you wanna get paid kind of money. If you wanna get And You do Too. And it's two Mexican fighters. Yeah I get it. Seen Charlo brothers I went to that fight. They fought? Yeah he hit Charlo on the face Bow, he took a knee. I said God how you take a of me eight seconds later Now that was different though. That hard though. Yeah that was different bro. But I do. Back to your point though, I do think Bug can get him. Hmm. Bud coat. I do think Bug can get him but I don't think Bug can see trade with him though. I don't think he can trade with him though. Yeah, I don't think he big enough bro. Mm You don so Canelo man.


What he wants to skate He savage bro. I ain't gonna lie. But Bud, bud is a, he a complete fighter though for, that's one thing I can say though. Most definitely man. Definitely some things to look forward to in the boxing world for Yeah, for sure. I'll be here at Michelin Nest dub. Tell us man, what's some of your favorite jerseys? Your some of your favorite Throwbacks Throwback? I, You know I gotta go T-Mac. Okay, the blue joint? Yes sir. I seen the Kevin Durang out there, the Sonics. Mm, that's, that's, That's classic. That's, That's classic right there bro. I like that one. Yeah some people Of course the opinion Hardaway with the Magic. That's one of my favorites too. That penny different what I've been looking for. I ain't found it Vince Carter with the Nets but looking for that one.


I ain't seen that. Nothing joined. What you want a white one? Yeah. Alright. You on the right platform. Oh, print it up. Yeah. Vince Carter with the Nets throwback. Yeah. And he just got a jersey retired too with them. Yeah, that's come fuck up with that Jersey Dub want the Vince Carter throwback. I like the, I like the penny throwback over the back over the Tmac match. Well I Which one is better? The penny. The penny and that's no hate. Everybody always think I hate Tac, I don't hate Tmac no more. We don't wanna go down that rabbit hole. But the, the Penny Hardaway throwback is is fire bro. The black with the pin stripes. Yeah but that blue TM Mac with the stars though. But you, You know Fire. Yeah the blue T back with the Stars. Stars. That's, this is where, since we talking about shout to Mitchell next.


We love y'all but the penny jersey bro with the shoes. Okay. Yeah the shoes it hit different. What y'all, you can't wear no T-Mac Throwback with the Stars with the T-Mac ones. You out pocket. You outta I'm Wrong with the T. Nah, but that's what that Stu had on a t And the Hat TI ain't gonna lie. That T, that T nah it was Jersey. With the Jersey. It was a go platinum. Fubu. Yeah album.


He Said it was a fat album. Jersey was. I had that 92 jersey. Fuck her one. One one. I Hey I be, hey we can pull up except lock in. Oh man. Who you, who you seeing doing good this year in the NBA? Well so far. I mean like who you see winning if you had a pick. I like OKC bro. I likeon bro Shy man. He's, he showing me a lot. Of course you got the Celtics man. You know you got those guy bro. I really wanna talk about what's going on with them. Damn. 76 ERs. Woo, Highway robbery.


Shout out to pg. What you think the biggest problem is Pg? What camera? Man You know I love you. Trash absolutely trash. He hurt though. Yeah he hurt. He hurt. He hurt. He hurt. Need to have a talk. He with titles. Get what? When the hurricane Katrina? All them Nas baby them business.


I got all these business nigga. Damn baby. Them ain't Orleans No man, he just hurt. Hurt. Well he ain't But I I feel you but well and B Hurt. I got a tri on him. Okay. Elon Musk chip, he got in that robot. You put that shit in your ball player. It's a new game. Dang. Change your fan. Hey It is gonna give you new knees. Damn Right. Alright. I need to, damn right. I need to chill. Damn Right. You need to remix. If y'all remixing it like that, sign me up.


He gonna be the first fail bitch. This nigga still Dy you up though bro. You be hard on yourself though bro. Messing with you though man. That's They messing with you though. I love it because it keep me humble. They been like this my whole life. Even when I was playing good he'd be like nigga, nigga. Oh buddy. Way nicer than you. But that's keep you on your toes though. I fuck with how many people wanna make it and never made it. Nah, I feel that sitting back watching you on the couch hating. Oh I'm big than nothing. No you not. I got an uncle like this. Show me nothing. All this highlight films tape. I was a bad boy. Now you're smoking rocks. Nigga go that damn tap in the fight.


Go get you a job Sam. You gonna be a firefighter or something. Them days I was a uncle on them. Don't wanna tell him. I'm gonna tell him Nigga's over every, everybody got, I see Brag, he so You know more. He was cold. Cold nigga you were 25 in the 10th grade that I'm, We got some niggas back home that's still around their high highlight tapes. Every real talk bro. Real. So that's a real thing bro. That's universal bro. I was 25 in the 10th grade dunking on everybody. Nigga to do that. Babies on His next person was Max.


Prince was unbelievable. He was gold. He was, he was African. He Couldn't read though. That's the only time he couldn't read. He couldn't remember the plays or nothing. Hey know he been asking for JB birth certificate for the last three years. He don't believe how old he is bro. Who? Joel B 40. Only thing Joel is 43 On my mama. He need a white word. I'm Skecher too. Who signed a Skel contract bro? Him and nigga Snoop. Him and Snoop. The only nigga wearing Skel same Age Signed him up up for Comfort. I was try, I was trying to solve with Sketcher. Soke they, his mouth was too out pocket. Yeah. Told me I was too cur too disrespectful. Man you turn Skees up they trip. Yeah bro. I wear Skees on here every day.


Yeah We all wear Skees, You know. You know what I'm talking about. I promote the hell outta them. Jordan dread wear no damn Jordan to cause hiccups. Snoop s that culinary skills. I'm in the kitchen cooking and sculptures. Oh God be here. You gotta where the black s with the white ladies. Gimme a deal. I'm gonna give my baby mama.


You know we at Club five 20 are always on the road covering events, getting the best content for you, our fans. And each time we head to different cities, we're always trying to stop by and watch NBA games. And if you're looking for tickets like I am, look no further than SeatGeek with over 28 million downloaded. SeatGeek is the number one rated ticketed app with the N-B-A-N-H-L players both around the corner and the MLB on the way with the W as well. Tickets are all backed by their buyer guarantee and each ticket is rated on a scale of one through 10. So you'll know if you're getting a good deal. So You know, I had it come through for you. All right. Use promo Code Club five 20 it get 10% off your next set of tickets at SeatGeek. That's right. 10% off with promo Code Club five 20. And if you click the link in the description to download the app, you'll have the code automatically added to your account to use it later. That's 10% off with promo Code Club five 20.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe and Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to say former Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, go Hope isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this, something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me.


I'm Ashlyn Harris. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Extra tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The Drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, they're Shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition and a generation of women hell bent on Shanking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Welcome to the Party. That's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


This Christmas her stocking was full. I'm not, oh geez they ain't never seen a PS five to now. Shit. I had three of them. The the big additions had the black, not the white one. The black gave extra control. It Came with Call of Duty. Damn. Right On come. I ain't get my real kids Nothing Daddy. That ain't have no soul. December Baby been doing bad. It was about that time taxes started hit time to lock in. I'm hold Don announcing my coffee. I took care of my all year. I got my ounce.


All I'm suing, I'm going Judge Mattress Show. Oh Shit, I'm gonna show Molly Tip nigga all this crying and pegging. They doing I got you income time. I said I'm right. Come here. Hey ju mattress legend. Just tell people I could smell a crack on, crack on he, he told that man I can smell the crack on you bro. He said you did it one time. I know you did. You said okay one time. He said I told you I look, I see the look. I can smell the crack On you real man. Oh shit, boy. Look at my, anytime we have an episode like this mic is outta pocket. Look I like this kind of shit though. This shit ain't scripted. Oh no, No, no. It's all fun man.


You know people really be on a podcast writing everything down trying to get this kind of shit. Nah, for real man. People do anything. Try to be funny. Gotta be in you baby. Yeah, that's true. You know what I'm saying? Gotta be in you Hollywood Good at that shit. Making people look funny when they ain't. So you, how's the power of Hollywood? Nah. Yeah. Yeah. You been on a, you've been on way more podcasts than I have. I only been on one other podcast I think too. And so they really got like cue cards and stuff. Man, come on bro. Damn right. You got them. Damn. So you don't even go on there feeling comfortable because you already see the play. Like I Already know what it's, but I'm gonna beat me for, You know what I'm saying, I'm gonna beat me. Damn. I didn't know that. Nah. Yeah we, what Y'all got is special bro.


Like we just the culture bro. Appreciate That bro. You know what I'm saying? They can try to emulate this shit but they can't. Yeah. What y'all got is what y'all got. Appreciate that. We just want people to come on here. We wanna come on here and celebrate our guests and then just make y'all feel at home bro. It should be about Y man. That's why you winning and gonna continue to win Y'all bro. So as you coming here, like you said I got, I got some shit I'm going through. Yeah. Aint I don't mind shining. But you should, should. You should have told that bitch on Shaha. You went up through there. Nah we, we gonna make this bigger than Shaha. Hell, My god. Shaha already left. You gotta build everything else up too. He can't be on one wing. Even though we signed to you uncle, we Can't be gone.


It's family. I'm all, how's the comedy been coming along man? Obviously You know you are a constantly professional man. We've been seeing a couple comedy tours recently man. We just like man dub is really killing shit. Like you said when you see the podcast, what goes into a lot of that for you man? We just see you go on stage and just, we know you take a crap serious. You prepare when you just killing that shit man. You growing to your love to see you grow. Pause. But like how and now since You know what I'm saying, you getting better at it now. You're on bigger situations man. It's, it, it is great bro. To, to be honest with you bro, I never really talk about it and how it hit me. But You know I'm on tour with Mike LPs so we can watch tour. Yes sir. And to be there and for him to call my name bro to bring me out to thousands of people bro it felt great. But it's also, it's like man this is what I'm supposed to do this, this is my time bro.


Like I, I love Mike ips been in the game 20, 30 years. It's time to get out the goddamn way. It's time for us youngsters to come in and take it over. And I think that's what they want. Yeah. But they be bullshitting. That's the reason why they still in and doing what they doing. Okay. I feel like I'm not worried about what you doing or what you doing. I'm only worried about what I'm doing. I'm fora bring this Bernie Mack type shit back. A lot of people don't want to hear that. They don't wanna accept that because they, it just like comparing Jordan to to to LeBron. Nobody. Nah, he comparing nobody to Jordan. Yeah nigga we not doing that. Nigga love Bernie Mack. RIP I'm coming for him. Yes I know he did that Kings of Comedy special shit. Yeah that's bullet material for me to be better than that because that's who I look at Bernie.


It's that guy. Yeah Bra. The people you can get into your soul And you good make your stomach hurt. That's my kind of comedy. Makes your stomach hurt. Yeah. I'm not no corny comic. I'm not Finn get up and say some old corny jokes that you ain't just, it's not me. I'm a, I'm a Southern, You know what I'm saying? I go through, I feel, I say I talk about it. Yeah. I don't sugarcoat it. I don't know how to tone it down for That. He was definitely a raw comic so I definitely see what you're saying. I'm that's me. I'm uncooked ground Me now that the kings of comedy, Bernie could not do that shit today. Oh yeah He could. No he couldn't. Y'all look at the council cook comedian can get away with anything. You see the shit Dave Chappelle be doing on SN f.


Yeah He be wilding. He right. He be wilding. So it's no such thing as cancel culture. Mm. You know what I'm saying? You, you can't get rid of nothing you can make bro. When it's real authentic, the people's gonna be there for you bro. That's True. Unless you won endorsements and all this and that. You But we control everything. We all the shit. Yeah we make this shit go. Yeah they come in and wanna spend money with us 'cause they trying to make money off the culture bro. Talk shit. Mack will be fine. He would be great. He al already had TV shows. Nah. Yeah He wasn't gonna do number. Elevate that shit. He Doing movies with officers 11. Shit. Is he your goat if you had a route more? My Goat is Richard Pryor. Richard Pryor. Okay. Richard Pryor.


You got Bernie Mac. So I got the Kat Williams. What he's been able to do got Mike Epps now Time legend. Yep. Yes sir. Corey Holcomb, I got a lot of people I like love and what they do 'cause they don't sugarcoat what they do. I'm not taking nothing from Kevin Hart love him what he's been able to do on the business side of it. Yeah for because people say he ain't funny. That's y'all opinion. Yeah but he's, he ize his Ability for sure. Ability to do what he's doing. That's a, that's a fact. He beat Productions and Nah all this he whole conglomerate. Yeah it's A blueprint like you were saying earlier to to to see what they doing and magnifying even more. Yeah like I don't ever step on the comedy thing because I'm gonna say you something about comics, they be scared to go behind other comics.


Oh man I don't wanna go behind him. I go behind any of them niggas so I'm confident in me. Yeah. Straight up. Yeah I know you a bad motherfucker. I am too. It's all about the people bro. People going to talk. You got your fans, I got my fans. Yes sir. When we league this goddamn damn show they gonna remember me. In Fact, I know that was a real thing though with comedy, with comics though. They feel like damn right nigga just killed that shit and then you kind of lose faith in your own self. I'm not gonna sing it happen to Chameleons bro. But you gotta keep pushing. You can't let them shit get to you some nights you ain't gonna be as good. Some nights I can go out there and kill it and people like Man you killed in my mind like nigga I fucked up five jokes. Yeah because We went to the, we went to the, we the ones Indianapolis.


Yeah we thought I thought I was gonna see you There. I wasn't on that. Yeah, you wasn't on that shitty Trust me, I I was too but shitty Bro what it is. Yeah. Yeah. And we didn't know how that shit worked. Yeah but I was telling them too like I, I love like comedy shows shit I supposed be on that one bro. Me But that motherfucker Tony Roberts bro that's a goat. Hilarious That nigga. Right bro. Bro. And I wasn't really familiar with his game and when he came out there he said if you in a wheelchair and your shoes is dirty you need your ass beat. Boy that is crazy. I was lock in after that. He killed that opened the bar. I said yeah I'm locked in from the time he got on stage to the time he left bro. I think everybody would've been okay with him closing that show For Sure.


That's a good thing about being on tour with those guys. You get to learn from you. Yeah. So 25 30 news in the game you get to learn and Yeah Because he's 60 years old. See how he tell a jokes, see how he deliver it. Yeah. How he let the crowd calm down and come back. Yeah he got it. Yeah that shit crowd. Hey Cadence Kagan with the crowd man you got some white people in there. Don't forget them out. Throw some white people jokes in there too. Yeah but be yourself because they girl for a reason yo. It's a all black show. These white people here for a reason. Yeah they like you just the way you are and I learned that. Yeah I had a couple times people at my white sh at my show like I was trying to change my jokes up a little bit like nah they they like you bubba do. That's why they here I'm change nothing straight up be you.


Once I learned that they ain't over facts that ain't over I'm gonna get on the black folks and I'll be like white folks you next. You know what I'm saying? Mexican, Mexican don't be scared me be scared of ice come ain't homes. You don tell me that. Tell Trump I ain't got no power Trump Dr. Power I Mexican man ain't that's what I'm saying. Nope, nope More my two weeks. I grass high as up. I'm calling you. He called me sitting Your sitting your hair you, your down here Mo. I got Coronas waiting on you. Nope I Ain't fucking with Doug.


Facts. I live in Texas. Yes sir. Half 'em down. They legal. I want 'em gone. I'm fora buy them zero, turn them taco trucks. I come up tea but come down there some money. I gotta buy foggy trailers right now stacking up Baby. I look my wife is Spanish. We are all Ain't nothing wrong. She legal go illegal. It's from black and legal Nigeria. No big heavy foot sound. The motherfucker got to go. They holler at your old lady in front of you lie they holler at your girl in front of you. Hey hey you ain't lying. One Them six, eight nigga holler at my girl when got in the car me and Y come ain't bullshit. Come on ain gonna watch me get mild like I can't stand.


I ain't gonna lie. I can't stand What Gonna do the six. Amen. I can't do nothing. I ain't have my firearm on you. Shit. I'm gonna sit there. I'm hurt. I got abdominal, I'm on the string. Hey bro he's Teague. I was quiet until we got back in the car. Oh I beat hell disrespect me like that again. Yeah I'm quiet When he was go when I got car I Bad. He's so quick. I ain't fucking with dub that shit like that's why he's a goat bro. That saved my wife's face. She said what? It's real. It's real bro. You good at what you do bro. It's real bro. That's a fact bro. Because I lock my Mexican friend like bro. Bro we ain't all I know that bro.


I'm not talking to y'all. Y'all know what I'm talking about. The one that went and voted for him. Yeah and y'all, y'all crying. Yeah y'all I don't wanna hear that. We know what Trump is. We know don't cry now. Yeah I been telling y'all the storm is coming. Y'all didn't like my own dad. I love him to death. He hate Trump And I told him that's why that's why you in the position you in now. That mind frame gotta grow man. Yeah I don't care who in the office. I ain't gonna let them control what I do. You Fed that up there. There's a lot of money out here to get Trump in the office. Take advantage if you can. If you can take advantage, take advantage. The money gonna flow. Yeah I already call my ho and let 'em know. That's what Mike Said. He said what you getting last month? 1500. I'm gonna give you three.


I'm gonna give you 3000 inflation trick. Oh God I gotta be trick ain't stop. You can't be out here drinking what you can't. You gotta put yourself on no budget bro. Man what 50 say I'm gonna die spending this shit And have my Baby buy me baby. Yep. Be right in jail. You Want some more kids? Yeah I want more kids man. Shit I can for 'em now there. It's more than just four kids. You gotta be there for 'em most. There we go. I don't like nobody who got a lot of kids but I feel like you can't be there for 'em all and give 'em that kind of love that they would need bro.


Yeah. So I got two girls. Yes I want another child but I ain't just sitting around making 'em with anybody. But if I want have a child with anybody it'll be with Brittany. Renold come you. I ain't got PJ Washington the money but come on Renter, renter grinder are too close to each other. Nah, I get grinder too. Come here. Nah you Outta pocket. I give my ch my son. If I have a son he'd be tall. You what? You won play basketball, football? Yeah. You better hope. Hope It have her skill but my knowledge he gonna be coldblooded cold man. Hope he like sports. We ain't passing the ball like gi a ring of son. He cold. He ain't passing iib. That nigga ain't passing his laws ain't passing that damn ball and y'all know it. He can't got nobody to pass. No it don't. No don't. He just had 63.


Elijah Called. Ain't like that though. If I'm a, if I'm a father and my son on team me give about you being no NBA number. Ain't no, ain't no talking bro. You Don, you talking pass. If you not at least a D two player bro. I'm not giving you the ball bro. You gonna give It to me And I'm passing it to you just to get that motherfucker back. He Cold but bro, fam ain't passing, nigga doing between the legs, Nigga ain't Bro. He's trying shit. I'm lying working on this game bro. No we ain't Fa I said he score on a triple team one time I was crying. He cold though. He he cold though. He knew that on a regular. He he But What you was doing that in high school too, too? I wasn't doing what he was doing. He wasn't getting triple team and shit like that. Nah, nah, wasn't bro did his thing.


We ain't, we not fucked up about that but Six after my height. Nah it is different bro. He really got legit Steel. Nah, I know he got legit skill but he ain't passing bro. Y'all watch the tape I'm Watching. Nah, he don't pass but he, I'm watch it. He Got D in him. I love it. I love it. He different though. But that's why he went to that school though. He purposely set, he gonna Be a monster college NBA. He gonna be a monster bro. Yeah. I love to see appreciate because I feel like Gilbert car got cut short. You know I good Lord messing through the kids, You know what I'm saying? That's Real. He blessed him for sure. His Dollar's cold Too. Yeah, Louisville. Yeah, I like that. He don't really force it though, yo. Like he let them be great. Like he work with 'em but he don't really talk about his kids.


Nah, he, you, him, that's dope. He don't really like brag about him or nothing. Be excited for him because that was the most he did when he had him, when he won the McDonald's All America thing. Yeah. That was the most he ever done for, because it was me. I'd be wilding my son better than him. Him, him, I'd be ods bar what I'd be ODing. But I look to see black men in their kids' lives, man. Yeah. And thriving. Yeah. Nothing negative. So how you feel about LeVar Ball? I love LeVar Ball. What he's been able to do? He took nothing to something. Yeah bro. Jello finally what he needed to be rapping, doing What he supposed to do. How you like Jello music? You fucking with it? Yeah, I fuck with it. I mean anybody doing anything bro. That's positive bro.


I, I rock with it man. I love to see him getting his money. He ain't got hit up little bro. A big bro for no money no more. Yeah. Okay with carrying that new so Nah bro. Family at though. It's yeah, It's love when everybody got it though. Yeah, yeah. Nah, I ain't got go in my pocket and pay for the meal no more. They doing it. Yeah. Yeah. Yoo good. I love to see It. Yoo about the performer night too. It's lit. Yo. That's our weekend. Turn him Up. Who would've known man? It was in the DA or Boy expecting DNB in all kind of ways, bro. That is crazy Legend Lonzo. You know he, he had his injuries but he, he cold too. Take Nothing. Just read up too. Lalo Lalo, come on. He, he a superstar.


Yeah, I mean Then you got your other son's a rap star, Ja Boy Trio. I told y'all different. That's a different So what you right now, who rapping right now for you? For me, jello, bro. He he still here. How long he gonna be in the game? Be honest. He, he got that he got a new record. How long he gonna be in the game? How long it gonna last? He can last as long as he want to bro. You think so? Because he got the marketing. Okay. His daddy and them got the blueprint. My little brother lit. I put something they put in the locker room. It's up bro. When he dropped that baby please. Non generation? Yeah. Yeah bro. He got the kids and they still got the kids bro. My brother got 'em so he's straight.


If he keep making good music like he is though, he gotta stay into that. Stay within that old school rap like the early two thousands. Yeah. Fuck them type that type of production. Yeah, Excel. Hey I Feel about Drake new album. It's for the everybody. It's not, I don't think that was like a Kendrick Lamar response neither. Yeah it was more like a, You know, this is for the ladies, for my rap niggas that wanna hear some shit this for you. Like this is for nigga, he got a Spanish song on there. It's just all around. I wouldn't say Cold album. It just ain't for me though. You know what's the, the frustrating part about it And shout out to Part Next Door. I wish that was Future. A lot of 'em songs instead of him because if you hear some of 'em songs, but like Pluto on this.


Oh this different. Yeah, but it just, it wasn't time. But the relationships to a lot of people is Rocky right now. So. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that album was cool. It wasn't my favorite Drake album. Nah, it was just, it was, it was good music. Yeah, that's what Im saying. Like if you, if you out town, I mean across the water with your girl overseas or something, you can cut on a few of records. I'm Overseas. Yeah. That's a couple of them songs are for that. Drake make do Drake like he carried us for 17 years. Don't do that man. Don't do Drake like Nah, I'm saying though, he make music for when you on vacation bro. You talking about to fly shit with the short air. Yeah, like when you chill, when gonna make that shit platinum regardless. So he ain't got number one, I mean is a good album. It's Drake still. Yeah, we, we can't get it fucked up. I like, I always been a Drake fan when he rap.


I never, so that's what I'm saying. I never was a singing Drake guy. Like he, I think he still made good songs but when he rap, even like when he did the battles, I thought his raps was fire in the battles. It was? Yes. Oh it were gets hit and with some def flows bro. That's all It was. Yeah, but it was still good. Like yeah, what He did was great. Yes. Drake. Drake shit was fire but Kendrick just kept going like Drake stopped like all right I'm done. Kendrick was like nah I got some more. This shit ain't over for me. You gonna follow through. Yeah so but the new album I I play it. I in the black culture people still gonna put Kendrick above Drake right now I play too on my way to my golf match, You know what I'm saying? See what I'm saying as hell.


Hell what your There ain't no jab because I'm playing it. It's a jab If I don't listen to it. Nah, but why you playing to the golf match? Why don't you play it like I don't know to what in the club? I don't club Or at the family reunion I'm banned. Well we get out here. Why are you banned from the family reunion Guys? I took this white girl to the family reunion and You know, You know You know I'm somebody now You know and she's somebody and my family ain't used to that. They were coming around. I get back, get back, God get back y'all ass back. God run all, all that bullshit. Y'all got germs gotta keep your white girl held. Shit. And my family, my family shot I chain when I got that white girl You was treating her like Taylor Swift.


I ain't had to trip with the white girl. She got my credit game on Point. I got a pool now I got a poodle killer. Oh yeah. I ain't got no Frenches. Les Black one French 20,000 a puppy right now. So Up. So all the black dumb niggas got Frenchs, Man, nigga, nigga that's all black people got now. Frenchs and them niggas ain't eating real food. The dog food. Them dog eating left though. You ever seen a dog eating macaroni cheese? That dog shit for 75 minutes straight. I'm with white girl now dog Ain. They left the pit Bulls alone.


Pit bulls don't exist no more. Like bitch stopped that shit. They hanging on Big nigga they want Pit Bulls ERs German. I ain't seen the since 2005. Swear ain. You know look out man. I'm serious. It's family man. We gotta have you back man. You know how we get down over here man. Shout out to Michelin this appreciate y'all hosting us this weekend, man. Bubba do we The ones tour, make sure you pull up and support. My God man, he's everywhere. Content going crazy. We'll be back next time. Club five 20, The Volume.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the king of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock Drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday. Keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPT Tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour Winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And We've got a podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart win sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole. Swindell. Sam Hut. Megan Maroney. Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.