
Man, listen, traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staring the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah, traveling sometimes when they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, spots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier For sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified. Ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man. It was perfect. Out to Airbnb, how you feel about the tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello. Hello. Malcolm Gladwell. Here. I want to tell you about a new series we're launching at Pushkin Industries on the 1936 Olympic Games, aol, Hitler's games, fascism, antisemitism, racism, high Olympic ideals, CRA in self-interest, naked ambition, illusion, delusion, all collide in the long, contentious lead up to the most controversial Olympics in history. The Germans put on a propaganda show and America went along with all of it. Why? Listen to this season of revisionist history on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Welcome To In Case you missed it, with Christina Williams, the podcast that's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to breaking news, I bring you the highlights, analysis and expert insights you need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlight. Listen to in case you missed it, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. And remember, in case you missed it, don't worry. I've got you covered.


Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st T-Mobile Arena. Here in Las Vegas Stream live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab to Cat Dua Lippa, Gwen Stefani Halsey Hozier Sheath. Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows Thomas Red Victoria Monet in more. Buy tickets now with axs.com, the Volume.


Alright, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. We on the road for a special guest. We gotta be in the special place man. We pulled up to Phoenix one time for the camp. Long away the episode man. They been asking about, I'm happy we could deliver but to my far left we got my dog Bishop B he out the p release. How you what? Nasty cool And nasty. Let's get to it baby. Damn. I gotta tell you man. He got a uniform so you done get him outta uniform and your shoes. That's a big deal. Nah, I fuck with Adidas. You know what I mean? Three strips forever. We had to make sure he was straight Man. Yeah man. He got the la he changed the laces in there. Oh yeah. I freaked him out. I made them me for sure. That your flavor on it For sure. To my right. My dog Young Nacho young te how you what man? Chilling man.


I'm hyped. We got one of the special players in the building. Top 75 person. I'm a huge fan of. I'm really shitty. I ain't get that color wave but I'll make it wear, you know what I'm saying? You a Big three player. This league. You shit up here bro. Hey I was gonna say man we talk about this good to see you back in the, in the three stripes man. I mean I gotta work something now with JR. I'm about to go on my little ran like bassy. Shout out to the guy man. I JR. Needs to JR Jr. We love you. We love you, we love you gang. But til my left man, we got a special, special guest man. One the coaches to touch a basketball like my bro said top 75 and he get busy off the court. You know what I'm saying?


Music going crazy. And, if you do too much, you know what I'm saying? The hands is legit too. We got one Dakotas to ever do it. Dame Dollar Damien Lilly appreciate you sliding on this big dog. For sure bro. Appreciate y'all having me. Yeah, for sure. Long time coming man. People been asking for this episode, you know what I'm saying? Trying to make Epic Allstar but know the weather was too fucking crazy. Yeah but we got straight to it man. But listen, we gotta start with the origins with you man because yo yo yo, your history bro. Yo, your career is so crazy. Be here. We gotta talk about the high school days, you know what I'm saying? Yeah man. I wanted to tap in with you was your, let's go back all the way to Au Was you rocking with the guys or did you just, you know, link up with some guys that was already nice in the city with the Rebels? Nah, I shit that was like my childhood neighborhood type program.


Yeah. Okay. Like I started with 'em in elementary school and shit. Them was like my first real friends. Yeah. Outside of my cousins and my family. So shit it was once I start getting nice then like the soldiers and all those other, you know, NorCal Elite, we had a couple other like programs that was sponsored, you know they was getting all the shoes. Yeah. But then I was like, like these my people, you know what I'm Saying? Nah, that's hard bro. I stayed with the team shit we was in the lower level tournaments. Then we got older, we started getting into the other ones 'cause we was like way better but okay, that was it. I stayed with the, the local program.


Nah. Yeah y'all, you and him got a similar story. He rocked with his guys too. That's why I wanted to ask you about that. I did that. But yeah, I switched my senior year. I couldn't rock out with the guys like that bro. I wasn't getting no offers because I was like I figured this out. Same bro. Same. Nah, we had the same team. We just went to one of those sponsor teams. That's all it was. Yeah. I ain't have, we didn't, I ain't get no offers till the very last summer. That's me. Yeah, that's how it was. Yeah. To see your senior year last jumped down. That's Who was your first one? Weber State. Oh okay. Damn. Yeah, that was my first offer. I remember we had, we played against this dude that was from Texas. I don't even remember his name. But it was a 9:00 AM game.


We get there, it was empty. We was, there was literally our team day team. There was another game next to us and there was one coach there that was a coach from Weaver but he was there to see me and the other dude. Oh damn. Okay. And After that game, shit they just offered me right after the game. Killed Buddy. Yeah, Denver took his spot. That was his or story right there. It was over fast too. I seen one coach, that was the first time a coach ever came to our game too. So I was like that's crazy. Damn. Damn. See I was just playing in front of aunties, uncles. Not even that for real. Nobody. If we was in Oakland, everybody came. But on the road we was, it was just us. Damn. That's tough. Damn, that's crazy. So for you to go to that no one say head until your senior year should start going crazy for you, obviously you already made that decision.


You was rocking with Weber State 'cause that showed interesting you early. How was it going to your like getting to college after that crazy high school career? I mean when I got there it was, it was cool. Like everybody was cool. They was just telling me like man you gotta earn your spot. And I remember thinking like man, like I'm the best player they done had come here in a minute and they like, you know you missed class, we sending you home. It was just hella damn they just ran a tight ship. You know what I'm saying? It was first day I got there in the summer. It was conditioning, we running stadiums, all this crazy shit. And I remember thinking to myself like shit I don't think I'm really cut for this. Like this crazy Like I remember dying after conditioning and thinking like I really don't know if this shit is gonna work out 'cause this crazy if this what it take.


So I got through the first day we started playing pickup. I couldn't score like everybody was stronger faster. I couldn't get nothing done. So that was kind of when the, the transition for me started where I was like all right I gotta, I gotta answer the call. Like this shit harder than I thought it was gonna be. And then from there it was, that was it. You know what I'm saying? I came off the bench like the first four or five games and then I got into the starting lineup. They had me at the two and then the, the guy who was starting at the one, he actually here at camp, he was like 5, 6, 5 7. But he was just a straight score and then they sw they switched us.


They made me to point guard and him the two. 'cause I was more like a playmaker scorer distributor and he was just getting buckets. And when they switched us that's when that's when shit changed. That's crazy. It sound like you, you talking about getting recruited, you know what I'm saying? They tell you hey you the best you. We can't wait till you get here and you get there and be like hey you ain't really shit, you got all your spot. Nah for real. Yeah, nah for real. Me and him got a very similar story 'cause that's how I was at Wake Forest. I didn't start my first five six games we had Ish Smith. Yeah. So Ish was starting at the point and then I came in playing a two and like you said it kind of switched even though it was, I was a more of a scorer than ish. But he broke his foot. That's how I got a chance to play point. But I was just thinking, I'm like shit, you was a pass first.


Shit I know you for buckets 'cause the first time I seen you when you was at Weber State, it was my guy Lou. I'll never forget. I think it might have be your junior year. 'cause yo, my brother was a senior in high school I think. And he was like, Hey is this dude at Weber State that's nasty. And I was like, he nasty. He was like man, he remind me of like step and them at Da Davison and I'm like ah this nigga gassing now. Like I ain't, I ain't going for all that. Then he was like no you gotta watch him. So he the game came on, y'all came on late as hell. We watched it and you were shooting Fadeaways. I'm like buddy got the green, he Wildling like he Whiling. Yeah And then but you had bounce. I'm like he was like bro he gonna go top five. I was like, we state. He like yeah.


I was like they ain't play nobody. He was liket you tripping bro. Watch what he doing. And then the next year my brother was in the draft and I'll never forget, I was like hey you gotta go against this dude named Dame. You gotta get a workout with him. That nigga looked at me and said I ain't about to Workout against him. I said why? He was like, man he called, he gonna top five. He working around against him. I was like he gonna top Five. He is like, yeah he like that. He said Yeah I seen you at Adidas Nations. I think yeah That's, and he was bro that's, that's the funniest story. 'cause when I, nobody knew who I was at Adidas Nations. Yeah he was Telling me that. But I seen like all of them obviously I knew who all them niggas was. Yeah. But when I got there everybody was like just staring at me like who is like, 'cause they all knew each other.


Yeah, I was the only person nobody knew. So I remember one day I see them all like on the baseline like in the group and they all talking and they just kind of like looking at me. So I'm just kind of staring back like man this is one of them moments. I gotta stand my ground. Like they all friends like I don't know if they think I'm a sucker or something. Like so they all had a little talk or whatever And then Will Barton walked over there like, hey like you D Row's cousin. Like they thought I got in camp because I was d Rowe's cousin. I'm like nah, I go to Weber. They like oh okay. I'm like so the whole time I'm thinking they talking shit or something. They thinking I'm in camp 'cause I'm d Rowe's cousin. Like that's how they thought I got in camp.


That's crazy. My brother told me that. He was like bro he was so cold. He was like nah he cold. And then you went, nah, I played you my rookie. I'll never forget 'cause now I always had this thing about rookies. I'm like if I can kill him the first time he gonna, it's gonna be in his head a little bit when we play him. And I seen you watch you sit there, you and dv, y'all sit there before the game and like watch people warm up. I'm like, oh why you watching me? Like what you on? Like I'm like, I'm about to get in his head. So I start warming up apart. Y'all know I ain't gonna warm up apart start warming apart shooting like yeah he wasn't paying me no. He was like, I'm joking. I was like, you know what, I'm going out here on first place. That's how I'm telling people like, hey we gonna see if you can hoop.


I'm like damn this nigga called. He gave me with that Kyrie moment. You remember when I called you about Kyrie? I called my brother. I said hey the dude dang man he gonna be raw Boo said duh. What? Yeah he about to be the one. Then after that it was over with. I was like yeah it is over with. He the one. Yeah. That's crazy man. That's, it is crazy for you to say that 'cause I'm thinking the same thing against you. Like I remember like shit you Darren Collison, it was people that they never was talking about like that that I'm like these the, these the matchups that be the hard matchups fast getting to the rim, you got the ball. So it's like, it's crazy for me to hear you say that.


When we coming into the game and they like, you know Jeff t you know he fast, he can shoot, he gonna be coming off and transition. You gotta stand. I'm like damn. Like it's gonna be a tough one. Go drag. It was the same thing like you had them matchups where it was like them the ones people ain't talking about, they gonna tell you about CP and Darren Williams. But it's them nights where you show up and it's like bro it's a, it's a, it is a tough matchup. I got a question man. Why the hell did you wear zero? Oh don't do that. I'm from Oakland. Respect. My college was in Ogden, Utah and then I got drafted in Oregon.


Oh okay. I was just Why you thought I can move on? I don't know Drew good one. I was just making sure you didn't have no story like him. They go, nigga Wants to be named after. I mean where is number? 'cause of Drew, they had a Mohawk. This shit together in the league. I was just asking yo From Drew Good. Nah it was Gilbert Arenas bro. Gilbert was my favorite player Ass. Dig y'all Ball. I Used to play with Drew Goodin on March. Man, hey man, this I could boo ball man. All get to the interview man. I just had to ask. That's so wrong with help man. Don't listen to help Drew. That's crazy. They gonna put the side by side up but that shit is gonna go this hell Louis if you do that bro, I'll quit. Did you come into the league comfortable though, ready to go? Or it took you a while though?


No, I came in, I say I was comfortable but I had like, I remember during the summer after I got drafted I was like my trainer was training DeMar. He was at camp today. He was over there about The Debo. Oh yeah, yeah. I saw him And he started taking me to LA with him. So I was playing, I was working out playing ones with Corey, Ty, Matt Barnes, Deebo like Oh okay. I was going against Big Wings and they was all athletic and they was all younger at that time. So when I start going to LA playing against them and they was like backing up off me and I'm winning spots and ones 'cause I'm just hitting jumpers. They letting me shoot.


Then they see I could shoot. They was pressing up into me. I was able to get around them. Yeah. Like just those like couple weeks that I was able to go out there and get with them. That was when I was like, all right, like I'm gonna be straight. Oh yeah I got the summer league and summer league was kind of easy. Like it wasn't really a lot of dudes that's actually in the league out there. And then my first preseason game was against Kobe, Steve Nash, all of them. So like I got broke in quick. Yeah, he was In the fire early then. Okay. Yeah. That's dope. And that's crazy. Like you said even, you know what I'm saying, what you had to go through a Weber being the number one option legislator that kind of prepares you to go and be ready for the, for the like to be a franchise player. A lot of times you go to schools you gotta shit.


The ball lied and then when you thrown in that situation, you gotta figure it out. Shit, you had already been thrown in the fire. Yeah. And I can imagine playing pickup with Cory Mcg and Matt Barnes. You would get no foul cough. Nah, they was, they was big and they was physical so it was like shit. Shit. They wasn't calling no fouls. It really was no fouls. So it was, and I couldn't come in there calling fouls. They wasn't gonna respect it. So it was, that shit was definitely, it was definitely good for me for sure. Did Kobe Play in that first game? Yeah, he did. How Was that Shit the first five minutes I was just staring at him like, oh God, Like that's him for real. Know what I'm, that's a real person. Yeah. Like that's Kobe. But he, he wasn't paying me no mind. You know what I'm saying? So when I got on the court I'm thinking, you know, he gonna be like Welcome to the league.


You know, something like that. He ain't say shit. Just so that kind of like put me back into being a competitor 'cause it was like you naturally gonna take it a little personal even if you feel like that's Kobe or that's Brian or whoever. I was like damn he ain't say nothing. So I'm like shit it is. It's either me waiting to to be a fan or I gotta do what I gotta do. It kind of, it flipped back to that, you know, after that couple minutes


New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics. But it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast Presented by the all new Toyota Camry. Whatever your vibe, it's a Camry vibe.


Hello from Wonder Media Network. I'm Jenny Kaplan, host of ika. A daily podcast that introduces you to the fascinating lives of women. History has forgotten. This month we're bringing you the stories of athletes. There's the Italian race car driver who courted danger and became the first woman to compete in Formula One. The sprinter who set a world record and protested racism and discrimination in the US and around the world. In the 1960s, the diver who was barred from swimming clubs due to her race and went on to become the first Asian American woman to win an Olympic medal, she won gold twice. The mountaineer known in the Chinese press as the tallest woman in the world and the ancient Greek charioteer who exploited a loophole to become the first ever woman to compete at the Olympic Games. Listen to Ika on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and any struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


Miss the latest in women's basketball, don't sweat it. I've got you covered. Welcome to In Case You Missed It, with Christina Williams, the podcast that's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to breaking news, I bring you the highlights, analysis and expert insights. You need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlight, it's time to blaze our own path and embrace new voices from the WNBA. Get ready for Asia Wilson and the Las Vegas ACEs on a mission for a historic three-peat Plus the anticipation is building as Kaitlyn Clark and the talented 2024 rookie class bring a fresh wave of excitement to the league. And in the world of women's college hoops, the Gamecocks Reign Supreme Don Staley's squad is unstoppable. But will they stay on top? Listen to, in case you missed it on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


I think it's dope that you got handed the ball as soon as you got in the league. Yeah. Like I wanted to ask you. No, you know how it goes. So like if you didn't, how you think your career would've went? Like if you would've had to sit and think about it. Like that was the worst part of me. I had played, we about to interview bivy one of these days, but I had to sit behind Bivy. Yeah. And I used to just wait and wait and wait and I You kind of lose your confidence a little bit 'cause you like there ain't no way I'm this sad. Yeah. But like I'm glad they didn't do that to you. I'm glad you got hit the ball because like you said, you a top 75 player. One of the greatest to do it. Like what you did you want that moment like to learn or was you like like being thrown in the fire? I mean I think shit a lot of people career be dependent on that.


Like it's a lot of dudes that if they come in and they get the bar right away, they coulda ain't no telling what they coulda did. Yeah. That that changed people careers. But when I got there it was like coming from a small school, I was always telling myself like shit, I might be in the G league, I might be on the bench. I ain't, ain't no telling. But I think once I got there and they was like, you know he can shoot. He ain't scared. He playing with you know LaMarcus Aldridge, we was able to play off each other. They was just like, they let me go. And I think just like how I was able to get along with vets so fast, like I played with Jerry Jeffries and Ronnie Price. So once I was able to earn they respect and I was able to be on the court with them, that's when our coach was just kind of like, you know, he just let me learn.


He just let me go. And I think that was a big part of it is like you said, being at Weber for four years, I was an extension of the coach. So I knew how to, I knew how to like get my my words off through the team, you know what I'm saying? I knew how to lead a team, I knew how to do the right thing. I knew what it took, you know what I'm saying? To like be the guy but also like not make it all about me where everybody feel like they part of it. So coming in and playing with Baton And, we Matthews and LA and Robin Lopez, all them dudes, it was like I knew how to be there and be the point guard they needed. But I knew how to not get in they way too and stop them from being able to la get his 24 attempts and yeah platoon handling the ball sometimes And we getting post ups.


Like I was aware of that 'cause of my experience and being in school for four years. So ain't no telling how it would've went bro. I think I would've, I would've been straight regardless. But I think them giving me the ball right away to play is what kind of, let me just jump out there and get on the track that I, that I been on. Yeah. Facts. I was, I wasn't ready. You ready? Nah, I was in Atlanta. I turned, I, I went to the perfect environment too. Like going to Portland. That shit was right by Oakland. Family could come like some of my family moved up there. It was like quiet. It was a perfect environment. Did you get a mohawk when you got to the league or did you wait He on that Mohawk? Nah, nah, nah.


But how was it playing with LA Man we be, we high on LA one of the more Underwriter players. Yeah man LA Was like did that make the shit easier for you on the court? It made it way easier. Yeah because I mean teams was really paying attention to him. So like being in the pick and roll with him, like he popping, he making every jumper, I'm throwing it to him on the block they going to get him. I'm standing there by myself like coming off picking rows his man trying to get back to him. So I'm getting like my rookie year, I, I started every game with an elbow pull up jumper off of pick and roll. Like I literally 1, 2, 3 dribbles to the elbow pull up every time. Yeah because they trying to get back to him then shit, once they saw I could make it, I still was getting pull up three off the pick and roll damn near every time.


So like playing with him, I was like, one thing I think about in my career is like if he would've never went to San Antonio, we would've won at least once already. Because he feel that bro. Because I would've came into my own. But he was that good Facts. Like he was that good. It Was facts and platoon motherfucker sleep on platoon. Platoon was nice bro. Bro We just seen Dick kill his last postseason bro. He just killed this last postseason. He was young. He was, he Was, I hated playing him. I used to do this little flare, this little wheel. You know we do it at Pike. I took y'all playing in my high school game way. Yeah. That's our, that's our, that's our offense. I used to, I used to hate guarding so much.


I was like it's no way you can't use this. It is terrible. Y'all doing all these flares and when you was guarding him and especially when CJ started playing well it was, it was super effective with Wes and Platoon. Yeah But when CJ started playing y'all had the handle and stuff, I'm like aw they getting filthy out here now. Yeah We was using it. They running pick and roll not to run it off that. I was like, he getting filthy now. So yeah, that offense was crazy but playing them, you knew you was about to get, you played in Portland, you was getting beat. We knew from the east coast scene. We was like yeah we gonna take a hell in Portland. It's cool though. It is hard to win there especially when you travel us. That crowd crazy. Yeah they be locked in Her. Y'all in Sacramento got one of the two of the toughest crowds in the NBA Show that didn't used to be like that.


That just got like that over the last couple years was like that with Biy and them way back. It die down, didn't die down for a while And then the last I'll say two, three years, it got crazy again. Yeah. Yeah. Shit. Speaking of that, I gotta ask, what's the most hostile game you've been in? Like as far as like Environment? Like location wise man I'd say because you done been into some battles. I'd say either at Golden State or at OKC. Mm Like when they was nice, nice like at OKC but Golden State just tough 'cause like playing them in the playoffs. You like we played them I think my fifth year or maybe it was my fourth year.


It was my fourth year. We played them in the second round. We beat the Clippers, we played Golden State And. we was up double digits every game. And I'm like man we like, we lost four to one but we coulda beat them four to one but we'd be up nine and it'll be five minutes left in the third quarter. We go into the fourth quarter down eight and it's like it happened fast too. It's like they hit one three, you hear the crowd, you see everybody stand up and somebody taking the ball out and you just looking around like damn it feel like we down 20. Damn. They come back hit another one. It's like you could just see the game. Just that that's the only crowd I played against at Oracle.


Or like we could be winning and it felt like the game was like slipping away. Damn. Like that's how crazy it was in there. Like Steph hit a three, clay hit a three like time out like that walk back to the bench was like devastating. Damn. Like Devastating roll. Think that toughest match up though. Golden State With Steph. You and Steph one-on-one. I mean Steph he just, he just constantly moving. Yeah you just can't lose track of Steph. Like he, he definitely one of the toughest. I think just one-on-one. I'd say like Kyrie tough match up bro. For sure. Kyrie just a tough 'cause you can guard him perfect.


He'll still make it. Yeah. Either hand bumping him like fat like it like he just, and he he'll do it when it don't look like it's hard too. Yeah. Somebody do it and it feel like they just did it smooth and it's all net. You be like damn like that can turn into him making every shot. Nah For sure. It's crazy. He spoke on Kyrie early rookie Very early at one point in my career I guarded Kyrie more than anybody in the NBA. Yeah Y'all played a lot Get killed Eric Tyler. That's A real Stat. No it was bro. That dude when I was in Milwaukee about last year, they was like, hey when we was playing Brooklyn they was like you can guard him, you guard him the most of anybody in his career. I was like motherfucker Put that bat in his van And.


we got swept every year. Like I'm Guessing they was trying to get you to believe. Yeah they was trying tell I like nah I was already done. I don't believe that shit Drew gonna stay on him. Don't worry About that. He got hurt. Huh? He didn't get hurt. Who Kyrie y'all played Brooklyn? Yeah, he twisted his ankle but I wasn't getting it anyway. But I was gonna say you had battles for sure. Yeah but my favorite battle between you and the guards. I used to watch all y'all games but you and Westbrook got together. Yeah. I was like ah yeah this, this must see tv. Yeah y'all what's happening? Y'all both tough minded guards. Y'all both going to talk. Y'all both pop y'all shit, you don't really talk. Like if somebody say something to you then you'll go back. Yeah but him, he don't give a fuck.


He He starting it. He Starting every time. I remember one time he did that to me. I like bro, I don't care. And he was like, that's the problem that the, that's the dude. Alright. I was like that's the problem. Made you think again be right. It is a Problem. I about to trip you. Nah nah. But what's those battles like? I mean those honestly them was the most fun like with Russ 'cause it was like my first five, six years. Like he was the bully. Like I, they was on TV all the time and Russ, it didn't matter if it was like a, a big matchup.


If somebody was hurting, he was playing against the backup. He didn't care. He tried to do it to everybody. And I just remember when, when I was like rookie second year, it was like he used to try to give me 50 every time. Like it was like he would be shooting on me so much that like KD would be getting mad, like pass the ball like he's shooting every time. And once I realized that it was like that. Yeah that's when I started taking it personally. I'm like this like I know he always on go against everybody but he really trying to like come get me and that was like when it, it became personal. So I, I start going back and then I started having the ball more once like, you know, we did our rebuild.


Yeah. I started having it more and you know he, he noticed that I was having it more so I was being more aggressive back at him. And then that's when it had turned into like talking, you know he, I been busting your ass for years and I'd be like, yeah well like it's a, it is a new time. Like so when we started having that conversation It it just turned into every game. It was automatic. Like I came to the arena knowing like it's on tonight. Yeah. Like something happening that's fire. Damn. I thought y'all had real like beef for real. 'cause it just seems so tense to know it just coming from him just on BS just trying to get off On you. Nah, he just play like saying play like that dude Rus is cool.


Yeah for sure Off the court. We cool like but on the court I, it was just like he took that approach and like ain't nobody punking me. I don't care who you is. Did that help turn you up though? It did for sure. Yeah. Damn you ain't see the playoffs? Yeah, I mean I just, You got back to blood For sure. For sure Because Pat BBB said he was the bully of the NBA so I didn't know. Oh here you go. Oh he always crazy. It's always you stop My man continue. Oh my god Fault. Okay. Y don't wanna ruin it. Oh man. Oh man. Oh shit. I'm weak.


You fried man. It so rolly man. I gotta ask, I'm always gonna ask you this question. What's your favorite game winner between the one in Portland, you know what I'm saying? Coming off the curl, knocking it down or the bad shot quote unquote That the bad shot one. That's, that's my favorite one for Sure. I I know that was a personal accomplishment for you obviously winning the series, but do you know what you did to the internet with that shot? Bro you fucked everything up with that shot. That was probably one of the hardest edits. The father stretched my hands to that shot is one of the hardest basketball edits of all time bro. Yeah, that That, that was a moment for sure. Yeah And you and you definitely when It happened. I ain't even think about it like that until, you know after the game you do media. Yeah all the shower, you do all that stuff and then like you finally get to your phone.


Like I look at my phone right after. But then when you go into that whole post-game process, it's like a little minute in the playoffs for you get to your phone and I just remember after that I was in a sprinter, I was on my way back home and I was just sitting there on my phone and I was like there was so much shit that happened that I ain't even remember it happening. Like I looked up into the camera. I ain't even remember that moment. Crazy picture. Crazy, crazy, crazy. It was just that whole shit was, it was a blur until I saw it. I was like damn this You Remember waving though? Yeah. Yeah. I already know because I Was like I remember that Like I remember you waved, I don't know if it was your brother or something Like that.


That was my brother was Sitting right there. Yeah he came I said oh they turned, I said ooh. But that's how you know when it be personal. Yeah because you got a brother. So you know when like just like I know like what type of, when I come into the game I'm playing against Russ or whatever. Like you see Russ brother sitting courtside too. Like everybody who got a brother, you know like when you go home or when you step away, your brother is the one that's in your head like man that nigga he got you fucked. He got You fucked up. No ever. You know what I'm saying? Like it is that type of conversation. So it's that type of investment. So when it happened like that he was like shit he made the shot. Yeah That's what it's like. You knew you was gonna take that shot though.


Keep in the vein bro. I knew after about like when the clock got like I remember I was about to call for a switch to get PG off me. Gotcha. I was calling for another defender but then he was a little bit like back a little bit so I kind of waved him off like and right when I waved him off I was like I'm shooting this shit right here. Damn. You know how far you was bro bro. That's what I'm saying bro. You shot that bitch from Yoder bro. What's crazy is my trainer field, the one that's running the camp, he came to OKC like after, I think it was like after game three he came to OKC. We was in the arena shooting and that whole series we was shooting that night and I was just shooting a bunch of deep threes and he was like, you going to like you gotta make these like you gonna, you gonna keep making these and the whole series I was just hitting deep three after deep three.


So when it got to that end of the game, like I just remember like CJ was like to my right and I could just see his arm like telling me like go like Yeah It's time to go but I already knew in my head like he stay right there like I'm shooting this shit right here. You Goed for that a hundred percent And it was a Tide game. So I'm like if I miss we going, We going Overtime. Yeah, Yeah. Fuck it. Yeah that's crazy. And that shot got brought Rich again 'cause we was watching Step S and that shot that he hit in that gold medal game was just like That was crazy. That's Just some different shit like y'all just give it like that. And a lot of people talk about obviously we know stuffed goat like you bro one of the best shooters of all time that don't get enough credit on that 'cause you really go crazy like we used, we was looking at the highlights, Don't Talk about it.


They don't talk about it enough bro. Nah that's he number two. Him and Clay he battle for number two because I feel like they don't talk about it. I feel like you could shoot off the dribble better though. Yeah I mean Clay I ain't gonna lie 'cause he 60 on us ball. I got a different view like nigga ptsd. Yeah I got ptsd. TS D from Clay but way you can shoot off the dribble though. I put that in like you and step in a different real with that shit. Yeah that's harder to do. It's a harder shot. They more contested. Yeah people guard you harder, you know what I'm saying? Like it is, it is different bro. Hell yeah bro. They definitely don't, they definitely don't talk about it. They act like I don't be doing what I've been doing. Like this will be my 13th season.


You been going crazy for a long, a Long time Still. Nah you been cold crazy. It been a, that's what we wanna see. Go crazy because I Too, it's been a long time bro. For real like I'm just saying it is like my time in the league when you, when I think about like how many people have been very good like over that time and then it is been more people very good than more people. Very good for a couple years. Like it ain't been that many people that been here the whole time like since I've been in the league that just been doing it like over and over and over. But I think people just get bored with consistency and I ain't loud but like should I been doing it that long and winning like it ain't like I've been doing it and I'm playing 14 that just never played in the playoffs.


Like Yeah Portland The season before last bro average 30, almost 33 a game Bro. Oh no I know. Yeah like it's hard to average a dub in the league for a decade bro. It's crazy. I've been over 25 for damn near eight, nine years With another I gotta stop cussing but another person Aaron Dub, you know how I get that bull fucker CJ mcc he did shit too but I'm saying that goes to you like, but I'm like I but I always told CJ like I could think of games where CJ come out hot if he got 18 in the first quarter. I ain't trying to get my 22 like CJ I remember one game we was playing against Chicago, he had 50 in three quarters I think I just didn't shoot it's crazy bro.


I just kept giving it to him like 'cause I'm, I wanna see everybody do they thing like Nah. Yeah Bro, if I'm gonna have, I'm gonna have a lot of moments. I want to make sure that shit, when it's somebody else moment I'm gonna let 'em have they moment. 'cause I want, I want niggas to be happy for me when I have mine so I ain't gonna try to be hogging the the moment all the time. So yeah It seem like the media try to break y'all up for a long time bro. Try to separate y'all saying y'all was too small. Like so that goes to show what type of person you are for sure to let him rock out like that. For sure. Even to see like how you embrace a Simons like nah bro, like I, I'll show you how to get to it. You could see the direct reflection of that. Like obviously you could tell bro in that locker room your presence is felt bro you show love and that's like even with you, like you said when you got no starting position.


Alright I'm straight, I'm gonna make sure my backup, he gonna get his brand too. Yeah that was my goal but like what he does it is not normal. Like especially as a franchise you showing people love that essentially it's supposed to take your spot. Yeah and that's not what when I was coming in the league like people wasn't really doing that. Like nobody was doing a camp where they invite guys to come work out with 'em to show what you do to help them get better because they want your spot. Yeah I mean I know bro like to me I'm looking at the game and how like these dudes coming in behaving and I'm looking at a lot of weird behavior like how they handle success, like the shit that they doing and what they saying and how they act when they have some success.


Yeah. And I'm just like that ain't, that shit is not going to last. Yeah. And then when it stop working and it don't work and then they down bad and they broken up about it, ain't nobody gonna come save you, ain't nobody gonna care. So I'm just trying to, I'm trying to touch 'em and reach out and give them everything that I know 'cause I know it's going to give 'em a chance to sustain it. Nah. Yeah so like an all of them dudes that's behind me like I'm gonna give 'em everything 'cause I'm not in competition with 'em. Like I know I'm gonna win. I already been winning and it ain't 'cause I've been hating on somebody or Right holding out. That's actually why I keep winning 'cause I'm not hating and I'm sharing it and I'm a hundred percent putting the next player, young player whatever in position to do what they gonna do.


'cause I'm what's for me is for me like I'm gonna be me all the time and it ain't, it ain't gonna stop. Nah that's real. Everybody ain't like that bro. Yeah I remember my guy et used to always tell me that about you man He used to be like dang the realist bro. He want everybody to win. And that's a fact like just even seeing that with my own eyes today, I'm looking at all the young guys you working with. I'm like man if I coulda had something like this when I was a rookie 'cause they asked me, we was sitting up there watching, it's like did you do this when you was rookie? I'm like oh yeah I asked you. I'm like no what? Nobody taking me under their wing that showed me how to get better. They thought I was going come to take they spot. Yeah But but it is, I mean the thing about like the camp bro is we got like speakers like mental like stuff that is gonna help them with stuff that ain't got nothing to do with basketball.


Yeah. Because they all gonna have agents especially now they got agents, they got managers, they got family members. You got all these people that's pulling them in all these different directions and then when it don't work out ain't nobody going to be there. Yeah. And ain't none of 'em been in position to really give 'em no sound advice that's going to actually help. They just think he about to make some money. They think he better than everybody when they don't really know what's really going on. Yeah like they don't really know who in this league who they competition is. How the coaches look at 'em. They just think this my family member, he the one so it's like we trying to share as much as we can with 'em on the court but off the court too. So they don't come in here thinking it something is not and they been, you know they whole life they been working to be an NBA player and then they out the league in one year and don't know what to do now they just somewhere you know doing anything.


Yeah. They ain't playing basketball no more. That's really what our focus is. 'cause a lot of these dudes, you know it is two way players, second round picks, first round picks some dudes on the, you know they on the cusp like that third year, you know you get your option picked up, you guaranteed that third year but after that you might be overseas might get spooky. Yeah. They don't care what pick he was no more. Now they looking at you like he wasn't what we thought he was. Yeah. He's another 19-year-old that like they looking at like they used to look at you so shit you can go. Yeah. Yeah. So it's like we trying to stop that from happening but they, it is a lot that they gotta understand on the court but also like what goes into it off the court too, you know what I'm saying?


Like them drills we did today that wasn't Euro steps and a bunch of sidestep is like bro these are conceptual drills you have to be able to do in the NBA. Yeah. Like the X is on the court for a reason. LeBron going to zip the ball to that X right there. If you're not there it's gonna go outta bounds. He coming out, he gonna put his hands in the air and look at the coach and you coming out for sure. So it's like this the type of stuff they gotta know or you can't make it. Especially for some of the positions that they in. Like y'all not the number one pick of the draft. So nah, it's dope. Yeah.


New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man Here about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by the all new Toyota Camry. Whatever your vibe, it's a Camry vibe.


My name is Ariel. I moved to the US at 19, I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate. They graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council.


Hello from Wonder Media Network. I'm Jenny Kaplan, host of Woman Manica, a daily podcast that introduces you to the fascinating lives of women. History has forgotten. This month we're bringing you the stories of athletes. There's the Italian race car driver who courted danger and became the first woman to compete in Formula One. The sprinter who set a world record and protested racism and discrimination in the US and around the world. In the 1960s, the diver who was barred from swimming clubs due to her race and went on to become the first Asian American woman to win an Olympic medal, she won gold twice. The mountaineer known in the Chinese press as the tallest woman in the world and the ancient Greek charioteer who exploited a loophole to become the first ever woman to compete at the Olympic Games. Listen to Ika on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Miss the latest in women's basketball, don't sweat it. I've got you covered. Welcome to In Case You Missed It, with Christina Williams, the podcast that's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to breaking news, I bring you the highlights, analysis and expert insights. You need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlight, it's time to blaze our own path and embrace new voices from the WNBA. Get ready for Asia Wilson and the Las Vegas ACEs on a mission for a historic three-peat Plus. The anticipation is building as Kaitlyn Clark and the talented 2024 rookie class bring a fresh wave of excitement to the league. And in the world of women's college hoops, the Gamecocks Reign Supreme Don Staley's squad is unstoppable, but will they stay on top? Listen to, in case you missed it on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With our first year being Out of Portland, how was that transition coming into a new team, a new city and getting adjusted to playing with another great player like Giannis? It was like, I was excited about it, like going into it just opportunity to like really win. Like every year. I always thought like if you a competitor, you like this. Like we can do it this year. You know what I'm saying? Like you talking to the team, everybody excited. It's a new year, but this was the first time where I went into it like, we can win for real. Like, and it was kind of, it was kind of fucked up because I had a, you know, a bunch of family stuff going on going into like that summer, going through a a divorce and knowing I'm gonna get traded but not knowing where I'm gonna get traded to.


So I couldn't get hurt, gotta be able to pass a physical so I wasn't able to get up and down at all. Like I didn't play pick up or nothing the whole summer. Damn. Like my first day getting up and down was the first day of training camp. That's tough. And I did, I got traded like two, three days before camp. So I got to Milwaukee, I did my physicals, moved my stuff into the apartment I was in for a little bit. The next day I went to go shoot shit. The next day was media day and the next day was practice. And I remember like going up and down at practice and we gotta stop, Giannis got the rebound and I'm like running up the sideline and he threw it ahead to me and I jumped up and caught the ball and I landed like if this out of bounds line, I was this far out of bounds.


Like I caught the ball, I'm way out of bounds. I'm like, oh, I'm off. Like I ain't, I ain't on point. Like I ain't ever did that shit before. I'm like completely out of bounds. So we keep playing and just 'cause I'm a score, like I hit a couple threes, like I got to the rim a few times, but I could just feel like my body didn't feel good. I'm like, I'm thinking like I just had to pick my life up in two days and just go and like play, you know what I'm saying? Like ain't nothing, ain't nothing really settled. So like I pretty much spent the whole year trying to like just get my mind to like be there and to lock in and be sharp. 'cause I knew what type of opportunity I had, you know what I'm saying?


But it was a, it was a harder transition than I thought for real. Like just like I said 'cause of my life. But then also like adjusting to playing with another great player and then also playing with Chris. Like shit, Chris is a, is a great player too. Yeah. But he plays a certain way too. So I'm having to get used to playing with two players and I don't wanna stop them from doing what they do, but I gotta find how to be the best version of me within this too. So it was just a lot of, it was a lot of moving parts. It was, it was more difficult than I thought it would, would be. Alright, well dam, I'm gonna need you to get that shit together. Yeah. Nah trust me. They over there at the paces.


Yeah. Face fan. He think they got smoke for y'all bro. We Did last year we didn't gonna talk about, I mean last year. Last year they like Fu ass shit bro. Last year they, y'all was hurt Bro. Y'all was hurt Last year. It just was, you know they, I think the first time we played 'em, I don't think I played, I think we played 'em in in Indy. I don't think I played in that game. And I think the next time we played them was in the, the end season tournament and then they beat us in that game and, and that was when Halliburton was like, you know it's my time, whatever. Yeah. Smoke. So like when I seen that, I respected it.


That's why I said after the game, Nah. Yeah you show Love. I respect it. Like yeah that's like if you know like how Russ used to do this and sometimes people used to do it back. Yeah he had to take it 'cause I done did it to so many people so I respected it. But like at the same time you like we gonna address that at I respect it but we going, we gonna get back to that at some point. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yeah. So then like the next time we played 'em, I think we beat 'em in Milwaukee and then I think, you know, they beat us I think four times. Yeah we beat them that one time. But that the time that we beat them was when the situation with the ball and It had like 50.


Yeah. Giannis had 60. Yeah 6 64 or something like that. Jesus Christ. So like yeah he got, yeah he got that look Back. Yeah. But he was just, just d in Airy play. Like they, he, there's nothing they could do that night. So that happened and then, you know the, the season went by so like we lose the last game of the season and I'm looking at the schedule, I'm like we about to play Indiana in the playoffs. And that was when I was looking at it. I was like I ain't, it been like a little back and forth year. Been a lot, you know I'm trying to figure this out, figure that out. But I was like now we about to, we about to see in this like in this playoff. So I mean this, it's kind of fucked up.


We was banged up a little bit bro. Y was Hurt. Was hurt bro. Bro that was hurt. I was hurt. No but I felt like we still was gonna win. Oh respect. I felt like we still was gonna win but I mean Chris Millen believed that banking three is gonna overtime and shit. He's damn sure believed. Yeah he, I mean I still felt like we was gonna win but I mean they sometimes teams have a run and they had a run. They end up getting to the conference finals And, we, they beat us in six games. I mean I, I still felt like we, we had action. You know what I'm saying? I strained my achilles again in, in game three too. So Get well song man gonna say yeah y'all, y'all was hurt to be fair as a patient was hurt. I'm You get out there, you get beat, you get beat.


You know what I'm saying? I respect It. Hey Nas nigga just saying his energy low like he ain't marking that pace of shit down. Talking give shit money. See we had a great season. I seen Y'all. I seen y'all. 'cause I be watching so I seen the episode, y'all was like you know the Patriots whatever. I'm like Nah, I aint say I remember you was like The, I remember you Was talking about that nigga Walla over there. He yeah whatever team I want a chicken Milwaukee shooter, deer. He with everybody. You guys, you got a Boston hat in the set down? I do got a Boston hat. Shout to my dogs. With over there. That's funny. Nah, I hope y'all have a hell of a year this year though. They are for sure. Nah and they used gonna be crazy this year.


We just gotta be healthy. Yeah for honestly that's what's gonna come down. I wanna ask you what's it like playing with Giannis? I had a chance to play with Giannis as a point guard. I ain't gonna lie, I'm gonna keep it a be It is me. I love Giannis. He's a good dude. Super cool. But as a point guard, nah, hell, I'm cool. I'm gonna keep it real bro. I'm cool. Nah, I be cold. Cold. I'm cool. I'm boy Get To that corner my boy. Nah, this the, the, I mean the thing about playing with Giannis is like when you being great and you've won playing a certain way For sure, Like you, you gotta respect that. That's, that's how he played. That's that's how you know.


And then you put me into it. I'm used to having the ball too, but I came into the situation like, you know like I gotta be a great compliment to Giannis. So I knew it wasn't gonna be what it was in Portland. Portland, but I just think it was a, it was just an adjustment for him. You know what I'm saying? Like it is different when you got some different type of help. You know what I'm saying? Like it don't take as much, you don't have to give as much. You know what I'm saying? Like we can do it a little different. And I think it, the best part about it is like we'll have a conversation about it. Yeah, That's dope. It ain't like he was just like, I'm not changing. Yeah. He was just like, damn. Sometimes like you gotta just tell me like pass the fucking ball.


Yeah. Like you gotta tell me. 'cause like all I, all I know is go like I'm going to go like but don't like he'll tell you like tell me. And he, that's All I had to say. And he mean it though. Like he, I give him credit 'cause he, 'cause he mean it. No, what I'm saying like that's really how he, because he think like when I got there, I'm watching him work out. He working out against four people and they all fouling like, he like no, like you gotta foul me harder than that. You know, like damn. So that's how he, that's how he, that's just how his mind is. The one Thing I do love about Giannis though, he do listen. Yeah. Like he'll listen to anything you say. Like he'll take it in. I don't know if he was listening to me but he was, he was considering it.


I'm like, I'm like look, I'm fast too. If you give it to me on a break I can get to the realm. He looked, he like okay, but you're on. He took one drill, you're on step. All right, fuck it. I'm gonna get out the way brother. Yeah he, it is just an adjustment bro. I think that was the biggest thing and like as the season went on, we talked about it more and more the more that we got to know each other. It was like, I felt more and more comfortable telling him like if you, if my man is is sitting right there in that gap and you can't get in there, just swing it to me Cash after I hit a couple, like he gonna get a little closer to me and you gonna have more space. Like we started to have more and more conversations like that. But I also would tell him like it's also gonna let me know like when the ball is coming.


'cause he get in the paint so easy, you know, he'll get into the paint and sometimes he'll just dunk on two people. Yeah. And then sometimes you know, a third person will come and you know, just jump before he jump and then he'll throw it and I'm thinking he about to shoot. So it was just like as the season went on we talked more and more and like we definitely had our stretches where it was like that was it right there. Yeah. Like I remember we went to LA we played the Lakers and I had like 35 and 11 and he had 35 and 12 and eight. That's good. That's crazy. And then we played the Clippers and I had like 34 and 10 and six and he had 37, 12 and nine.


And it was like those back to back games. I remember like walking through the tunnel And, we was just looking at each other like this how we gotta, this is how we gotta do it. Like it ain't gonna always look like this numbers wise but like when we on point, on point it could look like this but we gotta use each other. And in both of those games down the stretch we playing two man games. Oh on guard. I'm coming off hit him in the pocket. He don't have nothing. He come back to me, I'm shooting threes off the handoff. I come off the handoff, get to the paint, his man come to me, I'm dumping it off dunk. It was just like we was just, we was clicking, you know what I'm saying? But I think when you having injuries, you know I miss a game here then he miss a game.


Yeah. And then Chris miss a stretch of games. Like we was never able to just fully like click all at the same time. You know. Then I think they both missed a stretch of games. And, we playing the Clippers and then Bobby half 28 and 15 I have 40. Oh my God. And we beat the Clippers with everybody. Yeah. And then we beat Phoenix with everybody. Like we just, it was just a little, it was a funky year bro. Like, I mean that's why I had y'all winning the chip. We talked about it out, you know, but all them things combined, injuries and all that stuff. Yeah it is hard. You gotta be healthy bro. I had y'all winning the chip but I got y'all winning. Hold on, let me chill Uhoh. It's Gonna be, I mean let me be real. I mean do I got y'all winning to Tip the East Is crazy this year too Is top heavy.


A hundred percent Jt he mad right now. He ain't getting no tick. It might be a, it is gonna be interesting year bro. It's gonna be tough. But it is. I think, I mean, you know from being in the league a long time bro, it's a lot of shit that happened over the course of the NBA season a lot. But It's a lot that happen. I fear the deer man. I don't want to check with the Deer man. Deer man. They Don't fuck me no more. But I, I still rock with them. I about to say I ain't see you in the building at all this year man. They be bit deeper Back. They would've booby bro. There would be no five 20 live show in the Walker. We gotta, we gotta, Dave you the only president back a that's Crazy. I'm going to a game this year. We who y'all play open tonight? I think we at Philly. Oh that's tough. We t going into that.


We make the trip. Didn't pull up to that. I think we at Philly. I wanted to hop into the the rap shit though bro. When did you pick up the pen? When did you start? Like did you start out freestyling with the guys on the a u trips and then it turned into, That's how it started. For real. Yeah, so like my a a U coach when we was in like sixth grade, like we used to, you know, we would do the local tournaments. We'd go to Sacramento, we might go to Vegas, we'd go to LA but we used to all, we used to have four people to a room. Damn. Like for our tournament. So it was two, like two beds. We literally was back to back in the bed. Back to back in this bed.


Four of us in one room. Damn. But at some point he'd have us all in one room. And, we all just kind of be circled up in there and he had talk to us like, hey you know I'm gonna talk to y'all like men. Like you could tell he was trying to mold us to be like certain type. He'd tell us like, you know what I'm saying, y'all from Oakland? Yeah. Like we ain't scared, we don't care. You know what they name is, who they are, what type of gear they got. They was trying to mold us like that, you know. And they started doing this thing where like he'll start rapping and then we pretty much had to pass it around to everybody and everybody had to rap. Okay. Like we had a couple white dudes on our team. Like they had to rap. Yeah. I made him get in the booth.


Damn. We sit in a circle like this. Damn, we'd just pass it around. That's hard. And everybody had to rap. And I just remember like when I rap sometimes like they'd be like, like that was hard. You know like, and I felt like every time I spit I had to keep coming with something clever. Like I and then like all my cousins I grew up around was doing music. They was all rapping and then shit, by the time we got to high school, you know you come out for warmups, we was coming out to our own music. Oh that's hard. We'd go record, damn that's fire. Let 'em play the music. We doing layup lines. We was playing our own music college. We started doing mix tapes and then shit that was Was you a west coast rapper at first?


Was you E 40? Tell me where To college. Just him. Nah, wild. I'm weak Now. Who, who was your inspir? I was more, I, I obviously being from of West coast, I like West Coast music. Yeah. But my style of music was always more like east coast. Gotcha. Because I like bars, I like people that could like rap for real. Yeah. And that was never the style on the west coast like that it was more bounce, you know like dance Right. Ste. Yeah. You know, it was more like that. But I always preferred my style 'cause I'm, I like, you know, lyricism and writing and bars and entendre and stuff like that.


So I wrote like I'd write music, like the kind of music that I listen to and then I try to find like that balance of like what's player and what sound good. Yeah. And boring and preachy. And that's kind of like the lane that I do my music in. When did you know you was nice though? Like all right, I can really do this. I can start putting the LP out the album or I could start asking Wayne Jada for a feature. Like I did, I think it was like probably like 2015 I started putting stuff out on SoundCloud and no it was before that. I did what was that, what was that Allstar 2015?


Yeah it was, it was 2015 All Star in New York. Okay. I was at that one Was at that. That's what you That's only one I went to. Yeah. So Allstar 2015 in New York. I did Sway in the Morning 'cause Sway from Oakland. So he was like, you know you do your media stuff out there. He was like come on the show. Yeah. So when I walked in he was like man like I don't wanna put you on the spot but I know you be rapping. Like do you wanna spit something? I was like, yeah. So like I rapped on Sway like during All Star and like the video, like that's my most viewed rap video on the internet. Like Okay. So like after that I, that's when it, everybody was like you gotta start putting music out like this shit fire, like it went viral.


Yeah I remember that shit. And then after that I started putting shit out on SoundCloud and I was doing a bunch of SoundCloud stuff and then people was like you gotta drop a album. And I remember like my 26th birthday, that was probably the following year for my birthday. I did my first show but I performed all SoundCloud songs. Where You performing at? In Portland? Oh I sold out, I sold out a show in Portland on my birthday. So like damn dang. After I did that and then I start working on the album after that. Damn. And then like all my partners Adidas at JBL at the time, like they started wanting to use my music for like all my stuff.


So that's really how it started. Ah, that's hard bro. Well I needed to own my mu I needed to own like my publishing and the masters and all that to be able to use it for like commercials and all of that stuff so that I could make money from it and then from there it just took off. Yeah. I heard you say you had one of, was somebody working with you, you an agent or something? Like you had him really tap into the music in industry game? So he actually worked for my agency. He's like turn up one of my agents but like they, he always get on me 'cause my very first game of my career, like of the regular season was against the Lakers too. So he played 'em on Halloween and we, we actually beat 'em and I had 23 and 11 and I remember walking out the locker room the night before me and my cousins was just upstairs like freestyling writing bars.


Yeah. And I came out the locker room and they was like man that was a great game. Like you just played against Kobe. You just had 23 and 11 only Alan Iversson. So they telling me all these stats and shit like, and I remember I was just, I let 'em finish and I was like bro I really can rap. Like yeah because I was, I was thinking about what I was writing in my notes. I'm like bro I really can rap. And they all looked like man, not another fucking basketball player thinking like they could rap 'cause they hadn't heard me rap. So then he started, I started sending him stuff to his phone like after I record I send it. So he really was like just you know an agent working for my agency doing basketball stuff And now he basically is like you know everything about me.


He ain't my a and r but he do all the business side of everything with my music far because he done learn no like he done learned everything. Yeah, that's right bro. Yeah I remember the four ball Fridays going crazy. Yeah, I started four ball Friday. So what's That energy like having a sold out crowd listen to you, you know rap like you get it in the NBA, you playing in front of thousands of people then you go you up on stage, it's You's no it's different. It is definitely different. Like my first couple times I'm like man I wonder if they even going like fuck with the music like that. And like when I got up there and I did the, the first show for my birthday I was doing a this freestyle and I think I posted a clip of it at the time on my Instagram.


But I was rapping and I was like rap like one of my bars. I was like last time they count me out what I do Game six. I said last time they count me out what I do game six talking about when I hit the three on the rockets and I said it in a, at the show I said last time they count me out what I do and the whole crowd said game six. And It was him Up and it was a clip of it and I was like oh they fuck with my shit. I, I'm really nice like I'm wowing after that. Yeah I taking shirt off. That's when I was like alright bro you about To crash out, crash out. He put the jump off stage. I'm crashing out. Who been your favorite collabs so far? It's a two-parter and then like who you look forward to work in the future with?


My favorite so far That Wayne and Jay. You got Wayne version. That's crazy. It's hard bro. I gotta say Wayne. 'cause like the first time I got with Wayne it was actually somebody reached out to me for Wayne 'cause they was like, you know he wanna do something with you. Yeah because he, you know he like how you don't try to rap like a rapper. He can tell you just rapping like you. So we connected like that and shit, me and Wayne got so many songs together that ain't ain't even been released. Like 'cause everything I send him, he do it and just send it right back. Like he just, he do that shit fast. So I, it's a bunch of shit that we haven't that I haven't even put out.


But I'll say that one 'cause I actually been to the studio with him. Yeah. And like being able to see it, I was like damn like Nigga you know how crazy that is bruh. Yeah he said It song Light. I know bro. I grew up on Lil Wayne bro. Like It Me too. All that like real Wayne Bro. Nah it was crazy 'cause when I, he was like I was in LA he was like yeah pull up come to the studio. That's crazy. And I remember I was like all right. And then I was on my way there and I was thinking like damn like I'm finna pull up on Wayne at the studio. I'm thinking he finna have 50 people there. It's gonna be a whole situation I got there. It was him and the engineer. That was it.


That's crazy. Damn. And he probably rapped through 35 different beats. Just like play the beat. He standing up at the mic. He had rap, rap, rap. They bring it back. He had rap over some more. He wasn't writing it or nothing. He just was kind of like rapping over each track. Just kind of punching in. Yeah. And then he played some shit for me that you know hadn't been released. I was like bro this dude really is like how you even think about half of this shit you saying like it was crazy. It was a crazy experience bro still be doing that to this day is still crazy. Like he coming crazier like right now he is like he keep going. Yeah he In this bag right now. What's that girl? The who for LSUF.


That verse he gave her is Crazy. He gave her a real verse. Yeah bro. Fire Verse crazy. And and it like as an athlete too, like people will give, they'll give you a throwaway too. They'll just do something just be like here what I mean like where they won't do it. So he gave her a real verse and he always gave me a real verse. He ain't never gave me no little, you know bullshit. Yeah. Who somebody you look forward to though or you want to that you ain't collab with? Shit Man You got something with Cole. Man, I've been knowing Cole a long time. I've been on his ass for, I've been on his as Hit nerve. I been on his As. That's how I interview like bro we gotta get Dave bro.


We gotta get, damn I feel bad. That's why like bro, I'm, I'm trying to work it out bro. I feel bad bro. We this shit months ago. We appreciate you. I've been trying to get one with Cole for a minute but I actually know him like yeah like he hit me, he randomly hit me one time and I'm thinking like okay he, I see his name pop. I'm like oh he finally Finn he probably sent something through, I opened a message up and he hit me about like our roster to see like if we got a roster spot about somebody he know trying to get back in the league out. He playing gm. He was playing GM on me. I'm like oh my god bro, I thought the track was coming through.


Like I often to send it right back. But Yeah, I say cold. That's my, that's my boy man. But shit Drake it is. I mean it's, it's a crazy few names to say but I'll say shit nothing wrong with that. Cole, Drake and Kendrick. A hundred percent. Okay. Three them three. I gotta get at some point man. When you just said Cole, I forgot that Cole really wouldn't Hoop to Africa. That's what I thought he about to say his highlight tape. I thought he Nah, but he, he really, he really love Hoop. So like what I do send him sometimes is like when I see other rappers that's actually nice and hoop. Yeah I always send him a clip of, I'm like hey he might like, he might be able to get you.


I know he'd be tight. He probably be hot. Who you think better him or Chris Brown? Chris Brown. I think Chris Brown. Like he just, he a athletic like he a acrobatic motherfucker. Nah like he just, he can hoop for real. Like when I see his clips he look like a young player. You know what I'm saying? That's Tough. Y'all damn Cole, that's tough. I don't know. Nah I'm taking, I mean Rich Probably more athletic. He more athletic but Cole like really love hoop though. Yeah. So that Cole Trenches with Him Give the best rap Hooper Is Dave East though Going to Hooper after is crazy. Dave East Hoop real East the best. He It's a dude named it is this dude, it's a rapper. He ain't like super big is named Dax though.


Oh yeah he nice in Hoop. Oh we got somebody from Indiana that rap for real. That's Nice. Yeah, Dave East is like that though. Like Dex I'm telling you. Look him up on Instagram look really nice. Look up Deebo from Indianapolis. Yeah he really D one. Yeah He was iu. He really, he really liked that. That's a Dave East. Oh You know Domas? Yeah you know dos. Yeah, yeah yeah he grew Was crazy. Yeah He gagged crazy Rapper. That's nice. And Hooped that I'm on the blank on A rapper. Gilly Gil Gil can hoop. Nah Gil can hoop.


He Can't hoop bro. Nah Gil can hoop bro. I Ain't gonna lie. He be hooping in the little Gil big 3M VP bro. He n Chopper can hoop too. Yeah you can tell he played AAU for a show. I Yeah he can hoop bro. That's that's One. It's a few. It's a few. Who I, I'm somebody I can't think of right now bro That rap is it nobody we grew up on. He said nah I see you in an Allstar game too. Nah that ain't your speech. You got bars though Whoing shit. But you one of my favorite. Hey you, you got bars bro? I can't. Y'all tripping Cam, cam, cam Kahoot. Yeah You know we ain't doing this on the show but R Kelly Kahoot.


Why? Why Was all about musician that can play basketball you know, I mean we ain't, we ain't got You always outta pocket. I just YA Team uniform. I'm not Come on get name outta here baby Got this camera shit to get back all wrap this shit up. Nah, before we got we can't let you go bro. You top Sidney five man. You had that moment to be there at that ceremony man. What's that like bro? Honestly it was, it was crazy bro. 'cause I didn't, when they first announced it I started seeing like lists of like this my top 75, this is my top 75. So I thought it was just like a trend that you know people were saying who they thought they top 75 players were.


And I remember driving to the gym one day and somebody called me like you made it. I'm like, like what you talking about? And they sent me a picture of it, you know they had the little thing around your head. Yeah. And they was like, you made it. I'm like, so they actually put like a committee together to like pick 75 players and and once I found out I made it, I'm like well shit who didn't make it? So I look and see some of the people that didn't make it and I'm like damn. It's like It was the first time that I was like they really looked at people's like body of work. Yeah like the availability, them winning like what they been able to do consistently. Like this ain't like no all star voting. It ain't popularity contest, it ain't none of that.


It is like what have you done? So like that's why I, that's why it meant so much for me 'cause it was like I could think of bigger names and you know people that you, if they had to say 75 players that they might just off the top of their head put 'em in front of me. Yeah but when you look at the body of work, it's a lot of players in the league that like, it's probably like James kd, Russ, Steph, LeBron, DeMar. But after that Chris Paul after that it ain't nobody that got more career points than me. That's a fact. And like they all been in the league for three or more years longer than me and I ain't far behind.


So it's like, like I said earlier, that been like with me being in the playoffs on the vet team and on the rebuilding team we didn't, we started rebuilding. We was right back in there like right back in the playoffs. Eight straight years. So it's like that was the first time I was like, like they made the right decision. Yeah like people ain't gonna see it right now but when they look back at like what actually took place, they gonna be like he should be in there and then you know we got to to Cleveland for the like 75th anniversary event and just being in the room and seeing, you know Kareem and Magic and it's crazy bro like seeing all of these dudes.


That was the first time I was like like should I even be in this motherfucker like this crazy to be in here. And I'm like one of them and being in the picture and taking a picture with you know the other Oakland point guards. It was you know GJ kid like being up there with them. It was like I'm amongst this group but I'll say that like the craziest part and I told this story I think on on Q Rich and, and D Miles shots, Knuckleheads On knuckleheads like everybody was there but when, when Jordan walked up that's when I was like, this man is like not even a real, is he even a real person Like it was probably 80 cameras surrounding like the other 74 players when he walked up it was probably his own set of 60 cameras and he walked up and it was like you could see right away.


He ain't like we part of the top 75. Like he's the one. Yeah like he a part of his own group and that like that was when it was the most obvious to me like seeing him walk up even when you was in the building, when they called his name out it was like nigga we could all leave now. Like let him go up there by hisself. That's how loud it was. It was like that shit wasn't real. It's crazy bro. Top 75 bro. That's crazy bro. That's like, you know coming from no name a U team and Weber State to get to top 75 bro. I don't, I probably could you dream that? Nah, I said it yesterday when I was talking to the campers when I was just telling them like I was stressing to them like all of the people that's working camp, that's not like a NBA coach.


Like even the, the counselors, the, you know, a lot of the staff is like they coach me, I played with 'em, they played in college now they coach in college or they coach in the NBA. Like they got credentials. Yeah but they also witnessed my, my story and everything that I went through so they, they know that none of the stuff that we doing, it ain't just no oh I'm a star now let's make sure, let's you know act like he know everything. He ain't have no, you know he ain't do nothing wrong. This shit was seamless. Like they been there for the whole thing so they witnessed it and they can share the same message that I'm sharing and they've experienced it through me but they also know like the formula or Formula Zero is not me saying this is what you gotta do.


I'm a product of the formula that all of these people make up and I'm, I'm sharing that with them and I was like the reason why it's important for y'all to like be invested in this and to embrace everything that's happening here is 'cause I don't need nothing from y'all. But because of all of this stuff and like my ability, I've been able to accomplish way more than I ever would've thought. Like I would've never been like I'm about to be top 75. Yeah. Like even when they was talking about top 75, I wasn't thinking oh I'm in there for sure. You know what I'm saying? So like I never could have, I never could have dreamed of it going like this. No. You know what I'm saying?


I was just, when I came in the league I was like man I might spend some time in the G league. Literally I was literally thinking that I might spend some time in the G League shit I might, I might go to Miami and be playing with Ron and D Wade and be just a shooting point guard like shit I don't know. But I could have never dreamed of everything that's happened happening. And that's why especially with you being top side five and deserving of that For sure. Like you said you get overlooked a lot. I mean times change, like you said it's always voter fatigue and rooting for people but like yeah you could talk about all the newer guys, there's a lot of younger point guards in the league but still, you still hold your ground, you still do your thing. You still set the standard with that before we get outta here and ain't gotta be in no order, just know what I'm saying.


Who's some of your top five players? They ain't even gotta be the best or who are some of your favorite players Right now? Just period. I'll say right now. 'cause if we say period it is, it's a lot of people. I can't leave off the List. Oh you already know niggas at the Waller. So right now I'm gonna go Anthony Edwards. I think everybody super high on him right now, but I like him 'cause of his energy, like his swag about him is is authentic and he got the game to go with it. So I'm gonna go Anthony Edwards, I'm gonna go Ja Morant Shout to Ja. You know he got in some trouble so I think people kind of turned off to him a little bit.


But I mean I, I know what I'm looking at. Yeah, so I mean I'm gonna, I'm gonna go Anthony Edwards, Ja Morant Luca, I'm leaving somebody out. Joker and Giannis. That's my five right now that I'm like when I'm watching and they like my favorites, I'm a, I'm go with them. So far our team that back court, Trey Trench babies, they talking about Olympic team. I'm like, hell yeah, what you pick was a lot of Oakland. Like I tell you he come, I mean I'm, I mean I'm going with like obviously younger players.


Yeah but I mean that's what, you know that's the group I go with. But they all like real though. Like when you watch 'em you can tell like yeah I hang out with him bro. Yeah, a hundred percent. You know what I mean? Like Ja Morant he come on 38th for me, what I'm Saying? Yeah, for sure. Anthony Edwards, He go cloud nine with me for sure. Anthony Edwards is definitely one of us for sure. Hundred percent. Most def It was funny even seeing Joker, he was like, when the lip, he was like, all right, that's cool. I'm about kill all my niggas lit drinking beer watching horses for sure. I know Luca smoking a square somewhere, so hey don't on Luke, he smoking on Square. Come on man. He the Newports getting bro. That's crazy that that Michaely took for me. He smoked squares. Oh that was a beer.


Y'all wild. Take A beer Wild. Nah. Dang. We appreciate you though bro for Pulling up. You zero cam man. We appreciate you making this happen, man. Y'all know what it is. Club five 20 like share, subscribe, be here instead. The people that can grab some merch at shop Club five twenty.com The show we appreciate y'all. Catch y'all next time. The Volume


Summer's here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groom lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello? Hello. Malcolm Gladwell here. I want to tell you about a new series we're launching at Pushkin Industries on the 1936 Olympic Games. Adolf Hitler's games, fascism, antisemitism, racism, high Olympic ideals, CR in self-interest, naked ambition, illusion, delusion, all collide in the long, contentious lead up to the most controversial Olympics in history. The Germans put on a propaganda show and America went along with all of it. Why? Listen to this season of revisionist history on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Welcome to In Case you missed it, with Christina Williams, the podcast that's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to Breaking news, I bring you the highlights, analysis, and expert insights you need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlight. Listen to in case you missed it, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. And remember, in case you missed it, don't worry. I've got you covered.


Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st T-Mobile Arena, here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, doji Cat, Dua Lippa, Gwen Stefani Halsey Hozier Sheath. Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crow, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more. Buy tickets now with a xs.com.