
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth, should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price Plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer. Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state


By Did Drake take it too far? He's suing the man. Nah, I mean that's, I sound like a Drake move to me All my life. Grinding all my life, sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the brother D the swat. All my life I been grinding all my life, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, slice. All my life. I been grinding all my life. Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Sheha. I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the proprie of Club Shehe. The guy that's stopping by for conversation on the drink today is one of hip hop's most influential and recognizable and am admire rappers in the world.


He has one of the most stream songs in the history. See You Again. A multi-platinum and diamond selling hip diamond selling. Hit Maker Grammy and Golden Gold nominated artist, award-winning rapper, singer songwriter vocalist mc, a multi-talented actor, composer, musician, entrepreneur, executive and entertainer. A global and a Pop superstar. A cultural icon, a marijuana connoisseur. And he's an aficionado of set product. A veteran of the grain. A proud dad. Here he is. Wiz Khalifa Wiz. What's up man? What's up bro? How you doing man? Good man. Good. Thanks for joining us, man. I know you're busy and all, so I appreciate some of your time, man. No, I appreciate you for having me. You got, you got your, you want to tell her what you got?


What, what you, what you, what you want. So this is Liquid Def. This is a water company that I've been Invested in. You invested in that, okay. Yeah, A long time ago. This is McQueen. This is a liquor company that I'm invested in. Okay. So I figured we all just hang out together. Okay. That that, no problem with that. So this is water? Yeah. Yep. Oh yeah. This what Ashby drinking at the Jordan. Yeah. Man, I thought she was getting drunk on the set. That's why people like it. 'cause it looked like it looked extreme. It do look like looked like a beer, right? Sl Markley, remember SL used to come in camp? I don't know if they still make it, but he used to come in. Yeah. It looked Like I looked like a tall boy, right? Yeah. D I'm, It's a little water, you know what I'm saying? We gotta deal with Live Nation as well. So like all of the venues that Live Nation throws concerts or anything at, you're gonna get liquid def there.


Wow. There's a lot of clubs. They selling in gas stations. Yeah. You know, seven. Yeah. IIII did not know that was water. Yeah, I was wondering why people was like, well damn, y'all drink it in the middle of the day Like that. It's crazy. 'cause I give my son that and he'll go like his game and he's crushing it on the side, dude. Sitting here drinking beer. But you also have a a, a a a product that Yeah. Khalifa Kush. Yeah. I have a weed company as well. Khalifa Kush is named after me and it's grown right off of my expertise. So the main strain is the Khalifa Kush. But we have other flavors too. Right. There's Violet Sky, baby Turtle, Khalifa, mints as well right there. Yeah. Let's go back to what all started you, your mom and dad, you were, and your mom, your parents were in the military, so you moved around a lot.


You moved around more than a Pentecostal minister family. So how difficult was it to make friends because you weren't in a location very long. Right? It wasn't really difficult for me to make friends. I've always been the type to kind of just, you know, blend, blend in. Yeah. You know, I could, I got friends from down south. I know how they talk. I know they slang. I got family in New York. I could get down with them. I got family, you know, I'm from Pittsburgh, so it's like I'm out here in la you know what I mean? I learned how to, you know what I'm saying? You learn how to just get down with the folks who are around. Did it like, okay, you, you on a location for two years, you get these great friends. You like, ah, yeah man, that's my, that's my boy. And the next thing you know, you up and move. Gotta bounce. Yeah. Anybody who's in the military family, they know what that's like, man.


And I think like, the older that I got, it was like, damn, I really ain't got no friends from my childhood. But like back then it was normal to me. So I just, I just did what I had to do. Like, when you're bouncing around, do, have you ever have any of those friends that you like when you was like 7, 8, 10, 12, 13, 14. Do you still have any of those people that you like was cool with back then? I Don't really got like, too much contact with 'em now. Right. Like, but if they come to a show or they wanna pop up, they're like, yo, that's Cam from blah, blah, blah. I still remember. Do you? Okay. Hell Yeah. So we could vibe out. Like I, I still fuck with my, my, my partner Tyrese. I was cool with him in like seventh grade. Okay. Like, me and him, we still got contact with each other still. You were North Dakota?


Yeah. South Carolina. Yeah. Georgia. Oklahoma, Germany. Yeah. The United Kingdom. Japan, Pittsburgh. Let's take a couple of these, these states and see what you remember most and what you like most about 'em. Okay. Let's take North Dakota because I might, you might be the, the first and only black person I've ever met that have lived in North Dakota. Yeah. So I'm very interested to know what that was like for you growing up as a kid. I don't remember shit about, I don't, yo my dad told me it was hella cold. That's about it. Right? Yeah. What about Oklahoma? Oklahoma was fun. I played a lot of basketball down there. I chased a lot of girls down there. That's why I first started, you know, recording my music.


Okay. So that's when I learned how to, you know, get my studio etiquette and all of that. Yeah. What part of Oklahoma? Altus, Oklahoma. Okay. My, my stepmother was stationed down there. Okay. And my father opened a studio down there. Okay. So that's how I was able to like start practicing and shit like that Germany, United Kingdom. What, what was, what is it like for a, a kid being overseas? Yeah. You are an American, obviously you're not, I mean, you probably learned the language and, but it's different. The culture's a lot different over there than it is over here. Yeah. Yeah. Let me think. Really? I was, I was a baby so I was like really around my parents most, you know what I mean? And then like for like, for real, for real.


My parents divorced like when I was younger. Okay. So my only memories of them kind of together was overseas. Okay. Yeah. And then like, that's where my dad met my stepmom as well. So she's still in my life to this day. So I remember that. As far as the overseas as well, Of the places that I mentioned, the North Dakota, South Carolina, Georgia, Oklahoma and Germany, United Kingdom, Japan. What's your favorite, what's your favorite place? Do you have any farm members? Do you go back over there? Obviously when you're traveling? Yeah. Do you touring? Do you remember anything about these places? I Remember a lot about Japan and Oklahoma. But Japan, I was, it was more, it was a different experience 'cause I was on a military base base.


Yeah, exactly. But just being a kid there, it was fun as hell. It was super duper fun. But my favorite place outta all of 'em, it's always gonna be Pittsburgh. Really? Yeah. That's where my family's at. That's home. Like, you know what I mean? That's what I really connect with the most. And every time I would leave and come back, it was always to Pittsburgh. So I would leave Pittsburgh, go somewhere and then come back. Right. So anywhere that I always went, I was always the kid from Pittsburgh. That's what I, that was the question that I was going ask you. Of all the places that you live, what was the, the best place? What the funnest place, what you have your fondest memories and you mentioned Pittsburgh. Yeah. So how much time, so how old were you when you got to Pittsburgh? Shit, I was probably like two years old. Okay. Yeah. Yep. I was two the first time I, I was there and then I was there for maybe like a year and a half or two.


Then I moved away for two years and then it was on and off like that every two years until I was like 13 years old. Right. And then after I was 13, I was pretty much there till I was an adult. Okay. Yeah. Yep. In Japan, did you, did you speak the language? Were you fluent? They had us going to like this little Japanese class. Not even a Japanese school, but it was a class that we used to take. Right. That taught us like basic shit, like kochi. Right. Like how to count to 10. Right. But like, that's really it. What about the food I heard because, you know, every, because this sushi, I mean, you eat sushi. Yeah. Hell Yeah. Because see that was that clearly, obviously it originated there. Yeah. And so did you understand the, did you understand the culture?


I Did, but I was really young. I was a teenager, so like more now I would be on some player shit. Right. I was like a little player back then I, I was playing basketball. Right. I wasn't, you know what I mean? Right. So now I'm a big old player. It'll be a different experience. So when you go to a Japanese restaurant, you, I mean, you could look at the menus like, okay, I want this, I want this. So you kind of know what, what Japanese cuisine, cuisine is. Yeah. For sure. I know what I like and I know what I'm willing to try. Right. And if I don't, then I'm just going ask you like, and if you say some shit that I ain't really into eating, then we ain't doing nothing. But they eat live stuff over there too. Right. They eat Like octopus and frogs and all that shit. But I, I've had frog, frog legs.


Not the whole damn frog. Just the leg of it. The frog stop? Nah, Hell nah. Not, not the whole frog. Just the leg. Yeah. Nah, they'll, the legs would be sticking out. Oh nah. And the whole frog would be in they mouth. They go crazy over there. Yeah. I didn't eat that. Right. So what's a regular, so what o obviously you can get sushi over there, so, but what's a regular meal? Like They eat a lot of rice. Yeah. A lot of rice. Like, they do like beef bowls. Do like beef and rice or like fish and rice. Chicken and rice. Rice chicken and rice. Rice. Yeah. Just regular stuff like that. They eat like, I mean they eat pretty clean, you know what I mean? They don't have like a lot of, unless it's American, but they don't have like fast food and things like that. So that's, it's pretty clean, right?


Yeah. Yep. Student in school. So what type of student were you? I was the one who like was, is is smart, very smart. Had a lot of potential, but very social. Yeah. Yeah. You jack it around. Yeah. Yeah. Nah, for sure. As soon as I get settled in and like I find some homies. Yeah. We're cutting up, you know, like for sure 100%. Right. So you mentioned earlier, like you was, you a big player, but you were a little player back then. Yeah. So you always kind of been into girls, huh? Yeah, For sure. Hell yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. That was always my thing was just being smooth. Right. Being cool. Right. You know what I mean? I love females so I used to write girls letters and shit. Right. Like I played sports with the homies, but I wasn't like a, a jock, like, you know what I'm saying?


Right. So I had to be like good with my words and shit. Right. So, yeah. Yeah, definitely. So being young and courting the women trying to come up with, like you say, you're not an athlete so you have to find a different way to approach 'em. Yeah. Did that help you become the writer in music that you are now? I don't know. I think maybe like, it just helped my confidence like while writing. Right. Because like I had something to write about, about like, it wasn't, I wasn't always trying to be like the toughest out there. I always wanted to mix some shit in like for the ladies. Right. You know what I'm saying? And I think like, just knowing what women like and talking to a lot of girls.


Like even not even just trying to date 'em, just talking to 'em on a friend level. Just figuring out what girls really like. Right. Like that definitely was, is an advantage that, you know, I always had. You said you wrote love letters? Yeah. You think any of them still has those love letters? Oh, For sure. They gonna put 'em on the, they gonna put, they gonna put 'em on for Sale. They better. No, they better just show people like, them shit's just real Hell yeah. They better. I used to say, yeah. Yep. My letters was very valuable. Right. Even back then, You mentioned that you, you, you played sports with the homies, but you were not, you didn't play anything that was organized like basketball or football or baseball? I played A little bit for like school and like for, for the base. So like for the youth center and shit like that.


But it was just like on and off. It wasn't anything serious. I've never been to no camps or nothing like that. Right. It was just like natural, just fun shit. But you, but you all but you like sports. Yeah. You just didn't play 'em competitively like that. Right. I, yeah, I played up to a point to where everybody else got good as and I was like, you know, Imma just, Imma I would go get over here and do something. Yeah. I'ma do something. Yeah. Do music. And also I started seeing like breaking they legs and shit like that in school. I was like, man, I'm not trying to be in crutches and shit like that. I'm gonna go write a rap. You mentioned that your parents got divorced at a very young age. What type of impact was did that have on you? I think it was probably better for me. Really? Yeah. Because my parents are really two strong personalities.


They Argued a lot. Huh. They just, you know, they're better apart but he's, yeah. They're just way better apart. And like I was able to have a really good relationship with both of 'em. Like I have a great relationship with my dad and my mother and you know, they might have been in jail if they stayed together. So. Yeah. I'm glad they broke up. Having been a kid with de board's parents, what type of advice would you give kids that if their parents, because sometimes, like you said, it didn't impact you and you realize that, you know what, I think y'all, I love both of you guys, but you guys are much better apart than you are together. Right. But some kids don't take it like that. Some kids hold that against one parent or the other.


Right. You know, sometimes they blame the father, sometimes they blame the mother. Yeah. And they carry that with them. What type of advice would you like to give kids that, that are going through? Parents are divorcing Man, it's, it is cloudy because you really don't get to see the results until later. And a lot of the times I would say like, you just gotta give it time because you never know. Like you might have a father who can't really be the father that he could be while he's in a relationship. And you might have a stronger relationship with your parent while they're not together, rather than them being together. But you really don't know and you can't see it that way. Right. And you don't see it from their perspective. Right. Of like what they are and aren't able to do. You know what I'm saying?


In a relationship versus out of a relationship. So as long as you know, the, the love is still there and everybody's like, I'm a very responsible parent, my parents are responsible, but they, they went through shit too. Like, you know what I'm saying? They needed time to grow. Right. So, you know, you gotta give them that grace and kind of, you know, just rock with 'em, bro. Well, you know, sometimes you see parents where one parent tried to turn the other, the kid against the other parent. Right. And they would say, and it's maybe not like, oh it's your dad. Yeah. Or it's your mom. Yeah. Well what did y'all do? Are you hungry? You know, they, they're saying things to try to contaminate the kid's mind to feel some type of way about the parents. But I'm getting from you, your parents didn't, did, didn't do that to you. I Think naturally they had like little bickering situations and shit like that, but they tried their best to stay away from that shit.


Right. Like they did their best to stay away from it, but they really didn't with each other. Like, so it was hard not to like, you know what I mean? But nah, I remember vivid conversations of my dad being like, nah, I'm not gonna talk bad about your mom. Like Right, I'm, that's what, that's not what I'm gonna do. Right. Like, you gonna make certain decisions, you gonna see things on your your own. Right. But I'm not gonna be the one to like sit here and tell you that shit. Yeah. We not gonna kick it. Yeah. That's your mom. Yeah. But we age. Exactly. Respect your moms, love your mom, blah, blah, blah. And then vice versa for my mom too. You mentioned that your dad got you a studio and so is that, so how old were you when you fell in love with music that you was like, you decided that, you know what, I think this is kind of what I wanna do.


I was like 13. Okay. And I was just like freestyling with the homies and shit. But I really felt like that was my thing. That what you call It. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like, I think I'm pretty good at this and I want to like just see where it takes me, type shit. And my dad was just like, yo, if you serious about it, I'm gonna get you some equipment and you learn how to use that shit. And that's what it, that's what it turned into. How helpful was it that you had parents that believed in your dream that they didn't, boy, hey boy, you going to school. Right? You go go to college, you go get an education, you'll get a job. Right. And they say you and you were like, this is kind of what I wanna do. Yeah. This is my passion. Yeah. This is what I really want to do. Right. When I become an adult and they were like, okay, this is what you wanna do. Yeah. I'm gonna get you some equipment.


I'm gonna get you some studio time. Yep. Let's see where it takes you. Yeah. It Helped out a lot man. I, I think it was everything for me. 'cause it just allowed me to create freely. Right. And I didn't have to go up against anybody's word or anybody not believing in my dream. They always believed in me from day one. Right. Just creating the music. They were like, okay, if you're making music cool, like keep doing it. Right. If you love it, we'll see where it takes you. There's no guarantees. But I'm, they always, were just with me like always like, You know where sometimes parents try to live out their dreams through their kids. Right. They want their kids to go to college or this certain college because that's kind of where they wanted to go. It didn't happen. Yeah. They want them to play a sport, they want them to become a doctor.


They want them to become X, Y, and Z. Clearly your parents were in the military and that's not, but to have the forethought and say, well this is what this boy want to do. Right. Right. Let's just support him and see where it goes. Yeah, absolutely. What type of feeling did that give you? Because a lot of times kids suppress what they really wanna do, trying to please their parents because they don't wanna let their parents down. Right, right. I think my parents would've rather me do something a little bit safer. So there is the, you know, go to school, do this, be responsible, blah, blah blah. But in the end they were like, this is what he loves. Like clearly this motherfucker going to sleep, doing this shit, waking up, doing this shit. I had quit all my sports. I wasn't hanging out with my friends. Okay. I wasn't doing nothing.


I was just So you was really serious about this Now? Yeah. I was just in the studio all the time. So it was like, they couldn't tell me shit. They was like, I was gonna do it anyway. But they trusted me a lot. Like even just working in different studios with people, being away from them a a a lot of times. Yeah. It helped out a lot. And then, you know, going to shows, booking shows, early days, stuff like that. My mom was right there with me. Like, you know, driving me there in my dressing room, making sure that, you know, everything goes the right way. So it, it was, it was a lot and it could have went different ways. I don't know how other people's support system is, but it helped me out tremendously. What advice would you give parents that maybe are raising a child that their ambitions are different than what the parents' ambition is for the child?


I think that whatever you sh whatever your child shows interest in, the more you show interest in it with them, the further they're gonna go. Okay. And I just think that that just translates everywhere. Whether it be sports or music or dance or film or whatever it is. If you show the same interest in it with them, even if you don't know shit about it. Right. It's gonna help them grow. Right. And you know, you Yeah. Hell yeah. You signed a record deal when you were in, when you were in high school, did your friends know? Did the school know that you were like, you were that into it and did it change once they find I found out that you were Yeah.


Nah, for me, everybody knew what I was doing. Right. I was always Cam like, that's my real name, Cameron. So I was Yeah. It is just cam, cam be rapping. Like that's what Cam does. Right. Cam gonna be a rapper. He think he gonna be a rapper. Okay. Everybody knew that I was in a couple magazines like while I was in high school. Okay. And I sold my CDs in high school. Like I would walk around selling my CDs and shit and there are people who still have those, like the CDs that I sold. It works up now. Yeah, yeah. Hell yeah. They just be taking pictures of it and putting it on Instagram. I'm like, damn nigga. Like that's some classic shit right there. Right. So yeah, everybody knew I was doing what I was doing and now I didn't really change much because where I'm from, like nobody had seen nothing like that.


Correct. So it wasn't like I was, Yeah. I don't really know a whole lot of rappers outta Pittsburgh as the bird. Yeah. Yeah. It wasn't like I was like Hollywood or Right. Like nobody was really checking for me. I was just like doing my thing. So it was really humble beginnings for sure. How did you get discovered? I got discovered by being in the studio in Pittsburgh. Just my talent recording e Dan, who's like my mentor. And there's another, there's a couple other guys around Huggy and Chad. They introduced me to Benji. Benji had been in the industry at, at that point, but he's from Pittsburgh and he took a chance. He signed me to his independent label and we basically just worked my records from the time I was 16 till about 23.


And in between that time I had a record deal at Warner Brothers and then that record deal went away. And then I came back around the second time and that's when I'm more or less reinventing myself and kind of found my personality, found my thing. Right. And then that's what you see now. I Read you were an artist in development for seven years. Yeah. Do you believe that's what's missing from today's artist? Is it what's missing? No, it's not. What's missing? Okay. What do you think is missing? I don't think anything's missing. I think they're, they're Just different. Yeah. They're different and everybody's doing what, what is good enough for them or what is going to keep them in the game for whatever. But those 10, 10 years of artist development is the reason that I'm where I'm at in my career.


Oh, So you believe that's why you've had the longevity. Yeah. 100%. Yeah. Hell yeah. So what, so what is, what is a, a development, what is an artist development? So what do you do during, what are you doing during that time? A lot of promo runs. Okay. Staying in a lot of shitty hotels, not getting paid a lot of drops. They give you a a book this thick drops that you got the yo what's up? This is shout out to DJ Power one. Oh yeah. On the weekend cruise with da da da. Yeah. You gotta do that this many times. That's part of It. Every radio station from every, from California to New York and everything in between.


Yeah. Dallas, Texas, San Antonio, Miami, Fort Lauderdale, all of that. So yeah, you do that. A lot of working with, you know, different artists, right. Writers, producers. I've never been in any writing camps, but it was a lot of songs that I recorded that nobody's ever going to hear. 'cause they were just like me, like, you know, just testing me out, just getting me ready, working with people. Or they might have liked the record for somebody else and gave it to this artist and, you know, so there's a lot of that. Yeah. I would say that's, that's mainly what artist development is, is Shitty Hotels and promo.


What's Up guys? It's your favorite dunk here. Shannon Sharp. I wanna let you guys in on something. I'm proud to be a row partner. And today we're talking confidence because confidence isn't just how you walk into the room, it's also about how you handle business. Once you're in the bedroom, you know what they say. If you stay ready, you don't have to get ready. That's where row sparks come in. Row Sparks are the two in one prescription treatment designed to help you get stronger, harder, full erection that dissolved right under your tongue and hit the bloodstream fast. Working in just about 15 minutes on average, that means more time for the good stuff and less time for waiting. And let me tell you, sparks keeps you in the game for up to 36 hours. You are ready to go for round two, three, or even in the morning after. Plus Sparks makes it easy. Everything is done a hundred percent online. No awkward conversation than the doctor's office. If approved. Sparks ship straight to your door. If prescribed new sexual help patients get $15 off. Sparks on reoccurring plan to find out if the prescription Rose Sparks are right for you. Connect with your provider at rose.co/shehe. That's ro.co/shehe for $15 off your first order. Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law but are not FDA approved. For full safety information, visit ro.co/info.


How did you find your voice? I found my voice through the internet. Like YouTube, Twitter. Really? Yeah. When Twitter first came out, I was really big on that and still, you know, I still do use social media, but social media allowed me to just get my personality out there. And then whatever my agenda with my music was that wasn't being understood. Like in the record labels, you could understand it like through social media. Like, oh, that's why people like him, right? Yeah. In the 2010 Double XL freshman class, you j Cole, Big Sean Nipsey, oj the Juice man, Freddie Gibbs J Rock for Sean.


Donna. Boy, that's a hell of a class. Yeah, That's a hell of a class. Yep. I mean when you go back and look, you think, damn boy I'm in, I'm in here with the heavyweights. But you would named 2000 Rookie of the Year by the so magazine mtv. I got the hottest. Yeah. I mean, you're not in co like when you come out, I'm coming out, I'm doing my thing. Whoever else come out. Hey, bless your heart. Yeah, but I'm gonna do, I'm doing me. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Definitely. I was, I was that guy. Yeah. Yep. Heck yeah. And I was smiling the whole time. I was cool with everybody, but I was definitely the, the standout of my group.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause you know, I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in Everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but well describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than you know, those quartz side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Game on because ESP n plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESP ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studios, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


Yeah, because think about it. You beat Nikki and j Cole. Oh for real? Yes. Oh that was cool. When you look back and you, I mentioned these names, I don't know if you had ever heard of them prior to this or did you ever have in contact with them? But when you look at these names, did you think, like you coming out, you like, I know you always hoped and and prayed that this moment would be here. Mm. But did you think the, the other members of that class, like you guys, all you guys were gonna be household names? Oh yeah. Yeah, definitely. I, I think it just all happened like in its own time because like we were all because competing for the same shit at the time. Yes. So it's like, like you said Nick, like, you know what I'm saying?


Like Nikki now and Wiz now you, you don't say them together, you know what I'm saying? But we come from the same. Same, you know what I mean? Yes. Yes. So that's why she's at where she's at in her career. 'cause she learned the same things that, that I learned back then. And we all have our time. Even Kendrick, like Kendrick, was He in the 2011 class? And I was about to ask you that. I'm saying He's under us. Yes. And he was on tours, you know where he was opening up. But you see Kendrick now, it's like he's doing Yeah. He ain't open up for nobody, nothing. Hell No. Not even close. He don't open up no more. So it's like, yeah, we, we come from a really, really, you know, solid class. Like we, we did our thing. Yeah. Y'all put that thing back to back because the 2011 class, it was Kendrick, meek, Mac Miller, big Crit, Lil Twist.


Yep. Yg L little B, Diggy Simmons 2016. You got Savage, Lil Uzi Vert, Lil Yachty, Kodak Black, Denzel Curry, G Herbo, David East Little Dickie Anderson Park. Yeah Bro, there was a stretch from about 2010 to 2016. Yeah, For sure. That y'all had that thing on lock. Yep. A hundred percent. But when it's so man, it's like how do you, how did well is how do you be different when you got so many heavyweights and you got so many guides and young and and women that's letting songs off. How do you stand out? How do, how does we as make sure his voice is also heard when you got so many dynamic guys and gals out there?


I think there's enough space for all of us. Okay. I think every one of those artists that we named has their own fans and what they look like. Yeah. They, you can identify each of those people. Be like, you're a so and so fan. So there's enough space for all of us to like 8 billion people in the world. We give it up. Okay. There are 40 of Us. Yeah, right. You take a couple of hundred million and we still good to go. Hell yeah. Yep. For sure. Nipsey Hussle was a part of your double XL freshman class. I read that it was true that you made Nipsey start smoking blunts and start smoking with papers. Yeah, he did start smoking blunts for a minute. Even smoking papers man.


Yeah. Yeah. We had all of that stuff is on camera too. Like there's so many like really good moments of back then that we documented and is on the internet and on YouTube and stuff like that. So you get to see like our real come up like it it is, it was really, really fun coming up in that time and just chilling but still like making legendary moments and shit like that. Right. Yeah. Do you remember your last conversation with nips? I do. I got him drunk as hell. I think he threw up in the pool. Yeah. So it was Cool. So I mean, so lemme ask you this. Obviously, you know, you smoking right now, is that like, is that the like to calm your nerves or you smoke because SL said, slew said you and him.


Y'all, y'all the two y'all the y'all it can't nobody deal with you and Snoop. Snoop say, Snoop say he think he can get you. Yeah. I mean on certain days. So lemme ask you a question. What, what does that do for you? Weed. What does it do for me? Hmm. You just like it. Does it relax you? Does it push you in a better mood? It put you in a better space? I Just love smoking weed. Have you always? No, I didn't always love it. Like when I wasn't old enough to like understand or function off of it. But when I got to the point where I could, you know, function and smoke weed. Right. I was like, oh hell yeah. Like everybody can't function off weed. I Was about to ask you Yeah because just like everybody can, sometimes you have like what they call a functioning alcoholic or a functioning somebody that does something Right.


But you are like, this is normal for you. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's, yeah it is normal. Since you started smoking weed, have you ever gone a day in which you didn't smoke? I have. What's that day like? It's fun Because I'm usually in like Dubai or something. Okay. Okay, okay. Like Saudi Arabia or Something. Right. Because you can't it and you can't have it over there. Can't Smoke over there. Right. But like if I'm here, I have no point not to not to smoke. Right. Like there's no point in not smoking. Right. I can go hours without doing hours. Yeah. Yeah. So when you wake up in, you wake up in the morning, you roll up like thank you God let me see another day. Ah, where I light at. Are you for real yourself? Hell Yeah. I light up first thing in the morning.


Hell yeah. J Cole was a member of your double XL class. Do you like the criticism? He's received some criticism because obviously he, you know, he fired off one Kendrick K dot came back fired off. Cole says, I'm out. Yeah. And he caught a lot of criticism. Say, Hey bro, no you can't do that. That man sent for you. You got to go for him Too. Right. You okay with him buying? I said Nah, nah, I'm good. I'm, I got better things to do my time. I think shit, how do I really feel about that? I think there's, there's like two versions of it, like in hip hop, like according to the rules Yeah. Of hip hop. Like no hell no. You ain't supposed to do that. Yeah. But in real life you can like take some shit back that you said.


Right. You know what I'm saying? Like, oh I said that like off I probably shouldn't have said that. Right. You know what I'm saying? Right. It takes a bigger man to, to be like, I actually don't want no problems. Right. You know what I mean? Right. So in real life I with it. Right. Yeah. But in hip hop you like, nah, you got that man. Well I'll let other people do the hip hop thing You, have you ever gotten, have you got ever gotten to a battle? I don't say this in no beef. They, they battle rap. 'cause this go back the first battle, the first battle rap I remember is ll and Cool mo d. Right, right. And it's, it's been coming up ever since then. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And so, but I don't think long as you, long as we keep it on wax. Yeah. We could. I used to have the battle coming up like just in the city.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, 'cause it's really competitive. And then you get dudes from one side and they're like, oh, this blah da da and they, once they gotta say some shit and then you retaliate, you say some shit back or whatever. Or like there was like an era where we would physically like get in front of each other in battle too. So I've been in battles like that and I had a lot of dis me because I'm cool as shit. You know what I mean? And they just want to take cheap shots. But nothing past when I got in the industry because everybody with me. Right. Even if you don't like what I stand for or whatever, whatever. I'm still the weed guy. I am still cool. I'm still laid back. I'm still a ladies man. So you don't look cool by dissing me or coming at me.


Right. You know what I'm saying? You could have whatever problem personally. Right. But like, nobody's ever like really stuck their their neck out and like said, yo, I don't whi Khalifa. 'cause that sounds stupid. But the biggest thing in a while, I don't know if we've ever seen like, because they dominated the headlines for the summer. They were talking about it not in just hip hop and Soul magazine and not in just sold an urban radio station. This thing had taken a personality of its own. Right. And that's Kendrick and Draton. And you're the first guy that I've actually, you're the first person I've actually had that's in the industry. So when you heard it, what went through your mind Bout time?


I'm tired of s acting like they cool with each other man and You know they're not, huh. Yeah Man, like that's cool to me. Like, just speak how you really feel, bro. Like fuck it. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, bout time, you know, Did Drake take it too far? He's suing the man. Nah, I mean that's, I sound like a Drake move to me. I mean, I mean I, but see the thing, what, what's what I'm confused by is that so many people came for Drake and especially some of the guys that I thought Drake was cool with because he had done music with him. He had been on their album. Yeah. He had been on his, well He's a musician and a businessman Right. In, in my eyes. So it's like if he's not in the public eye winning, you know, musically, he's going to get a win wherever he can.


Right. I mean, this is a smart thing to do. Like Right. In my opinion. Like I think they're playing it exactly how they're supposed to. So you think this was orchestrated, you don't think this is they got, they got real beef or this Is No, I, I don't think them with each other at all. Wow. I don't think none of them like each other. They tolerate each other but they don't get down with each other. Huh. It's just how the industry is and like all of that's coming to an end now. Right. And it's all like kind of like spilling out and you got, you're getting to see it. But this is also like wrestling as well. So the same people who are arguing can be like cool instantly. So it's like don't get too caught up on like, you know what I mean? The, the, the animosity part. But they'll be, not them, but in general people will be hugging later.


I think the thing what's confusing for me is that I didn't think it would become to a situation where it evolve into a lawsuit. Yeah. I thought we were talking about stuff and I, and I get, look, I understand from Drake because like, bro, you called me a pedophile. Yeah. Now you got people looking at me sideways. Now my, you know, you might be effing up my money Right. With businesses because nobody wants to be associated with things like that. Yeah. But are you surprised that he took it to a lawsuit? Am I? No. Really? No. Come on. I wish we ain't never, I could see if they, that he stole his, he stole his, his beat or his track or something. Or he copied but sampled his, sampled one of his tracks. But not this. No. I'm not surprised. Damn.


And here's the thing, because what you're telling me if I'm listening to you if I hear it correctly is kinda like what Kat, when Kat came on and said what he said, he opened what comedians already knew to be true that a lot of us don't get along with each other. But Kat brought it to the forefront, you are saying Yeah. There are a lot of people that don't get along with each other and they've been faking. They feel like they buddy buddy but what K dot and, and Drake did. They're like, I want everybody to see. Right. We really don't with each other. Yeah, exactly. Yep. They gonna be cool. Again, I can't speak on that personally because I don't, you know, I don't know. Right.


I'm just from a fan perspective, so I don't know. I don't know. There's a lot of what happened. Okay. K dot had the summer of summers. Yeah. He got named, he's gonna do the Super Bowl in New Orleans, obviously. Lil Wayne's from New Orleans. Yeah. You got, you know, cash money, you got no limit. So you got ju you got 5 0 4, you got Master P, you got Birdman. Yeah. You got all that. And what was your take when you heard that Kdot was gonna be headlining the Super Bowl halftime show? I thought it was dope. I didn't put two and two together about the whole New Orleans thing until like, I actually heard Wayne comment on it and like, it was crazy because Wayne really don't comment on nothing.


No, he doesn't. Yeah. So when he did, I was like, damn, he, he really like took that personal, not in a bad way, but like that affected him. And I'm like, dang, like maybe they should have like tried to incorporate a Wayne or something like that. You know what I mean? Right. Or just, I don't know, it just made me look at it a little bit differently, but I could never take like somebody else's moment from them either. You know what I mean? I, it it is just one of them situations where you just, right. I I, to me, I just look at everything. I'm like, dang. That's crazy. Yeah. I I think Little Wayne is looking like, damn, I didn't, I mean how much consideration you gave us. Yeah. Because I, when I look at it with, I think what happened is that the Super Bowl when it was in LA and you had Dre and you had Snoop, so now everybody assume if the Super Bowl come to your hometown, then you got a hot group from there.


That makes sense. But When it was in Atlanta, they had Maroon five. Maroon five ain't from Atlanta. Yeah, for sure. And you, you know what we got down today. Yeah. It wasn't none of 'em up there. Yeah. We ain't even get Gladys Knight I don't think. Yeah. They coulda had ti out there. Yeah. You got ti Luda Jeezy future. I mean we Babyface. Yeah, no, no, for real. I mean, usher ended up getting his come up last year in Vegas. But so I, I think that's the thing. I think the thing is, is that, and we know what Wayne is. Yeah. Wayne. Wayne is Wayne. So legend ain't there? There will be, there will be. No, there'll be no Weezy. There'll be no baby. No hell baby. There'll be no slanderer going on because we know what this man is. Yeah.


But I think Kdot took it as some type of way because he said, ain't nobody really congratulate me, but Nas and I think Wayne took it as a shot. Like, look, let the sleeping dog lie. Yeah. Let the giants let it stay where he is. Yeah. Because I don't want no problems. Don't nobody really want no problems. Yeah. Yeah. Not with Wheezy. Yeah. That one's crazy because it's like, you know, I'm always the type of person where it's like you should be able to speak your mind. So K dot feel like ain't nobody step up. Right. You know, he could say that. Right. And Wayne could say what, you know, that he's pissed about, like not being there, not Be Yeah. Two things can be true. Yeah, exactly. K dot didn't get the love and support that he thought he would get from the community.


Right. And, and, and, and Weedy could feel that he was slighted because he's from New Orleans. He's a mainstay. Right. And he should have been given been getting, getting an opportunity. Now that's not to say that Kendrick won't invite him up Right. And do something that, that's not to say that that won't happen. Right. But I think Wayne is probably thinking like, bro, I'm, I'm big enough to headline this thing. Oh hell yeah. Yeah. He's definitely thinking that and he's thinking that he knows the right people. That them people didn't look out for him. Right. So he is not even looking at Kendrick crazy. It's like, what's up with the people who put this together? Like why aren't y'all, you know, Looking out for me? You know what I'm saying? Right. It could be like that.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on Draft Kings, the crown is yours. Gambling Problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Do you remember the Super Bowl? I think it was in Dallas, green Bay and Pittsburgh. I do. That was in the nineties. No, that was 2000. I think that was 2011. It was 2010. Season 2011 when the Packers ended up beating the, the Steelers in the Super Bowl and you had to, what the hell you had? Oh, you talking About when for Black and Yellow? Yeah. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. Come way recorded. Green and yellow. I erased that from my memory dog. I was like, yeah, that was The nineties. Yeah, that never happened. I erased that. If the Steelers get back to the Super Bowl, you, you, you, you, you cool to do another Black and Yellow? They Could just use that one. Just run that one back up. They don't want you to up update that thing with the new, with That song went number one when they was scoring all them touchdowns.


It did. I think we went undefeated that season. Yeah. Y'all, I don't know. No, I think y y'all about for like three or four games. Oh yeah. Yeah. But y'all was like, the Last couple games we, we didn't lose for like 10 games or something like that. Yo And Black and Yellow went number one. We went to the Super Bowl. That was crazy. Yeah. But if we go again Nah, because like the way that shit is today, like how TikTok and all of that stuff is. Yeah. They just bring the old song back. They Gonna bring it back. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Bring that old one back. What did that song do for Wiz? Is that the song that put you on the map? Yeah, that song put me on the map. That song made me a household name. That was my first number one. Yeah. So that one like proved that I could like, you know, perform on a mainstream level and sell singles.


'cause not only, you know, had I had mix tape success and had I, you know, done really well for myself, like independently and on touring, but now I got a freaking number one record. Right. So it's like, oh, this dude is on fire right now. What made you make this make, what made you do that song? Because if I'm not mistaken, I, I think I heard you say the song was about a car. It was about a car and it was about my jewelry. Okay. And it was about being from Pittsburgh. 'cause like even you see right here? Yeah. Black and Yellow. My logo's Black and Yellow. Yeah. So it's like hometown pride. Right. And that was my main thing. I was like, if I'm gonna get a single, I could rap about whatever the hell I want to.


I was like, but I want my first single to be about like where I'm from. I just thought it was the right thing to do. It was like some hip hop shit to do. Right. Like, you know what I mean? Like that's like classic hip hop shit is like just rap Where you from? Right. So that was my first single and that's what I did. Right. Steelers this year. Yeah. Russ goes there. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, they, hey. They doing good. They Flicking that joint. They going to the Super Bowl this year. Hell yeah. Crazy out there, bro. Yeah. You, you gonna be in attendance fucking Right? Hell yeah. I'm gonna be waving the towel like this. Mike Tomlin had never had a losing season and, hold on.


Did Cowboys take your song? We boys and made. We them boys. They did, but I, it, they didn't take it. They just started scoring touchdowns are saying we them boys. So I'm like all right, cool. Now I got two anthems, But they not What them boys? Yeah, they're not. They Are. No they're Not. I mean like kind of You see that record Alright man, don't They we saying that we, y'all Not, I need them score much more touchdowns Every time they score, the song gets played. Did you see AB Antonio Brown said he would come back and play for the Steelers for free. They broached that subject to Mike Tomlin. Mike Tomlin just said anything. He turned to walk off the stage.


Yeah. You ever met ab Not in person. Would you want him to come back and play for the Steelers? He's an amazing athlete. Yeah. I don't know. After what, couple years away from the game. I don't know if he can come back and, and pick up where he, He might, he might be one of those special mother just like never. You know what I mean? Like Always in shape, always ready to go. Exactly. Yeah. Like drinks Pepsi before they go like do, do, do athletic shit. Right. Where's Khalifa Day? 12. 12? Yeah. Yep. What's the day, Day of The Oh, Couple of days after. Yeah, It's coming Up. Yeah. So this video's going to drop a couple of days before. What does that, what does that mean for you?


It's pretty dope to me because my granddad got me that day. He's not here with us no more. He passed away last year. Okay. But he went to the city and told them that they should have a W Khalifa day and they worked it out. So, you know, that's, that's really significant to me. And then it is really just about like getting stoned and chilling at this point. Listen, I mean you, I mean you have a city Yeah. To back you and give you your own day. Yeah. That has to. I mean, as a kid growing up in Pittsburgh, did you think something like this was possible? Nah. And even like now I don't be tripping on Wiz Khalifa day. I probably should make more of a big deal about it. Yeah, You I will eventually.


Right. But like now I just leave it up to people. But like, you know, as time goes on, I think I'll embrace it more and turn it into something that like the world sees. So we it it is it still in its beginning stages? So 1212? Are you trying to get 1212? Not just for Pittsburgh but they're gonna be other states. There gonna be other places back. Oh yeah. It got to be. Yeah, it Has to be though. So you want it to be Like a like four 20. Yeah, well yeah, exactly. Worldwide. Everybody,


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back limited, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause you know I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in Everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but what, describe it, what's the flavor? What's going on here? Well it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than you know those court side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus, you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN Plus together like never before with ESPN plus. Unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool in Wolverine now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


See You Again. Did you think it would be what it became? I just checked it has 6.44 billion views on your YouTube page. Yeah, YouTube pay Good. I know that thing them chick will be looking good, huh? They are. Did when you, when you were doing this song, did you have any idea that this song would be this? Hell no. Not even close. I had no idea. None whatsoever. Yeah. No, no clue. So they ask you to, to, to do this song? Yeah. And you go into the, obviously you know Paul Walker has passed right?


You know this, there's gonna be significance to this song to do understand that. But to It was right when he passed. Yes. So he was like filming for the movie and they were like, something happened. We need to do like a whole little redirection and you are gonna be a part of that. So they're like this, the last scene of the movie, they're like, he's in the movie but we're like generating his face on a couple scenes. Yes. And this is gonna be one of them where it's gonna be him like riding off into the sunset, but it's gonna represent his departure. Yes.


I was like, god damn. So I'm like, you know what I mean? But they were like, they told me that they had so many other writers on the song too. It was like, I don't know, I can't even name all of them 'cause I don't think it's legal. Right. But there were so many other writers on the song and artists that they wanted to be on the song. But by the time the movie had come out, it was like a week before the movie had come out, they were like, we need to finish the song and we're gonna shoot the video and we just want you and Charlie put on there. They was like, everybody else we don't want, so you need to write another verse. So I just quickly like came in there, I, I watched the scene for the second, 'cause I already did the first verse just based off of like what they told me it was gonna be like, okay.


And then for the second verse they were like, okay, watch the scene and then you know, write it based off of that. Right. So I watched the scene, I just wrote my verse real quick. Recorded it, we shot the video the next week and then it comes out with the movie and shit. And it's just supposed to be a soundtrack song. But like soon as it got on the radio I think, I don't know how how long it took to go number one, but it went number one and it stayed number one for like 13 weeks. 12 consecutive peaked at number one of the billboards. Hot 100 for 12 consecutive weeks. Yeah. Received Diamond. 14 times platinum certification earned three Grammy nominations. The most stream tracked today on Spotify reaching number one and 95 Country W Worldwide. Yeah. Yeah.


So yeah, I never knew that. I never knew it was gonna do all of that at all. So you are only, so you never met Paul Walker? No, I Didn't. So your only time ever seeing Paul Walker was that video when they showing you clips of the movie. And so they're asking you, 'cause you already, you said you all had already wrote one verse and they ask you to come back to write another verse as they're showing you of him driving off in Right the car. Yeah. Like yeah, just departing and like yeah, like you said, I hadn't met him before and the way that I wrote the first verse was just based off of a conversation that we had where they were like, this is the vibe of it and this is where we want you to go.


So I had to like think about personal experiences as well as, you know, what was going on at the time. Correct. Just to make it all make sense. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, 'cause I didn't want it to feel too like forced or anything like that. Like I wanted it to be real. I wanted it to be, and that's what surprised me too. 'cause it was so damn real grass. I'm like, this shit is real as these are like real ass bars. Like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Now they're telling you, did you feel pressure because they're explaining to you this is a movie, this is a, an iconic movie with I think at the time, maybe it was like on the fifth or sixth when he passed away.


So you understand what's at stake here. You understand who Paul Walker is and his character and he's beloved. Yeah. And the a they come to you and you just look at the scene. You had conversation with them, you had already wrote a verse and you look at the scene of him driving that car off and you get the writing. How much pressure did you feel? I didn't feel any pressure at all. 'cause I think everybody, you know, it's unfortunate that Paul Walker lost his life and his legacy is always gonna live on, I met his family and stuff like that. But it What did they think about the song?


They love it. They loved it. It, they, from day one they loved it. But I think like, See You Again connects because you can tell like everybody goes through those losses and you can feel that in those verses. And I've taken losses and you know, I've felt, you know what I mean personally, what that feels like. So to be able to channel that through the music, tell his story, help his legacy live on, and also connect with other people who go through similar things, you know, that was, that was my main goal and that's what I knew I could do just through my personal experiences. And I'm glad that the world, you know, gravitated towards it like that.


What did that song do for Wiz? That song turned me into a global superstar. Yeah. Black and Yellow household name. See You Again. Global Superstar Is when you do a set, is that the song that you always close with? I don't close with it. You don't close with. Yeah. But that's how you know we getting close to the end. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Somebody always said don't close with your biggest song. Okay. So yeah, but we not going, we not gonna do that. Now you can confirm or you can say I I don't got no comments. Now I read and I research team Lil Wayne, Chris Brown, 50 cent, Eminem, Wale. Were all originally supposed to be on the song.


Yep. 50 said See You Again was originally developed for em. I could see that. But yes, all of those names definitely they were all on there. You know what Wiz, you know, a lot of times where, you know, like this song was written for this artist and this song was written for that artist and I had this song in mind for this. And when you hear it, I don't know if somebody could've done it justice. Like you did that song That was, that might've been that. That was, that was, that was your, that was your calling. That was your purpose. That song Bro. Whatever God did, he was Yeah. He was sprinkling something on you.


He knew exactly what he was doing. Yeah. He knows what he's doing. Yeah. But that, that was proof that he knows what he's doing. For sure. Yeah man that was, that, that was so from that, obviously now you are household name, Black and Yellow household name. Everybody in America knows you. See You Again. Everybody in the world knows you now there's a windfall of monetary and, and and and Fame and adulation. So now what does Wiz do? What does Wiz buy? What is the one thing you like? I get whatever I want now. Let your boy let your boy go get that right there. Shit, I don't know. I always had money, But that's the, that See You Again brought it a different type of money.


Yeah It did. But I was like, you know, I always had, you didn't, you didn't buy, you didn't do it. You didn't like damn, I got the number one song on billboards for, for for three Months. Nah, no, no I didn't do that. You didn't just like, I was making smarter business decisions at that Point. Like invested in it. Yeah. I was investing. Right. I was like, I went on tour that year. So we definitely put money into a tour. Right. Made money off of that song being a huge song. Right. So I made more money. Right. That's what I did with my money. Yeah. But I did see where you say in a video that you say you don't like cyber trucks. What is it about cyber trucks you don't like? They're ugly. They're ugly as shit. Anybody who says they're not ugly as fucking Mine.


Can't say I disagree with you With Oh that shit's ugly. They're probably cool as hell on the inside. That's too like, I'm like not getting in the car. Right. Because I don't wanna be like, oh my God this shit's cool as in here. And do you get one of cars, huh? Nah. Yeah, exactly. Because it's like I could get one but it is so ugly. What's the best gift Wizz has ever given someone? The best gift that I've ever given someone. A child That really don't take a whole lot. We, we'll get, we'll get back to that in a minute. What have you learned about money? Because you mentioned that like you've always had money and I see you, you know, you, you invested in this company and I think the company has worth over a billion dollars.


You invested in the, what is this? Gin? Yeah. Yeah, you got Khalifa. Kush. So obviously you doing right. It's not so much just, I mean you got jewelry, but you understand that, you know, one day Wiz ain't gonna be able to rap. Right. And so Well no, I always be able to rap. You, you gonna, you gonna be like a a a a Mick Jagger and George Clinton is 83 years old. He's still on stage smoking weed, directing his band. What's the Guy? Rolling Stones? He's up there too. Oh. Now what's that boy name? Yeah, but they, they, they gotta be them late seventies Wes. Yeah. But George Clinton look good. Yeah. I liked seeing George Clinton on stage, But how did you learn about money?


Yeah. And because there have been a lot of people make a lot of money. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It ain't how much you make. It's how much you keep. How did you learn? Did you see from others or wise man learn from others' mistakes The fool have to learn from its own? Did you see some of the pitfalls that some of the people that were in your position had gone through and you're like, I'm not gonna make those mistakes? I think it's a combination of like wanting good advice. Okay. And having good advice. Okay. Because a lot of people don't want somebody to tell them what to do with their money or how to manage it and shit like that. I'll spend it whenever I want, blah blah blah. But me, I might have some crazy ass dreams but I'd be like, financially, does that make sense?


Makes sense. You know what I'm saying? So like a lot of, you know, there's a lot of people from our community, a lot of, they don't give a fuck about that. Like they just want to buy it right away. And I had that point in my life and luckily I made it out of that. You know what I'm saying? I was in my early twenties and it was like, yo, if I see it, it, I like it, I'm gonna buy it. And it, you know, it just takes growth and maturity. And some of us, we reached that point earlier than than others do. Right. But for me, I always seen my money as an opportunity to make me more money. Like even if I buy a chain and so I could look good, you know what I mean? Like, 'cause if I'm like a bummy rapper, nobody's gonna wanna book me. Right. So like hopefully this however much I spent on my chain is I'll make it back, I'll make it back.


I'm gonna do some videos, I'm gonna look cool, that's gonna gimme some views, then that's gonna sell me some tickets. And then, you know, eventually it's just all gonna promote the brand. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm not doing it to like be in the club or to be the coolest guy ever. It's really, it all goes back into something and you know, you could buy studio equipment. There's a lot of things that you can buy that Really will make you money. Yeah. That'll make you money. So it's like on top of having fun buying cars and you know, houses and shit like that. And that's another thing y'all need to stop renting all 'em houses and shit like that. Like it is not cool to have a house in here and over there and over there. Like get one spot.


Like, you know what I'm saying? And own it and own it. Save your money bro. Like a lot of fools just be like blowing their money on dumb shit. Right. Just 'cause they see somebody else doing it. I never been that type of dude. Right. I was like, yeah, spend your money, you'll be broke. And I'll be looking real good like, you know, I make more money every year. Like there hasn't been a year yet that I made less money Than than the previous year. I'm doing all right bro. Like, you know what I'm saying? Right. So it's like I wanna keep it that way. So it's like you gotta have good habits and shit like that and, and and and just stop looking at everybody else. Investing. Yeah. You mentioned investing. How did you learn about investing? I learned about investing just through my business management really.


I learned that my lifestyle could make me a lot of money if I just put the money in the right places. And there's a lot of opportunities that come up and there's a lot of things that people talk about on the low that you can get in on early before it even becomes something. If you have money, just take a little bit of that money and put it off into Right. Something that can make you a little bit more money. Right. And that 250 or 500,000 you gonna spend on a car, invest it in something, boom Bruh, you'll come up so, so good in like, you know, five to seven years. Yeah. If that, if it's a good, you know what I'm saying? Right. And everything doesn't work, everything gonna hit. So you might put a little bit into this one, you know what I mean? A little of there. I mean so you just figure out what makes the most sense.


Yeah. Yep. But I learned that through having good Business. Right. You gotta have, yeah. You gotta have the right people to ride. Yeah. Yep. I had Carlos Miller, I don't know if you saw that in Yeah I did. And he said, man the best weed he ever had was Khalifa. K. You wanna show, you wanna show the camera, you wanna show it's The best weed in the world camera lemme cigarette. And this is, yeah. Wait till you see how much I'm smoking. Open it up right here in the front. Oh you got no magnet? Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. This gotta be a month supply. Nah, I'm gonna run out in a week. A Week. Yeah. Yep. Oh, Can y'all see this?


Yeah. Shannon. No look, hold up. Lemme, It's like a little Christmas tree in there. Yes. Can y'all see this? Yeah. This man said this will last him a week. I'm weak thinking about it. Yeah, I see you trying to knock one off into pocket, trying to shake it so far in your pocket. So go ahead and take that Man. Nah, nah, nah, nah. This interview will be over. You don't gotta use it. Now Lemme ask you a question. So how did you like, did you ever think that 'cause weed used to be so taboo. I mean people have lost careers. People have lost, you know, not only endorsements, professional career, endorsements, you know, jobs.


Good job, doctor, lawyer, what families going to jail? Yes. Yeah. How many people in jail for, for weed? Yep. And now it's a multi, multi, multi-billion dollar business and everybody knew it was and soon as the government can find a way to tax it Right. They gonna say Yeah, bring it. Bring it on. Yeah. Yeah. And here you are, you know. Did you ever think smoking weed you could ever make money smoking weed? I Did, man. I used to make money smoking weed before he was allowed to make money smoking weed. But yeah, I think like the way weed is now, it's nothing how it was before I got in the game. Right. So I like to think that I had something to do with it. Yeah.


Because it's cool. Look, you and Snoop. Yeah. You guys, I mean Snoop, I mean Snoop is as big a icon that he's one of the most recognizable faces, recognizable names, but he was able to stay true to himself. Yeah. You like, I smoke weed, what y'all want me to do, get up here and all of a sudden I don't smoke no more. No I smoke you the same way. Like, bro, I smoke weed, take it or leave it. And everybody's like, man, that's weird man. Hey, we'd be keeping, yeah. We cool with it. They cool snoop, we cool with it. Yep. Yep. Well Snoop brought me into the game the right way. Yeah. He gave me the pass and I think just him being such a a, a og and like a real, you know what I'm saying, solid individual.


He wanted to see me, you know, take this as far as I can by being myself. He never was like, yo Wiz is the next Snoop Dogg, but if you think of weed, you're gonna think of Wiz and Snoop and like Bob Marley. Yep. You know what I mean? Yeah. But like that's a really, that's a really good company to be in. Yeah. And all around the world just to go to Thailand and see weed shops on every corner and just to be sitting in a restaurant in France and they'd be like, yeah, go ahead. Light up. I'm like, dang bro. Like we came a long ass way man. And that's what it was really all about to me. It's not about like flexing or you know, I love pot, you know what I'm saying? I don't even try to get the whole world high, but I just enjoy the benefits of it and the more that people just see the good side of it and if you can smoke it and enjoy it and hell yeah.


But that's all I With your eyesight. Yeah, sure. Totally. I will have, I won't have to wear glasses no more. Nah, it's, it's like, you know, it's like lasik. You just wake up seeing better, bro. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever pla podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Sheha profile and I'll see you there


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.


Hey, It's Jenny Garth here. The talk around GLP ones is inescapable these days, but are you familiar with Future Health? They've made accessing qualified doctors who specialize in GLP ones easier than ever before. My friend has struggled with their weight for many years. It was always up and down. She tried fad diets, never saw lasting results. So she started using GLP ones and not only did the weight come off, but she also gained more energy to do all those activities that she loved the most. I'm all about feeling my best and living my life in a healthy way. It's incredible how science is able to help us achieve that healthy lifestyle that we are all striving for. Future health gives millions of people affordable access to knowledgeable providers who really know weight loss medications for less than $3 a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in three minutes@tryfh.com. That's try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare service provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.