
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Get ready for mission to Possible. The final reckoning, Tom Cruise strikes once again performing his own jaw. Drop his stunts from scaling some of the most complex and dangerous sequences. Cruise's dedication to thrilling action is unmatched with breathtaking locations like the Arctic, South Africa and the uk. This finale promises unforgettable moments, themes of loyalty, friendship, and sacrifice. Bring Ethan Hu's journey full circle. The cast is stellar, featuring Haley Atwell, Simon Peg, Ben Rains, Angela Bassett and more experience. Epic edge of your sea cinema. See mission of possible the final reckoning in theaters May 23rd.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old s sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man and to per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Member Week is here at Lowe's. Don't miss your chance to get up to 40% off hundreds of items like paint, outdoor and home essentials and more. Shop our exclusive deals happening in store and online now through May 14th, not a rewards member. Join for free today and get ready to save more Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs subject to terms and conditions. Details of lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


Get in the zone. AutoZone. Annie's first oil change wasn't as hard as she thought because she went to AutoZone where a friendly auto owner helped her find the right oil and save on an oil filter. He explained the job and showed her free how-tos on AutoZone dot com when she was done. AutoZone recycled her old oil for free. No hassles. Just help Everything you need. Nothing you don't get in the zone. AutoZone restrictions, apply


The Volume.


Yo, what's going on? It's Club five 20 man, we just here to talk about some real stuff and listen, everything is going up. Everything is more expensive, you name it. Water, eggs, milk. It's a lot of stuff going on. The last thing you want is credit card debt. And listen, there is a better way for you, man, especially to build your credit. All you gotta do is tap in with chimes credit builder card. It's a secure credit card. No credit check and a minimum deposit required. But listen, it'll get you start on your financial freedom. A it is really easy to start building credit with your everyday purchases. You can make regular on time payments. It is no annual fees, interest or credit checks. I mean Chime is the way to go. chime.com with A better credit score. It gives you an opportunity to take family vacations, unexpected bills that you can take care of. You know, just make life a lot easier for you. A good score makes a big difference. All these things can help you lower interest rates on your home and your car. A good score makes a big difference. Using your chime map. You have access to 50,000 fee free ATMs across the world to your everyday purchases and on time payments. It's the steps towards your financial goals. And Chime, secure Credit Builder, visa credit card. Get started today@chime.com. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card is issued by the Bank Corp Bank NA or Strive Bank. NA Spot Me eligibility requires an overdraft limit. Apply Chime checking account required to apply out of network ATM withdrawal and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Time me depends. Or a submission of payment man.


All right man. We back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm your host. My name is DJ Will Same game with me. You know what I'm saying? Bishop late. So we're gonna introduce him whenever he get here to work to my right. Still my dog. Young Nacho, young T how you what? I'm chilling man. I'm about to start wearing clothes to this mug man. Okay. Yeah. Summertime. I'm gonna start putting some clothes on Psych. I was gonna say, you trying to get your shit off now? Nah, hell me. Gala got you s Smart pissed off at work. Put a piano on my back. Pause but I don't know why it's a pause. It just sounds like you supposed to say pause piss on your back. Yeah. That's crazy. We got, we got, we got a special interest in Day To Work. First of all, hold on. Niggas is out of pocket. Niggas is late to work and they got they own walk in.


Where this nigga at man? Hey basketball. Oh Nigga is the, oh my God. Brian. Travis Hunter, let's go at 0.4 A. My boy came with the headband first of all. He got, he do got the ball collector head down with the do right Out BC ball collector and not before Christ Real BC Yo.


Man, what the fuck? Where the fuck you get that jersey from? Shout to my people. Digs Fall. Had to get my boy mouth. I lost a bit. Oh you got the Magic socks too? Yeah. Oh, the na. Oh the Jersey socks is wicked. Yeah bro. So it's a Jersey Socks. The Jersey socks. Yeah. Shout all. Shout. This is for you bro. We, we had a bet last year and I'm, I'm owning up. Tour it bro. Man, shout undershirts class. Shout to be here. The man of his word man. Man owning up the Be. I didn't know it was going this far because I seen BS. Swear tag you. He said pay what you weigh. Oh yeah.


I didn't know you was gonna show up like this man. Yeah man this shit cost. But I mean shout out to good old question. Yeah, you put some fresh white ones with too. Oh but the laces where did get all white shorts nigga I've never seen White Shorts. Well shout out to my guy at Digs. He helped me get this but I forgot your name buddy. Right off of putting it together. Being my stylist for the day. The personal shopper Dicks is crazy. That does bro. You know what's crazy when I walked in though, he was like, you, you always coming here but I know what you coming for. The pastry shit is over there. Damn. That's crazy. Yeah. So I'm like, he directed me to it. I said I need the mouse jersey. You got me right bro. That's what, what Shout man. Shout out to the white headband though man. Yeah. Who shout that?


It a good dude got a white head band. This was a part of bed as well. Man, shout out to my accessories bro. I fuck with it. I fuck with it. Shout out to be here man. Man. And his right hand, his jacket. But listen man, five 20 days on the way. Pull up next weekend. Five 17 Live Beck 9 5 20 live show. Yeah, I think we can tell who the guest is now, right? Yeah. Who will live guest be here? Who pulling up for the show? Man? Man, freaky Bow man. Bow wow. We'll be our special guest. We'll also be running the first I guess episode of For the Lover Barbie. Yeah, listen man, we got a great show lined up. Bow Wow is pulling up man Live show First Taping for the Lover Barbie.


We gonna talk that more when she pull up. But man we are very excited for y'all to slide. I've been doing numbers in that box office. We done sold out a couple times but just the last time. Yeah, we ain't hold no more tickets. Please lock in. Please tap in. We're gonna add a hundred more for y'all. We wanna see everybody pull up. Have a good time man. It's gonna be a great time. We appreciate y'all coming and celebrating with us. The second annual five 20 day and listen dropping this weekend. Shout to Weeder on Run GP and Mike Gillis. We got a dope collab dropping. This is one of the fire tees we got going. Listen man, we got a dope collaboration with them. Yeah. Some dope pieces on the way. They are very limited as well. The first 25 people who pull up this weekend get a VIP ticket to the show this weekend. So you got a little bit of incentive to slide on the homies. Man, we trying to do a big for y'all.


We appreciate all the love and support y'all give to us man. We gonna turn up that weekend for sure man. I know y'all excited about this. Yeah. Nah man. I'm geeked. I'm geeked back nine. Shout out to y'all for allowing us to bring add more tickets to us. I, we didn't think that this was gonna turn out like this so shout out to all the love and support from our city and everybody else. Sure. Everybody always showing love. We appreciate that. It should be a good time. Y'all know we gonna turn up, we gonna have a blast. But having Bow Wow as a special guest, we all grew up on that. That's our era. Yeah. So have got a lot of tough questions for Bow too. Yeah, for it. Pull up. Fuck with us. It's gonna be a good time bro. We know y'all seen that shit Sharp interview. It will be not be like that. Oh no. About to have a time and that motherfucker be a show.


It definitely be some tequila phone for sure. You see what old girl did his, that don repo bottle he at? Yeah. Yeah. What's up with the Don repo y'all? They putting SMU out there so they gotta stop serving that in the club man. They need to take that off the shelf man. What's the, I don't know. They saying it ain't real alcohol. Oh. Well consider what happens to everybody before, after pitchers, after drinking that in the club and then what happens on their way home. They said that Casamigos ain't real alcohol. That's what the word on the street is, so damn. Wow. They got some what? What did it say on there Mike? They got some defense. Migos. Yeah. I remember at one point in time they had the, they had the Faoh Heni out here allegedly let's say allegedly. So they don't sue us and say for all you people that take all you woke people for the bottles that you shit ain't open or hell that you have open if you want to get rid of them.


I got a truck now I'm pulling up. Allegedly. Allegedly they say it got some so, but it got some added something in it. Yeah. Some shit that ain't good for our body. It's adult tequila. He wanna know what's funny about it. Oh wow. He'll talk about alcohol just being like healthy for us. Yeah because there's no, it's none that skinny. They're saying it's alcohol, skinny girl Titos. But they're, you're paying premium prices and they're saying it's not premium. Oh so it's alcohol still but they're saying it is regular. Oh wait until you nigga see these tariffs. They say it's regular about to get real different about to get remixed allegedly a of course. Yeah. Remember the height of Covid?


We still drinking Don Julio right now. Yeah but we do drink bro Corino. Y'all, You know the vibes. That's what I drink on a regular basis. You know that is the preferred tequila on this show. Yeah. Even though they ain't sent us no, no allegations either Camino. Yeah, no all ain't reup. Send the party pack back through. Yeah, send some more buddy. I need talk to Luke. Yeah Uncle Luke. No, Luke. Luke he gonna get us together. Okay. Shout. Shout to Luke then. Man Luke get on your job nigga. Tap in here. We need you. Yeah for sure. Listen, speaking of about Wild, did y'all see that? You know what I'm saying? BET might bring back some classics. They think about revamping 1 0 6 and park. Yeah. Who gonna be the host though? AJ Free. Fuck it. That was classic. Yeah they they probably too woke both of them so they gotta let the rappers do it though.


The fact that he had fake braids the whole time. It's crazy. Yeah I didn't know that him and Mr both had the the original units that threw me off. Yeah. Was y'all remember them well his look more real his did because I was gonna say, y'all know r Kelly had the braids. I didn't know r Kelly had the full braids but it does make sense because he, but he did, he did had the knots and the top of his shit. You know the thug knots? Yeah up there. The thug knots is funny going in the barber head. Lemme get them thug knots. But I think my biggest disappointment was the original OG hairpiece Steve Harvey. Oh C. Shout out to my nigga. I love my nigga Hay Good Smoke them AKA we used talking about like damn this nigga hairline him and Darien Williams bro. Right. The Crispies hairline and DJ Augustine bro had the hardest one of all time so.


So to find out that two of them three was was smoked Fugazi hurt my soul to see bro. Yeah because Steve Harvey you a cold nigga bro. Damn. Yeah on Defs gym that nigga had the whole sunroof missing. Only sudden he got a whole head of hair. He popped up with Regina that that shit a microphone now when you watch it though, that shit look like a microphone when you look at his head that it's too perfect on everything. It's too up. Spit the spin move with the hot top shit was busing down. He got the coldest barber on Earth on, he got a lot up every day bro. This shit don't, he performed and everything with that motherfucker when no phone hits the fan and all my people dance get punk. That's my shit.


Him having Rod Ozzy be a backup but still criminal to this day. How dare you. You disrespectful bro. You remember the episode they had the white dude on there? Yeah. Yeah when the white dude was a singer and they was like nah we can't have no white boy. It was classic. That's a slept on show man. Swear to God. Unfortunately the Bernie Mac show just kind of took off and we don't think back to look at it at times. But that's definitely one of the best black sitcom shows for sure. I still watch it. It come on a spiral all the time. Damn. Hey see that we was talking about that the other day. That's one of 'em shows that if it's on, I'm gonna give it a spin bro. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Bullhead Romeo is some of the funniest people ever at a TV show bro. Yeah they had used to have me cracking up. They need to bring the parenthood back out. I wasn't mad at Parenthood. I fucked with Parenthood a reboot.


I ain't mad at that. Not a reboot. Oh just the old just bring the old, they had too many TK and all them die now shit. Yeah they had too many problems. TK and all 'em. Yeah, I was gonna say it was gonna be a couple show. That was a, that was a serious show. It had some good, yeah it was. It was too serious though. But that was real though. That's why I fucked with it though. Yeah because Family Matters used to try to have them two serious moments. They were just like, all right man, Eddie just got jumped for being in the wrong neighborhood nigga. They ain't nothing serious about that nor were you going. But they used just was a real black shit. Well did. I just never watched TV for that when it got too dark bro. I cut it off. I'm like y'all I'm already living on 40th Street. I could see this outside. It show your real life. Yeah. Yeah. My like my house is cool. I was You know, fortunate on my neighborhood but damn I didn't wanna see that bro.


It got dark on Parenthood bro. Yeah, God and fucking Moisha bro. I'm like bro, Frank Mitchell is one of the worst dads of all time. Hey Moisha bro. Goddamn damn. You know what show people sleep on Dion Ley show was low Key Fire. Damn. It was wild. And that's why it was fire. 'cause he was living a hell of a life. I ain't really watched the Leys like that. I hated that And all of us. Who was? All of us. What's a pretty lady name? Diamond or Player's Club? Oh yep. Lisa right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yep. I remember that. I remember that. That shit. I do remember that. Damn, I do remember that. Yeah. All of us is fraud.


That is all of us is kind of fraud though. 'cause for you to have your wife and your baby mama like live like that. That was crazy. That's when knew the way Mar was different bro. It was about Will Smith. Yeah, I know but that's, that's, that's hard. That's a hell of a Life Go Fish nigga. One of my favorite that he did say that, that is a classic ball that show Goldfish nigga y Fraud man. But sitcom like that man. But shout to Bow. Wow man I need to bring back 1 0 60 Park man. Yeah I was looking at the Met Gala and stuff but obviously we ain't too tapped in with that. But I was like the old award shows is what used to be like the shit for us. Like I wish we had the moments again. Yeah we look forward to the BET awards. Even the MTV awards too. Yeah. What was better than y'all when y'all was growing up?


Shit MTV for me I was the MTV award because they had the versatile music on there. Like when Eminem had all them people walk out as him. Yeah. That was a classic moment for me. Even the like, I mean I know it's little bit before a lot of people's time. Even the Source awards like them moments bro. Yeah. Like we not gonna get that shit again. That was Thuggish Ruggish Bone, right? Yeah that was, that was, that's when you tears, that's when You know it was tears. You had the source war then it got a little clean. The Black Suburbs with the BET. Yeah. Then it was all the way Malibu. Yeah with TV. That's a fact. Somebody was on Twitter talking about it was just like yeah, Fox Sun would've the greatest source of awards. What we would've, we would've, we would've had that bitch turf on some real shit.


I wish we could interview back then. Suge like we was on his run. Nah, I'm cool. Y'all don't y'all want Suge? No on the interview? No, we've got that Jodeci drop. We might have got dropped. You see how he was doing contract would love to interview Suge bro. Y Wildes. I would've too cube all them niggas back here when they was fraud. Cube Cube cool off Suge. Okay. Fresh off for y'all Ain't got no love for the Yeah, I would've loved that bro. We would've killed a Tupac interview y'all. Oh would when they was fried bro. We would that have been lit. Nah bro, we've been that smoking our time bro. Because we would've been like, bro you grew up in New York, why you bang West Coast like that?


And then there you go. What nigga Bitch. That's a moment bro. That's a moment bro. Well those moments back the end ended we would've nigga what's up? We would've been like DJ wreck one be asked about a motherfucker seizure nigga we rap won Nap Town. Classic interview Tap if you're not familiar because I feel like that's where like Charleston White came out too late. Charleston White was supposed to grow up with Tupac bro. He did. He did. No, I'm saying like be after like to the world. I think things would've went differently. He would, he would've been dead bro. Shout to Charleston but nah, I mean you see what that was on bro? Can we shout him out? Hell I fuck its life too late being alive. Yeah. Yeah. It's cool man.


Shout, shout Chuck man. Yeah for sure. That's I I see the ball real. We about have some fun. Go ahead be here. What time is it? Barbie don't get nothing on my motherfucking whites shit. I'm out here dressed like yo Gotti and that shit probably going back. So bitch shout to our smart nigga about take that alternative journey right back Mar was it you had motherfuck life this okay, what we got today, what we got today, Whatever This the five special.


I dropped my shit the last. Okay, what's in the five 20 special? This motherfucker type ingredients. This. I used to make this drink called a blue motherfucker. It was a, but it was really Hypnotic and nope it was Hypnotic. That's nothing. Whatever vodka we had, damn it, it is giving me flashbacks. Hypnotic and Hennessy was called credible hope. Yeah. Yeah bro we gotta run that back for us one day. Nah, no you don't. Off five 20 days. Incredible. Hope. Let's lock in. What's in here though? A Passion fruit pineapple. Hmm? I gonna, Jesus. Yeah, it's cool right? Okay. Just working.


Yeah, that's what I tell, tell my wife I'm just working. What you got back there? Well shout out to the household. Now Barbie, we announced that we are going to shout to the household. The first, the first episode. This will be a a mini series. Yes. Live taping. Please just give the YouTube audio audience three qualifications that you want outta a for the love of Barbie cast live love. Just a quick three. Quick three. Y'all Must have all your teeth. Damn. So if they missing one side tooth they can't I can see it because don't go, I don't mean to cut you off. Don't go to the money and shit 'cause we ain't there yet.


We going there. Okay. Is the teeth is is very important. Yes. I need, she said I can't see your side Next. Are we Next? Yes. Yeah we have. I'm gonna see if I can get a whistle or a buzzer but yeah. So no teeth buzzer? No teeth is, no. Okay, that's one. Who else we got? Gotta Have a headboard. Okay, headboard. No, I thought that was bar. I thought that was That's the next step. That's the next round. Okay. First round. This is all look preference. Okay. Oh, okay. Looks Let's, yes. Okay, so Tif te okay here or no Here. So you can be Michael Jordan. She is open. Okay for now.


Okay. Okay. Tall short. I prefer them tall but I, I always make short. Okay. Don't matter. Really shout to the Short Kings. You got a chance here as well. Height come as you are ethnicity. Are you okay? Are you a DI higher. What's up Dr. Omar follows us. She didn't do this. She so what? It can't be no white guys. Yeah. Yeah Barbie Give it honest. Give it honest Barbie. Seriously like can can the white guy pull up? A White guy can pull up. Okay. I never White guy so Yeah, I would like for some white guys You gotta be like a tall wall. You gotta be like a, that's a good question.


Is it Larry from Finance or Paul Willigan? Yeah that's okay. Alright. Yeah because you got Justin Timberlake or Seth Rogan. Yeah. Don't talk Queen. Nah. Okay so you he to me. He gotta be black y'all. You got, wait, do you have a gender preference? Huh? Could it be men or women up there? Studs are welcome apparently. Shout to the studs. Just keep that motherfucker at home. Yeah. Don't bring no straps. Come through the door with the we'll have security. Don't nobody bring no straps of any kind.


What's koala in or white player? Yeah but I mean look the real, yeah my mama Is easy. I don't have a type So she ain't got no type. You know what most girls with, with Dreams Dikes girls. Oh that's what she like. That's damn I thought about it. You said they can come as they're anybody. So you ain't got no type for real Stuss me dusty though. So y'all got a cover. All y'all shit too. Shit. The one that living at my party be fresh. A couple of them though. Shout out. You not real stu if you a P baby dress like that. Nah, no they don't.


My nigga, my nigga fishy, she come, she comes OB they be wearing jerseys and shit like that. Yeah they wear with the sports bra with the fat titties. You can see the side of that shit. O Stuns got the biggest titties you nigga. Hey but can they a one of the wildest videos you said they be having Fast? Yes. You know man, girl be thinking under thems on there and what they names be Ernest e he Weezy e dog.


Ewe. Ewe for sure the Roy. Oh. So since, since You know all love to everybody Love you and love Now do you prefer a girly girl or a stu? I Prefer a girly girl. I've never Okay. Dated a girl. Respect. Have you ever dated a girl? Dated. Okay, cool. That's peace. That's enough. That's, that's peace. I get y'all get a little sensitive about that shit. Oh yeah. It's, it's just no, it's what, it's what Ever since grab letters, You know we had to kind of back. Hey we all friends man. Love people to love appreciate. I wanna wanna ask you this before almost Mother's Day.


Shout to You know what I'm saying? Episode go drop beforehand. What's a good Mother's Day gift? I know we all, You know saying, trying to figure out what we gonna get. What's a good Mother's Day gift


from the play games all the way to the finals, now is the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase score. Ready to place your first bet? Download Draftking Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New draft King customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly make it a playoff run. To remember a DraftKings, download the draft King Sportsbook app and use promo code Club five 20. That's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Okay, have you heard about this last year? Degree changed the forklift for their cool rush Deodorant fans rebelled in one of the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself. So we all made mistakes, right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do but we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Get In the zone Auto zone. Annie's first oil change wasn't as hard as she thought because she went to AutoZone where a friendly auto owner helped her find the right oil and save on an oil filter. He explained the job and showed her free how-tos on AutoZone dot com when she was done. AutoZone recycled her old oil for free. No hassles just help Everything you need nothing. You don't get the zone Auto zone restrictions apply.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Your mental health matters and there are things that take place every single day that could test those limits. Therapy has evolved. It's not for quote unquote people who are crazy, but for everyday people who could use a little bit of help, like me and you, mental health awareness is growing but there's still progress to be made. 26% of Americans who participated in a recent survey say they have avoided seeking mental health support due to the fear of judgment. And when you hesitate to get help, it doesn't just affect you. It affects our friends and families. This mental health awareness month, let's encourage everyone to take care of the wellbeing and break the stigma. The world is better when people are healthy and happy. I myself can testify and say I have benefited from therapy as well. Sometimes having an extra set of ears can make the world of a difference. And listen, BetterHelp has over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapist from a diverse network of over 30,000 likes and professionals. In addition, BetterHelp is fully online, convenient, also affordable, serving over 5 million people worldwide. And listen, if you give it a try and you and your therapist are involved the right way, we can get you with the right professional and no extra cost. We're all better with help. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash club to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp htlp.com/club.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely and parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Okay, my kids, my mama old say more kids in the house. Yeah she talking spa. She might wanna see her kids. A spa day I see my baby on. I like to see. Yeah. Spa day all You know. It's all about what like so you can't really say for some person That's a hell of a drive. Keystone Depends On doing The girl in the middle flowers. My mama ain't gonna Dior flowers. Okay, flowers. So if a nigga got you some flowers in the robe and some house shoes, you smooth. Nope.


Watch. Oh your nigga. What? The headboard? Yeah. Are you supposed to get a girl that if you ain't got kids Mom, are you supposed to get again? I have something from, I have kids. It was just like a really nice flower. So that's a, that's a thing because I'm trying to you m calculate right now and I'm trying to figure out, that's actually a valid question. Yeah, that is a very good question. Very valid. I'm a person that likes gifts. So if you're, get my, I bought mother So because I'm in a dilemma right now. Do I get my wife a gift for being a good mother or do I get my mama like, 'cause you ain't my mama. Well you make enough money you can get both.


But Barbie, if you do you you get gift. Yeah. Do I get aunts, do I get my mother-in-law a gift? I always get people I rock with. It ain't, I mean everybody get nothing crazy but like I Think you give your mother-in-law gift instead of pee because you, she birthed pee for you. You have to get your wife mother estate gift. Okay. Mother-in-law. Okay. No, get your wife a mother's estate gift. Get my wife a mother gift. Do not let me here. Fuck up your mother. Get your wife a mother estate gift. Oh she's not getting a gift. That is crazy. No, I'm just playing. He joking. She Yeah, I mean if you dating a girl, I don't think it's mandatory but like Barbie said, it is, it's the thought if y'all dating, you don't went in there and smack little man Capri sons bro. Get her mo they get bro, you fucking up a past bro. Listen, you can get her supply bro.


Like if we don't have a kid together, it shouldn't be mandatory. Just let me do it. Yeah. And if I don't, yeah, if I don't get you nothing, don't let that jeopardize us. Like am I supposed to get your kid a birthday gift? Yeah, if I just date. Because you're not looking at that kid and like that's be hand shot right there. You ain't looking at that. But if they don't get your kid a gift, are you like you not locked in? I know. Yeah, we not as locked in because gonna kid and I been buying Father's Day gifts. My son is, I've been buying father Gifts years around here. Yeah Queen if I'm dealing with you, my dad too. Okay. Oh so you oh love a Barbie here. You know I know one mother call daddy. Oh I got, I I got daughter.


Ain't no motherfucker daddy, daddy, but I dad dealt with that dad el. But no, I put for the love of Barbie is lit. Y'all gonna be dad, dad. Nah, if you dating a girl with a kid though man, get that girl though. Get that girl look gift bro. Okay, now before you got here bark ask you a question. You know what I'm saying? Do you do like the gif comparisons? Like if somebody gif was a little bit better than the other, just like ah, so why do you phone Off? Ooh, my best friend would say I definitely, I Definitely y'all better step your shit up for the love of Barber. That shallow as fuck. It is. But That's tough. I do but it, it, it be So that shit get tricky sometimes because a nigga might not have as much money as your other nigga.


No, it's all about effort. All about. Okay but that effort gift that the was cheaper might be better than the it's all No. Or you can go to Dior and say just gimme that first. Come on. Yeah. What about my nigga writes you a love note, the broke nigga? Yeah, that she gonna read that all her way to the nigga with the di house. Oh this is so nice. Hey, I'm outside. He said she read it. Wait for the buddy to pop out Money in the car. Oh that's in my family. I don't like a dry card. You open a up a coffee? Yeah. Hit my hand. What about you? I love cars. What about it was like a, a gift card, like a Victoria Secret gift card for 50 Ooh and a love note. Mm Oh see what?


50 lip gloss. Hey bras is not even Okay what's the, what's the problem? Starbucks, Victoria. Secret King's Beauty lip gloss ain't 50. What? What's the average price of stuff in Victoria's Secret? Bras are like 60. Okay. So he put, he put $60. Girl, your titties gotta be big as hell. You gotta have stud titties for this that Lane Bryant. Alright. So they put 200 on the card and I love, I guess that's cool. What's what I hear King. See I told y'all Barbie fooly y'all I'm not, she tried to say no. What's the thought Jeff is giving out hell ideas. This motherfucker said it's cool. It's me. I mean she hit you with the next time make it 500 niggas.


Yeah, I, I'm Very appreciative. Just get her a car, y'all. She want a brand new car. I Google my gift so I be like, like whatcha, You know? Okay, so you match energy. I always wanna buy designer because I feel, I know that you be so I try to do a designer and Okay. So I feel like so what's your hold on, what's your average price when you go get gifts then? It just depends on I spent and that was a gift before. Yeah. That sentimental shit out. The motherfucker better not bring me a picture of my grandma Or A bitch. I you out bitch you better never, you better never do that.


I do you get a or a do a stepdad get or a gift on Father's Day. But if you had, Because I ain't never got a, I ain't never got a gift. I just calculating some shit from my head. Unplug everything in this motherfucker. I wonder if that's ever happened to a nigga. Step a stepdaddy crash out on the baby mama.


The nigga been taking care of his son or daughter. Motherfucker ain't get him nothing because I really, I honestly didn't think I'm gonna call my nigga out. John. I'm sorry bro. Damn. That's the first thing I know that really gave a fuck about gifts. Like if a motherfucker didn't, he writes a Christmas list out with his girl. Shout John. Man, if she don't get nothing on that motherfucker, bro, he's tweak. He be tight. I like that though because I know exactly what you have. I Always eat, I get good gifts though, so I I can't complain about that. All my gifts been fired bro. Yeah. And I'm an expensive gift getter, not giver getter. Mm. Like you just putting that out there. Yeah. My shit be five bands and up.


Shit. You give a fuck about gifts dj. I mean a little bit of effort's cool. I like to be included but yeah, a little bit of effort, that's all. Nah, I want motorcycles said you like to be included. I want motorcycles and shit. Yeah, I be included. Four wheelers, dirt bikes. Run that motherfucker up for me. What about you mu you care about a gift? Nah. Yeah, I don't want like a sweatshirt. Nah, I literally piss me, me off in this Christmas time, birthday time. Like I already know what I want. I'll just go buy everything I want just so nobody can gimme shit Because I don't really, I don't want nobody to feel like I owe you shit. Oh, you my wife, you. Oh we owe, well fuck this. I I runs it up because I feel like GY not even if she it up, even if she about to give one way or another I bought, you put not me.


Oh. Sierra has all of her own money. She has all of her own money. Not at Teagues. I'd just be like, no, no, no. Nah, I'm, I'm, well Mike gives allowances and I don't do that. See I I I don't do that. Don't that. So I don't back. We all want family but it this tears of nigga. Yeah this nigga, his wife buy some and he get rid of money back. No, no, no. Yeah. Not at the Teas household. We, hey we, we very petty at my household. We hold each other are very accountable for one, for all. Her money's my money, my money's her. Oh yeah, you drunk now you lying. That ain't mine. That's why he listen.


My money, my money is my money is my money. Her money is her money. Yeah. Nah, I mean and then it's nothing wrong with it. And groceries is our money. We get groceries together. I just don't look at it like that. Just like if I, because if you go out and buy yourself a purse and you come home and show me, I promise the last thing I I'm thinking about is ze you back. Yeah. I swear to God. Maybe You know what I'm saying or something like go like damn, can't gimme me. You know what I mean? Maybe. But me thinking about that not a thought. She said the last thing I zell you back. It's not even a thought in my mind. Not real. I'm like that person's fired. I love Lover to death.


But she go buy a Louis Vuitton bag. She bought that motherfuckers, if it's something out of pocket. Yeah. But Sierra really don't be spin shit like buy shoes And I be like, oh is nice. Oh, you go to Champions White Forces. Damn. I'm fire a pair too. No, I go buy shoes. Like I try to buy everybody in the house. Shoes. Yeah. That I ain't, that ain't my movement. Woo. Not at all. Nah that, that, that, that sound like me. Yeah. I just feeling like I'm at least look I'm at least look for everybody. Listen, everybody don't get it every time. But I'm trying to, that's me. Talk to my boy May back. Oh my boy may back. You gotta get out the mud killer way back more. Yeah. Nah, the real, the real, the real I child to these big, big O what I call it Big OI get it.


Some shoes like the grays gotta be right. If that motherfuckers ain't right, boy you be wearing the same shoe for three years. Damn. Oh yeah. We gotta get older Whip man that's low now. It's coming soon. Timet Tom t shit. Oh man, get my nigga. Yeah. I'll I I'll get a whip. Shit your grace. Right. I, You know I'm so love to everybody. I'll get tattoo regardless. Shout me back off. Bought my niece whip. Oh I'm glad we got to this subject. Oh they got right y'all me, we remember we talking about them $5,000 car. Shout to Gary. You know we got my niece whip. What was it about five bands. 4,000. Well that's, that's why I running 4300, 4300.


That motherfucker, they bought it from motherfucker next to Friendship. Listen, she just got the car go. I told my mama 4,300. She's like that's a good decent car. It is in the shop. The girl ain't drove it. Listen though bro my is right kind of service. Who serviced it before it was purchased? What's the Carfax? Come on Mike. Talk to these niggas. How many miles got on? Yeah like what we doing? Kelly car got 188,000 miles on. Somebody had a for sale sign written on the back window and y'all called the number. Nah, niggas ain't gonna longs to see the car. Like fuck it. I'm gonna take this too.


Say Ice Cube. That motherfucker are a Toyota. They are visible outer service. Who fuck about a national lamp car. But listen, she already the shop so I told her I'm like y'all out of pocket. Yeah that that's, listen, y'all was out pocket for not doing y'all shit. Y'all should have put 5,000 down nigga. You just ball whipped. That was, look, look, look, look that mother fucking Jeep was on his last leg. He just cop it. He had to go get the big boy. Yeah. Am I right? Did I win? Did I win? Yeah nigga your truck is nice.


That motherfucker, that motherfucker. But that Jeep the snitching on the Yeah and I know what you paid for the Jeep. But no, I paid, no I paid a good amount for the, it was decent but it just, it kept breaking down my point. Exactly. But that's different though. He also called the number and back. Yeah. He didn't go to an actual right. I did. Yeah. Oh you called a nigga off the street? Yeah I already got nigga from a nigga from Music Monday. No, no. Hey I didn't do that. So y'all Prime. But listen y'all, but we just saying because now this nigga pull up big boy. I'm talking about that motherfucker.


He ain't even did all shit he do to it. Shout out to Enterprise for my, that nigga stuck the hell just to advocate for myself. I do wanna say everybody here has bought a new car except me. I think I deserve a pay raise. Me and mouth both. I haven't bought a new car because actually you have bought a new car. Bought you bought a new car first. Jeff ain't bought a new car. I haven't bought a new car. You bought your wife a car nigga. That was my mama car. You bought it nigga. I just bought my mama a car. You gonna buy that car before? Same difference Car was bought nigga I bought my, Michael bought a car before me and me and Malcolm cars. That's all I'm saying. But you were the first person that bought a car. Now I got a, I bought a car before. Nah, no you did.


I'm talking about nigga, when you got paid when we got here to the new studio, we been getting paid. You bought, fuck you talking, this nigga bought a Volkswagen. Yeah nigga that's three. What the fuck crazy gonna do is tell on each other nigga on the bus and roll over. What niggas throw that motherfucking tail threw Barbie stay for the rest of the show. Fuck it. We forgot to tell your go home you hear now.


We appreciate you Barbie. Like my son gotta ghost sleep. I'm Outside. Hey come on back. Come here bar. Shit. We here now. They love when you hear shit they always get mad at me for kicking you out. Always kicking you out. That's a true. So lemme ask you, you can put down your collection plate. Fucking you. No, I'm gonna get jail. So we thought that was a weapon. I'm ask you one last question about the dudes. Okay. So if they tell you they ain't got no job. Mm They trying to find their way or they gonna make it pass around. Want 'em for the love of Barber?


Find their way. They finding their way. I dunno. They just going through some time. I don't have a job but I'm an entrepreneur. Entrepreneur. I got my own business. Yeah, but I'm saying You know some Nigga construction. Yeah. You know where it is though. In the jar. I could have just started. My LLC could have been bought yesterday. I just, I just got it going. Yeah. So hey, this home, the homegrown Twitter. She said, this nigga said that. He said I travel for work the whole time. He an Uber driver. That's hard. Well see he do. You can get him with that respect my job description. So if he travel for work, Uber driver, He be big making real Money.


He gotta have a black truck. Y'all okay respect Ride everywhere. Barb, you being a little too judgmental here. A regular Uber driver can't get no pussy. Crazy. What about be doing DoorDash and Uber? Oh he trapping. I want Somebody, I want somebody that has money. Oh, okay. I worked really, really hard. I don't want no guy that's not working hard as well. Boy, if you doing Uber and door, that transmission is through. Nigga make your money bro. Get money DoorDash nigga, you're definitely up for me because nigga you're those shit. I'm about 25,000 in DoorDash taking a motherfucker to the airport and SL to McDonald's. Nigga I pressed nigga this how retard, I mean this how, this how slow I was for a moment.


You know on DoorDash you could pick the tip nigga. I was just, I wouldn't even look at the press. They was, they was rocking. Oh niggas was. Thank you. I was like why did you gimme thumbs up and shit? Like what the fuck this nigga 30% boom boom. Nigga wasn't even looking was what's that? The average salary of a door dasher and a Uber driver together. Well be about 56,000. Ooh. Fire. Yeah, the average salary in America is only 63. That's if they do both. Oh, Uber driver. The average salary in America. 63,000 Uber and DoorDash teachers are fucked man. They gotta do both. They do both.


What's the average salary of a teacher? Because of average 45,000. And they deserve a race for dealing with everybody. Badass kids all day. Oh, swear to God. I Uber drivers is eating 56 k week show is I thought relate to the teachers this year. I'm a teacher. Nevermind. 72,000 in American thousand. The average, average teacher salary. That's bullshit because now you have more private charter schools, private schools. Oh, the average salary of a public school teacher is 50,000. That's crazy. And in Indiana it's 44. 4,000. 44,000. 44,000. Damn. Can't have no kids.


I think 50 K is cool if you do, if you single ain't got no kids, you can make 50 K work. But if you ain't, 50 K is some good chicken y'all. I think if you're financially responsible you can Yeah. 50. Nah, you can have no 50 kids, 50 K, you can't have no kids of that. That's be, that's taxes. That's 50 K before taxes, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's a tough budget to make. You can't have kids. I mean if they not getting taxed all that much, they gonna get tax. I mean Yeah, well you're getting a re refund. Yeah. Yeah, but I'm just saying you getting the back for you might make money for having a kid. Yeah, he might. But just think about it though. Like if you got a kid, you got a whip four, 4,000 yo rent, how much do you Think you rent? Probably like 1500 for a two bedroom.


Probably 1200 in a in apartment in a nice neighborhood. 17. You'd be cool with 1500. 1750. You live in a nice nice place.


So we all made mistakes. Right, but own it up to them. It's the right thing to do. But we all know degree. Cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti persin for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool. Rush for yourself.


Get in the zone. AutoZone, Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? Ah, worried about your battery and the heat. We get it. You don't want to get stranded somewhere with a car that feels like an oven. We've got you covered at AutoZone. America's number one battery destination. Our free battery testing and charging service can help. And if you need a battery, we'll help you find a new one. No problem. Power through with free battery testing and charging at AutoZone. Get in the zone. AutoZone restrictions apply.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment anyway. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan. Equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


Hi, this is Debbie your blinds.com design consultant. Oh Wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help you with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to well I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple and I can even help schedule a professional measure and install. I didn't realize you did that. Yeah. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with blinds.com we're on your schedule and there's no haggling, no pressure, no hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Oh, okay. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming Over. blind.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blind.com now and save up to 40% Sitewide rules and restrictions may apply.


Ok. That's not my rent. That's I know that's I tell you above a restaurant, that nigga gets five beds above. He's five beds bro. DJ got an ice cream shop. Excuse me Chris. I'm saying over there wrong over there. Over there, over there. It's a hospital. Just no. Fuck y'all. What else over there? Hold on you far. Excuse me. Why is that the first thing you said? What did you say? Hold on, Mike Watson. That is literally my favorite. You literally got Smoothie King right there.


Yeah, but 50 by the way. He live in Fisher. Well if you see me, hey say hi. He lived in Fisher so that should tell y'all a lot. $50,000 is smooth y'all if you single. Oh my mama can make it work if your car paid off. If you ain't maxing shit to the max, you could. Well I'm saying if you got a kid only thing I would say heavy with education's a lot of times, I mean people who got degrees in that stuff, they probably have student loan debt too. So not only gets forgiven after a while if you're in the education field, but that can be a tough beast for sure. But a lot of people have made it work with less. So I think the first four, four or five years, having the kids will be real tough because like daycare yeah is the most expensive. But once they go to school, 50 is smooth. 50 is smooth.


Section ous, section eight till you get turn week. That's not, my sister got some daycares. She, she still ain't paying me rent three, pay some god rent. I bump these goddamn houses now. I turned them in shit and I ain't got no rent to bed. I just playing. I shit you how long my sister man? Shit. Nah. 300 a week? Yeah. Oh you got two spots because you got Pampers and shit. Yeah. That's not, that's not newborns though. Newborns is higher than that. They say it costs $20,000 to raise a newborn. Twenty, twenty five, twenty. Oh yeah. That's why I'm not fucking with 20 bands. 20,000. That's what they said responsibly. Somebody in this house ain't gonna work. We need assistance.


Yeah. I think that's Cat 25,000 to raise a kid a newborn. That's a, that's a little, that's a little, that's probably what daycare day. That's obsess y'all. Daycare day Pampers milk. Hey that's crazy. I forgot we formula is hot than a bitch though. I swear to God. I forgot we was podcasting. We start talking normal as hell. I swear to God. You gotta get healthcare formula diapers. Yeah. Shout to the NBAI got healthcare for free. Yeah, you, I mean you, you smooth childcare. Yeah. Is crazy. It actually cost to have the baby too. Yeah, dude. True. Yeah. So you just had that motherfucker at home for I, I get down like more in the cold nigga, but the catch.


But they also are including your your rent. Okay, cool. Would you like, would y'all do that though? Like, hey, your baby at the crib? Never. Yeah. If I had another one, I, I'd Fuck it. Get this bathtub doula. Y'all get a doula. Cut. Cut the jets on. Ab Doah is a doer. For real. That's tight. Yep. Oh yeah. That's that's smart. Oh damn. That's nasty as fuck. Yeah, she, she's different breed. Yeah. You was a gangster bro. To watch a baby pop out a motherfucker don't bring that trauma home. I would that be tight. You would watch a baby pop out my my own, I think I would rather feel about it. Yeah. With Obama Fluid. Before I watch a baby on me, bro.


I used to when I was little. This is crazy. We used to, my best friend used to, oh, at the time, nigga named Darryl Ellis. Dixon owned a funeral home. We used to go Yeah. In that motherfucker ride our skateboards and be all in with the dead bodies and shit. That's weird. And it never scared me. Like I never was fucked up. Like I'd be like, damn, that nigga dead. They'd be like, it's still fart wise dead. Like for real. True story of motherfucker in my family. He, he rose up. He didn't have enough in him at his funeral. I said That would've scary. That was scary. He didn't have, if you don't put enough in him, bro, they can raise. Yeah. He was a junkie. So that probably that motherfucking Britney Spears probably was still in that nigga vein heavy. Bro. I seen you crying.


I mean, shit. It was kind of like push you down. Shit. I wheel to the back. I remember I was, but I remember he, he didn't like stand up, but the nigga like rose up like that motherfucker gives And I, it's crazy though, when you think as a kid, I was never scared to be at the funeral home. For real. Me neither, bro. My sister was about to do this shit. My sister J but she end up mortuary school. Yeah. Taking a different career. But yeah, I wasn't scared, bro. I'd rather do that bro. I seen my babies born my first bro. I definitely threw up bro. All right. Oh, I definitely moved. I wanted to, I wanted to like the first thing when I first got money, I wanted to like, I own a funeral home that's very profitable.


Yeah. I felt like I was like everybody gonna die. Like I wanted to be a part of prisons and I wanna be part of funeral homes. Damn. The real Michael Jordan. Real Michael Jordan. This was, this was my thought process. I was fucked up mine, but I was like, everybody gonna to jail, everybody gonna die. Like if you invest in things this, it's always gonna be like buying homes. Everybody need places, huh? Because niggas die in your jail. They gonna look at you real suspicious nigga. Nah, because it's niggas gonna die like they die. But I'm just saying. Yeah, like if you really think about profitable business, it's, it is not cool because I know how many black people go to jail and they go for some shit that they ain't even do. Yeah. Or for some different reasons. But like when I was looking at shit, I'm like, I'm going out how I can make money. I'm like, you need houses.


You need land. People always need somewhere to stay. I'm like, niggas, you always need something to eat. Niggas you always going to die and niggas go to jail having a funeral home in jail bro. Fucker. It is like sky's over bro. Get on the trampoline. You can go dunk, you can go eat, you can have a birthday party. That's a hella, that's a sick ass monopoly. But if you think about it, bro, that's, everything's gonna happen. If you look at a, if you look at a lot of rich people, wealthy people will see what their money's tied in. And you'd be surprised when niggas make a lot of money on just put no money in the jail. 'cause I know a lot nigga Don thank you for having morals and values. Yeah. I wouldn't, I didn't do it. I wouldn't, he was brainstorming. I'm saving it. But I'm telling you, I, when I did my map, I'm like, what does everybody do?


What do they need? They need food. They a place to stay. They going to die and And somebody gonna get in trouble. Yeah. I'm so for a funeral. Even if y'all still want, think about it. I mean we ain't doing nothing but growing. You stab him, we grabble. Hey you, we, y'all ever seen the one where Bojo Brooks was doing a funeral home? That nigga said y'all ain't got the payment. Oh, take that nigga out there. Yeah, because getting repoed at your funeral is crazy.


Yeah. He said, oh, oh baby, we we, we don't take, we somebody down. It's a motherfucker. We know Jeff. Nigga, I went to their funeral bro. And that motherfucker, they was not playing motherfucker. They had that payment. That nigga was in a, a motherfucker Nike Elite box on my soul, my boy went drop box said he would not be in this motherfucking casket until they put him in the wool box. If you don't got that payment, I dunno how y'all funeral homes are, but I promise to God my niggas in the wood box bro. He outta pocket until he came with that payment. Bro. Shout love. Love. That's a hell.


A sponsorship. Not you did the Sammy SOA love. Hey that's funny. Love gang. Oh my bad. You hear that? You about as enjoy man, she part of team that Fuck you the shark. Yeah. Five 20 after life. You stab him, we grab him. Get the promo ready. Classic merch. Hey you stab him. We gravel. I love that one. That is crazy. Jeff, I wanted to ask you this question because I haven't seeing a lot of people talk about it. I know it's rap time, people know what I'm saying. Yep. Trying to get their dreams come true and stuff like that. I want to ask you, what's that responsibility like? Obviously come from a long lineage of people been successful in your life, but like to a lot of people like you made it.


What's that pressure like? Because you get to live your dreams, but you also realize like what that means for everybody else that's surround you for that dream. Oh, it's something, it's a, it's a crazy amount of pressure because I mean my circumstances, I didn't come from a place for money. My family didn't come from money. We, my dad worked hard. My mom worked hard but we didn't have money. So when you make it to the NBA, essentially you made it, you become a millionaire your first year. If you're not a top pick, if you 20 and behind 19 and behind, you're not a millionaire. 'cause after taxes you are a hundred thousandaire. But everybody Think you a millionaire and eventually You know you wanna take care of your people. And like we talked about the other day, a lot of other people we could say like some people in different situations that come places with money, they don't have to take care of their family.


But in my situation, you come into some money, not that you gotta take care of your family, but your family is like, whew, that's a burden off of us. Maybe he could take care of the rent. Yeah. Or whatever the mortgage was. He can. So it's some pressures. Yeah. Especially if you come from a background that I came from. So you want to be successful playing basketball, you wanna do your thing. But You know, if you playing for something else, it's like a good and bad pressures. Like I gotta put in this work so I can make sure my people are straight. But also it's pressure if you don't play well and you don't do well and you don't get that second contract, you don't get that shit. And your parents was banking on you to make sure that everything was straight.


That's a tough life. I was just blessed to be able to do pretty good, You know what I mean? Be able to help my mom and dad. But it was some pressures though. Yeah. I couldn't imagine. Like I said, we had all my conversation but I was just looking at as like, especially people like in my flu age group and stuff like that, for some of us, we are the first generation of people who graduated from college or the first one to be successful entrepreneurs or X, Y, and Z. And it's like, alright now we setting the tone for our future generations. But people be like, why is it happening now? Man, A lot of people deal with a lot of pressures that other people don't have to deal with. Yeah. A lot of situations that you gotta pull your family out type of situations. Yeah. Like my, my dad had kids when he was 16 and my mom had my sister when she was like 17.


Yeah. So they started life earlier and that was like my, my dad used to always preach to us like, hey don't be, hey, live your life. That's why I ain't got kids to this day. 'cause he used to always say man, the doctors and the lawyers, they made sure they was doctors and lawyers before they start having kids. Yeah. They was their priority. Now when they had kids they might've had 'em at 38 but shit, it ain't no pressures. They kids is gonna be well taken care of when they long and gone, whatever. But so that was always my mindset 'cause my dad, I watched my mom and dad, You know I got older brothers and sisters and then like when you make it to the NBA, you don't just take care of mom and dad. Shit.


You gotta look out for brothers and sisters too. Nieces, nephews. Yeah. Yeah. Like out to my nephew. But it ain't your responsibility but you feel responsible like shit I can't, yeah you, I can't be living like this in my, my sister and got a house that's paid for or my brother or whoever it is. They don't got a crib. So you kind of feel responsible and I'm just lucky. Lucky. I'm thankful for real. I praise God all the time that I was able to do some shit to make sure at least my brothers and sisters had cribs. You know what I mean? Nah, thanks. I just think our parents and shit had lack of resources too bro. I really was bro. I mean 'cause they grew up, especially mom bro. A different, like our parents old bro.


Mines is too but they, my, my mom and dad, nah, got a brother. I got a brother. Your mama age bro. That's crazy as hell now my great great nephew. So you got a great, you got a, you got a grand brother? Nah, for real bro. How your oldest brother? Shit, probably 61. Yeah. That's crazy as hell. That's, that's old as fuck. Yeah. So my, my daddy little 53 or some shit like that. My parents was raised nigga to be hustlers and they figured it out. My dad made great money nigga. But it is just nigga didn't have no resources bro. He had to figure it out. Yeah. Like wasn't nobody, it wasn't no trust fund, no shit like that. But that's most black people though. It ain't. Yeah, but I'm saying though, the resources, ain't nobody giving us no information.


We just getting information really 'cause of social media. Yeah, I was gonna say we're the first generation that had access to tangible answers. Like you could just hear anything. But we started being able to go on the internet and see that shit. Yeah. Like we were the first people who go get some of those answers. Generations before us just had to take what was spoon feds in them. Some of them got the answers but some of that shit was too late. Especially about finances and stuff like that. Yeah. Whatever you trying to do bro. You get on YouTube and get some game really. Facts. So I don't know. I just think that's the difference for my house. Like my dad graduated from college so he pooped my dad hooped. If y'all ain't know my dad Hooped, he went to Missouri and Boston University. Oh. Oh gee. So he graduated from college. He did that whole thing. But like you said, he couldn't live his dream 'cause he had kids when he was little.


So going trying for the NBA, he ain't make it. You know, it's like the last cup for the pacers. You know, usually people go overseas. Literally he couldn't do that. Yeah. So that was his biggest thing. Like boy you don't wanna be me or you can't leave. Mm. Like that. So that's why you got the Jeff you got. That's why I'm the selfish nigga that I am because of him. No, for sure. I always tell you, I always say I'm probably the most selfish person ever because I was gonna live my dream. I was gonna live my life. And y'all like, why you, You know y'all got kids. They're like, why y ain't got kids? Because I'm selfish as fuck. I get a little worried every other day like, oh yeah, he's quitting today. Who me? Today's the last part.


I'm so, I, I, I'm admit he's saying fuck it today. I'm admit I'm very selfish. But when I love, I love hard And so like, I love y'all nigga. So I be, I be like, shit, these, my niggas kids is just different than this though. Yeah, I know. And he don't have to deal with us, but quitting a kid. No, no, no. Like you, I I was gonna, I would never quit a kid. Like if I was to have a kid now I would have a kid 'cause I'm comfortable in my life. Nah. Right. But I was like, I was never gonna have a, like, if a motherfucker would've told me, Hey you gotta go to court for child support, Lord. Like, I don't know what I, I would've, I don't know what I would've did. Like not just talk to anybody but like Anthony ever. I I've lost my mind like bro.


No, I Think you would've did it though bro. I would've after that I, one year you would've. Hey gotta him. But I probably would've just been with the, I would've been with the lady Bro Barbie, how you feel about that? You going to court with that? He said, Hey, I, I shout out to you for having this baby. But You know what I'm saying? I'm so glad she here. Good question to judge. Yes. I would've, I would've, I would've probably just been with a girl. That's what I'm saying. Like and then that would've made my life different 'cause I probably wouldn't have lot money. Yeah. But I would've just, that's the kind of nigga I am. 'cause I grew up with my parents. Yeah. So I would've been like, shit, I'm just gone experience.


But shit, that's just how I am. I would've been like, fuck I'm have to, I'm to, yeah. I'm about to be miserable for 18. For 18. Boy you good gangster bro. Send me to the joint. Yeah. That's a real beer. I ain't me with my nigga. I had, I had to be miserable. I, my, I couldn't imagine if I had that. Like I couldn't be like, I can't fuck with this nigga. Like, because to me, I feel like I know this ain't even five 20 shit. But I feel like girls, if you get on my nerves, like I don't wanna fuck with nothing with you. Like, and you got my kid, I, you come to the game and you didn't took me through the ringer with courts and all this shit. You tried to take me to court for 30,000 a month.


I be like, man, fuck you in that nigga bro. Like, like what? Like fuck y'all like don't, I would be on that. My mama ain't going like that's 'cause you come from you. Yeah. Imagine the motherfucker, yo, your baby bro hit you for 30 bands. Like, you gonna be like eh, nah I don't want to, I I'll be, I don't wanna see this nigga on me. Like I don't care. Nah, I can't because that's my seed, bro. I'm have to just hit that 30. I'm dead. That's it. I'm everybody in the world bro. Yeah, because he, he, he is. You'll fuck everything and you'll figure out the rest later. I'm more of the this baby than asked to be here bro. Yeah. Ask me. That's he is and why the mama doing this, this baby that ask me.


But why you need 30,000? I shoulda, I I shouldn't have hung wood in there bro. Yeah bro. But it happens over and over and over again. So with other men. Nah, I get it. I respect it because I mean, would you, if a, if a nigga offered you a million dollars to shut up, would you just shut up for the I like Barbie. Yeah. Team player. Alright. We're about 500,000. It depends. Like she already has has a, she already has a rich baby daddy. So like she gonna meet that. No, no, no. This is a brand new, this is the first round. No this is the first time a rich nigga gets you pregnant. He offer you 500 Dairy Queen. Yes. Nah. Oh no. I'm saying 500. Y'all gonna keep the kid But look, here go 500,000 put me on child support.


This is how we gonna ride for how long? No nigga. That's 500,000 Take care of kid. Oh that's the fighter. 5,000 for 18 years. Oh no deal. She's gonna hit you with a no deal. It don't cost 500,000. Take care of a kid for 18 years. But see what I'm saying? Nigga's talking about no deal at five hundred's. Why That's like 27,000 a year. Kids Are don't give a fuck. Just told me kids. Was he security to one? You just told me kids was 20,000 the infant. You told me the infants was the most expensive stage. But then if You know kids all this I went to, I went to IPS, he can go there Nigga Pike, pike Knee, township School, not private school is considered a gift.


27,000 actually is not bad for a kid a year. Especially a little. It's not. But You know what though, that is your mortgage. They want you to take care of them too. But if you have the opportunity to get 30,000 a month And you gonna sit back, it ain't your money though. You know? But see, you see what I'm saying? About 30,000 month Yicky. The 30 K. This is why I'm who I'm 30 K Mom. That's good. Yicky. Yeah. Think about that moment. You signed that new deal three years, 57 million. Then you go right to the courts. She said we signed the deal. Yeah. Are we in the back deal? It ain't 30, it's 40. She wear your jersey to court. Nah, for sure.


30,000 a month. You get motherfucker bro. Keisha pregnant for 30 KA month. I'm a Tyree Hellur and Trey Murphy because I got lock in with a white breed to, to get these finances. Even They don't take take Money too. Nah, I'm just saying. I gotta get even they going to the shop. Shop. Yeah. I'm, I'm trying to get even I'm trying to make my finances make sense because Isha is milk me. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not saying that they not, I'm just saying I know Sandy and y'all know I'm opposed to the white woman. I'll like God bless y'all. But that's just not my cup of tea. I'm just saying at least I can get in Good. 'cause I know if I get another Baris.


Yeah, it's too, I'm fucked up. You 60,000? Yeah I'm 60 k. At least with Mandy. Mandy might, Hey my dad has this, we gonna add you to the, You know, I mean Jeremy lay on me. You might come. Yeah like I might have switched my whole regimen bro because that 30 KA month bro is crazy. Y'all. That's what it You gonna be shitty bro. But hey play game. That's my 360 a year. Yeah way bro. One even 15 KA month. I'm like shit bro, You know what you make bro. I don't care. Fuck what I make to give somebody 15 KA month. Oh nigga put on breaking kid by Raising Kids because she still wanna be a city girl.


Respect. You gotta, you gotta obtain that life nigga. You like. I if a girl told me like, hey gimme 5,000 a crib in a car. I'll fuck with that girl for sure if You getting her a house in the car. Yeah but you Thousand that you still gonna hit her. You still gonna hit her? My baby mama said gimme five beds. I crib still gonna hit her. Of course. Locked twin. It never had a house in my name. Get mad. What? Yeah, she got some rules around this motherfucker. So she have another kid up. Bitch you might have a Oh.


Oh see man this gonna now that's why we sorry. We know this is sports pride. Fuck it. All right. So you paying for the girl to live? Can't another nigga move in at the crib I bought? Yes. Boy, bird Boy your bird. Woo. That's why it's gonna be in my name. It ain't your girl. That's why it's gonna be in my name. It's my house moment. You can be wherever you wanna y'all, the moment you look I to y'all, y'all for sure. All y'all want this crib. Y'all like it? Okay. Yeah. What's, what's market? 400,000? Yeah. What's market value? You see a nigga in the ring camp You yo, what's my nigga tap in Y'all cock blocking like that bro. You got her a house to raise the kids. Yeah you don't. You not with her. She got 'cause she didn't have a man.


Yeah nigga. And you ain't got, now she's your responsibility but you're not with her no more. Yeah the house is where you and you offer her that though bro. You offer her if but nigga moving in a house. I offered her a place to stay. I need reparations. I offered her a place to stay for free. I did. I gave her that place to stay for free 'cause she wasn't capable. Y'all being selfish circumstance y can't, y'all can't control the woman like that. Y'all bro. What's not dead? My bar girl a crib in a nigga movie in that box. But you, you didn't buy it for that though. Yes I did. The reason why you bought it's 'cause she had a baby. Yeah, I gave you a place to live. 'cause you said you need to live how I live. So I bought you a $300,000 crib and it's cool and she can't have no niggas running in and out that motherfucker.


Oh. Niggas can slay bang all they want. You gotta go but you will not live here not moving but you'll not be, they a nigga will not be staying there. I'm not checking a ring camera. But nigga came over and what the moment that Yeah I'm with him. We live together. Oh. Where y'all moved to? Y'all? Y'all went to his house and they like nah we're gonna stay here. Oh this motherfucker for sale. Yeah I sold the market. Y'all going you can't have company longer than seven days. Oh yeah y'all going back. Oh my team y'all at that point you move in. Yeah pretty much. You're not a visitor if you stay here for a week Locked. If I come over to the house and get my son and I see a nigga got a closet full of clothes, You ain't down. I'm, I'm that.


I'm still crack the crack. I'm still, I'm definitely still cracking. I you her closets crazy because I'm only gonna have one baby mom. So nigga if I have another kid nigga it is gonna be with that same girl. You're still Cracking her out here living your life And she Well baby you, you ain't got no worries. Talk to her Barbie baby. You got a crib, a car and you still getting paid. Sit your ass down. Nah you ain't alone because I'm coming over other day. Lemme stop bro. Really wanted lawyer. I thought about it. No this just talk but don't be fucking weird.


What we talking about? I just feel like y'all can't cuff the crib light. Y'all can't cuff her light man. Alright. What's those sports motherfucker? We out here being fucking Maori is not your baby or whatever the fuck you said you are not the, hey y'all ever seen the one where the niggas, it was three homeboys and Maury was like she brought 'em all on there. It was like yeah you ain't the father. I know you ain't the father. Da da da. It was like three homeboys and it got to all three and none of 'em was the father. Wow. And they all was doing back flips and the worm all that shit bro. That shit was funny as hell. Thank God I was never a part of no shit like that. She said I just quit. I don't care who the baby daddy is. I don't care. They like you a hoe.


You a hoe. I was like damn dam me talking so crazy in them shows bro used to all faces but O for three is nuts. Oh for three is wild. Motherfucker going there was over for 16 go up. Can you look up on Maury the like the lady that came back like seven times. I'm gonna know when mines come out bro. My shot too crazy. Oh yeah. Your kids look just like you bro. Yeah I know that motherfucker ain't me. That motherfucker ain't got no dents in this above his lip. They ain't lying. I ain't gonna lie. Looking at my like my my brother kid, our jeans might be stronger. She came out looking just like Mo. I said damn we call her moca. She look so much like Mo. I said god damn he would never be in him allegations Shalon. Hell no.


Her name was Shalanda. Shalon. How many shaa, how many times she came on her 15 times, 15 Shada times. She how many keys she's it don't matter. You know she's testing the same one. Yeah. 18 DNA tests. God three children. God she she's wild. She her daddy gotta be dead. Y'all know the daddy name. He ended up being who was Tyrell? Tyre. T-Y-W-R-E-L-L. Ooh that's some bad lottery to win. Boy I know he was pissed. He probably was like well he got to like bro youngest two. Yeah they had to caught me on Zoom with my face off the camera. Well gotta like like like round eight then her oldest daughter, she tested 17 people.


None of them was the daddy. God damn legend. She still looking damn no this website says she's still looking looking. She still looking for the daddy. Ain't no daddy respect but it's quiet. That's like she pregnant. That's why nigga is tri hold up the latest time it was 2019 17 niggas and you. Yeah you just thought she been doing this since 2001. Look at 17 dudes. 19 D. Yeah y'all niggas gotta be careful boy. It's wicked niggas playing dangerous game. 17 niggas raw dog of her within that time span where she no her call is 17 niggas like it might be you brother. That's what I'm saying.


Baby is only take nine months. 19 tests, 19 DNA tests. If that's crazy, why would you go on Mor for this shit post road? Why Shalon? She shalon. She stood now. Yeah. Zooming on hurt you that zoom is it? I dunno her. Before we get outta here as a U season, I wanted to ask how y'all feel about like the state of like summer basketball because like it's so crazy now. Like you got more famous kids in a U than like people actually going to the league or like going D one. What's it like I know you, you pull up to every event I know you've been live with as a coach.


How do you like keep your kids heads like okay I know this is summer basketball. I know it's lit. I know it's amazing but stay locked the fuck in. I love it. I was a a U kid growing up so I played a UI love it and I know that A A U is where you get recruited for real. For real. Yeah. You gonna play high level talent, you gonna play people the same size as you if you six to eight, 16, whatever it is. I love it. The only thing that I hate about a a U basketball is that for Indiana high school basketball it don't translate 'cause we don't got shot clocks and all that shit or whatever. But, but I love it though. I love seeing these kids be able to go out there and be entertaining and be stars. Like build you a brand. 'cause now in college you gotta be a brand max.


So if you can learn how to do that early, at an early age in high school, yeah you still gotta put in the work. That's the part I don't get like people become famous and I, I'm putting the work and I not to discredit Mikey Williams or nothing, he playing for my dog Mike Bibby in Sacramento State. Yo childhood Mikey Williams, hope he get everything going but to have that much Fame and not live up to it right now. You know 'cause he going there even though he got into some trouble and shit. Whatever. But that's the kind of shit that can happen 'cause you got so much Fame. Yeah Like you start feeling yourself a little more and you feel invincible. Yeah. It's like being in the NBA at a at a young age because when you feeling you in the NBA you feel invincible. Like nothing can go wrong.


Can't nobody fuck with me. Ain't nobody do nothing. And that's when you get into that shit. Yeah. And if you getting that at a high school age, it's tough because a lot of shit go wrong in high school. Especially now you got these kids getting bags in high school. Like real, real bags different now. Yeah now that's why LeBron, they keep the main thing the main thing though. That's a fact. That's his main reason for even saying this. That's a fact. He live and die by that. I like it though. 'cause the kids really a lot of kids don't really get to showcase they real skills in 'cause to me school ball it's not whack but it's a different brand of basketball. Especially when you the star on the team like and it's a bunch of other stars around you. It's kind of hard. So to see these kids get their own au teams and rock out, I'm talking about the kids that work hard not the yeah we ain't talking about bullshit obviously.


But yeah I fuck with it for that though. And I credit even for you 'cause like obviously you was cold but like at high school like pike was loaded, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You played team ball, you did what you're supposed to do. But like hey you gotta show like I'm really this I can show my full arsenal. Yeah A a u is a place where you like you show, you show your true game at high school. It's too system. I ain't gonna say system because some people let you hoop like my senior year I got to hoop, You know what I mean? But it's like a pecking order kind of. You know what I mean? Yeah. So you, if you play a A U and you getting off at 15 u, you doing your thing, you showing your skillset. You might go to your high school and it's gonna be a dude that plays 17 senior or whatever. You might not get that same love.


Yeah. People know you cold but you might not be able to get the do all the shit you do in a U and your 15 U team because this dude 18 and he might play 17 U-E-Y-B-L you play 15. Just a difference. So You know it's a pecking order in high school. Regular high school basketball. But A A U is just where you get to show your real true self. You playing at eight in the morning. It ain't no practices, it ain't no scouting reports. It's crazy. It is just hooping and just seeing who just got raw game. But a lot of it don't translate. That's why the coldest people in a A u they don't be that good in college. Structure. Structure scouting reports force some left force some. Right. That's why it also matters where you choose to go to the next level too though.


Most definitely but it also matter when you play high school basketball because if you play a A U and you cold right And then you go to high school basketball and that team let you do whatever you wanna do. We got the best player in the world and he get to just shoot fade away threes you can do whatever fuck you want. They lose. They it don't matter. It's a highlight for this kid when he go to college and college coaches, they gonna tell you everything you want to hear to get you there. Yeah. Once you get there they don't give a fuck. Yeah some people recruit kids just so they don't gotta go against them. There's definitely a learning curve. So then when you get there and it's like well you knew how I played.


Well motherfucker we thought we could mo you. We can't mo you. Fuck it, it's over. You lost a year. Yeah And everybody hit that transfer portal and all that shit. Now your career didn't start off on a rocky road because you ain't had no discipline from your high school coach A a u. You never gonna get that discipline. It's, it ain't enough time. Yeah. Nobody gotta hold you accountable. Y'all play at eight in the morning. You play for a team that's based outta California. You live in Utah or you live in Indiana? Your team based outta Indiana. You live in Cleveland? Yep. You ain't coming to no practice, you pulling up to the games, play do your shit and leave. No that's that's for sure. And don't really giving a damn about the wins and losses. No come on now it's hard. Average of 30 though. High school and having to go to college and average four. That could be a humble, that's what's gonna truly gonna happen 'cause your coach lets you do whatever.


That's why. And not to even speak on Pike but that's why we try to simulate college atmosphere and simulate like, hey you gotta learn how to play with other good people and do all this stuff because when you get to college you ain't getting 20 shots. Yeah it's 'cause it's a senior or a junior or now a 25-year-old who been doing this for six years. That's cold Facts. You ain't about to come in as a freshman and get 20 shots and N Iel he get paid 1.2 million. He's definitely getting 20 shots. Ain't no way you take right from his touches. Let's let's be realistic after that. Yeah, not for sure man. Hey U season kicking off man. Can't wait to pull some, some events man. We be outside today you see? Shout to our, what's our new segment about to be called in the morning show on the rise.


On the rise man. I show these youngen some love man. It's a lot of talent out here. Need some exposure. We gonna do our best to make sure everybody see it For sure. Alright man, we told y'all one more time before we get outta here. 5 17, 5 20 day pull up back now man. Look at this nigga going crazy. You know what I'm saying? B he ain't tap in my boy. I told y'all bro. Deandre Hunter Brian Pumper Travis Hunter H is four. Right. You know the fucking vibes get the bros out. Four. I did wanna say one more thing before we leave. Say it bro. Shea's husband's name. Hey, she was talking about she has a husband and she's scary. Yeah. Yeah he's he's he's the father of her two youngest who she did all the tests with. What? Looking for?


I told you look, you both pulled the Jeff t lock it in. Fuck it. I tried to look at you or a fucking loser. Tyrell. Tyrell. The one I was saying about Tyrell Parker. His nickname is Mr. Pretty toenails Mr. Pretty toenails. And on that note, we will be getting the fuck outta here. Talk to Mr. Mr but we, we, we would've got cancer. No, go ahead. Hey temp. No, he's he's clearly a pimp. Y'all, he a pimp. He's clearly a pimp. They got married in a purple suit. He got a purple suit. Oh, he's gangster Mr. Pretty to net Mr Pretty to nails. Yeah, he's damn, he's pimping. I feel like he might be the reason she's not sure. We said a prostitute is crazy. I mean she probably just like the fuck babe feel.


She, he might be the reason she's not sure. That's not no fun in that when you living that life collection, live the life you wanna live. We getting the fuck outta here. We're here now. Yeah. Tell the motherfucker you on a road go to fuck one nigga 17 times opposed to telling the girl to fuck 17 niggas. I mean shit. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm encouraged that too. Like not rather you fuck one nigga two nine times. I mean no we do of course. But I'm saying a lot of girls love two shoes bro. She could have curse. Well we out here, we keep talking. What do we do? Train. Sorry about that.


She's Thomas train pbs. We The Volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old s sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush s sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter purse, sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool Rush for yourself.


Get in the zone. AutoZone. Annie's first oil change wasn't as hard as she thought because she went to AutoZone where a friendly AutoZone helped her find the right oil and save on an oil filter. He explained the job and showed her free how-tos on AutoZone dot com when she was done. AutoZone recycled her old oil for free. No hassles just help Everything you need. Nothing you don't get in the zone. AutoZone restrictions apply.


This podcast is supported by BetterHelp offering licensed therapists you can connect with via video, phone or chat. Here's BetterHelp, head of clinical operations. Hess hug Joe discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com today. That's better. HE p.com.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for Business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business. Chase for Business. Make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company, you're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.