
This ERs Colin Coward from The. Colin Coard podcast, help desk software, email tools, pipeline tracking. You don't need more tools to Get more out of your business. You just need HubSpot. They're Al on one customer platforms to dream come true for Al. Your teams generate more leads for marketing, help sales close more deals, scale service fast, then watch results and revenues soar. Visit hubspot.com to Get started today.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue, Global and Get College Credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to Get where you are. It's s time to Get The recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take The. Next step in your life and career. Make It count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're re in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com


Everybody vibes with The Al New Camry with a four mode drive switch. You're in total control of your ride Hall of Fame. Point guards don't have this level of control. And The Camry's got The Flash The match. We're talking available. 19 inch Multip spoke Alloy wheels and Chrome dual tipped exhaust. This ERs The complete package. There are no weaknesses in The Camry's game. And because every Al new Camry ERs a hybrid, its fuel efficiency ERs a difference maker for your wallet. Whatever your vibe, it's a Camry vibe. Learn more at toyota.com/camry.


Looking for a fast and comfortable head shave? Check out The Remington Balder Pro head Shaver designed to give you a smooth shave and head in under two minutes. The Balder Pro head Shaver features a Powerflex 360 degree neck and five dual track heads that pivot and contour. To ensure maximum skin contact on Al sides from The number one brand of head shavers in The us. Go to balder pro.com for 15% off today based on two day growth source rcna retail tracking service US sales 12 months ending April, 2024.


The Volume


The N FL season ERs back and underway and The action ERs always hitting up on The Field at The drafting sports book. But The big bet this time around Touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at The Draftking Sports book. The official sports betting partner of The N FL Al. New customers now ERs your chance to Get in Al The football action. New customers bet just five bucks to Get $200 in bonus bets instantly. So score big with DraftKings Sportsbook The number one place Toti bet touchdowns. Download The app today and use code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to Get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. Only th on DraftKings The Crown ERs yours Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut help ERs available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in New Hampshire, Oregon and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/ft ball NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former N NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


Alright, We back, another Episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm The host, my name ERs DJ will same gang with me to my left, my dog Bishop B. He off The Prayer least ho you What nasty. Cool and nasty. Let's Get to It baby. Another one. Another one. Hey you see my boy got The hosting bag now off The, off The forces. They just Odoo everybody a job these days. What What does The good King say What. Martin Luther King say hard work pays off. Nah, he said Get don't stand in The back of The book. Go to The Front. I don't know What. He said he lied to us. Pretty much lied to us, but it's Al good. Marty Odoo. He used to live his raps. Nah. Yeah, he told him to Get an Uber. He told he dated a. Yeah and Martin was acting like Dr. Umar for Al th ERs and nigga you was slicing The dice.


And on that white woman allegedly no one. No allegedly. No wonder why Drta Corta confirmed I watched him. Oh, critical for her. She messy. She messy. Hey everybody, let It this ERs jokes everybody let, I forgot ho I lived in The Atlanta. Listen, I love Dr. King. Shout out to The Hawks. I don't know why I said that but shout out to The King Museum. Yeah, I'm in there too. Shout to that. You went here too. I been to Memphis and went to there. So Yo What, I tell Al The civil rights leader speak of civil rights to my right white bitch. That's crazy. To my right.


My dog Young Nacho young Ho ho You What man. I'm good bro. I'm glad We could start The show up with my shit poured up. I smack The come back and smack The shit outta she told on me. You gonna Hunter you take that to The grave. Which you gonna, she made a movie about It. Yeah, I podcast wiretaps. Talking to The. Talking to The work. I mean now that's crazy. Wait, you said Bar Luther King The real Tyree more Gibson. Thought you was talking about was Jody. I thought you was saying I thought you was talking about ho with The white girl. I thought you, I was like that's that's a bar. Hell no.


Oh man I love We. Record late. Hey man, shout Mike laugh. He didn't wanna laughter He ain't got no camera name. Oh that's funny. He cheated today. He getting his bullshit off in public today. I mean in secret. Shout to The. N FL Man Tom Brady being a owner of The Raiders ERs crazy also ERs fired because It means he gets to Odoo absolutely less work in his current job. He gets paid a whole lot of money for and gets th on The team. That shit fire. No that's tough bro. I wonder ho much money you gotta have to, you know, own The team. They said he put up about 40 million to be a part of It. You got 10% right or somewhere around that area. Yeah. Damn that's tough. Well also like We said, I'm sure there was a little bit of tax on It, like The time Brady Tax.


I'm sure that price ERs a little bit different for somebody else but that's you great. Sure We gonna make It affordable. Yeah, that's a great pivot. After you had The type of career, he had facts, step The ownership. I think that's What. Brian gonna try to Odoo. I couldn't imagine having 40 million to give to somebody. Oh he had that. That was like he didn't have to check his account for that. Yeah, dreams. Nah, for sure. But you wouldn't Odoo It if you had that opportunity. Like if you had a Tom Brady career, you wouldn't want to transition to ownership. Ah for sure I would've gave, I hit The lottery for 500 million or something. I'm giving a hundred million to The Hawks. I wanna be part honor. Damn. That'd be fine. Easy. Like I want be part of this but damn for him to Odoo that, that's dope. Yeah that's hard bro.


Yeah it's dope. Yeah it's crazy. And they was comparing him, they was like damn, like The golden football on The team. But then you know What, I'm saying MJ had The wizards but you know What. I'm saying hopefully he don't draft like him 'cause yeah he had good draft picks. ho he picked Juan Dixon. Shout out to Juan Dixon. Damn he did Juan Dixon Kwame Brown over two Jared Jeffries. I don't know if he drafted Jared Jeffries had a hell of your career. I might be wrong but I think my boy Rick Emon went to The Wizards first. Did he draft him? That might be true. It might. I mean he played for The Wizards for sure. Yeah he played, I don't remember him playing nowhere else before that. We can probably fact check It but I remember I think that's one of his first draft picks. And if that, so Jordan was off to a good start. Oh yeah. Shout out to Rip. Rip Hamilton won The coaches two guards don't Get a lot of credit but nah he leave Range.


Rip Hamilton, he really played in a face mask The rest of his career. That shit hard for no reason. He was healed and just kept moving. Was Rip Rip still playing The League when you got there wasn't It? Yep, he played with my little brother man in Chicago. He gave him a big ass watch. Big dumb ass old school watch. I said nigga that was his last watch in this collection. Nigga he gave you, he gave him a Vivado. Man nigga Diamonds falling off that bitch. everything ho rocking that bitch too big. I said Odoo you got to enter The Jeweler. Get. That bitch sized up. That was The after party watch after championship. That's The one. That was at Diddy house. Oh. We ain't gonna Odoo that to was playing. That was The baby old watch kept up. I fuck I fuck with Rick man. He be at, he be liking some comments and shit sometimes Rick man like in The game bro.


He'll be talking to you. He was cool ERs hell like I fuck with Rick and he always kept some heat too. Oh his feet Game ERs crazy. Always kept some heat. Oh he Jordan athlete right? Yeah, feet Game Crazy. Oh he had The Rip used to hoop in The butt. Nakeds bro. Oyster th shoes. I like this 1716 The 16 sixteens. He rip used to hoop in The blue butt Nakeds. Oh yeah, take The. You called th The butt naked and then when But he used to, only thing I used to hate about Rip, he used to wear ankle socks. Ah damn. Yeah I used to be like damn he just pull The socks up a little bit. He, he'd be top 10 for me. What's worse Ankle socks or Nohow no shows. Mo Evans no shows Weak. Yeah because they just go on to The back of your hill don't they?


He used to flip his socks under like little kids. Yeah my foot too fat for th I need th Al The way Pull up choice. I used to wear no shows when I was little though. You ain't never done that. No shows ERs disgusting. Not hooping but like y'all ain't never when I was little. Oh yeah Al The time. Nah my momma Get mad me walking around The house or th when I, I used to wear my socks low like that when I was wearing no shows ERs like where like The bitches used to wear The balls on The back th on The socks. The colorful balls on The Kwi. Yeah bro y'all outta pocket for wearing no shows bro right? Nah yeah that ERs a vicious sock bro. It's one thing to wear th in public you really out of pocket. But to go play in The professional N B a game and no shows ERs crazy. We definitely did It. That's why Get you some mid links bro Cruise bro.


Cruise socks only bro. You definitely did It only OGs can Get away with Air Forces and, and and goddamn ankle socks in The summer bro. I'm on that wave now. I'm og. Right that's that's a nasty wave to be a part of. I don't Odoo that bro. I mean I'm old now. You not wearing The, Al White. What's hat? This bro with some, with some ankles bro. I don't wear forces in The summer anyway. I only wear 'em with pants. I don't wear 'em with shorts. But I'm saying either. Either way you don't need to be having on no ankle size bro. When y'all say Ankles they're talking about like The quarter size nigga. He niggas nigga start asking question. You should, you should see his Fitch. They start feeling Guc. You should see him. You should see him in Vegas. Shout to The Little no We gotta a running joke though so I'm The cheapest nigga on The podcast Right.


Yeah I would say I'm probably The cheapest nigga. Me We me and you are like in a running debate. Nah because I wore my same Balenciaga shirt. Oh yeah I bought a Balenciaga shirt guy for What was It six $700 and I told th everywhere We go this shirt ERs gonna be wor until I feel like I got six, $700 worth of It. Now you wore that bitch on every stop. Every fucking trip I had that Balenciaga shirt and they like every time I pull It out, take that bitch to The cleaner that will back that motherfucker right back up. Oh you gonna put It in The Raptors? Yeah I, I, I retired It now he retired It for me. She said I see this motherfucking shirt. Mike was wild in Vegas though. He had on on y'all made th Bobby Valentino pants, Lulu Lemon It was Lopez.


Bobby Valentino had on when he was running after The room. ho was running from Be ho running. Scotty ho was running Little Scotty. Little Scotty with The We. I thought you was gonna say they be watching a show. Shit I'm turned up today because I was late. I was late to work y'all. So that's What. Everybody has had some of this podcasts and niggas that wanted to retire like I left my black force in Vegas. Like they, they stayed there with that unopened bottle of XO that well they had my nigga DJ drinking Jose Quavo in Vegas. ho allegedly.


Oh I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. Shout The tricky. Nick. Nick, that's Nick. That's Nick Odoo. That's ne Young ne that nigga looked Neo, that nigga looked like ne nigga took their hat off. I said What The fuck you bald What The. Fuck It was like It stopped in yard Damn Neo bald. Nah bro. Nick looked like Terrell Brandon bro Odoo on my mama he Odoo Vegas showed me The real dick bro. I was like nigga he took your hat off bro. You look, you got The okay ne stuff. Your Odoo have some wave under that fucker. You said he half you? Yeah stuff to your damn most niggas they wear they hair, hair like they had balled up. You could tell though that they bald. I don't know ho you didn't notice that bro.


I wasn't paying no attention to that nigga. I just knew you was strong. I'm like this nigga strong ass camera man. Shout to tricky Nick. Man that's funny. ERs hell ho fuck with Nick though. We was in there turn with Nick for sure. Hey speaking of Vegas, it's gonna be crazy 'cause at one point Tom Brady gonna have ownership of The Raiders in LeBron gonna have an N. B a team there gonna be pretty dope. That's gonna be crazy. That's gonna be pretty dope. I probably move to Vegas about that time. Are you gonna lock in? Yeah me and Brian We got, We got something brewing. Y'all okay ho many y'all think it'll take for N B team in Vegas. Fuck We talking about I'm I'm manifesting right now boy. Nigga kill me when they want.


Wait till We talk about bro. Later in The show. We'll see. Shit. We gonna sign you. Ah bro he's The most lit. 55th pick ever. Whatcha talking about? Oh Lord What you was saying bro. Nah, I just, I was about to ask you ho long y'all think it'll take for N? B a team to really kind of Odoo well out there in Vegas expansion. Yeah he said 2027. I mean yeah they said it's gonna have an expansion team 2027. Yep. Okay. And I don't know ho if It happens with this one or if it's down The line but bro Seattle needs a team again. I think it's gonna be Seattle before Vegas though, to be honest with you. 'cause I mean they just We did The exhibition game there. Yep. Great, great Crowd. City It ERs a great city. I've been to Seattle a couple times. It's a great city. Yeah they're a real basketball city. Basketball city Legends that played out of there.


That's gonna be, I like Vegas more for a basketball team. Me personally That move Memphis and yeah move Memphis and New Orleans. Eastern. Conference? Nah. Yeah I ain't been to Memphis. Can't move Memphis to The Eastern Eastern Conference. Oh you can move to The. I thought you meant like leave Memphis. Oh hell no. Al about say they fan base ERs real bro. Nah, nah nah nigga they used to, they used to play Whoop that trick bro. Whoop that trick. The whole crowd would be singing that shit. Shit. We used to be I be on The bench. Zebo ears. Yeah I would be on The bench crying nigga. Damn The whole crowd whoop that trick. Seeing white people see that It ERs funny ERs hell trick. I swear to God everybody in The whole stands and I just be sitting there. It ERs a vibe when you playing Memphis. I swear to God Hotel ain't shit keep It a being with you.


Yeah. Worst hotel in The League. th in Oklahoma City hotels are trash but The play in Memphis. Nah it's a vibe like The Crowd ERs great. They food, they got Bombass food there. The Hotels just shitty and Bill Street. Right by The Arena. Yeah Food fired though. I ain't gonna lie. Memphis got some heat food you was playing when they had The Real like The Real Griffiths scene. They had OJ Mike Zebo Matt for sure. Yeah Marcus, Saul. They had a whip squad. Ta had a squad It was was Rudy Gay there? Yep I played when Rudy was there I was, I played when Rudy was there, that was Rudy Gate first $80 million deal right there. Yep. I played when he was there he was killing OJ Average 20 that year.


18. I mean that's a rookie right. They got super good when they traded I I fuck with Juice but when they traded oj Oh bro It was up. Yeah because Zebo wasn't there. He was there with oj but like when Zebo became like when OJ left and Zebo became like The staple The guy on The team. Yeah The focal Point. It was a tough outing bro. That was a tough front court with him. Mark. He used to have Boy Zebo come on The show boy he'd be 40 deep in that motherfucker Strong. Oh yeah We know ho ho He was ho. I used to be like yeah Indiana legend facts. Memphis ERs damn near The career for him. Crib for sure. Hey also he got one of The most underrated M C V Cribs episodes.


Zebo MCV cribs Episode fired. Pull tape The pull Zebo. I'm gonna keep you me. Your pull table ERs crazy if you know, you know if you know, you know your pull table. That's a funny, a It ERs a legendary pull table. Yeah when Zebo come on We gotta talk about The cell phone. What's cell phone? He still got It bro. The flip phone, The little cell phone The flip phone picture that went out bro. That they made The thing. You didn't see that bro. He had a, he had a flip phone for like 2018. Oh he still trapping What, We We talking about nah my boy, he still, he's still cooking. He still cooking. Shout to Zebo man. Not not Cook It like I shouldn't y nigga still working like I don't know. Let's Get away from him bro. Yeah, yeah he just had a a random ass flip phone when God damn touch phones was out heavy.


Just pull that bitch out if you know, you know. Yeah Devonte Adams back with Aaron Rogers ERs crazy. Aaron Rogers Flex Stone Niggas again. They was like we're not moving him for less than The second round pick basically. And they definitely moved him for a third with some conditions attached to It basically. But that's crazy that he ERs a jet. I don't even, I don't even know if I could say congratulations 'cause I don't know if he went to a better team or not. He didn't, he didn't Bro ain't to play with The guys. He, he honestly just want to Get his receiving yards and looks and touches so he can keep trying to build on his resume. Yeah because they not about to win shit. Oh no, no, no, no. Especially What just happened to th they fired coach bro.


Y'all not in a position to Nah but It would be funny if you went out there and fucking killed. He gonna kill him and Aaron. Roger gonna be playing catch. That's gonna be crazy. They gonna start running they Al day old shit from him Green Bay. Fuck The coaches like we're running that one shit. We used to run at Green Bay and It ERs funny because We Odoo talk about him on Pat McAfee show, you know What I'm saying And he popped right back up on there. Look ho I got, they was on Twitter talking about he stayed The night in this house and shit. I just don't like ho he Get your ass like I ain't like that Like nah he supposed to be like I got a special guest. You know something he just told a nigga. I ain't like that He be, he be on everybody though because that's ho I Odoo my oh respect guys.


Nah, but for real though. You Odoo that if if We on, if We on FaceTime and I did you like this? Come here man. Yeah that's kind of crazy. Yeah like man I been like I got my nigga beat here with me like yeah introduce me. Don't don't Odoo that. Yeah don't don't nigga Lil boy me. I had to say It, I feel What. Y'all saying though, if it's like that then yeah it's fucked up.


This ERs Colin Coward from The. Colin Cowherd podcast help desk software, email tools, pipeline tracking. You don't need more tools to Get more out of your business. You just need HubSpot. They're Al on one customer platforms and Dream come true for Al your teams with easy to set up campaigns and workflows to generate more leads for marketing best in class pipeline management to help sales close more deals. Powerful AI chatbots and a knowledge base to help service teams scale. HubSpot ERs built to deliver results and revenue faster to help your business grow. So dump The, disconnected tools and The chaos that comes with th discover What. HubSpot's Al on one platform can Odoo to streamline your business. Visit hubspot.com to Get started today.


What's popping Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're re in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you For more. check out Bose dot com.


Looking for a fast and comfortable head shave. Check out The Remington Balder Pro head Shaver designed to give you a smooth shaving head in under two minutes. The Balder Pro Head Shaver features a Powerflex 360 degree neck and five dual track heads that pivot and contour to ensure maximum skin contact on Al sides. It's 100% waterproof so you can use It with foam in The shower or dry. And ERs super easy to clean because The Cut Hair collects in The Chamber underneath The Shaver Heads The Balder Pro ERs backed by a five year limited warranty for guaranteed durability and The Lithium Rechargeable Battery delivers up to 50 minutes of cordless run time from The number one brand of head shavers in The us. Go to balder pro.com for 15% off today. That's balder pro.com for 15% off based on two day growth source rcna retail tracking service US sales 12 months ending April, 2024.


I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling The Lucky Land Hotline. If you feel like you Odoo The same thing every day, press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for The chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear so go to lucky land slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get Lucky today@luckylandsslots.com No purchase necessary. B GW Group Void or Prohibited by Law 18 plus Terms and conditions Supply


The 2024 presidential election is here. M S N B. C has The in depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on The ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow And. our decision 2024 team will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election. Tuesday November fifth on B C


Ho Ho about Angelice though doing her thing. What thing she doing We went live and basically was talking about you know like shit she was just, I guess she was just on live and she was like shit I don't even know What my salary ERs. Her and her friend talk. She's like shit my my rent AK a month. She pays eight KA month. Where Odoo you live in Chicago, that's 8,000. She's out of pocket if she lives in Chicago. I'm about to call her. You can't be paying eight KA month. Yeah because she was like, she was like I don't even know What my salary ERs. Her friend was like oh you make like 70,000. She was like oh I can't even pay one bill What that. I was like damn he was me. For real but I mean live your life Queen like go crazy but but don't shit on your, you know ho much you make from The W B.


Yeah like don't Odoo that. Nah you shit on It please Odoo. It's only 73,000 shit on It but you know ho much money you make. Oh she definitely making way more off The Court. It It ERs obvious bro. Ain't no offense but like somebody should tell her like eight k ERs crazy. I'm gonna be one to tell you my dumb ass was doing that in Minnesota. Ad ERs not The move ho much Odoo you pay in Minnesota. Eight k. Damn. Where you at D Ross was at so I can't imagine What he was paying so she literally can't pay her mortgage though or Yeah but it's like I was paying AK and that was just The dumbest shit ever. I wish I would've been paying like 2,500 'cause especially What you lived in? Yeah and my shit was hard.


I thought. I thought but nah I thought that was where you had The small joint. Oh that was Milwaukee. That was, I was, I mix th up was paying, I learned I was paying 800. Oh okay. Not eight K 800. Okay. Money K my nigga was on, he was on 10 in Milwaukee but in Minnesota my shit was fired. It was lit but It was like for What. It was me also I was paying eight k for What. That's privilege because nowhere else in America can you make less than ho much a rent ERs a year and still Get approved. When they look at her pay stubs you need at least three times nowadays she likes less than one. That's crazy. I mean obviously she got end endorsement money so she can afford It but that's funny ERs hell yeah that's fuck 8,000 boy that motherfucker better be a vibe. Yeah but you ain't, I don't even know her life so I'm not speaking but I'm assuming you're not in Chicago like that.


Yeah because you're only there probably four months. Five you only there for three or four months. Ain't only played 14 games. So I'm imagine she probably going and I heard it's a league in Miami. Am I wrong? Yeah they starting to open on robbery. Yeah We going so I'm pretty sure she gonna be living somewhere else soon. So I Odoo, I mean she might be just rent It for three months, four months which ERs cool but if she's renting It for The year. Yeah I would tell her probably to come on down to that 2,500. Oh yeah you know What I mean something a little more respectful. I think The thing that's funny about It 'cause I think she came out and said that because everybody has seen her move around. A lot of people saying she's too Mixy basically saying she's like Al this ERs ho I live, I endorse The money, The other things. I Odoo off The course ho I Get paid. Which ERs What a thousand percent True.


Yeah but kind of move with little better tact right now 'cause that interview with her and Kayla Nicole and shout out to Kayla Nicole support of The show. No not a fan that that that convers conversation ERs not a good look. When she said I won't go 50 50, I was like Kayla Nicole said that I she watched this shit. Yeah you watch this. Yeah you outta pocket. Yeah you she's outta pocket Can't go 50 50 with no old. But listen, I I Get What you're saying 'cause most men probably gonna take care of The bills. Yeah but you can't say that like let us Odoo that. Like if you, that's Al I be saying bro, before I meet you and you tell me I ain't going 50, I never nigga I go down bad, I lose everything shit fucked up and my mind already know.


Damn it's over. She gone. That's a hundred percent bro. I'm nothing. Yeah, yeah that's What. I be saying just let me find that out before like on my own I better Get to know a motherfucker y'all keep meeting motherfuckers on eHarmony and getting married. The next day God damnit put a motherfucker cable Michelle what's her name call but now I respect call her Kate Michelle. That's crazy. I see It I been watching back Shout The Honcho raise man Honcho fuck with Keisha Cole. Get on Honcho.


Hey look since attempt you try Get It line up. Nah but for real though. Don't tell don't tell a man that you ain't going 50 50. Nah you gotta let him find that out. Yeah. Oh God. Don't tell me before a lot of shit ain't supposed to be said while We dating in The beginning bro. Bro you don't wanna hear that The first date but you can't say that. You think I put I look like I go 50 50 and you dated Travis Kelsey and now he dates a billionaire. Yeah that just don't look right. You lost. Oh you definitely lost that. Yeah like that's tough. He didn't lose you lost he went full back to It too. Nigga got a half mustache. You uncle Gold teeth nigga started looking like Brooks little guy Robin thick to Gar Brooks.


Oh God you nigga Robin ho The Garth Brooks nigga. Oh they went from asking did he invent The Fade to must T k definitely listen to nineties R B man What It was with her. Yeah on God that nigga don't listen to that nothing R and B that nigga he doing The whole day. That nigga got my pickup truck. That nigga had a Benz to my pickup. That nigga he live ERs nice. He couldn't wait because th offroad tires that nigga went straight back boy. Yeah that ERs funny. She had my nigga in a coup. He ain't touch that he started hanging with his brother again. Wanna fuck with his brother at first. That nigga funny, that nigga started fuck with his brother again.


Nah but I you bring her around. That's some real shit though. 'cause I think most men think about that though. Like damn if I Odoo Get damn bad Ken I letting It take, you know take over The field until I Get Get back. Right until you been right because I feel like women put a, when a Odoo lose a job I feel like a woman put a time limit on It you on a tick and time bomb. Probably but I think you on like a three month run shit. You say three That's why I married ho I married. Fuck tell me I'm on time line shit I'm just gonna be single. But see that's some shit that ain't ain't said though. And I ain't saying P on that. I'm not saying that at Al but I'm just saying I think women just be like ho bitch no I We had that conversation. This nigga still ain't got no job. I'm talking about when they talk to they friends I had that conversation.


Yeah What about I lose everything. Could you still fuck with me? She said I don't need you. That's a vibe. I fuck with that. Nah. Yeah I don't need you. Okay shout out to PT Z For sure. Said What about I have to work for your company. I put some more, fuck I started that list of shit together. I Get The Studio. Right. You gotta speak Spanish bro. Sorry. Fuck you. Now he on some bullshit. Listen because you be talking about It you like bro I be trying to talk to him but they don't understand me so I'm like you gotta talk to why he always bringing my personal shit up bro. Well he on bro. I ain't say nothing about his family bro.


I'm just saying Mike bro. What We doing bro. Al, I asked him was to bring The rug Odoo. I didn't know What to say bro. He said up way I wife every day. I don't say nothing bro. I see his wife every day. I don't say nothing bro. I just wave and now he make a joke Al. Right. I know What talking about P talking about The people that you said working for a company. Nah bro, I see your wife every day. Her employees bro. I be coming to The school every What her employees bro. Jeff was like nigga was trying to take The rug down. He kept doing Jeff like this. He like Odoo. No he wasn't Odoo. No he wasn't bro. I can say, I can say downstairs ERs Spanish bro. The fuck you talking about?


You wanted me to say under God Black outta pocket this ERs brought to you by Trap Keys. I swear to God P Get on this nigga ass man. P I'm telling you because I be, I just weigh that shit every time at school what's going on. But it's not about P bro. I'm just saying you tra I transitioned that because you said you wanted to work for a company just in case shit got bad. I don't wanna work for working myself. I would Motherfucker shout to th man you gotta kick It with The game. I Odoo kick It with 'em. You can't be on there just shaking your head like I Odoo shout they they, they no hands. So you say it's a 90 day rule. 90 day that's that's that's What shot clock. Nah, I really Odoo feel like that women have a time. We got more of a Grace. It's men We kinda like damn you lost your job.


It's cool. We don't even give a fuck Honestly if you lose your job, We don't really give a fuck. We be like damn. Anyway you know What, I mean like these bills gonna Get paid regardless but 100 it's cool if you got your shit but It just, and It depends on What type of work. Your lady Odoo though because if she lost a good job that she be working at for 10 ERs you gonna have to treat that different more. So The girls just got fired from at T? No, no disrespect. I just went to at T. No dis No I'm just saying though that's What. I did, I went to Xfinity my, I don't know why. I'm just saying though. It ain't no disrespect to nobody that work at T. Xfinity I me you got a problem. I I would work with y'all but listen We go work with me.


Work with me. You didn't Get that modem did you? I did. Okay. That wasn't even my fucking problem. I got a deeper problem. I got it's from The Roots. I don't know where this motherfucker problem at. I got The Modem put It together. You know What Xfinity. Y'all need to talk to me. We got a platform I can make jokes about y'all or y'all can fuck with me ERs. You ERs or ERs. You so ho Nigga you think ERs make a Odoo. I was just talking shit. But I would love to work with y'all but for real Lock I been trying to play 2K for three days.


Ain't mad about th two We Detroit movies man. Yeah, I I to watch, I've been trying to watch some shit. Two kt watch Slug Love and my internet been out for three days. Plug th two fire too. But anyway X 50 Champion man Teague ERs going through It at The crib. Man he can't Get streaming money. Please fuck with me. Hey man Bronny this ERs your time. You trying to sign to The James family, you know What I'm saying on The cover of Men's Health. Oh he was on The cover of Men's Health. He was on The cover. I knew that. See that's that's out of pocket. Why? Why It outta pocket bro? No, no, no, no, no. And I'm not saying nothing about bro because bro run It up bro. You facts like these people owe us so much money bro.


Tap in God. I'm just saying ERs ERs that ERs We looking at that. That's like they gave The gender dude man of The year. When he turned a new Leaf Woman of The year woman a year woman of The year. Yeah Woman of The year. My bad. Well he went back right? No you can't go back. I can't keep It. He at one point he went back he got titties bro he can't go back. Right. So now just stay over there. Yeah but you can't that's dis dis disrespect disrespecting our our women though. Yeah like you know What I'm saying so I don't think, yeah, I don't think that's a vibe for real. Like that's like a girl getting on Ozempic and saying hey y'all lose weight. The right way hit The Gym Odoo, Al this shit like oh that's Instagram fact.


Joe just said he was on Ozempic. Don't Odoo that. Excuse me. What. He said It was for diabetes so damn. I mean real. It's a real thing. That's What. It's for Yeah it's real for oh Ozempic ERs. We ain't seen Booy with It. Why The? Fuck I ain't got more family members built like Bucha ho much ERs Ozempic. I'm about to start getting some new money so you can't just go buy It to CBS. That's a Christmas gift. Goddammit. What. Oh Ing What's that A shot What ERs. ERs It a shot ERs It ERs It liquid ERs. It? Yeah they say it's a needle. Man I hope you can't pour It up. It a needle man. Yeah We gotta tap It. I gotta start five heartbeat motherfuckers in The family bro. I got my phone right now.


This nigga stupid. My cousin got diabetes biggest ERs Fuck And you know when you got diabetes they tell you nigga no catfish, no fried foods Chill. So if Al they gotta Odoo ERs take The zip shit let The fish fry continue. You gonna kill this nigga. Come Man cool. No that's crazy. Shout out to bro man. Nah Get well soon though bro. What y'all think about The year he going to have, he's starting off slow. He's playing game one. He's playing game one. I hope he plays but JJ throw him in It. It's pretty quiet The year he going to have yeah taking It under. Yeah give a real coaches like What he can Odoo to be successful.


He can go in there and guard. He probably play two minutes, two minutes a half. He gonna Get in there guard at The end of a quarter and play hard. But What he gonna contribute to The team probably not much this year. Yeah okay. And you could tell like he said like last game shot one for nine, he nervous ERs hell here he got a hell of expectation like you Get What was talking about for The 55th pick bro that's a lot Expectation We know you Brody James, everybody feel ho. They feel about ho you got The league don't fucking matter 'cause you're there now running that shit up. But yeah he got a lot of pressure. I think if he gets a little bit more comfortable he could probably be able to contribute. I don't know ho much but it'd probably be better than this now he a nervous wreck man. Yeah I mean I room for you nasty. And he's still a kid too. A lot of people are forgetting that too.


Get healthy man. Get. Well What, y'all think about The back to backs that Joelle and Paul George said they not doing It ERs that hurting The team or helping th team. Paul George said he not doing It too. Yeah Bose of th Yeah. Oh that's that's they're not gonna be on any Al. N B a teams DePaul drills actually announced It. I think they said one of The coaches said he's probably not gonna Odoo It either. But it's, I don't think PG announced It but if that's What The team ERs on about say that's What they, I don't think he officially, like I said, they not top four in The East so don't worry about It. They, I don't think this ERs a year they can afford to slack off. I mean not to say I, I got The Max deal. I slack off y'all know ho Rock. I got three ERs something and I, I retired ERs soon. ERs I signed pretty much was done. Well that's It.


Yep. Yep. Pretty much solidified my life. Retirement pretty much. Okay now. Nah What y'all think that's gonna Odoo for th though? It gonna I think think it's gonna hurt 'em. It's gonna hurt because they gonna need a record this year. The East ERs ERs good. You gonna need th deferential ERs gonna hurt. I mean they got some guys that can replace. That might help though. They got Andre Drummond, they got Kelly Uber. They got Eric go Martin too. Yeah, Martin. Ooh yeah Kayla Martin's a big pickup so yeah I think they still smooth out east East ERs wicked this year for sure. Sure. But I think th having th backs up give th a chance to still Get some of th wins on that back The back that you wouldn't think you could Get for sure. And most importantly, like you said, alright record cool one to two games ain't worth nobody. Health We need postseason. That's really We definitely need post season. This team ERs has Eastern Conference finals championship aspirations.


So Facts. Yeah they gotta, they gotta have everybody Will that happen to be The determined about Matchups? 'cause It could Get spooky, I think they match up well with certain teams and there's other teams. I don't think they match. I think they match up great with The Celtics to be honest. They match up great with The Celtics. I Joel m B ERs The X Factor 'cause nobody on their team can fuck with Joel m B But It depends ho Joel m B gonna play and It depends on health but they deep I'm still taking The Celtics. Yeah I'm still taking The assess but I think like you said match up wise I wouldn't be surprised if niggas ERs beat him throughout The season. Yeah Facts. I could see Philly beat New York. Yeah. Hell yeah I could see Philly beat New. Ain't no big man ho The fuck Gun go beat Ka. Oh my. No disrespect to my nigga Ka Kat you know ho Ka there bro.


But Kat be Fallon, Kat can't guard well and be by, they gonna have to double team. Oh that's What. He just literally too strong. Yeah and that's not no knock to cat. Nah, I mean Joe and B's just a MVP every year basically he fucking two almost 300 pounds bro. It's just, yeah bro. He's that first five with The. S got a solid though and It matches up. Yeah if they click bro early. That's a scary team. And I think like you said bro, I think they gonna end up getting another big, I think at some point maybe in a buyout situation, even if they wait that long they gonna end up getting another big bro. I wouldn't be surprised if Rob Williams came back. That ERs a great fucking call. I wouldn't be surprised. That's a great call. I see Rob Williams come back. Yeah I could see him trading for Rob Williams. He's on The market.


Hell yeah Detroit, I mean Portland. I'm about to play him so I could see him coming back to Boston. That'd be a great pickup for th of course The delusional Lakers fans was thinking like Robert Williams would be there. That'd be great for th too but Rob Williams might going back to The Boston. He familiar with The system. He know Al The guys Seamless Fitch and he's already on The trade market and Boston seem not to give a fuck about money. Yeah they seem like they'll pay whatever tax going on anyway so hey that's gotta be fired to win at on The team ho. Really don't give a fuck right now by cashing out. Yeah because everybody got paid because of The team for sale anyway so that fucks don't give a fuck. That's somebody else debt. Yeah, don't give a fuck. Nah for sure. Shout out to my boy Zo too stand no business at Al time.


Nasty. Hey beef for tears man. That's my nigga man. But hold on, Tiz ERs my nigga too. So I told him he can't give you disrespecting my nigga Tiz but I called Dante after that. He funny ERs Hell and It still stands right. I'm on that. Nah he wasn't even, It wasn't even about that. He just It It It was really Al love. He he really joking. It ERs love. But it's funny like he laughing like when I called him he laughing. Yeah. He like Man you stupid ERs, hell don't talk about me on The podcast. I said boy you know I'm about to talk about you boy that's What. That's What you did It for? Yeah, I said What you think I called you for y'all brought up The cameras, these ERs The real cameras. Yeah. Like, but nah, shout to Dante. You gonna have a good year there. He said he fucking with Minnesota. He said it's cool Vibe ERs nice but he was like nah that was just Al love We just talking shit.


We joking. Really? That's good for The game man. Yeah, good for, I ain't gonna hold you. I mean We said We had to see ho It works but I'm, I'm starting to come around to The people ho are saying that that Julius Randle a shit really gonna be crazy. I like It. I'm, I'm buying into It. I'm buying stocking It out. I'm not, I'm buying stocking It man. I like It bro. I got they own play. They ain't played I, that's why I'm bonding now before I even, I even see I'm gonna fuck with It on The floor bro. I got, I need, I need five games. I'll tell you I We talk about It after five games. I can tell y'all What it's gonna look like For real. What's your biggest issue? Shooting. Okay. A he can shoot. He he ain't a shooter. Yeah, he can make shots. Julius Reynolds not a shooter. He can make shots. Right. I got you. Kat was a shooter.


That's my biggest issue. They brought in a shooter. Dante can shoot but that pick and roll a little different when it's ae and Ka popping facts bro. You know What, I mean that's a fact. Yeah It ERs a little different. That's a So now you still and they still got Rudy go bear. He not shooting shit. Yeah So shot. So if I'm a coach and We clogging that paint, I know We got 3D three but shit, I'm, if Randall hitting threes then it's a problem. But if he ain't hitting threes he in The way. Damn near or go. He might clogg The Peanut but I just think he played on The Perimeter a lot out there in New York when he was healthy. Yeah but he would play with The Ball and you know What, he need The Pill and for sure he need that rock.


He need The pill. Yeah, so I, I'm in The rest of The. See though It could work. I would like, I would like to see Na Reed and, and Julius Randle go crazy at The four and five. Like obviously Rudy gonna have that time. But to close games out th two 'cause Nas re versatility at The five with th because he, because you almost can play Randall at a five kind of not he's opposite. He's better than a, he's a more versatile five but and Re's very versatile. Nas can really shoot. So they Odoo that now We got a different dynamic for sure. But if it's Rudy Gold, good luck. Damn Gonna be crazy. Hey man, your boy Mark Cooper man on The move up in Buffalo. Mm Josh Allen he better, they'll be cool.


He better than Stefon Diggs. So We straight, oh excuse me, What, he Mark Cooper, him and Stefan Diggs ERs neck and neck. I'm Wildling, I'm just playing. I say I focus Stefon dick because he fucking hos but I let Odoo shit. Nah It ERs What It ERs bro. You ain't wearing th outfits just 'cause he well he my favorite receiver but I'm just, I'm just saying like I'm sure they production probably very similar number two cold bro. I'm already cold but yeah. ERs a Cowboys fan always respect for Omar. Yeah but like him being in Cleveland like I fucked with Deshaun Watson. That was my favorite quarterback until recently. Like from Clemson to when he was in Texas, Houston I was, man I, that was my guy.


I know he been struggling lately or whatever. You know our guy play for The Browns Deon Jones. So We be watching The games and he been struggling so Mark Cooper ain't really had no quarterback in a couple ERs so now they Get with Josh Allen. Shit he might be back to his old ways also. Cleveland's trying to shed money too. It ERs pretty apparent they trying to come off The books. Shit ain't got no choice. They gave Al The money to a person. Big Odoo d walked The goal for that. Nah, he was cold but I locked It in locked It in bro. Nigga you was, he was supposed to Get that money. He was, nah he was bro, but to, to beat What was up against him bro. You a legend bro. That's different bro. To Get, The biggest contract in N NFL history after beating allegations ERs. I ain't gonna lie. No N NFL did he beat that?


It's between him and Diddy. If Diddy beat What he got going on. Yeah Diddy, Diddy would have to beat this and come back and make making The band to Odoo. What Deshaun Watson. Did Diddy beat this though? It's over bro. Done Odoo, it's over. Yeah, I'm I'm gonna agree it's over. Phillip, I'm glad you bought th 25th anniversary Bad boy reunion tickets bro. When We went bro, 'cause It It would be no more. They said you was in there yelling What you like let's go like damn you yelling let's go. Nah, Kim was up there. Oh. Oh fuck which one? Yeah one looked like Miss Piggy she was up there. I had a flashback to The 92 with her with The motherfucking Cchi ru print.


So however she looked those days I took It back. You know why I, you know why I love Lil Kim. She told me when I was little she could make this disappear in her mouth. Whoa, you don't remember that? I ain't hear that more I could make a Sprite can disappear in my mouth. Wow. Wow. Lil Kim I wasn't even old enough. I was just saying ho to make The sword disappear crazy. The mic just pulled th lyrics. Yeah she she said It. I said ain't you lying bro. I said I ain't heard that one. Damn Kim was on The jump off.


Yeah jump off was one of my shit used. Kim was a motherfucker. I used to literally love Lil Kim like I thought she was so fine like she was bro. I thought she was like The shit. Like if We coulda had like original Lil Kim now It would be over for a lot of female rappers. I thought Lil Kim was The fine shit ever like man oh my god she had to be The first OG talking that type of shit on The rap. Yeah bro she was The pioneering that bro. Mc mc light was not on that. She was rapping like Common. Yeah Salt and pepper. They was scared to hoe they was hip to hop to hit me today. Nah Salt Pepper was What a man with a man. With a man. Oh they was a group?


Yeah they was wild. I'm talking about just The. Doy like yeah What What a man with a man with a mighty good man that don't hit like that. Nah you gotta listen to What. They said in th songs though they was was wilding a little bit but Lil Kim was wild. Lil Kim was sexy red bro. Yeah I used to love Lil Kim bro. What I'm saying if I coulda had picked a girl when I was growing up besides Sable The wrestler chick, I was gonna pick Lil Kim It was between th two. Yeah Lil Kim 'cause I you had a dark life. I had a freaky life. I liked The shit she was saying and then like damn, hey Sable was hard choosing choosing that type of rapper and a bitch. ho Odoo, Odoo body slams everything nigga she wouldn't ho Odoo body slams.


She wasn't body slamming nigga. She was Odoo Playboy nigga that motherfucker Playboy my nigga mental It more man rap this shit We gotta guess babe. I'm gonna tap into a therapist wrap this show What bro. That's a wild You or no category? Nah Lil Kim Facebook It ERs Elite here actually off The Road. Shout to The Wick man Doc on Netflix tap in he ain't even tap in right He he ERs Paul Ner Man that take th minute too to Get. This Mcma was supposed to Travis Kel that one he that opportunity Travis Kel too much. That's why he ended up with allegations. Well ho that nigga just disappear though.


Why he ain't in jail? I don't know bro. I just black money bro. Tough bro. I'm just gonna say yeah We can't disappear bro. It's over. Bitch McMahon ERs when We disappear We don't, he got a new face and everything bro. He got a face. B B O that nigga The goat, that shit ERs crazy. He look Mexican now. I didn't don't even that nigga look like Eduardo, that nigga mustache ERs crazier than mine. Like ho come from Caucasian to Mexican bro That shit ERs wild bitch The go bro. You don't even look The. Same bro. But look at, look at bro. That nigga took any for life look like their granddaddy. Dennis Menace. That's Vincent. That's Vincent Al. Mcma time. Vincent Al McMahon That nigga looks crazy.


Oh man, that's The. Yeah, that's a definitely a zoo, Vince, for sure. Yeah. That nigga ERs out of pocket, bro. Be here and tell people that. Grab some birch hat man. Shop Club five 20 Odoo com. Baby check out Club 5 25 20 in The am coming soon. The Volume.


Hi, it's Colin. I just discovered J Lab headphones and I am totally hooked. J Lab imagines and delivers personal tech headphones, earbuds and office accessories that consumers want. Try The J Buds, Lux over ear headphones for noise canceling travel. Discover your perfect pair of headphones. Look for The J Lab, blue Box at Target, Walmart Best Buy and more, or visit j lab.com.


What's popping Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're re in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you Feel good enough to go out there and play. you turn on that switch. no one can stop you for more, check out Bose dot com.


Looking For a fast and comfortable head shave? Check out The Remington Balder Pro head Shaver designed to give you a smooth shaving head in under two minutes. The Balder Pro head Shaver features a Powerflex 360 degree neck and five dual track heads that pivot and contour. To ensure maximum skin contact on Al sides from The number one brand of head shaver in The us. Go to balder pro.com for 15% off today based on two day growth source rcna retail tracking service, US sales, 12 months ending April, 2024.


You slept through your alarm, missed The train and your breakfast sandwich. Ugh, cold. Sounds like you could use some luck. I'm Victoria Cash and Lucky Land ERs where people go every day to Get. Lucky. At Lucky Land, you can play over a hundred casino style games for free. For your chance to redeem some serious prizes, go to lucky land slots.com and Get. Lucky today, no purchase necessary. VGW Group FOD We prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


ODU ERs business management made so simple a kid could explain It. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs, but odu, funny word has every program from C RM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but It doesn't. So you should use Odoo because they save you money. Odoo makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's ODOO Odoo com.


Good job. Thanks.