
This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you Chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones, you go to eBay score all your once in a Blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic streetwear. The experts verify accessories to match Lake Timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you could wear At once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Listen, business is booming and when business is booming, that means five 20 is on the road. And I'll tell you what, our last business trip to Denver, it was a game changer being able to stay in the Airbnb. Normally we in the hotel, different floors, obviously different rooms. This time around we all got to kick it in the living room, be him with chefing up in the kitchen. And at the same time we got to have our space in our rooms to unwind and get ready for the next day. So if you're going outta town, handling a business, or even seeing somebody you love, make sure you choose Airbnb.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video wide open this week. It's an NFC South Clash. As the Tampa Bay Buccaneers take off the Atlanta Falcons Heck of a drone, not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Buccaneers and Falcons Thursday own on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for detail.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear Buds to have good sound on it. To be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For More, check out bose.com.


The Volume.


The NFL season is back and underway and the action is always hitting up on the field at the Draftking Sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draftking Sports Book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL All new customers. Now is your chance to get in all the football action. New customers bet just five bucks to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. So score big for Draft King Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Download the app today and use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks on the on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and YY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age in eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in New Hampshire, Oregon and Ontario. Bonus that expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms


All man. We back another wonderful episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Special guest in the building. We gonna introduce my man's laugh but to my far left, my dog Bishop be here out the prayer least how you what? Nasty, Cool and national. Let's get to it baby. Another one. Okay, I say outta uniform but it's all good. It's all good. Hey Norris. You know what I'm saying? You mid Midwest kid but have you, have you ever seen them FETs over there? The black forces with the white laces. I've never seen those before. I get you up here bro. You wear 12 wet Get don't wear them. We run from guys Like that I guess now you, you from dating, you see a nigga at the gas station of de Opposite Direction. He got his own laces now too though. So yeah, straight Up. Yeah. Shoe laces made me my own laces bro. So shout out to the calvary.


That's, that's where it started. We tried to spread the black forces across The world. Oh goodness. Talking about right. My dog, young nacho young team. How you work Man. I'm chilling bro. I'm, I'm cool. I'm glad we got my guy in the building still. Fuck Cleveland State. But it's all over For sure. Listen, this wasn't even playing, you know what I'm saying? You got the Columbia on. My boy got the, what's happening is on y'all already be the gamblers on It. It it is love bro. Man. You know what I mean? Black against whites, all of, Damn I'm like that State 360 9 talk that.


That's perfect. Alright. When we played them, you remember USA today, the rankings? Yeah. Yeah. So we was both ranked and whoever won that game was gonna be number one and obviously they won. But like that was my first introduction to Greg on the court. Like you obviously saw him play on like film but like he was like a mountain out there on the course. Crazy. It was no so no layup ruling in effect like shoot your floaters. I even shot a floater and he blocked one so it was like shoot three, shoot three and then you know Mike gonna control the whole game. Yeah, Yeah. Was that your first time seeing somebody like that? Yeah, That was my first time seeing. Yeah. Yeah. I mean we played against talented dudes but like Greg was the dude, you know what I'm saying? Like we played against division one All the time. That's what I'm Talking about. Like Greg was a pro though.


And then Mike we played against scoring point guards and fast point guards. But Mike had the ultimate balance. He was super quick but he was poised, he knew when to score and when not to score. Like that was the first time I seen like a floor general in high school because most dudes just score in high school. Right. He was a true floor general. Like Mike wouldn't, he could not score in the game and still dictate the game. Craziest In high school he averaged 11 in high school bro. Yeah, He was tough but like 11 assists too though. Like He, but I'm saying though, niggas really like sleep. Like he Ultra Athletic wouldn't. Yeah. Alright. I ard sneaky Foot dunk. Right foot dunk. Left hand dunk, right Hand dunk. Probably run a four two. That's today. And it's funny hearing that from both of y'all because of how y'all play. Like both of y'all fast shit Was bro, Mike was different faster.


Yeah, he probably ran a four too. But like you said, his genetic though bro. His father takes Off from the free throw line with two hands, like Used to dunk off vertical. We used to actually watch him dunk off vertical. I was like damn. I was like why you don't ever dunk? He's like, for what? I heard you play football too though bro. What position you play? qb. Okay. Truth is that your first love or? I was naturally better at football but all my uncles went to college for football. Like division one had an uncle that went to Nebraska, played in the big eight. Yeah. Time played in the orange ball. I had another uncle that played in Eastern Washington, another one played at Texas Southern football Central state. So football was like in my family. Like my first cousin Trent Cole played for the Philadelphia Eagles for 12.


Oh damn, that's what's up. 12 years. So football was like, that was in the family. We all played basketball too, but like football was like my first love because it was, I was the most skilled at it. I played all the sports but that one came natural. Like I didn't have to do too much to know how to play. That's who started recruiting you heavy. That's where your, did your first scholarly come from football or who? Both. But it was low level for basketball. I never got, I only had one division, one offer from basketball that was Cleveland State. Okay. Damn. So for football I would get like Mac schools. Gotcha. Toledo, Miami, Ohio, Boston. Yeah. But I never really entertained it 'cause I wanted to play basketball. Ah, okay. I wanted to play basketball. Yeah, I was gonna ask how you got to clip ba. Sure. You said that was your offer. So That was the only one Committ to Wal.


I was committed to go to NAIA Walsh. Oh Univers. Canton, Ohio. NAIA division two. And then my, my high school coach couldn't accept it. He didn't, he was like no. He was like no at least you gotta give a division one a try. I said, well you know, division was coming and I'm not paying for school. Like I ain't have an ego. I was like, I'm going to school somewhere. Yeah. Then Cleveland State know they came and watched me play in the state championship. We won the state my senior year. Okay. And then they offered me a scholarship and I was like, that's where I'm going. Damn That's Fire. That's the tail end of this shit too. That was all she wrote after that. That's a lot of motivation for some of these guys who don't got offers right now. Like don't Have no ego. Go where they want you. I was, that's the thing with me, I wasn't going gonna go look for some D one that didn't want me was going to ask me to like pay half 'cause I was gonna get academic scholarship 'cause my grades was nice.


Yeah. I was like having me pay half to get on the team. I was like, no. Like Walsh wanted me NAIA, they was laying the red carpet out. I'm gonna be the guy. So I'm like cool. And then Cleveland State came, they came to my house, sat in my, you know, talked to my dad, my mom, my uncle looked them in the face and I was like, oh they want me. So I, that's where I'm gonna go. That's what's Up man. Fuck Cleveland State a way to say that shit for about, I understand. 20 years. We here now. Let's talk about it. 83, 69. Hey we had a lot of shit going on. On man. Sorry. Your first year at Cleveland State. Did you, you didn't get the keys right away? Did you have to sit down? I get the keys man. Listen, because we gonna get to that.


I average like five points a game. You Was on the learning curve Was back man. I was the backup and so the conditioning, I had never did conditioning. Okay. Because at Dunbar we was so talented. Like we did conditioning but like we was gonna win 'cause we had the most talent. Right. I got to Cleveland State individuals and stuff, you know, you gotta hold your own in college individuals. So that's the first time I'm like, oh I'm not good enough right now. Damn. So my freshman year was all about getting acclimated. I started lifting weights heavy, started running, taking wind sprints serious. Right. Getting my like skill because I never practiced dribbling bro. That was the first time I started practicing dribbling and stuff like that. And it was like I went from averaging five points as a freshman to 13 as a sophomore.


Which is when they got, you know, yeah. That's when click because y'all be shit. I remember nigga, y'all played against Tall Be Syracuse, we be Florida State Fall. Yeah. Y'all wasn't the only ones bro. Sorry. Nah, we watched y'all beat Syracuse because y'all, I think y'all other guard came from Syracuse. Uhuh. He came from St. John's. St John's Somewheres. Yeah, yeah, yeah. St John's. Yep. And he, I remember watching y'all, he caught a alive or something but we ain't taking y'all s serious. I know. We was worried. We had, I was getting ready for the draft almost. Nah, we had Arizona Oval. So we had Arizona. Did y'all play Arizona? Yeah. Yeah. So we was like, all right, we gonna play Arizona. That's gonna be the scouts Jordan Hill. I was like yeah, I'm gonna go top 10. Chase Funer. Yeah I'm gonna go top 10. And then I'm like, after that we gonna go to Indianapolis.


Where I'm gonna be at the crib. I'm gonna really put on a show against Louisville. So we, we watched film on y'all but not really like we watched like 30 minutes And. we was like, they too small. And then I'll never forget our coach was like, 'cause we, we went to the club the night before. We knew that. So We went, we definitely, we was living bro, we was getting paid. We was living like we was rock stars. NIL time baby. So he end up, they end up showing us him, but they was like, they point guard the Cedric kid. He was like, bro, he he can play And. we like yeah all who's that nigga? He, he transferred. I know he can't hoop, you know what I'm saying? So I'm like man I ain't worried about him. They was like they got a football player.


Whoever y'all big man Bullock, he was our, he was our real best player. Jana Bullock. Yeah. But he played football. Yeah he got a, he after we, after he finished he went to the Jets and got on they practice squad right away and, and never played since high school. Oh yeah. They was just like, he he a football player. He ain't even a basketball. I'll never forget that. And I never remember when the game started he hit a bank three and our coach called a timeout. He said we gonna fucking lose, guys are playing around. I'm like man we ain't about to lose to these sad ass niggas. That shit just started getting spooky. I'm looking. I'm like what the fuck Bro? Our our bro we wasn't even allowed to. Y'all went to South Beach? Yeah bro. We stayed by the airport and they let us ride down South Beach on the bus.


Didn't let us get off. That was our tournament experience. Coach was like, nah we, we ain't here just to be here. He said y'all wanna go to South Beach bus driver driving the South beach, don't nobody get off. So we just rolled down, got to look at it and went right back to our hotel. That was all our tournament Experience shit nigga. I was walking on the beach, went to a club. First time I ever seen a club. Like a club like that. Yeah. Niggas buying shots. I ain't even drink at that time. But we was vibing. We knew we was good so I said Park nigga we got in that game. We start arguing. I'm like we just start arguing. I Was super athletic though. Yeah. We just started arguing. Our whole team was done. I just started running to the corner like I'm done. They was trapping every time I came off ball screen. Two people here. I'm like y'all niggas gotta make a shot.


Niggas was bricking them niggas was celebrating fucked up my bracket. Fuck, fuck it. I'm going to the league. Everybody's Bracket. But the thing is, the way we played against y'all, that's how we played against everybody. Like we trap ball screens like really aggressive. Like we didn't play super fast but like if it was a miss, you know we pushed the pace. Yeah like coach was a defensive coach. Nah y'all defense was a one. Yeah I went, I was, I had an attitude that game though so I ain't even play hard. My dad was calling me so many times after that game. I was like yo, stop calling me Doug. He's Like, you played like a hoe. You had Eight points. I don't even know what I had. I'm probably like eight, nine points. You Know who was ironic? Pat Riley was at that game. Damn. Damn. He ended up drafting me like he was at the game sitting a few rows away from my parents and my, my uncle knew was like, you know Pat rise at the game.


I was like nah I didn't know that but like Okay cool. Yeah two years later And he talked about it when I got drafted he was like man I saw you play as a sophomore. You ain't even know like we was looking at other people obviously at the time. But like that was they first time like getting introduced to me. Damn. That's crazy. Look at this. Yeah see you helped him get drafted Jack it all work out. Shit. I always gonna give him motherfucker. Hey what's crazy? Nah, that's a hell of a story though bro. It's Really crazy though. You know. So what's James? Yeah jj. So you know how y'all was walking in the back how we was warming up and y'all was kind of walking through our, our line bit? Yeah and big Jan Nathan was like, Hey bro if these cats walk through our line one more time bro I'm gonna get active.


And I'm like now looking back I said I'm glad he Was. I was like, because at the time you know we with it, we our big dog, you know he big Dog like can't nobody whoop him. So he's like bro, if they walked through our line one more time Broh, I don't care which one of 'em is, I'm about to get active And. we was like whatever. And then like now I'm like oh I'm so glad that that didn't happen Because would've been a bowling ball. One punch after one push after We wanna live for them. Just got behind him that shit, you know he a homie now but he got Miami So he's so cool. He talking about that and I'm like I never told him that.


I was like bro, when y'all was walking through our line it was really about to be something. I'm like and it would've got so ugly, so fast Man bro Because he know he's the truth with it though. Truth you know? 'cause you were bro, he don't play Right here man. That was my nigga. Yeah he know. I See. Shout out to, hey, shout out to JJ bro. I see who do work? JJ out here? Yes sir. Yep. He did come back. I get down for the Pacers Ain't gonna be no more running into their locker room. They signed him right after that. Yeah. Fuck, fuck, fuck that game ball locker room again. Come get come get that game ball down. Come on man. Yeah, barely leave him alone. I'm keep it real. What was your most memorable tournament game?


That one Shit, that one. That one you got off the most on that one. I mean I had 17 against Arizona but we lost, I only count wins so. Oh okay, okay. For sure. For sure. But what's fucked up is though about that y'all beating us. I'll never forget. So Rick Patino, I had beef with him 'cause he didn't recruit me but he, you know he wanted to recruit my little brother and mine. He, my dad played for him. Okay. So I had beef with him so I wanted to play Louisville so bad and that day of the game he said y'all gotta watch that 12 five matchup Cleveland State and Wake Forest. I got Cleveland State beating him. I was like bitch we gonna beat y'all. What this nigga talking about like he about to nigga you a coach for a team that's in the tournament. You telling niggas who going to win and shit.


Talk to him all. I was like man that's why I be so hyped when they lose every time. That's why he was In the Big East though. Yeah because he watched us play against South Florida's in the Big East. When we beat Syracuse they was in the east. Yeah. So like he had like been watching all year. Yeah I, I felt the way though. And then it was just Big East Coach Waters. We used to coach Rutgers. My coach came to Cleveland State, he was at Rutgers so he came from the Big East. So he had like a relationship With me. Yeah. He said that shit and that shit happened. I, I ain't gonna, I wasn't mad 'cause I knew I was about to go to NBA but I was sick that like I ain't get to play Louisville. Yeah that's was my biggest thing. Damn. I don't know 'cause they smashers on it like they did them dirty. Yeah He would've tried to get 50 on. I would've tried to Terra.


Well I fuck with. Yeah Edgar, me and Edgar Soa we hired out our beef. I ain't that's good. But I was gonna get 50 on them one. That's what I did. I score. I wish you would've went to Louisville. I wish I could have happened. Hell no I wasn't. No I wasn't about to be pressing like that. Yeah you definitely been Pressing first. I'm glad I went where I win 'cause defense was not a priority yo. So I gotta ask you this first. Who the who? The ones you gotta play first? Edgar Sosa or Deshaun Jackson. Deshaun Jackson. That that shit. That's jokes. That's jokes. That's for the internet. That's jokes bro. Well he said it's for content. That's jokes bro. Nah that's jokes. I ain't worried about it. That's jokes bro. Guard play was tough back then though. Nah At least You had to really strap up.


Like Who was Arizona Guard They had Nick Wise one. There you go. Yeah Get busy. Yeah I had he cold wise I had his number circle too. I should have circled your shit. Pull. Yeah that was wild. I said can Be front of it. They they be shelling them too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They be shelling them too. I was shitty. I was, Nah they had a good team though. Shout to league so killer at that time. Obviously you know I'm saying you hold it down. You talk about the pat. Oh hold on, Hold on dj. Hold on. Did you play against Justin? Sara you didn't. Oh you might, you was too young. I thought he played for damn some school in Chicago.


Chicago. UYC Or Loyola? Loyola. He played for Loyola. I ain't know. I'm be honest, I didn't know none of the players' name and Oh okay. They was in our conference so we played them. Yeah, okay. I we can move on. Yeah but he was one of Justin Sir Soly was one of them. I remember his same year. I remember 'cause they beat us so obviously I just kind of kept up with shit. Yeah and I remember his senior year nigga you was getting 40 and shit. I'm like damn nigga got a box. Oh this nigga that tur that's can play 40. I'm like yeah he's wild. Shit. You Average what, 22 or some shit like that? Yeah. How was that? 2, 2, 6 and six Bro. My senior year was like magical. I'm gonna be honest because I was having an out-of-body experience. Like I couldn't even explain what was going on. Yeah. Damn. You know how coaches say work hard, work hard and eventually it'll pay off.


Yeah. The cats be like ah when is it gonna pay off? Like my senior year was just my three years before that. Paying off. Yeah. Damn. All the working out three times a day. You know like I used to kill myself in workouts but my teammates thought I was like weird like lightweight 'cause I would out before practice, after practice then come back midnight. Mm. Like I, I don't even know how I did homework to stay eligible bro. 'cause I was working there all day long. 'cause I went to the Darren Williams camp Okay. After my junior year and they say 90% of people that go to that camp go to NBA. So I said oh I gotta, they think I'm an NBA dude I locked in ever since then. Like Oh that's Hard. That's fired. Yeah, That's what my senior year was just like All yeah you was going crazy bro. And I saw blood, like I saw Blood.


No you was going crazy. That's crazy. That's crazy. That nigga put on the show that year I was watching because we thought about in Atlanta they had you on a, I used to just go in the draft room and shit. Look and see like see if they was trying to replace me or not. I we were sick bro. Hey I really, You are sick. I worked out in Atlanta though. Like for the draft. That's where I was like bootcamp at down there. I was down there. Who you working Out with? I was working out with Cedric. Tony and heard of that. It was in a, it was in like a little membership. Rah. He had A house. He had a house with the gym? Yeah. Yeah. That's where I worked out at every Day. Oh okay. Every day. Twice a day. I was in there and like it was like hot in there too bro. They signed Brian bro. Relaxing.


They sound. They sound bro. Relax bro. How was your draft process though bro? Like how many teams did you work out for? I did 11 workouts. Mm. So I knew my range was like After lottery like 14 to like early second round. I knew like I was gonna go like I knew I wasn't gonna go below Miami. Okay. So yeah, I worked out for 11 teams. My agent wanted me to do like two more and I was like, nah, I'm not doing two more. When I was tired I was like, after my 11th one I was like, I said if they don't, if they don't think I'm good enough by now I'm just, because I was exhausted 'cause my senior year I was exhausted 'cause coach wore me. I played every minute of every practice, every minute of every game.


So I was like wore out and I didn't get a chance to rest. Like after the season was over, I went to school for like maybe one more month and I left school early. Like okay. I talked to the professors, I was able to take some of my finals early and then I started getting ready. Damn. So I did 11 workouts and I was done. Any of them teams ever be like, we're taking you Norris? Nah. 'cause I know what I, I wasn't hands on like that 'cause I ain't care. I'm coming from Cleveland State so I ain't had no ego. I was just like, yeah this whoever you put in front of me in these workouts, I'm dog walking them. That's, that Was my who you kill. That's kind of guy Am who you killed You. I had some, I had some who I have in my Just talk about your competitive workouts.


I don't, I don't know everybody's name though 'cause I'm at Cleveland State. I ain't play a so I ain't really know Everybody. You know him now. You, you remember it was Basically I worked Out where you, I worked out against ci guard from UCLA. I think his name Malcolm Lee or something like that. Oh Cook Malcolm Lee's in the league for man, he play for the timber wolves. I know I worked out, what's the guy from Kansas? Shelby. Josh. Josh Shelby. Josh Shelby. I worked out against hell. Holy shit. Shit. Hell Dimitri McCain from Miller. Ooh. Oh imagine that was my guy. Yeah. Yeah. What's the girl from Michigan State? That was all American and Michigan State. Lucas. Kay, Lucas, Kayla Lucas Kim. Yeah. You cooked them. Yep. You got some good ass workouts Do you? Nah, I worked out with a, a lot of people.


Yeah, You some hoopers. A couple of my workouts I was with guys that was like that. Like I worked out with What's Chandler Parsons? Yeah, I worked out at Miami with him. Yeah. You cooked them? We we was on the same team. I'm be honest. Okay. We played that day. We didn't do one-on-ones. We did like three on threes and four on fours. Okay. Okay. Who else? I think the Clay Thompson Did he work out with in Charlotte? Yeah. I ain't gonna say you cooked him. I'm just gonna keep it JI Wouldn't say I That didn't nigga a tall as fuck. Nah, he was, He was like that. It was one other cat. I can't remember. It was in OKC. I can't remember who it was but I, I cooked that whole workout. He went to Villanova. What's the dude Cory Fisher?


Him co. Yeah. Yep. He cooked. Yep. So Yeah, he, I'm gonna be Honest though. All my workouts Don't you get All my workouts I cooked just about, I killed my, my workouts though. Nah, I could believe it bro. I Killed So you was Confident because I didn't because I didn't, I didn't play like in the a CCC tournament On tv, The big east tournament. You Had element surprise. Yeah you was. That's how I knew you cooked. 'cause the get picked first round like yeah you gotta go on the workouts and prove something like that nigga went crazy. Especially from Cleveland State For sure. And now obviously you know where you go. You end up in Miami. Did you know he was gonna be a part? You know what I'm, it is crazy. You know what I'm saying? You talking about every point of your life, senior year to get to college. You know what I'm saying? D one, you went crazy, won the chip, then you went courtesy in the tournament. Went crazy last year.


Now you get to league and then you walk into one of the craziest situations in basketball. Man That was, I ain't gonna lie, I was excited 'cause I, I always won like my high school, we won, we won in college in the Horizon league. So I, I wanted to go somewhere where we can win but I also wanted to be a part of the winning. And so when I got drafted there I'm like I was happy and then like after the first day I was like all right I gotta get ready 'cause they don't necessarily need me. They went to the finals last year without me. So I'm like I gotta make my imprint so I can get on the court. That's the first thing I started thinking about like all okay, I gotta get ready 'cause if I don't do right, I sent the bench the whole year. Fuck Hell yeah. And I ain't want to go to the G league, you know I wanted to do what was called the G league back me.


Yeah the G League back then. Yeah. I was like I ain't gonna never want to get regulated. No offense to cats, that dude, but like I ain't want to do that. I already did my four years of school. I didn't want to do no more developing. I want to develop on the big team. So that's real. First day I was excited. Next day I was like all right, it's time to get to work so I can earn their respect. How was that first practice? You know we had the lockout. Yeah. Oh shit. You right bro. I worked out with bro a couple times 'cause he from Ohio so I the crib and I, it's funny, I worked out in some Adidas bro. I walked in that man's house in some, some D rolls Adidas. And he looked at me crazy. That's how I got my Nike deal. Okay. That's hard. It was like shout LeBron. One of his homies was like, bro why you wearing Adidas?


I said, 'cause they going to pay me. They they giving me the contract. He said bro, what they paying you? And I looked at him, he said, no seriously what they paying you? Whatever they paying you, a guy's gonna call you tomorrow. And I'm like whatever. We finished the workout and a guy from Nike called me the next day and said Hey what do you want for us to switch you over to? And I told him I should have upped it up. So yeah, I just sent him the straight contract Adida gave me and I switched to Nike that the next day That's a fire as story. That's hard. That's hard. That is a far ass story bro. I know JR was mad when he got that news. That's a fire story Bro. That, that's when I realized Kat got real influence out here. Like The next day, KA from Nike said, Hey Norris.


Yeah. So what's your, he didn't even say how you doing or nothing. Yeah, Norris. Yeah. So what's, what's your contract with a, with a deal? What do we need to do to sign you over? Like send us your numbers so we can get that taken care of. I was like cool, check your phone. I'm gonna text you my contract. Just, just gimme this. And that's what they did. But we didn't have practice until December. Yeah because our first game was Christmas so we had training camp two weeks in December and then we like, so I didn't get to play summer league. I didn't get to like have those pre-workouts before. You know how you out come in before practice The young dudes do. Before the first week I didn't get to do none of that. So it's like my first day of practice was my first day of like practice. Okay. When you crack the like lineup like you get a chance to get in the games.


I knew I was gonna get in like I knew I was gonna get in just 'cause how I was doing in practice in preseason. And they don't lie to you in Miami. Like they don't, they not, they don't, they don't like feed you like fools go, you know how some coaches, Oh good job you don't fell, you going to do that. Then you be like dang I ain't play a minute. Yeah I knew I was like preseason games. I was like playing and coach let me make some mistakes And then in practice I was holding my own in practice so I was like okay he gonna play me. And then he told me like you know be like be ready. And so that's all I need to hear. He don't gotta tell me you gonna play this many minutes. 'cause like I say, I'm just happy to be there. Yeah. Hell yeah. He just like stay ready young fella. And as soon it was time that first substitution I'm like oh he serious.


Cole go against Dallas on TNT 'cause they they won the championship, they beat us. So that was like the premier game. Yeah I was like alright let's do it. Who was that? Who was that matchup when you first got in JJ Bar? Was it JJ Barre? That's why they drafted me though because the small guards were fast Guard killed Him. So it was JJ Barre jet had went to the Celtics. The real jet. The Real Jet? Yeah. I'm the real jet. Jason Terry, I'm real Jet Jason Terry, I'm the real, real since we talking about the real jet. Hey we ain't talking about knock need either. No kidding Smith. I knew that j Terry store hates you for setting up that lob set up one the craziest LeBron top. We didn't think it was gonna be that crazy like 'cause we had had many like LOBs but somehow it's like that lived forever.


What bro? What that play is crazy. You are a part of history Bro. Yeah but at the time it happened we didn't think that that Nigga got killed on live TV 'cause of you. You didn't see who? You didn't see Jet. It didn't matter. I I knew who was trailing. I was Like I can, I can take the layup or I can the automatic You was being a good teammate. See that's why you was perfect for Miami 'cause I would've shot the layup. Yeah they would've been like fuck mother Parlay nigga was the ultimate teammate. Facts man. That I can say bro. I ain't, I didn't fight the system at all man. Yeah because at first when I first got there I was shooting a lot. You Should've though. I was, I was playing like hijack Cleveland State and they didn't, they didn't reel me in real quick.


They let me do it like 'cause my first home game I had like 20, yeah 14 in the fourth I'm reeling in so they waited till I had a off game and soon as I had an off game they reeled it in real quick. Spoke was like, hey man that one dribble pull up with 13 on the clock, 14 on the shot clock. That ain't what we want. That's Chris boss setting that screen picking and popping. That's Ray Allen standing over there. You know who Ray Allen is? I was like yeah that's the all time three point leader. Yeah that's that's D Wade or D Wade LeBron one of 'em was in. Yeah he is like that's, that's Dwayne Wade, that's the franchise leader in points over there. You came off and shot to pull up three while they watching you play that. That ain't how we wanna play. And I was just like, but coach I can make it. He was like, and he looked at me and I said nevermind.


I said you right bro. I said you right. So I early in the clock I'm coming off run to the throw it run into the corner 'cause I wanted to play 'cause they'll put you on that bench and bury you 'cause yeah it ain't nothing for them to be like all right we going with the big lineup. LeBron hit the 1D eight, the two Ray hit the three Shane bat eight, the four Chris B the five. So if I didn't do right, that's what would've happened. Yeah. And I ain't want that to happen so I'm like you know what, cool. You ain't gotta say nothing else coach I'm come off. That's why y'all used to know that. Garris used to know I couldn't go back at him. That's why I used, remember when I said that about Mario? It wasn't no disrespect, it wasn't. We gonna get to that too. But Mario, I was a little different than him though 'cause I was more aggressive than him. Like I was feistier than he would. Yeah I used to really like disrespect.


I wouldn't guard him. I wasn't gonna guard him 'cause I mean he could shoot, I know Mario, I know he could shoot that one because before like bro got there nigga Mario used to get to it. Yeah. So you know but when bro got there it was like different And this is how You have to run to the corner bro. It ain't no oh I'm gonna try my getting bro. He will make, he started doing stuff like this By the nails. Next thing you know you gotta go sit down, you gotta go sit down. Like And I knew that But see this is why I be saying like I feel like down y'all just catch clips and I don't know if you watch the short or not. I feel like y'all just catch clips 'cause bro don't mean no malice behind this shit ma. It's just how shit be clipped up. 'cause he was just saying shit if we int motherfucking Miami I'm straight Yeah I can go out because I know what Mario finna do the whole game so I can go out to the court.


He is about to set a screen or he going to the court. Yeah It wasn't, that's what was this nigga sad. He never said he was sad Or nah like I know y'all not sad. Yeah I know 'cause I know when them people sit out when LeBron D Wade sit out they go for 30. For Sure. For sure. For our second was different than our starter unit. So the that starter unit like you said it was real like yeah let Brian and D Wade do a lot of facts. Facts in the second unit. I can handle the ball sometime at least to initiate it. Eventually I was gonna have to get off of it. Yeah. At least I could initiate And. we played a little faster And y'all, y'all y'all moved it though. Especially when you had D Wade, y'all really moved it. Brian, Brian moved it but he did more like pick and roll come here. Yeah little guy comes up the screen get the switch or whatever. But Yeah I used to feel bad though sometimes for for real 'cause I, because I knew he could, you know he could score a little bit but like like you said, like you talking about two of the best perimeter players and N CB was one of the top four big scorers you gotta get on the Rock.


It was just the ah man you got to you Just a pecking order bro. And it's legit. It not, you ain't fool Fighting it bro. Yeah none of them nigga playing. It was all three first battle hall. Yeah this sword coming off the bench 'cause Ray was coming off the bench come On. And Rio was actually, he was nice bro. He was just like I know you can't shoot that shot like you about to go off this pick and roll. I'm going under 'cause you want to shoot it but I know you can't. Yeah and I know you can make it but you can't shoot it because if you hit make or miss hitting the shot, you, you gonna come out the alley if you, if you better make It. Nah if you don't nah you better make it. Even if you make, you still might Come out though a no pass with 15 on the shot clock pick and roll three if you shoot that and don't make it smoke.


Nah, I spoke starting lineup. It's Brian and DY and CB dude they not man they think they gonna have to run back on D shoulda won. I knew that because I used to be that with Joe Johnson, John Smith, VIN Marvin, Jamal. If I shoot the ball and I don't make it, you're coming y'all. That's Why I be wanting him to speak more 'cause niggas don't even understand the life he really had to live. Exactly. For Sure before Chalmers like he had to live that life. He was already, he walked into the league in. That was Funny. I remember watching. Yeah them teams was tough. Them teams was they with the ball? Crazy. But that's when I started playing. But before I got there And we had Woodson, it was Iso. Iso Joe.


So like ISO Joe we had Jamal who that's the walk of God five. Josh need that motherfucker. Josh Need Al Horford wanted it. Marvin wanted it. Then we had other veterans. I was just, man I was just happy. Yeah well we going out tonight and what's so crazy is both of y'all background because y'all were scoring Scores. Scores. Yeah. Yeah. So Do you I heard my respect though, like in open runs and in the summertime. Okay Like playing like in the pros and stuff. So like when people come to Miami that's how like everybody knew like nah he could hoop. He just playing his role. Yeah because I, I never wanted to be known as like ain't nobody in the league watch but you don't never wanna be known as one of them dudes that's like self-check. Yeah. I'm like ain't no self-check I'm playing my role. But that's and see this goes to my shit.


But he used to kill though. No But Norris kahoo. That's why I think people, like I said, when people watch our shit they think we this and no we understand because yeah this is my nigga. I know what he had to sacrifice. Yeah. Yeah. We used to be mad at him for not going to get 30. As your mans probably said, damn Norris go kill. Nah for Sure. You know what I mean? Because we not realizing the game. Yeah. But that's why I was like shit, maybe a nigga probably would take a hundred million over over The rings Easy for me. It ain't easy nor tre one of no rings for hundred elms still get the keys because Niggas was mad at me because I, it wasn't no slice of nor I said but niggas don't talk about nor enough. That extreme is extreme but I take like 50, you know 40 or 50 with my rings and not a hundred with the rings then take a hundred with no rings though.


Okay. That's a tough extreme though. A hundred or no 'cause a hundred is crazy, you know what I mean? It's A hundred's different but I take the middle of the pack with the Rings 50 in the ring. Yeah. Okay. I I feel that I mean you could still have a, you have the same life. It's a lot. Yeah. Like well we in the Midwest. Yeah. That's why we back here in the Midwest. Yeah. Our buck stretch farther Up here. Yeah you got the same life. But to be known as a champion bro, it's like even if you wasn't the best player, like I was a role player but I played though. So anywhere that time I go somewhere it's like I get in rooms that normally I wouldn't like other NBA players wouldn't be able to get into just off of gp. Like nah that's cold. He played for the championship team that he, he good in here like Yes and I've seen that happen in real life. I was going like to a real like VIP spot where it was like only 50 people in there and I ain't had no invite.


I just happened to know be dropped, seen it and I was like oh let me, and it was like oh cool, come on. And then the the boss man was like, oh yeah, nah champ, he he good. And I'm like dang that's what it is. Like that's all it was. And we always talk about you know relationships being worth more than money. So I we fuck with that for sure. We was just, that was the nature of the topic my nigga. A hundred S. Yeah. Hey Or do you want this motherfucking ring And we found out that niggas was selling them motherfucker rings faster, faster than the chick on Tim Street selling that motherfucker thing. You hear me? So Nah because we ultimately play to take care of your family. Like we played a Good yes bro. And that's all we would say. It wasn't no hate like, you know what I mean? It wasn't no slight It came 'cause I said I Mario give up his ring for a hundred mil.


Yeah low for a max deal for deal. That's what I said. I said he give up his ring for a max, max, Max deal Back then was not like, now they even back then I still, We was talking about right now with the players was getting oh man And, we never called niggas saying Two 50 twice. Oh why got this Nigga got up in this chair, He would've back to Miami. That Ring Nigga. That's all it was. I even, I get my ring up for a million a million right now life is good. You still known as a champion. That's all I was saying. Exactly. Like I don't need the actual ring but if they say hey you can't win a ring here.


Oh you talking about the actual ring ring not the champion. Yeah But I'm just saying would You not be a champion? I, I take that as not being a champion. Like would you be a champion for less money or would you like not want to be a champion? Like I I Don't want, I don't wanna give a champion, I Wanna be a champion. I don't Give a Fuck. You want to and and respect because you still getting to it. Yeah, I'm still, yeah Still winning Respect bro. And you a killer but I'm saying you knocked it down 50% Niggas talk about the hundred. What you doing for that hundred? Pause. No I, yeah put better this, that was so appropriate that you said would you take 50 million in your rings or James Hardings.


I'm taking 50 in my rings shit. James Har Two rings and 50. I'm What James hard touch? Probably about four. Oh he nah he gotta Be, I remember though for me in my, what I value. Yeah 50 million I can get anything I want. How many you what? How many mansions can you get And you come from humble beginners like us. Yeah. And you know in Million West, you know in the million west, a million dollar crib up here in a million dollar crib in Miami or LA is two different lifestyles. No For sure. I I'm saying your life gonna be normal but for me 300 million That what you gonna do. Like you can't spend it all shit out. You I'm just saying my kids' kids, my mama other kids. Your mom get that island you want Nigga. What?


You be careful not that but the other, I be honest, be careful. Nah that's, I mean I ain't shout out to that but I, I'm taking the 50 I because I know what 50 can do 'cause I'm still gonna live where we out live at. Yeah you gonna be, you gonna live good but yeah But 400 though. Yeah You can figure something different out 400 for sure You Ima live where I live in somewhere else and some real other than that. What? That's football nor still playing. Yeah, my fault. Yeah. Norris still got some shit. What's crazy is like the you, your first year in the league you got a ring. How is that feeling? Yo rookie year you figured out the NBA lockout year crazy shit and you get a championship It's gonna sound bad. I mean as humbly as possible.


But I thought that's how it's supposed to be. That's what I thought how it was supposed to be in high school. That's how it was. Mm. We won the state. I went to Cleveland State, we won two conference championships. So I'm like this is what you supposed to do. You win chips. Ooh. I ain't realize until the first year we didn't win it. I was like oh. And then the next year when I got traded, like my fourth year, whatever, I got traded and played in New Orleans. We lost the first round. I was like oh this NBA life is different then when I didn't make the playoffs suicide watch like yeah like what is going on? Like damn. So I thought it was normal honestly bro. I was like this is what it's supposed to Be. What was it like when you finally like when you got traded? I'm gonna be honest a little. I didn't know how to feel.


I was like a fish outta water. Yeah because the team didn't call me and tell me I found out on the ticker Damn Walsh ball and Then found out on the ticker and then my agent, my agent didn't call until it was official. 'cause when on the ticker it don't be official. Yeah it just be the paperwork went but you know behind the scenes. So, but once it became final my agent called me and I was like I'm going to New Orleans. I'm like I'm going to Miami to New Orleans. That's a whole different like That's a different vibe. Life. Yeah. Yeah. And guess who the first game was Miami against Miami. I didn't even move out my apartment. I stayed in my apartment. New Orleans flew in, I met the team at the hotel, went back to my apartment and then played Miami the next day. Damn. Yeah And we won too.


But I was Saudi a little bit though 'cause I thought I was gonna play my whole career. That's when I learned the business of the NBA because I thought I was gonna play my whole career in Miami. You got busy though. Let me, I about to say I like going there 'cause I was able to show what I could do. Yeah bro. They let you rock. They let you rock. Yeah. Yeah. New New Orleans a cool city though. I like new coming From Miami though. I mean nothing cool come from Miami. You go from Miami. You had a decent team though. I'm saying We was nice. Yeah Go from Miami. You got damn near go to New York to even like experience like, I mean you can go to like Houston or Atlanta. Houston, Atlanta. But like Miami is just like when you touchdown, I ain't gonna lie.


Every time we touchdown Miami like I got happy like oh shit. Like I'm about to go pro one 12, we about to play the heat tomorrow. The gym gonna be hot. Like it ain't gonna be cold. You know you Yeah. No offense to Philly fans but when you go to Philly in it, Philly and Boston during the season it be freezing. When you go to shoot around you gotta wear hoodies and all this shit. I used to hate playing there. Damn. New York you go if y'all go practice at the garden, it's gonna be freezing stink Walking through the Tunnel. Come on. Just be wild people. Be honest. You know how people be excited about it playing in the garden. I didn't get that adrenaline rush playing in the Garden. See I don't think you was was it remodel when you first got in the league? Nah, I can't. I don't even know. Alright. When I first got in the league it wasn't remodeled yet.


So we had the old dressing rooms bro. And you had to put all your clothes up 'cause they like the roaches and rats get in your shit. You gotta keep 'em up high. I was like nah that's fucking way. I was like y'all lying. The motherfuckers out. They was like, I seen the rats though underneath when we walked to the tunnel I seen, oh god. They like bro keep your clothes up there. You can't even like lay 'em down. I'm like damn, because I Ain't gonna lie. We went to a this, this is crazy. And don't put no pu on my name but to what? I went to the bad boys reunion tour at the garden. I should, No this he called, he called all his, when he tell Weekend it is Philip Collins fault. We, because we went for his birthday. He wow. He loved did he not like that But we, I went for my nigga birthday party a good Time.


That's my best friend And I ain't go because I knew. Yeah. So them rat in that garden is is real Bro's. Real dude Know how I felt. You know how people felt about the gardens. I felt like playing like that in Chicago because Real 'cause Mike played there. Anytime I play in Chicago I ball like that was like my garden playing there. Looking up there seeing two three. They had the hollow, the light, how the light used to hit it. I used to be like the goat up there like let's get to it. That's how I felt every time. Is That still your goat? A Hundred percent. Damn. I ain't, I ain't like playing in Chicago. Where's your favorite place to play? Utah? Nah. Really? Yeah. I mean I'm not even being funny. I had, I had great, I've never not played good in guitar. The court, you know how the, the backdrop is so close. The fans is right there.


It's like shooting a high school gym. Yeah. Here in Indiana. Like when you shoot Indiana, you know how fans is right behind the go. I used to play good every time. These my favorites too. Playing here? Yeah. Only because like I knew the whole, I used to be deep 50. I need 50 tickets this game. 'cause Dayton's like 90 minutes away. It was Coming. Yeah. Yeah. But I just talking about the backdrop, I knew I was gonna have good games. Like Philly hated playing Philly. The backdrop was so crazy. Yeah. I'm like I hate playing here. Damn. Boston. I had some good games in Boston. I liked the crowd was great in Boston, so I like playing in Boston. You Remember your best moment in the NBA? My best From a straight, from A hooping perspective. Selfish. Like where you was getting tour where? Yeah. I played in in Cleveland the weekend I got my, my jersey retired at Cleveland State.


We played, I was in New Orleans, we played at Cleveland. Okay. And like my parents and stuff, Cleveland State, the whole school came to my game. That's that afternoon. They had raised my jersey in the rafters. I had like 26 and eight on them. Okay. Oh okay. Nah, that's Hard bro. Oh, that's a hell of a moment right there. Yeah. Yeah, that's Far. Nah, that was, that was my favorite. That was probably like my favorite moment. Okay.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. eBay motors is here for the ride. You know what I remember about my first car is at the moment I got it. I wanted to improve it because like most 16-year-old kids, you don't exactly get a luxury automobile. So you look at it, you go, well I need to add some speakers. I need to 10 out the windows. I need to make this thing the coolest car possible so I can cruise around town with all my buddies waving at the babes and enjoy myself. So my favorite part of car culture when I was young was definitely the subwoofers in the back of the car. And we built the boxes from scratch, had multiple 12 inch subs and you could hear me coming from a long, long way away. With over 122 million parts. You can make sure your number one ride or die stays running smoothly. Brake kits, LED, headlights, roof racks, bumpers, whatever your baby needs. eBay motors has it And with eBay guaranteed fit. It's guaranteed to fit your ride the first time every time or your money back. Plus at these prices you're burning rubber, not cash. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out bs.com. Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode.


I like it too. This is a perfect thing. Billy Kansas State is being overlooked because of what happened at BYU. Mike Gundy is, is a snot head. His perm is finally catching up to him. They lost at home to Utah. It's another one I like. Will Howard, you know he's the quarterback at Kansas State. He's not there anymore. He was last year. Will Howard used to be the quarterback at Kansas State. Now it's a guy with long hair, right? Avery Johnson. Avery Johnson. Yeah. He used to coach Alabama. Now he's admir the quarterback. Admir. Now he's the quarterback at Kansas State. I love the the Kansas State Purple Wildcat Wildcats There it's, and this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Riding a Sea-Doo has a different meaning for each of us and the possibilities are endless. So if you wanna explore new fishing spots, spend time with the fam, reconnect with nature. Break from your nine to five or just experience the thrill of the open waves. They've got a full range of personal watercrafts and pontoons for you. Explore the new 2025 SeaDoo models and find what you've been searching for. SeaDoo. Find your water visit see dow.com. Or find a dealer near you


Getting your jersey retired in school. That's hard. Like bro that Was, that was the best. The only thing that was better was going into a hall of Fame at the school. Damn. Damn. Because that I didn't realize that's different like Yeah the Hall of Fame is like different than like just getting your jersey retired. Yeah, I wouldn't know Wake Forest don't fuck with me. Yeah, That's so Bad. I think Wake Forest, you gotta have Degree. Yeah I think every school's like that too because I think Steph, they haven't retired put him in the hall of Fame at Davidson yet. And that's crazy to me. I'm like oh They gone. But you know they, There should be exceptions. Some shit should be there should be exceptions. Come on bro. Ain't fucking They gone. I know that's a different game bro. They control. I seen people rocking zero at Wake four so bad. I just stopped looking.


I'll never forget they Slut that jersey out. I'll never forget the first I made, I was an All American by sophomore year. So they like yeah you all American, all you gotta do is graduate, we gonna retire your jersey. And he was like, we don't have many all Americans. I'm like damn for real. The next year, maybe two year a dude named Cody McIntyre was rocking that motherfucker. I'm Cody had a bitch. Nah that nigga was not hooping to that bitch. I'm like hell he at least get some buckets. He actually a good player now though. I'll see I be watching his games overseas. He actually Be hooping. Shout out to C Mac man. You go online, you could have went online have somebody. I say I Don't Yourself. You could have somebody, you know Dixon, I'm in a transfer portal.


I'm in a transfer portal right now. I'm trying to, I'm trying to go on Phoenix. You got money now? I to University of Phoenix. I I'm in a transfer portal. Everything. I ain't gonna IC dc rub me up with the ic dct Ain't Doris full Doris Porter Get my honorary Get to get your Degree. Then they Quick. Man I gotta transfer to IPUY. Oh Man, That yourself. I Wanted to ask you though, hold on for a we keep going though. When you won that come on. That's your get back respect. Nah, You can't call When in that first 'cause he had like, we got a power with this nigga. He has the worst championship experience ever.


Okay. Can you just speak for what you can't speak on like how was that like that after? What you mean like the After? Yeah I heard yours too. That's old D Y'all Now. Ours was live first of all we won on the first one on Sunday when we all know woo live on Sunday. Damn. And then the next one we won on a Thursday, which is story Thursdays. So it was, it was up like didn't sleep until the sun was coming up. I ain't get back home until like 7:00 AM Like it was, it was up. It was an experience. And, we parted for like a, after a week you don't wanna party no more. Yeah, we partied for like a week and then we had the parade and then after that we didn't want, nobody wanted to party, we wanted to go on vacation. Wait A minute, y'all Had a parade a week after.


It's a little bit space in between. Yeah Because they got had that, their parade was the next day wasn't it? Nah, it was like three days. Oh okay. Yeah. Well you, well no offense, you know Milwaukee is different than Miami. Nah, a hundred percent. You know Pat Riley do things Top knot. Yeah, a hundred percent. And you know they call it Heat Nation, which people don't know. He Nation is built up of like little communities like Little Haiti, little Havana, Miami Gardens, Liberty City. So we drove around the whole, That was in Liberty City. That's Crazy Heat. Like we went around the whole That was UD stumping ground. Yeah. So like we started at one place, we went through every little Aliyah, we went through every little hood and then it circled all the way back to the steps, you know? Yeah.


To the thing. That's hard. It was tough. That was Tough. I gotta ask you this question. Obviously you was around you saying everything for it. How was that feeling when you seen Ray? Allen, you know what I'm saying? Step back and knocked that bitch down. Oh You see how hot that nigga was About to say Hi Louise film Play That. Yeah that nigga that was such a crazy vertical nigga they got, If you ain't supporting me like how I was supporting us, You can't be on my team. Oh God bro. He was Yo hey I said that nigga is her Right. Knocked that bitch. Hey y'all Ladies ain't support. Hey listen if y'all teammates, if y'all ain't supporting y'all teammates and y'all people like that, they not real fact hundred percent bro. I actually, I was genuinely happy like yo, 'cause we know it looked like we was gonna lose but we never said that.


We never said dang it's over. We was just like, just take it one play at a time. That's all we said. So when he hit that shot I was like oh we about to win. That's crazy. The biggest shot of NBA history up until that point. I was Like, yeah it's The thing is he practiced that though. He practiced backpedaling shooting And. we used to be like Ray like why? He just like, oh just, just for balance. That's all he would say. Just you know, just, just for balance and bro that's crazy. He didn't take a look If you watch the film, he didn't take one look down at the ground. He backpedaled and caught that mud feet down and Damn yo that LeBron legacy would be damn near different. It'd be totally, it Would be totally, it'd be different. Different conversations for sure If I don't think so. Hell Yes. LeBron's legacy I mean's For sure Not how great he is but until how people comparing him.


Yeah. It wouldn't even be nothing like, okay. 'cause if he lost to the Spurs It would've been, it would've been Two, Three times in a row would've been crazy because that would've been the second time would've lost. Nah because remember he lost, he lost in Cleveland. So if he would've got there then Oh sure enough. Yeah that would've been tough. And That would've been the second Was the big three To Dallas, then we won one, then we've lost again. So that would've been, it'd been ugly, it would've been like damn. But People be saying that but like we would've never even been in that point in the game if it wasn't for Brian, we was down and then he took over like that's what I'm saying. Score all the points to that Point. And we, we saw it happen next game. Y'all know how feel about ruined a lot of my playoff experiences.


But Brian is, he isn't, it really don't get no better than Brian. But I'm just saying you Know how people, I trying to understand what y'all was Saying. You know how people look at it like, Mike got six, Kobe got fired, da I'm with you. They would've started doing the reports like oh he lost when he had Dwayne Wade and Chris but he lost twice Now that would've been a big hit. Yeah but I don't, I don't say Jordan to go just because of the, just because of the rings. It ain't just because of that. But what Thinking, I mean all, I mean I just, when I watch basketball I never seen nobody better than Michael Jordan. From a impact perspective. From a fundamental like Jordan was the most fundamentally sound player and the most athletic like LeBron do stuff that can't nobody practice.


You can practice all day. You can never do what he do. Yeah. Just because of like you can't Jump off a job Focus his one leg shots and stuff like that. You can't practice shooting like that. He's that that's the like the gift that he got. Like so he has stuff that you can't even practice doing. That's why I think he the greatest But I mean What's the craziest shit you ever, you've seen Brian do Practice bro stuff to do in practice was stuff that never made it to the court was over like it was one practice him and D Wade got to going at it and it was like we was like oh goodness, here they go. It was just basically them two basically like playing one-on-one in practice but it was just four other cats out there. Yeah but it was him like proving a point that he was different. 'cause D Wade is different too.


Like for y'all that don't know he is, he's an alien too but like yeah Legend D Wade was like you know, hit a couple and it was start to be like oh it's about to be one of them practices so everybody playing super hard and then he started making shots that nobody can make. Like he started Greg Oden was in our practice, some of don't practice. He started like going shooting shots like long wrong leg, left hand hook layups. He started like doing like almost like Michael joint layups not looking and then he'll run down and look at Pat Ryan like I know, I know it's different. I know D Wade. Ja boy. But I know it's different and he'd be doing stuff like that and I'm like, I'm like that's what we need baby. Yeah. That's why hard like nigga go Not because I wish That nigga would've said some shit like that while I was in there.


I was like Fuck shit. Nah bro said it. He ran down like yeah Champ. He was like, he was like I know he's like I know it's crazy. It's different. And he come down shooting, you know from where wherever Steph, when he come down do stuff like that and you'd just be like, alright bro, let's spoil, let's move on into practice. Like this ain't pro, this ain't proven nothing. We get it like He but you got to, you got to experience that Bro. Am my out of pocket for telling that nigga out. Matching point for point. You are way out. Ain't no people don't understand that he can really, he's really a scorer. Yeah he he let the media take that pass first, third he let y'all run with it and he ran with it. But bro He get buckets about Pass. He's early, He's led to every team he's ever played on InShot attempts except one year.


Yeah. And he's led the league in like top five and shot attempts every year of his career. Like he be tricking y'all thinking but that's his thing though. But That's how he played the game though. Just because I think 'cause he's so versatile, right? He's super And how great of a pastor he really is. It kind of overshadows like he Leads, he's the all time leading score score. He the most buckets Ever bro. Lemme tell y'all how crazy it is. You know it's like he's the all time leading scorer but he's never led the league and assist but people say he's the best passer in the game. You know how crazy that is because It is his vision. I believe though. Nah For sure. But saying it is dudes that actually average 10 assists a league. You know what I mean? Like but I think Magic Johnsons How niggas good assist Too. Like Isaiah Thomas, them cats like went seasons where they average like 12 assists Game Ron And they still and Ron and they still say like he's the best passer they ever seen.


So I'm like bro he really because his Eyes bro he think so He not fooling people because he can pass. Man lemme tell You something, that nigga gets bucket bro. He Cares about scoring bro. No I believe it bro. And He can score you saying you can outs score him bucket for bucket. It's Ain't too many cats. He owe Deshaun Jackson shit with that. Oh bro It ain't too many. I'm Talking like They had D Dova and I was like I was killing and he was like you better keep that shit going then. And I was like nigga it ain't gonna stop. And he was like well see if you could outs score me. I was like yeah I had 19. What you end up with? 19 How much you end up with like 38? I probably seen him get outdo one time I was living that.


That nigga laughing. Yeah I only seen LeBron get outdo where like they was going at it and somebody outdo him. I only seen it happen when I was there one time and that was when and he got his get back so it didn't matter. But like that was when K, when K when we played OKC on Christmas. Mm. And he went for like 30 something and KD went for 30 something. KD might have had one or two points more but like they was out there dueling to the point where it was like okay whichever one of them is the leading score, that's what whose team was going win. And I seen many duals like that. 'cause when D Rose we played them. Yes sir. The only reason we beat Chicago is 'cause D Rose had I think like 34 and Brian had like 35 and when we would go out and play Melo like it was like whoever I was about to say Melo them matchups was crazy back me When play Indiana it would be not so much bro.


'cause LeBron was going, he was do but whoever played better between Paul George and Dick Granger and D Wade was gonna be who won. Boy Jesus and D Wade used to get active against them. Bull. I Remember he used to especially the playoff time, He ain't got tell many On like no like no threes. He was like 13 for 20, 25 all field goals like yes I was like shit. And what's crazy even though people, I mean we lost them but there was battles though. Oh Nah it was battles it was nah. Indiana used to make us go through with it. It was Yeah that was when they Changed that verticality rule though. Yeah that's Roy hit the Max player. Nah Roy Hipper changed the game. I'm still asleep. And we had the young PG too. I'm still asleep. We ended boy hip career. Brian, Brian Dom. Yeah y'all and our Better than theirs too.


We came off the bench, our bench game was like what's the difference because Starter, if you looked at the starters like the score it was about even Mm it was talk about a nor it's crazy that y'all bench was the bench I had though with like having Shane Batier and Ray Allen coming off the bench. Mike Miller's like these dudes is nice. Yeah. Like I couldn't believe y'all had some of them on the minimal like as a at playing for the Hawks. Like we would've loved to had Ray Allen for that like, you know what I mean? Like how y'all, y'all you know I Though But you gotta remember all of them was like a hundred million dollar dudes though. Yeah. Like Mike Miller made crazy Bread. Yeah Rash made crazy. Rashad Lewis. Lewis made crazy.


So Shane Ain't make good money. Rasha was a max dude. It's like, Like listen, we would've gave y'all probably five, 6 million just to come to the house. Would've been super like you probably wouldn't have been a role player. You would've probably been an been our guy. Yeah. I always wanna ask him. Not ever brought me, I wonder how like that beef between him and Boston played outs for him to go to Miami Were rallying because I feel like any, any contender would've won a R at that time period. Nah, but Ray was trying to win. Yeah. And we had a need for him. That's a fact We Had He he he, he could've went anywhere and fit but we had an actual need because Mike Miller had that back injury. Yep. And you know we had James Jones but James Jones was like a specialist shooter.


Yeah. You know, shout out to Champ. He was a specialist shooter but we needed him in that second unit. And we, the way we play like moving, we Played fashion Start unit so we would like get up and down and so we had a direct need and so he was like, I'm I'll come, come there. The beef with Boston was just like salt on the wound. That was just like, 'cause he would've came anyway like if he was coming from like Milwaukee or somewhere came to Miami. But that beef he had with them that was just like extra I, I felt him though because It's like I thought they appreciated him the way they, I can't say that bro. I ain't gonna lie. I don't know. Was I fucked with Boston to go to play With Boston? Because you play with him. I'm speaking from a A fan that's you know you fuck with right.


I do too. But I'm saying you was in the gym with you was my Yeah, but I feel like him leaving them To go to Miami And pulling up on y'all was crazy from the outside It looked crazy. Yeah. So how my nigga don't Felt the robbery is like Yeah it wasn't, I used to want be ball team so bad bruh. For real because I just always felt like they ain't give a fuck about Miami. Like everybody else in the league was kind of like, besides like OKC and the Spurs. Yeah. In Dallas, Chicago. Win scared Chicago too. Yeah but everybody else kind of like all right we ain't gonna beat him like in Atlanta we wanted to play 'em but we, I thought we coulda beat y'all when we had Joe that team when I, I wasn't like my second year.


Yeah. I'm like are we compete? Y'all make the All Star Game? Nah, we compete 'em that year. Hell nah we ain't. But when I had, when it was Joe, Jamal, Josh Al, Marvin and I was coming off the bench then they still had bib. I'm like we can compete with 'em now we got, we match up, we can switch one through five And you coming off the bench. Yeah. Too fast for Bib. Yeah. But I'm like we can match up with Brian and them. Kurt Henry came, they traded bib we got, that's when Bib went there. We got Kurt. He like we can match up with him, we can play him now. We probably wasn't have beat y'all but we could match up. Mm. I ain't realize till after I left we could match up with any team. It's just a matter of we would just play different. Like whatever team was gonna do something we would just adjust our personnel.


So like yeah When we realized Chris bch, 'cause Chris had been working on that three ball for a while. He just never incorporated and remember he hurt himself and came back from injury. That's when we started playing small ball with him at the five. Okay. Once we realized we could play like that we was like however teams wanna play. If a team wanna go big we would just see B at the four Birdman or UD or Joel. Anthony play the five Joel Anthony just make it ugly. Teams wanna play pretty and go small ball CB go to the five, LeBron to the four Shane, Batier Garth, the four Dway, Ray Mia Rio. And then we would just play it like that so we could play any style And if you wanted to play ISO ball.


Which nobody really wanted to play 'cause Dway was a real ISO player type. Yeah. Nobody wanted to play possession ball with us except San Antonio. They was the ultimate possession team. But everybody else they knew they had to play a little fast because all we had to do was throw the ball to Dway on the wing, throw the ball to CCB at the, you know run that horns action, throw the ball that Was a nightmare and a half party deal With Oh man. And then you, you going to help off somebody and Shane Batier is gonna knock it down or Mike Miller they gonna knock it down. So like I realized when I left I was like man we could have played any style. Like people say how would y'all compete against other championship teams? I'm like honestly we could compete against any team 'cause we could play any style. It's just a matter of us changing our personnel around. I like playing against y'all 'cause y'all used to hedge like college.


Yeah I used to split them fucking ball screens so easy. I used to be like I can't wait to play my mc. I know I'm, we might not win but I'm gonna have a good as game. I'm gonna get something out the crowd To stop doing that. Hmm. It took us a long time to get outta doing that. Yeah I was, I'm gonna get something out the crowd. Damn. Think about that little nigga out there was killing. Let me get her Tony, we cut in the Ball boy ball boy get her lock in. Get Used to have some good games against us Though. Hell yeah because I used to hedge ball screen. I'm like they the only you Stayed splitting the ball. I'm it college. But then I hated people who set back 'cause you had to play in the the midi little pocket you couldn't shoot threes because they fight over so you had to play in the midi.


But I shot floaters but they hedged so I'm like let me get downhill. I was opposite. I didn't like when teams were hedged 'cause it was hard to make the pass out the hedge because I couldn't come off and just score anyway so they would be like in a drop or like a semi drop. CB was the best in the pocket pass. Yeah. Yeah. So I was, I used to practice it, learn how to skip it like so it bounced right to his shooting pocket. And then with Shane Batier he gonna pop all the way to the three. So like you the the guard guy guard you will stay on your hip. You just stretch, stretch, stretch and then Pass back wide open through. That's crazy. I threw that with Alford. Yep. I gotta ask man we see Pat Bev doing it now. You know what I'm saying? You had your time in NBA, you know what I'm saying?


How was that transition going to playing overseas? Because a lot of people get a misconception like there's a lot of great hoopers everywhere in the world but it's a totally different game. Especially a lot of people seen with the fever ball. How was that to go back to Justin, like you said you in the league you learn your role till you get your own company. Now you back to playing basketball a little bit to Cleveland the way you won to. How was that to go back? It's a little bit more refreshing that way. Nah for real. Like people were saying stuff about Pat be they don't understand he's trying to like end his career playing ball the way he grew up playing ball. He want to love it and like be himself And when you go overseas that's what you expect. They expect you to. If you from America, you American guard and you go overseas, they expect you to kill. Listen, when I say you was on the team with India, legend Deshaun Thomas. I said oh yeah that it is all about putting buckets up out there. I know what he on.


That's, that's all it was about bro. And it's like the game is different. So people be saying like it's harder to play fba. To me it's not. It's just a matter of what your skill set is. Like if you can play, if you got ones good ones and like if you can shoot a little bit you can play overseas 'cause you too fast for some of their guards to play one-on-one like nobody, one-on-one is gonna stay in front of me. In Europe it's it's slow like getting there. Yeah. The difference is when you get to the realm it ain't Dwight Howard back there blocking it so you got a chance to actually do layups. You the league Used to actually do The ball up bro. They brothers that's Bro The point guards will block your shot let alone the sinners So overseas that's why they don't have no three seconds.


They can just camp in the lane. There's some giants out there bro. Like seven three cats. Seven four cats out there And you learn also how to like pass on time on target 'cause if you don't pass on time the whole rhythm of the offense that you running out there would be bad 'cause they not one-on-one players. So they depend on hell yeah you passing to 'em on time. So I became like real precise but I was used to it from playing in Miami so they was like dang Noris you can score but you can pass better than what we, I'm like I just spent seven years passing to like the best players in the world and if I threw a bad pass it was like come out the game By his nails. Yeah. So yeah that helped. That made me, that's crazy. Love basketball again though. 'cause like you love basketball playing your role but like sometimes you just want to be yourself and when I, my my five years I played in Europe I was able to go back to Cleveland State style like coast to coast.


No dribble come down, no pass pull up. Niggas start feeling good Right. And they fucking with they like nah do it again next. Nah Nah for sure. For sure. That's fire for sure. Like you said like the business of basketball a lot of time gets in the wake we talk about some many people we know like we talk about the Mike Beads drill crowd. We know 'cause score the best of them. But the business and basketball can kind of make you, you know what I'm saying, put yourself in the shell but then a lot of people don't come outta that so kudos to you know what I'm saying that you getting your opportunity back to do what you do best and still one to hoop. 'cause a lot of people shit you 9, 8, 9, 10 years are doing the same thing. You was like I ain't even trying to go back to that type shit. Nah for sure. That's why a lot of the guards overseas that are really good, they don't come back to the league 'cause they like bro I can't go back to sitting on the bench bro.


No matter how much. Even if I'm getting vet minimal like guys like Mike, James, Shane, Most buckets ever over there. You know what I'm saying? Them two, Shane Lar and Mike James out, they getting busy out there none. Kendrick nun, he out there, he just won a, won a championship and was MVP like it's a bunch of guys. Rde, Hollis, Jefferson, he overseas man. One of the coldest international players in the world bro. Can nobody, nobody see Rend but to come back to the NBA and then be relegated. Some dudes ain't willing to do that and and they paying you like they paying you. Nice. Once you prove, once you go out there and you, you approve it here man they, they can pay you a livable ways where you like eating good and I always say it spend the same, don't matter where you get it from. It All.


That's shout to them you're all man it's banks everywhere huh Bro. And you get to live in places where people pay the vacation. Like yeah I, the Mafi coast I played in the mafia coast out there Italy. I played in Tel Aviv, I played in Malaga south of Spain. I played in like the capital of Montenegro. So like va real vacation spots like damn That's vibe I just played in Puerto Rico like, so it's like, you know people be paying big money to go. I'm living out there for the That's what I was just about to ask you. The the the lifestyle adjustment. The food is so good out there bro. I'm gonna be honest with you. For real. That's the best part about it. Damn. No. 'cause no that's the first conservative Time I heard it Bro. The fruit be like real fruit.


The, it ain't all that fake sugar and stuff in the food out there. It's fresh, it's, it's dope. The Food And then the, then the views out there, you know. Yeah. Nice views. Damn. I heard that about that though. That the food's good Bro. I ain't gonna lie. When I, I got mixed real when I had a real Italian pasta bro, spaghetti from Italy, like a Italian man made it bro. Like the chef I was like and then a real pizza, not that greasy stuff that we we be having. Yeah. Real Italian pizza. I was like I see why guys don't want to come back. I see why guys get married out there and stay out there bro because it Crazy. You gotta get some of B pasta my boy or cater to I'm here. Yeah. I'm here to kill you and I hear you ain't ain't, ain't no yeah ain't no, ain't no motherfucking Italian.


This is straight me yo season To perfection. The Tony's gonna be in that motherfucker. Damn. Tonys for sure Bro. You coulda looked out there. You would've liked it though, at least for one year, one or two years. The only part you wouldn't have liked is a long season. I had a chance to go to Barcelona but I just, damn for real. When I first retired they wanted me to come out there, I just, They always try to pluck the freshly retired player. They always try to Do that. I was like look Jacob Pull was out there for a second one Barcelona.


Yeah. I don't know who was out there. I was like man hell nah, Nah you, you may, you did enough damage to where you ain't. I should have went though. I, it would been a cool experience but I'm so like homebody. That's why I live in Indianapolis now. Had to pay Ain't gotta tell me. That's why I live in, that's why I live in Dayton. Yeah. I'm a homebody. I quit going back out there bro. It would take a lot for me to go back out there. Yeah, that's, That's Why I find other leagues to play in 'cause 10 months is like that's crazy. Damn. Damn. But they be out. Some cats be out there training camp start in August bro. They want you out there Way sometime. I'm no way bro. Aint No way. So you Up to until nigga August through May. Like How would I be able to podcast If your team was good?


June, when I played for Tel Aviv we won the Israeli championship. I left at the end of August. I didn't get home till June 20 something bro. Or June like the, the last week of June. I was like this is crazy. You happy you win the championship. It Was like Bro this is crazy. Yeah That heard Tel Aviv nice though, Right? One the nicest places in the world. I'm be honest with you. It's like Miami, New York and San Francisco all in one. Damn. I ain't mad to be out there for some. Yeah Right. I up for because They at the beach. They got the beach hung up for 12. They got the beach, they got the skyline like New York and they got all the tech like house, you know San F Shorter vibes up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a good time. That's debatable.


Nah, I'm just, You kind gimme me some real chicken out there. If I'm in the NBA though. Yeah I to go to another. You gonna get some millions. You gonna get bro trust. Nah, I'm just saying like bread, you really a homebody like that. Like I'm a homebody the Money to be into it though. The Money was cool. My mind wasn't there. I was Like you don't worry about the money if your mind ain't in it if you can't do the grinder. Like that's what, that's why I stopped going out there as much because it's like basketball is basketball but I'm like man, I it's 10 months is too long for one too. Like I want to be at home now. Like I done paid my dues. I'm a veteran now. Like I should be able to fly home, sleep in my bed sometimes. So it's like Nah my mind wasn't ready for nothing like that bro.


And they talk crazy to you sometimes too. That's the part I would've left no matter who. No matter who you are. They, they are they on that? Yes bro. I would've left every now and then. Like You are a foreigner bro. That's exactly right. They at home. Yeah. I would've left Foreigner got any, they would've been like Jeff crazy To Calvary to take you to Calvary. Two days to get out there. Oh yeah bro. And they can't come Calvary. Yeah. Like Niggas not pulling up. My niggas ain't got passport. She I thought was talking about church. I done been the cab. I done thrash of the camera. You talking about? What was that? Bishop Greenley. Bishop Greenley back. It's Greeley. That's what Bishop, well I done jumped off the Roastary.


That's Bishop Greenley put the name, put it back in his intro. Man Green is back man you Jeff Hardy off Thery crazy Y'all hey, Hey Into Thery. Off the top Green Jelly. Full effect. It's like that out there though. I mean hey Respect. Hey man, shout to everybody overseas getting into it man. We appreciate it. Before we get up outta here at Norris man, we appreciate you sliding on us man. Tell the people they can find you At at Big Do No You can find me on Instagram. Norris Cole with the blue check mark. Okay. PG 30 Cole on the Twitter and TikTok Norris Cole 30 My boy.


Be out here catching my Gils arena to get into it man. For sure. Absolutely. We appreciate you sliding on us man. Do this again West. I been trying to get over here man. You know I saying we love to make it happen. I ain't gonna lie, I'm still shitty but it's because let that shit go before we outta here being in. Tell the people they can grab some merch at hold on Norris. What was that score again? 83 69 Respect state Workforce Damn Shop club five twenty.com baby. We flip it up. We what type this nigga he my he fuck with we he gonna say that shit up King The Volume.


Plug in a Hyundai ev and the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the Ioni five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 IQ five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Iion X six se long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents Goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime and sight. That's the power of Mrs. Meyers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Meyer's collection of household products is inspired by the garden. Each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hi, It's Colin. I just discovered J Lab headphones and I am totally hooked. J Lab imagines and delivers personal tech headphones, earbuds and office accessories that consumers want. Try the J Buds luxe over ear headphones for noise canceling travel. Discover your perfect pair of headphones. Look for the J Lab, blue Box at Target, Walmart, best Buy and More. Or visit j lab.com.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with These open air buds To have good sound to be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more, check out bs.com.