
I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their Era with Steph Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. So you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


The Volume. Alright, we back man. Another episode of Club five 20 podcast. Live in the bay with it. Since we in the Bay, Michelin ness is only right man. Bayer is finest in the building with us. Especially, he ain't need to guess I out this family already in the building. I'm, I'm a real family of the show. I ain't a friend of the show. I watch every episode man. Appreciate that. I love what Teague did on the court. I fuck with my nigga B he n. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? My nigga DJ Wells. What y'all doing for the culture is important. I wanted to bring my brothers through because they run the culture out here in the Bay Area and sometimes in the Bay Area. A lot of us don't get the platforms we deserve. So I wanted to make sure we highlighting our culture during Allstar weekend and y'all allowed us to do that so we appreciate that.


Sure Bro. I'm saying it's all Coach Mitchell. This all tied in for sure. To my far left, my dog Bishop B, he out the pearl least how you what? Nasty. Cool. And Ashley got one of my guys on here man. So I'm excited for this one for sure. Hey man, we never thought this Symba would be here. Be one of my favorite back quarters, man. Nah, Be here. My new best friend Doo. We B here had a good time last night man. Yeah, I'll say B here is very disciplined. Yes, he's very disciplined and I'm not Love man. See, let the church, that's gonna be a real Nah Luis, cut that out. Yeah, but show to my right my dog. Young Nacho, young Teague, how you work Cooling bro.


Excited. Me and Behan was talking about this a minute ago, how we used to send each other the raps, the real, the freestyles and like how this moment is huge for us bro. We, we excited 'cause we was fans. Yeah. So have him on the show. This is gonna be dope. Now Teague, I've been a fan of you since Wake Forest. Man, you gotta remember when I dmd you, I sent you them basketball clips to show you I was a real hooper. Yeah, I really watched your come up nigga. Like I'm a fan. Like I know what it take. That's why when Gil was in here yesterday talking that bullshit, I said, Gil, you know how hard it is to score 12 points in the NBA nigga. You talking about you just going dog. These niggas Like ain't It ain't gonna go that way.


Not at all. Matter Of fact, Gil canceled the game today, didn't He? Yeah. Somebody was dodging. You see the flyer, somebody was the fire posted back, somebody was dodging. How, how have you guys experienced being in a bay this weekend? It's been cool bro. It's been cool. Been great for me man. Especially last night. Mm. We can't speak too much. But I told, I told the guys, I said Yeah every time I enter California period I'm tapping in with my guy. Yeah, yeah. So I appreciate that love. Shout out to Hennessy for sure. Shout out to Hennessy family. There is our People over there for sure. But now the love you show last night, bro, it's for Real. No, we appreciate it man.


It's, it's, it's a lot of things that's going on behind the scenes to make sure we keep everybody safe. Yeah. Keep everybody feeling welcome. Just having y'all here, right. Gilbert Arena is my big brother. Shout, shout to Gil. Gil and Wallo everybody like we wanna make sure when you guys come to California, especially to the Bay Area, y'all taking care of and y'all feel appreciated because we appreciate what y'all do for us as a coach. Appreciate that And shout out to the Bay man. Especially like the last couple weeks you've been seeing everybody giving the respect they supposed to. Tupac talk about how he came to the bay and got his hustle. Master P talked about how he came out here, got his game and took it back to the no. So you know what I'm saying? Especially for our people. The real culture black people, the Batman lot.


Man. Man, what's up Up man? I brought, I brought one of the most ignorant Bay area niggas with me. Okay. Rab explain to him how we live as a culture out here in the Bay Area. Well first of all we players, you know what I'm saying? We players and we, we come from that panther cloth, you know what I'm saying? So we come from that panther cloth and a lot of, a lot of drug dealers, big time drug dealers. You know that crack area hit us hard too. So Yeah. Like we just full of game. So when y'all hear Tupac's in, he got that game from here. That's what it's about. It's about the gang game And we on an island so in the whole United States it's the only place that probably don't have no gangs.


So we don't have no gangs, not no black gangs. Yeah. So ain't no cribs, no bloods, no gds, no vice, none of that. We just straight niggas. No for sure for sure. Got turf wars though. No it get tricky everywhere though. It, it get tricky. But I got a question on that big, big fan of y'all show too appreciate Draymond is one of my best friends and I've been shout out to D shout out to shout and I been, and I know y'all over there at the Value and I've been watching y'all rise. But one thing I like about y'all show though is one thing I always tell you, I I love the way y'all get on there and say what the fuck y'all wanna say? That shit fired me. Nah, I appreciate that. I'm be like yeah this, this is this. That right there is what this shit supposed to be like.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So I appreciate what y'all, I got a question. What did y'all hear before y'all got out here on y'all way to All Star Weekend? Like what was the things that was going through y'all head when y'all got off the plane? Like this is what we about to see. Shit we pulled up, shout out to Henny. See we did Henny Arena last year in San Francisco. So we had pulled up but what we remembered was if we get a rental to make sure the car unlocked Yeah. Or don't or don't put shit in the motherfucking view because that, that will be, your liability is gonna be used in that, in that claim. Yeah. That's the fact. Somebody put us on game, we pulled up and we like yeah remember no rentals, we Nigga kept hitting that lock button walking down the street. Sure. What they, what they failed to tell y'all is y'all caught the tail end of the bi and shit.


That was like a trend. Okay. Right. So y'all caught the tail. That shit didn't like died down. We, we might be close to a year past that right. Re Yeah, for sure. Because what happens is every once everybody starts you like not leave nothing in the cars leaving they windows down so they, because the broken windows was the headache, you know what I'm saying? Then all the bis was like shit we ain't making no money now so this shit started to go away. In my opinion we ain't really had a whole lot of that within the last year or so, but Oh okay. Said progression boy pulled show Respect. Niggas is getting Uber stamp Car industry, Uber get bit we'll bi, you in the Uber out here nigga Y got Ubers with no drivers.


Y'all got the remote cars right here. Waymo shut out to Waymo. Yeah. Wait, don't wipe me down in a Waymo. I can't even get your refill off. Ain't do nothing about It. Well see for sure now that we got a relationship with you now we just getting car service through you now. Are you good? You good? We gonna make sure y'all straight man anytime y'all you Facts. Facts. Nah bro. We know the world know you as a rapper. All you love ball hoop like Yeah. What was your position in high school? I was a two guard man. I still hold the point record at my high school I dropped 47 and three quarters. I was very passionate about basketball but I got caught cheating on my S-E-S-A-T test so I didn't pass clearinghouse rules.


Okay. That's how I ended up becoming a rapper. I was like I gotta do something else because I didn't talk too much shit to go to the 13th grade. You know what I'm saying? I'm not going to a JC and go ball at a jc. I done told all the girls I was going to Duke lying my ass off but rapping worked out for me. Did some school, some schools checking you out though, like did you take it seriously? Hell yeah I had, I had a lot of offers. I just was a, a hard head bro. I didn't listen. Yeah. I was very spoiled as a kid. You know I, I come from a rich culture, a rich heritage and I didn't have the work ethic. The, I always say if, if I'd have made it to the league, I'd have been worse than Teague. I would've been a nigga that would've been in the strip club right after the game.


I know Teague used to go to Magic City right after them. Haws games. Nah, I've Only been there at halftime. Magic City was my spot. My my spot was Diamonds of Atlanta was right by my crib. Okay, okay, Okay. My challenger used to be posted up. I was legendary there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now I Got a question for you. You know what I'm saying? You open your hoops and stuff. I gotta ask you who the best pg outta Oakland? Ooh Jason Kidd. Jason. Jason Kidd 1000%. Shout out to Gary Payton as well. You Don't think Dame gonna catch you Man, Dame Dame still got work to do. Dame still got work To do Five Boy that's quiet. Dame Still got work to do If, if J Kid played in Alameda.


Does that count Kid played in Oakland? Oh high school ball St. Joe And the Alright bet. Alright. He was outside. Okay. Okay. Respect. I ain't mad at that. You got Gary Payton, it's just y'all got GP for sure. Definitely shout to Gary Payton. Shout out to Leon Poe too. Shout out to Leon Poe. Okay. Shout real I beat But Dame Dame little different Dame Dollar different bro. Like game One Of the coaches, Jason Kidd was one of your traditional pgs but Damon Lilly bro is probably the best player to come outta Oakland bro. But y'all probably know better. You know you talking about some other, I Wouldn't disagree with you.


I only said J Kidd because of the heritage and how we grew up watching J Kidd. So I know Dame is still fulfilling his career. Yeah, he got a lot more to go. I just talked to him the other night and I know he want that ring but J Kid is somebody we seen playing high school go to the NBA coach. Like we've watched this whole thing and he's also big in our community out here as well. Sure. So it's just a different level of love and respect when it come to J Kid. But so to Dame as well. I wanna say this about Dame too. Y'all I used to be at all Dame games 'cause my brother played against him. He's the same dude, he's the same. Nothing has changed from high school to the pros. He was pulling from logo in high school.


Most niggas get benched for that. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Especially at them times. Kids just throwing that motherfucker up now. Yeah. But Dame was pulling and he had the green light So you know he could shoot. But shout out to O high man Dame was a fool for up at at that school. Yeah, Most definitely. Man on top of that to see what Dame did. He probably is 'cause I might had to agree with that. He might be close to the best player to come outta here that didn't have the most hype coming outta here. He went, he went to Weber. He went to Weber and shot the piss out the ball. Yeah. And the way he turned it up there, I don't think nobody thought Dame coming out of Oakland High. You know what I'm saying? Was finna turn into what he did. He went there, he was shooting lights out, you couldn't deny him and then it, then he kept going. You know what I'm saying? It never leveled out.


He got to the league and just turned the fuck up. So shout out to Dame 'cause I don't in high when he was in high school, I don't know if he had the hype that some of the other dudes he Did. Nah. I think Ray Young had more hype coming outta high school than You ever played against. I dunno. Ray Young. How old is he though? UCLA? Nah, nah, that's damn I had a Davis jersey. We grew up watching media. Yeah. I be tripping on what made Dame decide to, I'd be curious to find out from his people how he decided to go to Weber. That's what, know what I mean? Offers, He said his, his assistant coach he was fly with for back from the crib.


He was just like, he was out here was just like, hey, like I got a shot for you out here. He say he rocked with it. Yeah, he came and talked about that for sure. He said we were say won a few places he could go. Yeah. He said he was a direct correlation from this city. He tapped in. That was excellent choice. Alright. Symba. So you know what I mean. Hoop didn't work. You was a damn fool. So you can't hoop no more. What Was the rap? I was undisciplined being, I wasn't a fool. I was just Undisciplined. I know, I I got you though. That's why I'm in your life now. I got you. I got you my nigga. Nah that was some for real shit though. Like what was the, what was the rapping influence though? Man, bro, just You guys take you to the studio, you know what I mean?


Did you randomly freestyle around the team? Like how you get into it? Man, honestly bro, it was something we started like hooping. Like we used to be in the locker room. Just freestyling and rapping, you know what I mean? Yeah. Just having fun. I'm sure y'all did the same thing coming up. Just having fun with it. Being on the team bus. My name is Symba. Yeah. I got them bitches. Yeah. Boy Used to do that. You know what I'm saying? All the time we cooking Niggas. That's, that's where it started. That's where it started from. But I just kept going and I fell in love with the craft and I'm somebody that like I love the process of things more than I actually do the beginning of it or the ending result.


So I love going through the process and rap for me was something that was like the first thing that I was never good at that I had to work to get better at. Mm. Right. So like hoop, I was a natural athlete so I could literally get in the game and my C list effort would be a lot of people's a work, you know what I mean? Wow. But music was something I really had to learn and really get into the craft of it and I just fell in love with it from there. I got a question for you. I ain't gonna start by like who you feel like, who like influenced you musically? Like basketball who you play? Like They call me Lance Symba. Mm. Who call you? Me. What? Like Lance, you Lance. That's what they call me. A LA Fitness. Oh. They call me Lance Symba.


So you, You bully Bull. I'm a, I'm a defender, you know what I'm saying? I knocked down a couple threes but I'm gonna irritate the fuck out you So You Pat be? Yes sir. Okay. Yes sir. Yes sir. I'm gonna get all in your ear. I'm gonna talk that shit. I'm gonna steal the ball from you. I'm gonna do Pulse. I'm gonna do whatever I'm supposed to do to make sure we win the game. No bro. Okay. See I never Thought you was a defender. Nah nigga. I locked niggas up. Pause. I'm just saying you said 47. I thought you was just thought score. Score. Yeah that's, that's when I'm ball hogging and nobody out there guarding me. Oh Okay. Okay. So if I got some defenders on me, I'm gonna adapt and go the other way and I'm gonna knock down some threes and play some defense. Okay. Oh That gate. Oh no we talked about music. Like who influenced you to rap?


Like I know you said you started off on the hoop tip rapping on the bus and stuff, but like when you got serious about it like nah, even before that, like who was you listening to? Like that's my shit Man bro. Jay-Z, like Jay-Z was way Jay-Z Jada Kiss. I seen Jada Kiss last night, which was crazy 'cause I had my best friend with me and she told him like, this nigga never happens without you. 'cause we used to ride to school to Jada Kiss. Like she told him how we used to be late to class to go buy his albums and things like that. Yeah. So I always was inspired by like reality rap. Not just people that could rap because of rhyme. Yeah. People that really said something that spoke to our culture and spoke to our community and pushed us forward as a culture is what I always related to.


So the Jada kisses, the Kendrick Lamars the Drakes. Mm.


Let's get into that subject. Who's scoring big in a BA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props, money lines, you name it, DraftKings. Got it all. New customers. Now's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus. Best instantly. Take us to the record to DraftKings Sports book where every point counts. Download the app today. Use Code Club five 20. Yes. That's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets for just five bucks. Only on DraftKings The crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in Resorting, Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Hey, what's going on? It's DJ Wilson Club five 20.


Hey This is be here from Club five 20 a Row partner. Come on man. You know, sponsor by row the family. Big supporters of what they got going on over there. Man listen man, you trying to get right in the bedroom. You gotta go and tap in with Rose Sparks. First of all, you gotta go online so they can make sure they can prescribe you this. You know what I'm saying? This is something that's healthy for you. They have professionals to make sure that you can actually use the product before you tap in and it be here and tell 'em how it go. Yeah, this is a prescription based medication only. So once you get it, man, it takes 15 minutes to kick in and once you ready to go, you ready to go man? Most definitely man. Just dissolves right there. Like I'm saying, get you a little 15 minutes on average and listen, you can do whatever you want to. It's good for 36 hours. If you wanna spend a block, do your thing player. If prescribed new patients will receive $15 off your next purchase at ro.co/club. Five 20 Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law but aren't FDA approved and do not undergo FDA safety effectiveness or manufacturing review. For full safety information go to ro.co/safety info.


What's up everybody? I'm Travon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Steph Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When You have a scouting report and you're on the the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five. Dirk four Asia is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him, I left him off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There Was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you sinned it. Yeah you was like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's Extremely pink. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG Atto winner and sixth time Lady J Winner And Keira k Dixon NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to say all my Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like. Plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda b Otis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune to our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Extra tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, they're Shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shanking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app Apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Drake and Kendrick. How y'all feel about that? Ah, this nigga Mess. Shit got Wicked. How y'all feel about that? It is going seems Super Bowl. I like that new Drake album. I I say this another part I wish shout to p and DI just wish it was future on some of them songs instead of him. Really? What you like about the album nigga? I would love to gimme a hug song. I'm sorry. Now, now hear fu Imagine Future on that. I love it. Hard just Drake alone though. This do We really need fu on that? Shout out to Pluto boy. Nah, he don't need it. Did got on that. Nah, gimme a hug is crazy. Did his thing on that I play? Nah, he he, he was great. I fuck with the type though. I ain't, I Ain't met it. I rock with it man. Shout out to Drake. Shout out to Kendrick.


But yeah, those guys bro. J Cole, anybody that was a great, like I've always been a friend of people. That's great. Yeah. You know what I mean? I used to argue with people when I was a kid that would say Gucci Man was better than Jay-Z but they just didn't understand Jay-Z at the time because they was living the Gucci man life niggas in the street. But You know, you gotta, because it's all of opinion. But when people, when you really in that life, not saying y'all wasn't, but when people, some people are programmed like that nigga is talking about literally What? That's how we was for Booy though. Yeah. What was Booy like on y'all side? 'cause y'all from that nap town, JZ On your side side.


Booy Got Nap Town a little different. What was it like having Booy over there? He was like, like you said he was like he was Jay. Yeah bro. If you were a trap artist at the Switch that time, Jeezy, WEBY, Booy Gotti. Hey bro, S baby shower show if Jay-Z there and Booy there, it's like who you Going to? What's up? What's up? What? I don't know if y'all too old y'all C cd, cd O. So y'all remember when we used to have the CDs in the, in the binder? Yeah. Oh yeah. We old bro. I'm 40. Okay. Bet, bet, bet. Right. That niggas look good niggas bro. But look, that was when you could, right now somebody could just send you a song. You used to add it to a library. Take a second. But back then the, the CD binder told me everything I needed to know about facts, who you fuck with.


So you had to physically go to the record store, buy the shit, you treated it different. So if I open a nigga cd, binder up, whoever's in there. Oh that's who you really fucked with. Nah. Yeah, for sure. So if you open my shit, it was gonna have, I had Limewire up, I was burning the shit out cd. I never went to jail for that shit. That was, that was the Limewire. That's what fucked the game up. Yeah. Yeah. Limewire shit. Limewire. Where we at right now? Limewire was the beginning of streaming. Yep. A lot of people don't know is Spotify was the first paywall that the industry could put streaming behind. You had Limewire, you had Bear Share, you had Napster, shout to Bear Share, you had all these different platforms.


And in 2006 Spotify came with a creation that Steve Jobs tried to give them in 1999 that the labels wasn't interested in. But it all ended up turning into streaming. Oh Yeah. 'cause y'all had too short. But that was the real freaky tales over there on that lawnmower. Boy that nigga had them movies going Freaky. So freaky this podcast. Yeah Nigga. Nigga had that QK DVD going nigga for the five. That shit was download for three days, bro. Original Boyhood always wanted to ask Teague something just because he, he he one of my favorite people that I love to hear.


Tell stories and speak. What was the your favorite city that you love to play in like that you, that you wasn't on the team man, but you love to go there and play? As far as like the outside world or like hooping? Hooping. Ah, I like to play in Utah. Ooh. Park City. Yeah, because it's nothing to do. You can just focus. They gonna be again, I love when people against me. Yeah. Like they boo me and shit. I'm fine with that. And that's how it is in Utah. So you can lock in, have a good game. I play great in Utah every time. Would you say you somebody that performs better under adversity? Yeah. My back against the wall, I probably play better. Yeah. That's how I am as a rapper. Like when I be feeling like niggas got me fucked up.


Yeah. I write my best shit in the world. Yeah. So I can relate to that Outside of the bay. What's your favorite place to perform in Utah? Man, this nigga Park City. Shout out to Jasmine Rose. Okay. And Park City, Utah. Oh he did that. Thought it was bullshit. Hey Utah book is going Queen. I was like damn Utah perform in Utah every month. I love Utah. We just left Sundance Festival out there. I actually got a movie coming out called Freaky Tales where I play too short. 1987. Oh coming out. Oh that's all bro. Yeah, we just premiered it in Sundance in Utah. We gonna be dropping the trailer real soon.


I think it's Andre I Dallas Jersey retirement night. Where we dropping the trailer? I'm not supposed to say this but it's Club five 20 so fuck it. We here. Come on. Exclusive man. That's all you playing short. That's, that's fire. What was up 87 Baby? That's fire. What? Like I don't know about well else celebrity or artist that put you on a platform like introduced you to the world. Man the nigga LeBron. LeBron changed my life. Like literally LeBron. The reason I'm here, that's why like when it come to Michael Jordan, I'm biased. Every time they want to have that go conversation, I'm gonna run with LeBron. 'cause LeBron changed my life man. That's one person to where it's like he put my song in the front of Space Jam too.


You know what I'm saying? He made sure I was taking care of on the red carpet. He made sure I was seen. He made sure I got with John Legend and he just rocked with my freestyles so he didn't have to do that. Yeah. You know what I mean? And Draymond as well shout out to both of them. They both played a part in my, my come up. So I'm, I'm forever embedded to them and forever love them forever. They my big brothers right there. Nah, that's what Sure why. Listen, I know like making mix tapes making album is different but that that movie score. Oh yeah. That's a different situation. Oh yeah. Especially when you control the music in there too. Especially when you do that. It's a lot of fun. One thing that making a movie taught me is like why the music industry is not thriving right now.


Because as a movie it's a production. I think one of the hardest things to do is get your team on one accord as a whole. Most definitely. You know what I mean? And when you shooting a movie you got the camera guy, you got the director, you got whoever it may be, they all in sync and music's not like that. So I really enjoy shooting a movie because I can appreciate the process of the production For sure. It is like a lot of ego involved in music that kind of hinders people from those. When you go to movie sets or even podcast productions, everybody gotta roll. Everybody ain't trying to out sound each other, other movie. Everybody gotta be in sync or the movie's terrible. Everybody getting fired. Facts, music, too much ego involved and people just going straight with stuff. That's why you see like legendary rappers and producers break up. It's like y'all been making crack forever. But facts, little bitty stuff getting in the way.


Facts. What's what's that like in sports T? Because I know it's, it's tough when the team ain't on wanna chord break that down for Us. Yeah it's different in the NBA 'cause it's a money based league. So if you on a max deal, obviously you got more pool than somebody on a minimum deal. Yeah. So it's never gonna be like one accord. 'cause I'm trying to get paid, I'm trying to get where you at. So when I'm in the game, I'm trying to get my extra five shots. Mm. I'm trying to do whatever I do that I can get some more money from my family. Ooh. So you never, that's why when I played in the NBA, I didn't look at it like that. Like I always make jokes about the league and stuff and it was fun or whatever, but I knew it was a business. Like I'm on a fast break and I got somebody who can jump behind me.


I'm not throwing the ball back. I need my two. Like the crowd. The crowd not gonna be feeling that like throw the ball back in my dunk. Yeah, no I need my two. I average eight, I got six, I need my eight. You know what I mean? So it's kind of a weird league. If you find a groove with a team that everybody got paid already. That's when you see the good team. That's why when y'all had Oakland with the Warriors, everybody had already been paid. Man that's a, that's another conversation that we've been having out here too. 'cause since the Warriors left Oakland, it felt like the Warriors lost that culture. Yeah. When we walk into the chase center we love it. We appreciate everybody there the problem. But when they were in Oakland, I knew the security guards. Yeah. You know what I mean? It was never a time that where I was standing outside and couldn't get into the, the player's interests or couldn't get into the arena because people in Oakland knew who I was.


So shout out to everybody at the Chase center. But we are really missing that culture of what we had when we were in Oakland versus what's at the Chase center now? Nah, when y'all played in Oakland, the vibe was way different. Like I felt like we could win when we came in the chase center. Mm When you played in Oakland, Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Rewind that. Rewind that. Rewind that what you mean. You felt like you could win Like the vibe ain't the same. Like when you used to come in Oakland, especially when y'all that run first started when Stephan Clay, Mark Jackson, that whole era you knew you was losing when you came here. Yeah. The crowd was too much. Like they had gone 15 point runs so easy. The crowd was too much when they got to the chase center. It was what was, yeah it was green.


What was it like, what was it like? Like having to go against that? You got Clay on one side, you got Katie over there, you got Draymond pushing the ball up to kick it to Curry. That was cheating. What Was that like as a, as a player, as like somebody that's really out there on the floor with them niggas, how confusing was that? Your Goal was just to make it to the fourth quarter. If it was a close game by the fourth, then you got a chance to win it. Like oh we just gotta stay close to the fourth man that first quarter. If they go out and go on a 20 old run, they they could do that. They could hit five, six threes in a row and it's over with. You done. They gonna win by 30. Yeah because you can't shoot with them. You couldn't keep up. But if you can get to the fourth quarter and make it interesting, that's how you had to think about it when you play here.


But if that halftime you down 15, it's over. Make it to the fourth. Hey we start playing, making your plans bro. And it's, or I'm going tonight. Interest you brought that up is like the situation with Dallas. Like they trying to get that resort right. So all the fans who've been around that organization's pissed because they heart and souls into this. But you look at the organization it's like nah we about to build this resort, we about to get this bread. So it's kind of the same situation. It sucks when you're successful 'cause now it's time for more opportunity. But said the people along the way to build this stuff, they get lost in the situation but then people don't even get looked at as people they get looked at as numbers in the situation. Right. That's what I tried to tell. You know Red was having this conversation, we was talking about Raiders leaving and going to Vegas. Yeah. How that kind of fucked the city up and you know that it was the tailgating and all the shit around the surrounding Raiders was like, that was like a lifestyle.


It was a part of our, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. The fabric of Oakland and then when they left with them, when you look at it, when they go from one of the like worst value teams in sports to like worth billions of dollars. And then when you look at it from that aspect, like how do you a business, how you not do that? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Lemme ask you a question though. So how do y'all feel all y'all in this room? So when we was having that conversation, I asked him, because sports has fans though, right? Yeah. And so the fans have to be into it. Are we heading towards super corporate to where like I look back at old games and fans didn't even have jerseys on. They didn't even have team gear on. Like if you look at old NBA videos in the eighties, it wasn't, the apparel wasn't even selling like that.


So do y'all feel like sports is moving to that? Just like we gonna be big and the team is gonna be worth this but we don't care about the championships? Well I mean, championships don't necessarily make you valuable unless you're trying to sell the team to an extent. I mean of course you wanna have a successful organization, but look at the Dallas Cowboys. We didn't want a Superbowl since I was elementary school, but they're the most profitable business in sports Cowboy fan. Unfortunately bro that must suck. It's a narcotic cocaine. Somebody had a Jerry Curl in that house. Shout on. He had a little side hustle and a job. Feel me for him to say that in the Raiders is the a ffc equivalent to the cowboy. We like, we we really the same friend. Nah y'all, our fans different. We feel how they feel. Y'all friends the Raiders fans.


Y'all respect y'all, y'all move differently than Cowboys fans, Cowboys fans. They, they whatever. Ray Smith. But what I'm saying Jerry Jones is really out they philosophies and the way they, nah twin Jerry Jones is a better business man. But out they philosophy on the, on the team owner ownership of it is the same. They ain't all the business. Yeah. They all, you know what I'm saying? All the videos Concession Vegas. True. Jerry Jones All the luxury box. Damn For real. The concession. Oh yeah, it's over real. Come On bro. That's Gang. Oh nigga. He on the Raiders. That's crazy. Ion stand this dope game On bro. Some of the shit I see Jerry Jones do. I'd be like damn Al Davis is living through he, he would've did that same exact shit.


Nah, for sure. I mean look at the NBA bro. Look how long it took him to get Old boy from From the Clippers away. Yeah, from Di like he bought that for with a hundred. Come on bro. Look how long it took, how much blatant shit had to happen for them to make him sell that team? Yeah. Yeah bro. Let me ask y'all a question man. How y'all feel about the Niners though? I'm from, Let say this, I'm a Niners hater. I'm from, Fuck him. 49 ERs. Man. Say it again. Fuck them 49 ERs. We Raider Fans over here. I Mike can I join Raider? Hold on. Get my good side. Y'all ready? Y'all ready? Fuck The 49 ERs man, we Raider fans out here Man.


Take Me up. Favorite team 49 ERs when they go deeper than that. 'cause you know Oakland is the blue collar city. Yeah. And San Francisco is like just, they like the princesses of the, you know what I'm saying? They kind of like, That's the way they just got money. Get us canceled again. But you, you get off, you, You gotta realize we, we, we from Oakland. I thought you gonna say like the Kings Nah, no, no, no, no, no, no, No. And when I say princesses I'm not talking about they are princess I'm saying the way they're treated. Okay. You know what I'm saying? They, they apologize for the, we like the Raiders.


We like the stepchild of this shit. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Iron workers, blue collar, that type of shit. You know what I'm saying? We get Marcus, we get the worst of everything real Vanessa. But we, Vanessa we were all the culture at With Colin Kaepernick. I got a theory about Colin Kaepernick. Oh do you, I Got a theory about Colin Kaepernick. What's the theory? And I never said this but we on Club five 20, I'm with my nigga Teague, my nigga DJ Wells and my nigga B hand out the pearls. I'm gonna say it. I think that nigga got on that blackety black shit. 'cause he was playing terrible. I Think, I think it started going bad and he was having a bad season and he just started taking a knee to take attention off his performance.


He wasn't even playing though. He met a girl that opened his, opened his eyes up to Oh. But he wasn't playing at that time though. When he started he was, he was coming off the bench at that time. It was definitely my, well That ain't where, where I thought he was gonna go With that one. I thought he, that's my nigga a Sigma sign. I Thought he had some bigger info. I just always felt like it came out nowhere. Like it was just like, he just started taking a knee one day outta nowhere and it was just like, where'd this come from? Yeah, I, the time it could be, you know, be impeccable. But yeah, the, the play was definitely the client at the top. So when Deion Sanders was on the nine Rs, I ain't fuck with him either. Hell Yeah.


That's prime time We love him. Yeah, I did fuck with Prime but I was a big Rod Woodsy fan. So you one of my closest homies. Shout back forth Hanks. Huh? Hank. I thought Rod Wilson was a better DB than Dion. I gonna say yeah, I Oh no we going start that One Again. Again. What? Said no? No. Nope. Rod Wilson did it all. Yo, y'all remember Rod Wilson right? We moved. Most definitely did. He did. He did it all. A lot of Dion shit. We really didn't get to see a lot of Dion 'cause it was scared to go his direction. That's my, if you can make plays and I kick 'cause they not throwing my way, I'm probably better but, but I just, I just wanted that one clip where I seen Dion just stick his head.


Oh nah you wasn't getting that. He wasn't. Nah, nah. You gonna get shoes straight now. Listen. Win Mic Mond that Rod Wilson won of the hardest throwbacks of all time. Oh yeah. The Hardest sneakers. Yeah, them Snick was hard first sneakers were white laces first Black sneakers were white laces. They was, that was all the way over here though nigga. I'm the first shout out to shout out to Rod and we gotta give, we gotta give Prime more light on this rap career though. Y'all gotta stop. Must the money Come on The Prime Got a few Prime. Prime got a few classic verses. He might get Shaq in a battle too. You Out pocket out of Pocket Shaq Nah, out of pocket Shaq will play Stop The Rain.


One of the hardest rap songs. Yeah. Shaq Be the greatest NBA rap. Shaq might be the greatest NBA rapper bro. You right Dame. You right. You right y'all right. Dame. Shout out to Dame Miller. Jello and Jello about to clean Shaq up. Jello looked terrible last night at All Star Game. Crazy. I'm just Say I'm outta pocket. My jello Looked terrible last night. Hey man you see I'm keep Real. It the reason why they lost it looked Terrible. It looked terrible. He performed in front of 70,000 people. His first show. That wasn't a good one. The Allstar gave was light to hoop light him. This is light for if didn't Hoop D could have took on a full rap. He got the charisma To on He do. Yeah. He got the swag. He so disciplined.


I feel like that could, hold on, hold on That again. If Dame didn't hoop, y'all think he could've took on a full, you think he got the charisma to take on a full rap career? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. He got the whole demeanor and I he he showed everybody Oakland. Right. Like where he from like and people gravitate and it goes across the world like we really fuck with Dame. Yeah because yeah, he but he feel like one of us and he from all the way out here bro. You know what I'm saying? So I think he more relatable than everybody else that rap to the masses that played in the league tape. Nah, the serious Subes my nigga on some other shit though Off the court. The Real cc. Okay. Clark, he was On living single.


Which one he On everything nigga. He was on a TV shot League cameos. Yeah. Was it Hang with Mr. Cooper. Yep. Cooper too. Oakland. I got a question for y'all. How did y'all all meet Me And DJ went to high school together? Okay. Yep. I went to Butler and he neighborhood is where Butler is. If you don't know where Butler University is, it's right next to the ghetto. They told me you had no left hand. Oh Me? No. I gotta burner though. Okay. Him. Michelle was super cool and we looked up on campus on some shoe shit. So me and him tapped in that way. Me and Freaky Mike worked the Foot Locker together and B, he cater his wedding.


So like it's crazy. Six separation type shit. For real? Yeah. That's dope man. I met my guys for a minute man. I met b he he talk shit all day. Yeah. Yeah. So I, he talked about Shevin Mack, me and Shevin end up being real cool. But he said Shevin was better than me randomly. Yeah. I made these niggas like best friends. So I'll tell y'all the story.


What's up everybody? I'm Travon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Steph Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend, had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just the shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with it. Anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five. Dirk four Page is elite. Okay. Okay. I'm mad on my left 'em off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me in former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed It and the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it Yeah you was like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time ladies, European tour winner And Keira k Dixon NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel and Keira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tails from the road and everything in between. By the way, way go. Hope isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here's Yap. Tune to our new podcast. Listen to Quiet please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA, superstar Angelian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The Drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, they're Shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on Shank. That glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


So we come around, I've been on him for a while because I used to open up the Butler gym and they used to have, yeah when we was in high school he used to come and kill like all the old heads from my hood. Like him Jeremy Mixon, Huey, all them, you know what I mean? They was some big killers. But once we got grown and kind of circled back around, you know everybody like T like nigga fuck TG my nigga. She in the league nigga. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But just popping shit. But he was shitty. Yeah because I had met him outside. We used to go do shit called Music Mondays. Everybody like Nah bro, T Code. I'm like he is co but Mike Young coming up so my nigga about he got drafted to the Wizards. Yep. Yeah. And we got like a ProAm game. So Jeff don't give a fuck about nothing else.


Nigga. Zack, Randolph, John Wall, all some hitters in that bitch. Mark's cousins. Yeah. Like for real. You know what I mean? Everybody think he hoop because he in napped for the city. Nah, it's like videos of him pointing at me nigga like fuck you nigga this. Yeah. So my nigga Shevin called her quick. I don't know what this nigga had best game of his life. He even know though. He ain't even know. He looked at me like, what's up? Like why you so aggressive, nigga talking to me? Sad. This nigga sad. I'm like nigga sad shell ain't, ain't on shell, ain't no B. Him was instigating the whole lying. I'm not even, I'm not even really paying attention. I'm like man that just what he supposed to do Dude, he a rookie. I'm arguing with Oscar Robertson, people with the crowd, his nephews and shit Like talking, talking to them about how sad they uncle was.


Yeah. Yeah. That's all he do was talk shit man. Nah, but then that's just, that became my guy man. You know we've been locked in damn near shit. 15 years. That was what, 2012 too? What was that? Yeah. So that's 13 years. Yep. Teague, I heard your welcome to the NBA moment before, but what was the moment where you was like damn I wasn't ready for that. Like what was a moment that just caught you totally off guard in the NBA? How much money people really got. Ooh. That's the thing that caught me off guard. Like you hear people make millions and stuff. Yeah. So one day not to tell this bit fuck it. I'm gonna tell you, you could look it up. So we used to get check stubs right? And you a rookie.


I got my check stub, I think mine was probably like 86,000 for the two weeks or whatever. I'm like damn. So I just grabbed Joe's, lemme see what Joe shit look like. That Shit said 2 million, 2 million. Shout out to Joe Johnson. I'm like legend in the bank. I'm like Yeah I gotta figure some shit out. Like this is my life. Yeah you getting this in two weeks? I was like yeah that was like the first thing. So I, 'cause I couldn't understand it. Like you, you a young dude, you coming in, you come to money. My mama and dad didn't have money so I ain't come from money. I just told one of the young homies last night, he was trying to, he was trying to get some soft legs that belongs to somebody that play on the Celtics.


And I was like man that nigga got a max contract. Leave her alone. Yeah, It's it's love bro. You can't Compete with that max contract buddy. He experienced a lot of that in a TL. Yeah. So you saying it ain't nobody out here knocking down nobody girl that got a max contract. Yeah. I'm not saying that It's a broke nigga with some good out here. Shit outta Max contract group right Now. I'm just saying. Well y'all boys out in the culture, motherfucker sound like shorting off. What's my favorite. Y'all come on our show a fool.


Everybody else niggas answering questions all proper shit. Yeah you gotta, yeah you gotta watch yourself out here. They will back dope Be selected where you take your girl with you out. These niggas will back D Man outside of that we in a party yesterday. This nigga talking to me, he said yeah it's 20 of 'em that can't get in. They'll rob everybody in here. I'm like well nigga make sure I my wallet right. I got my shit Snu. The fuck what thing y'all be forgetting is how much it cost to live out in this motherfucker? No what of my guys live out here? He's Like, man y'all gas only $3 man.


I'm like yeah what the fuck is $6 for gas? That's some different shit. So he like, it's 20 beautiful things outside ready to touch it. I'm like nigga who what? What fashion number dress look like? Who got over one pieces? I really wanna send a shout out to a lot of the big homies who've been working behind the scene to make sure this weekend was beautiful. It's a lot of things that could have went down that didn't go down. So we wanna send a shout out to them and shout out to the whole Bay area, the NBA. Everybody that allowed this to happen. Man we don't get this a lot. It's been 25 years since we had the All Star game here. I was a kid when I seen Vince Carter go between the legs pulse. But to have this back in the city just to see my people, you know what I mean?


My brother Rad was with the head of the NBA last night. My brother Brownie was at the Chase Center hosting an event for us to be able to have this for y'all to be here. You know what I'm saying? That's Why we Appreciate it. When I seen you I'm like Bro, whatever y'all need y'all straight. 'cause we appreciate y'all for even getting on that flight and coming out here and fucking with us bro. So man We feel along too man. Shout out to Michelin this man. You talk about the 25th anniversary, they whole caption, I mean, excuse me. The whole collection that they have for this. Like you see the Vince jersey up here, you see the OG shag jersey with the tag. Like that's a real big Allstar game for a lot of members of people growing up. So especially for y'all who y'all saw it firsthand. We influenced 25 years later still being here man. Yes sir. Yes sir. That was a, that was a big game for us man. Vince did a lot for us with that. Shout out to Jason Richardson too because he was the following year, 2001 I think it was in like Philly or something like that.


And he went in there and did the crazy between the legs joint but he had that Warriors jersey on and he was repping for us and that really helped, helped the city down. So shout out to that whole, we believe Team J, rich Baron Davis. I seen my brother Matt Barnes last night. Steven Jackson out hereon. Even my nigga Gilbert Arenas who played for the Warriors before. Man, shout out to everybody that ever came to the city and fucked with us. I wanted to ask you too, bro, back to the music shit, like what's your favorite freestyle you done done so far? Because you just incredible shit is crazy. Yeah. Straight up. Nah Nigga freestyles great. They all be different. They all be different. For me here like everyone means something different. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like I probably was pissed off one day when I wrote the La Leakers joint but I was feeling myself when I wrote the fire and the booth joint.


Yeah. You know what I mean? So it's just everyone would be different for me. But if I had to pick one, I would say the funk Flex joint. Mm. Okay. I would say when I went to Funk Flex and not the Tupac part, but when I broke down just what happens to us is young black men with success. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? We get money, we come from these impoverished communities to where a lot of our friends have the sin of familiarity. A lot of niggas be hanging with the next Michael Jordan don't even know it. Nah. Be with the next Jay-Z and don't even know it because they your friend. Yeah. You know what I mean? And I was rapping from that perspective just to show like how it ain't fair to where we get in these positions and we had a dream of certain people being in that dream and then you get there and it's like oh you can't go.


You know what I mean? Everybody ain't meant to go. So if I had to pick one I would definitely say the folk flexible. What's the process with that though? Is you going in like hey I'm gonna do this beat or you already kind of know what you gonna say or more so like hang on the spot. I'm a, I'm one of them people here. The where I just let life happen bro. Yeah. Like I don't, I don't try to calculate nothing. I just let it happen. Like I wrote that funk flex verse three days before I found out I was going up there. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So I'm in Philly on tour with my nigga Joiner Lucas shout out to Joiner. We on tour and then my label had hit me like, yo Flex want you to come up rap. I'm like what beat you want me to do? They like Wu-Tang Cream bitch say no more the whole way from Philly to New York.


I'm writing, you know what I'm saying? I'm writing the verse, I'm rapping this shit in the phone. I'm getting to the hotel at four in the morning trying to memorize this shit 'cause I gotta be there at 7:00 AM You know what I mean? So it was, it is, it's it's, it's a different process but I take my craft serious when I locked in you one ones, I don't think it's too many people that could fuck with me. Nah you one of them ones bro. Like I said, it is so crazy that I like me and you building a relationship for sure. But bro I used to post your shit. Oh god. All the time on IG bro. A couple years ago. For real? No I was watching the episode and somebody had yelled out Symba know how to Hoop and Teague was like no he don't I him at Speak Facts feedback bro.


And him was like nah that's my nigga. I'll fuck with him. Yeah. And I had went back to like go dm you and I had seen like you tagging me and shit before. So it was just like Before bro. Nah nigga is the one and you from all the way out here. I didn't even know where you was from. Yeah. But my brother used to be like, nah bro, tap in. Yeah. He sent me, I forgot the first one I sent you. It's in our dms for sure. But All right bro. I was tagging you all the time. Yeah because I was really like, nah he one of them was Oh and I'm on everybody ass this year. Pause. Like I said, we on Club five 20 so I'm letting it be known. I was in a a crazy situation. We try this that I just got out of. Yeah. And I'm a free man now. Yes sir. Sir. And I think all y'all should be afraid.


Be afraid. Be very afraid. Speaking of we don't have to talk about the label or nothing. What did you learn from that though? Never drop until your team won't want a court If your team ain't on want a, especially when you in them buildings, every department gotta align. Yeah. Right. So the marketing side gotta be aligned with the product manager. The product manager gotta be aligned with the a and r. The a and r gotta be aligned with the executive. If all this shit ain't aligned when the executive come downstairs to spend the money, you look like you ain't got your shit together. And then you end up falling to the mercy of that. Okay. So a lot of times I will put my destiny in other people's hands and I and I slowly start taking it back and I'll never do that again.


Okay. For sure. For sure. Damn that kind of hit home. Huh? Niggas had a moment of silence. Shit girl. Silence. God bless to the new journey. So what's next? We on tour what we doing? Yeah, we got tour on the way. But the thing that I'm most excited about is this new movie Freaky Tales with Tom Hanks and Pedro Pascal coming out this April. That's Bro, I'm Super excited about it. I got the opportunity to play one of my idols too short in 1987. You on Ball? You said what? You gonna Cut all your shit? I got the hat on. I had the hat on. I ain't go ball but the teeth look crazy when y'all see me with the teeth.


It's gonna be crazy. Yeah, that's Bro all damn Shout out to Macro shout out to Lionsgate. But that was, that's big bro. That was phenomenal for me. That's what I'm super excited about. And getting back to the music. Nah bro, You deserve all that shit bro. For real. Everywhere I've been going, I didn't even trip till Allstar weekend. Niggas feel like you coulda played Anthony Edwards. This nigga like Anthony Edwards to y'all. Everywhere I go they be thinking this nigga had Edwards. You could though. You could, you could probably in 2017 when you was hoop. For Real. Hey That'd be hard. We're selling over a commercial. That'd be wrong bro. Come on, Shout out. Shout out to my dog Langston at Adidas.


Okay. Who works with ae? Works with James. Works with Dame. Y'all been killing that AE campaign, them commercials. Everything y'all been doing bro. Y'all been killing it man. Shout out to y'all over at Adidas. Come on man. Adidas be locked in. Shout to Kim. Shout to Allen for sure. I wanna ask you this man. I know your your freestyles, they go crazy but like what's that feeling like or that first feeling when you at your stage moment you like I arrived like that first concert was like I hear now I Still don't feel like that Really. I still don't feel like that dj. I still feel like I got shit to do. Okay. I got shit to prove. You know what I mean? So even when I'm up there and I hear people screaming the lyrics or one of my songs, people sing a lot when I perform as can't win for nothing.


Yeah. And it's, it's, it's a euphoric feeling but it's also like I could do more. Hmm. Yeah I could be bigger. I could beat this. You know what I'm saying? I hear it where the drums could be better. I hear it where I got lazy on the lyric. I hear it where I was just trying to win the crowd over with the hook and now it's like how do I authentically be me with this no matter what I'm doing and I'm owning that now and I'm stepping into it and I'm not allowing no motherfucker to force my process. I'm gonna take my time rather it take me a year, two years, three years, I'm gonna get it right. But I'm gonna take my motherfucking time and when that time is right y'all gonna see it. Most definitely. For sure man. We always ask people like they goats Mount Rushmore. I know you said you rock with Jay-Z.


Yeah but like we grew up, like we say we listen to Bootsy and shit but Lil Wayne, when we was growing up go man, he was like mix the guy. I was wondering where you drink Lil Wayne as far as like yo rappers favorite rappers T you my nigga. Man I hate that you asked me this 'cause I can't lie to you. I love Wayne. I think it was tough for us to grow with the music as it got older. Yeah. I think he has a phenomenal catalog but it's, it's, it's certain things to, to me that I feel like, you know could have been enhanced or could have been whatever it may be.


But he's a legend. I always got Wayne in my top 10. But I'm somebody that choose quality over quantity. So when it come to artists I'm always run with Jay-Z I feel like his taste level is unmatched. Kendrick Lamar, the taste level is unmatched. It's just certain Drake even, you know what I mean? Certain people to where it's just like they put a certain effort into the music that we never heard before. We never seen, they changed the sound of things. We was just having a conversation about Drake and we was saying like Drake like created the industry standard to where like if if you were somewhere close to that you would be successful.


Yeah. Right. So it's hard to, now that Kendrick's the guy, it's hard to follow that because it's so authentically him. But Drake kind of created a a stat, a standard for everybody to kind of be like, hey here's where we go with this thing. And I feel like but then Wayne do that too though One thou as rappers. Yeah as rappers. So as rappers to me he's one of the greatest rappers ever. But when it come to like song making, okay, Drake took it to another level, Kendrick took it to another level, you know what I mean? Ah I See what he's saying. Yeah. Yeah. So you know what I mean. So I salute everybody and I don't want this to feel like I'm bashing one of my idols 'cause Wayne has done things I probably had never do in my life. I look up to him, I study him, I love him to death.


But I feel like Drake and Kendrick and certain people, people just took the song making ability to another level. It's like what you always say with championships, know what I'm saying? The team will win. They set the tone right? Yeah. Drake was winning for a very long time as far as industry standards and numbers wise. So they Kendrick come in. All right now how do you copy Kendrick? Yeah that's like trying to copy Kauai getting that ring in Toronto. Exactly. You can't do that shit. Do that. That's an anomaly. You can build a good team, you can build a Warriors team Dynasty add to that like Drake had. But you can't go get Kauai to go somewhere. Get one and go out. Yeah, I agree. That's a fact. I feel like Drake has had like three successful rap careers in one moment. Yeah. Don't people realize he been at the top of the game for 15, 16 years.


You know what I'm saying? It's tough bro. A long time. D Drake came in what, 2010? 2009 He came? Yeah. So far gone was yo rookie year. So, so far gone was off far oh eight right? Yeah that's what, that's what shit changed. That's a long time to be the at the top bro. What yo, how y'all feel about half rappers at halftime performance? You Because, because I've been hearing people say the Kendrick shit was not so good but in my my opinion I be like damn, like what more could he have done to make it a better show? That's why I be trying to figure out like what, what can a rapper do if he not a dancer, a break dancer. That's what it is. What could you do? Yeah, I don't think rappers should, not saying they shouldn't do halftime shows but if it's gonna be a rapper it kind of got it gotta be like how LA did it where all those rappers gave you different Yeah It can't be one dude 'cause they don't dance.


Yeah, I think, well one thing people are upset about and I'm a big Kendrick fan is we didn't get the settlers we were looking for. Right. But the dope part about it is he took a world platform and made it his motivation and what he had going on. That's the dope shit ever to me. I don't care what y'all talking about. I'm here for one reason and one reason only. Nah. And I showed the world this shit. That's that help an accomplishment That that's dope. We just don't want to see another, nothing like that again. Shout out. Look and I'm, I'm all for the you Nigga doc. I'm on now. Can I have a moment? Is you No My nigga Doc. No I love Dot Swimming Pools is one of my favorite songs nigga. The real swimming pools Whatcha saying right now. Listen, I'm all ears. Yeah So look bro, the halftime show is a different platform like Kendrick doing that.


He's the only one. That's what I'm saying. Wanna see no more. He's the only one that can do it and make his mark and everybody respected. We loved what he did but bro we don't want to see next year come do the same thing. We don't want see Lupe Fiasco the following year. Yeah. You know I can't argue with that. Yeah so bring my nigga future making super Be a mess. Six football Drop March into Bunk, The dancers gonna come out. You know You what y'all piss these white people off so bad? Oh they going back white. They're definitely is you Kelly Clarkson is pulling up Kelly Clarkson. So y'all better enjoy them kids.


Lebar tshirt while you kid. Who they get next year? I don't know bro. Still running Molly too. She done Justin Ber JZ running through his roster first. Nah, Justin Bieber aint Get, nah he got that contract. He Do bro. But I feel like you gotta go with somebody. Not Lady got got or something about the, But I think we forgot how real quick how the Super Bowl used to look. The halftime performance. You gonna have a CDC. Metallica playing with her and some other rap. Nick Macklemore coming out the cut with a little verse. But that if Kendrick Kendrick could have did his thing For sure. Like I said, we all respected it ain't no hate but he could have brought out more people sort of appease some more. Yeah like bro you gotta think I'm gonna just keep it real and all You fake conscious ass rappers nigga fuck y'all because niggas, because niggas don't keep it real bro.


On my soul, Fuck you Niggas, all women watch Super Bowl for the halftime show my nigga. So I don't care about all what niggas is talking about bro. That is an entertainment moment for people's families bro. So they want to see, they pop star like all of our girls listen to Lil Wayne. So if he would've popped out bro, they would've been singing along too and engaged in that shit. You know what I'm saying? I think it was on brand for Kendrick just because it was a buck the system moment. Yeah, Oh yeah exactly. So also, and we gotta remember this, he performed the songs he owned so he was really fighting against the system with that one. This was like, I ain't trying to come back, nigga don't invite Me. Nah. Right, right, right, right.


Kendrick, he was a streaker. You know when somebody be in the crowd and they run, they run across the field at the Super Bowl. Said just this nigga Aer, he took that Kenrick, Kendrick took that moment. Okay To do it to protest. So at the bowl get, I get what you're saying. I get what you're saying though. Well yeah, niggas crazy boy.


Nah bro, we ain't all that. All that serious ass shit. Shout to Serena. Put some bad bitches out there. Get them cheerleaders. Y'all ride Grand National? There's couple people out there got Something. Yeah, it's go Michelle. Yeah, we Shout out to Dot too man. Kendrick Hell Up. Yeah, Kendrick been killing it for West Coach culture this last year. Man that's my dog right there. He supported me before anybody knew me so I always got love for my nigga. Shout out to dot, shout To K for sure man. Listen, Appreciate y'all for Sliming Bro. Man listen man we done had a hell of a weekend man. It's only right we wrap it up with the game here man.


Shout out to Lin this one more time. We appreciate y'all man. And like I said man, I appreciate y'all for allowing my brothers to come bro. This Bay area shit for this Bay Area shit mean a lot to us bro. It's it's, it's not just about me, it's not about him, it's not about him, it's about us. So when we can move as a unit and people allow us to do that, we going continue to do that and we appreciate y'all for being here. You always welcome bro. Appreciate y'all Do for the culture man. We gonna continue to support you. Be here and I told you when you get off the plane, I got ready for you. Let's get it And that, don't we bitch The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Hey, It's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE, greatest of their era with Seth Curt, you don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. So you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes, that's why we absolutely love it. Listen To Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.