
This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal, you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all yours with PayPal. Download the app Now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack and an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Alright man, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wells. Same game with me to my left. We got my dog Bishop e hen out the pearly. How you what? Nasty. What's happening Brother? What's get to it baby. For show to my right. My dog. Young Nacho, young Tig. How you what? I'm chilling bruh. Little tired for some reason. Huh? Long weekend my boy. I think it was a New York trip flying bro. Shit flying. I'm telling y'all. Hey man. Flying during the middle of the week is crazy. That's bad. Bad. I ain't never been built for the planes. But glad we made it back. Everything the show. Shout to NYC for show man.


We'll definitely talk about that later in the show. That's interesting you say that though. 'cause you played in the NBA And you flew all the time. I hated flying but we ain't fly like this. What? We ain't fly like Yeah, we fly. Oh well. Everything was comfortable. Very comfortable. You went in 32 seat cookies, juice, pop, lean back. Get up. Walk around when you want to. Damn near. Sit up on the seats And you can do anything on that plane. Not this one. How was your Delta flight to New York? Boy, I couldn't even, I had to check my bag. Dude, you gotta check your old carry on. Yeah, but that was the smallest plane I've ever been on though. I ain't gonna count. It is cool. Yeah, that was crazy.


We were in first class And we thought we were on the back of a school bus at one point. Oh for sure. The old school was with no seats. Were just the The wide bodies with the belts. Yeah. Yeah. Niggas down the road on a helicopter to New York. Sorry though. I the time. Huh? It was a little playing. Yeah, it was a little hell on my way back. I ain't even have first class. We couldn't, we couldn't pick the plane though. So I mean, I try to switch your seats on the, on the way back. It's all cool. Mark was right there. Everybody looked depressed, defeated. I just, I'd just rather us like Mike didn't know because he never been in New York. We just need to go through LaGuardia Airport. Please, please. Let's just, I didn't book these either. I want Yeah, I know.


That's what I'm saying. Like jf, I just want y'all to know. Let's go on record and say every time we've ever let anyone else book the fights or the hotels, it's always been asked. I've never fucked up. Well you fucked up. You know what was funny? Fucked up. What's the whole, the funniest thing about the whole night? What's that? I had to share a room. Yeah. I just found it funny actually. I sure it was funny. Oh, this was the funny part though. We walk against so e balcony like yeah my room got a balcony. I was like, damn. I was like, Mike, damn you end up getting that room. They straightened out for you. He was like, nah, that nigga did say my room. Like him and Mel sharing about y'all.


Nah, nah. Saying it like that. I'm saying that shit funny. That shoulda got that photo shoot off up there though. Y'all was in there together. Photo shoot about I could got that. Niggas had twin beds. Coulda had his arms on the motherfucker banter. You know what I mean? It it's so funny because y'all did, y'all did everything to stay out the room. That's how I knew it was funny. I swear y'all went. Y'all going everywhere. Y'all hungry y'all dude, I like that. I'm going lay down bro. I'm nothing Niggas night would I end because nigga did not wanna go back to that room. I was sitting there in a fucking hook bar. Yeah. At the bar. Dying laughing. I was nigga hung out with our Muslim friends. All that was having that baby. Shout to the gang pulled up, bonus us up.


All crazy man. What was the cars? A McLaren and a got picked up. Ur a super turbo, whatever. And my boy had the Porsche too. That Porsche is nice energy wagon. Oh yeah. Don't forget that. The euros too. Yeah. I said it. Shut down man. Shout the game man. Man. So definitely appreciate the hospitality. The show has us in New York and style man. Yeah. Malcolm had a, a special get well soon in the whole New York trip. Man. My boy was going through it. That's a bad one from start. He's the start book the room. You're my get well soon tomorrow. Oh facts in the morning Facts. That's funny. For sure man. Let's get straight to it man. Last week, You know what I'm saying? It was tough. We had to get through it. But now we in the final four, the BB brackets who are remaining contestants?


Mike let us know. We got Young Miami verse Bernice. Mm. And we got Drea versus Ari. Can we, can we go back to some of these? 'cause let's what everybody said. Yeah. They said our final four is is Jack. It is pretty weird. It was crazy. Kim Kardashian ain't no it's not. It's filthy. Well listen, are you upset? 'cause Coach Cal went to the Sweet 16 Arkansas. He did what he had to do against the teams he played. Yeah. And I think we didn't have Fair, it wasn't a fair sesame on some of these. Who did? Kk. Ari is definitely, aria is definitely Ari. A thousand percent. Now listen now people said we was wilding because the young Miami, You know, ranking.


We gonna Shannon Shorts. Hey, after the Shannon short episode, people said, You know what I'm saying? We gotta revisit that. But You know, can't change the game you already played. So it is what it is. But yeah, let's get straight to it man. Young Miami Bernice. So that's the final four matchup. Young Miami verse Bernice. Yeah, I'm going with the OG Bernice. I'm a 20 point win. Mm. I got Bernice for the blowout. Yeah. Damn man. That's like what George Mason got to the final four. They had a great run. It was Belt's ass Miami had a great run. That's three verse one. So respect Bernice moves on. Yes. Oh. Did you feel otherwise? Did you I just, I think young Miami might be a better time.


Okay. I don't know. She kinda walked to the final four two. She was against whoever Janice Hart was. Young Miami people said we shoulda revisit that. Yeah. People told we whiling for not having Denise, whoever she is. A lot of people felt that she could've, You know what I'm saying? Y'all saw her, y'all was nothing. Yeah. So fucks bro. I'm still nothing. I would say I was nothing man. A lot of people was right. Me like, boy you disrespectful. Yeah. They said we was out pocket. So shout to them. And then Young Miami, Jordan Woods, you kind of gotta go young Miami. She had a easy Yeah, she had a easy way to, she was the number one seat. Young. Who? Jordan Woods defeating the first round again. Sorry. Summer Walker.


That's a bad, that's a problem for me. I feel like Summer Walker should, that's a bad win for Jordan because Summer Walker brought Miami. It's a different conversation. Styles make fights. It was a upset. Yeah. I didn't like the upset. I was upset about upset. But I'm taking Bernice fool. What we got now. I'm taking both. We got Drea and Ari. This is, this is when we're talking about BBLs. Ari's. Ari's is Premier pressure. This landslide. It's not even close. And she has the video footage to prove it. I'm gonna take ours. I don't like how that was just easily said now respect, respect, respect. You can't go off of a face. But Drea has done this game in, in different seasons, bro.


She's been at different times and she's definite to each time, bro. She's, she's been a elite. She went from the one and done culture to the team ball. She is vast. All type of tournament style play. Oh bro. I don't think it's easy. Oh, I'm, I'm Aria straight one and Dones. Okay, you one and done. I'm a, I'm gonna take Ari. Taking Ari just off of not the whole, we just talking about straight. We going BL bro. I'm taking this Lance the video alone, we're back throwing the bridge he lead bro. Okay, we already talked about that. I'm taking Alright Mike, I don't gotta vote. I already lost. You was going with Dre? I was going with Dre. I was too oh two too. You the side factor.


He YN. So yeah. Already. Already did. There you go. There you go. That's a landslide. RED. He did that for G Herbo win. Okay. Respect. Mad at, I ain't mad at the lawsuit. Your national championship is R and Bernice. Mm. Before we do it. No, we gotta leave that up to the, we gonna wait. We gonna wait on that one. Okay. Matter of fact Is is, is she ready? Yep. Alright. Barbie. Yeah, we need you. Bring your ass.


What's happening? All right. What we got today? We Grand Carino hot man. Okay. Grand Corino. All right. Turn me up. Yeah, don't spill down on my gray sweatpants. You know that you got a mic on. You know that's crazy. Alright. Ain't supposed to be wearing gray sweat out of pocket. Alright. What's in the beverage? What we got today? Biscuit? Syrup. HPA shot. Oh my boy got a, A side card. The Grand Comino turn me up. We got hibiscus syrup, peach puree lime juice and the chili Baur. Okay. A spicy Marino. Okay. Spicy Mar. We got the Grand Corino. What type of Gran Cominos is the rep We Okay. Okay.


It is a little spicy. Okay. But I do enjoy it. Yeah. I ain't mad at it at all. You know what's crazy about the Grand Corino? Back when we was in the real five 20, when we first got the new soundboard. Yeah we had that bottle of Grand Corino to celebrate. Yeah, it was on the table. That was on the table. It's a legendary five 20 pick with the Grand Corino for sure. You was early on that man. Yeah. Yeah man, I, I love Grand Corino. That was one of my first pickups. You know I try to celebrate all the people that I encountered. Pauls in my life. But Kevin Hart, when he got his drink I was like man I'm gonna support, support my dog man. That is true. Anytime it's somebody, especially minority, especially black that got some stuff going on, you always tap me in. For real. For real. Yeah. Yeah. I got a whole wall dedicated to people with they liquor like that. So only person I don't have on my wall right now is club Shake shot.


Alright, send it through. Yeah, that's on the way Now You I've seen that. Yeah. This is my favorite tequila for sure. My birthday party last year. It's always popping in the section so definitely shout out to Grand Carino. Nah this is, this is fire though. It's smooth. Smooth as hell. Like that's what I like about it. It's super smooth Eric. It goes well with everything Real. That's crazy. I remember y'all birthday All stars, You know what I'm saying? They ain't had too many of, that's when it was early on boys. Oh yeah. The whole back roll kept popping them. Yeah, but I, I'm drinking that straight. I don't need no chaser though. But shout out to the drinks. Okay. Especially Margarita. Shout to the sidecar. Hey listen Barbie, we in the BBO championship. We gotta see how you feel about the situation.


Let's go back to the bracket. We did the final four before you got in here Bernice. She got young Miami out the paint. Oh. And then Drea or Ari lost to Ari in a three, two split matchup. Malcolm was the deciding factor. He sent Ari to the championship. Now here we are. We got Ari Rush, Bernice all hands on deck to MCC Crown champion. You go first. Barbie ain't gonna lie. It's a nice bottle too. The bottles are Yeah the bottles kind. I twist the bottle. This is like the bottle built like Shamar But the bottles are super Cute. She definitely gotta do the dance with the, I don't wanna say love people love.


Yeah. Yeah. So whatever you identify as Kevin. I seen what you did here my boy. I seen what you did so hold on. Is that right? You did it right? Okay. She yeah you did. Okay. He got damnit. You fucked up. I'm, I don't disrespect never get I'm he definitely be putting the bottles on top of the head. Definitely. That's a one of one right there. Oh man. Hey yo. So package championship. Who you got? Alright. Okay. Knocking out Bernice? Yes.


A I haven't seen Bernice throw her ass like Ari throws her ass her. It's undefeated like Good shit Barb. I ain't mad at you for that one. I ain't mad. I ain't, I'm gonna go, I'm going Bernice. Yeah with all that being said, I'm gonna, yeah she's tired And but Ari it's Crazy. I'm taking double B two I it is just 'cause now we gotta do the whole package 'cause her BB is silly now see I have a problem with this and just around before Dre was slide it and she's been through three remixes and it been undefeated each one. Now you supported, I don't like this. I just want fairness. I mean love who you love but just Ari F like full BBL.


She had to make it bro. And Bernice is up there with her. I'm just saying overall package I think Bernice skin smoother And we want overall package on me. On me. You said we supposed to focus on the big, I'm going Bernice is beautiful. So who overall that's grandma. I'm with all supporting evidence now. IMT Mark. I'm going Aari. Yeah Ari. Ari wins. That might be a bad video. I'm going Ari. Nah she doing me not kicking. She doing a chicken little Ari, I, I'm lapping like the praise team shit. But Ari's is apple both I dude came to me yesterday, he was like hey man y'all saying buddy hooping in some jeans.


It's the funniest shit. He said well B here caught him. My ho bro. He said I laugh for that for three weeks bro. Look at Yeah. Crazy. Yeah. Slide Ari shout out to you man. Shout out to Ari man. The 2025, the champion 2025 champion BBL champion, national champion goes to Ari. Where will it be celebrated? I'll see you in Miami. That's a, a celebration for your parade. And Bernice made it for the older lady. She represented for the old ladies to make it to the national championship outta all of those women. She had all, she was Auburn. She had the 26-year-old.


She was Auburn or Houston. Yeah she was Auburn. They had, You know what I mean? She was the OG. Oh man. So y'all seen Kim K should have made it though. We ought. Oh sure. There are some people who feel that way. Me, I I'm people now we over we're wilding And I know we shouldn't be talking about women's bodies but is Kim Kardashian built in? Everybody in the bracket? Hmm. RA won the championship. That's our bracket but it's Kim cage's overall number one outta everybody that was in our bracket. You talking taking the BB body and take or the field is what you're asking? Yes, I'm taking the field respectfully. You talking about total body of work Total just total body of work bro.


I'm gonna take the field from this list. Yes Andrea. I respect that Mike. I'm mad. Total body of work. Total body of work bro. Kim bro, I put my family on. We all lit. I look good. Okay. Oh I gotta take her brain too. Like her mindset. You gotta take everything. Oh okay man. I'll probably take Kim now. Kim total body work. It ain't close. It's a B bm. We they already won that. We already already won that. We just already won that. We're talking about overall who are you taking? If you had to pick a girl from that bracket, who are you taking? It's easy Kim. It makes sense. You a say more but Kim.


Yeah definitely like you said put her family there. So can we pull up a Nicki Minaj truck video or is that out pocket please, please. Y'all need to watch Nicki Minaj High School video. The best video in the world. Was she rapping when she came up out of that water? Yeah, it's one of my favorite videos. Oh you talking about I thought you meant like her in high school. Yeah I was. No her song, you feel me? No, no, nah. See you not a real boy. No, I'm, I'm a fan. She got a song called High School Lil featuring Lil Wayne. Nah, I used to be a Nicki Fanatic bro. I used think she was the coldest, I had the pink bomb. I had a a Nicki Minaj T-shirt. Damn man. Somebody bought it for me. Like hey you concert too, like official concert too? Nah, like they just made a t-shirt and put a picture on it.


Like okay. I don't know what picture of what but You know like Mike Mama be making us. Yeah, the five 20 words. Respect. Shout to my duke shout Tom. I was like I'm out of pocket for wearing this. But I was a fan. You ain't really though because she was hard though. She was, boy Nicki Minaj came around at a good time because I, she was my brother one for a long time. Y'all had to girl up looking at Queen Latifah and them and Mc Light can Lil Kim used to be raw than Nicki though before she hell no on me before Lil Kim crazy. She better ask real question. Lil Kim was cold. Lil Kim she was better than Nick is crazy.


I swear to God bro. Maybe she gotta switch her shit. Nah, Lil Kim bro. She was hard that early Lil Kim, she was raw iconic man. What she was the coochie real pick fire Iconic. She, I had, I had Nicki Minaj on the shirt. I ain't wanna say it. That's what when she redid it, that's the shirt. Nah, Lil Kim crawl so You know what I mean. Nicki could run but that's boy whoa. Craw and run is wild. No I'm saying though, it's a, that's a landslide bro. Nah bro. Not now it is and shit. She don't speak on Kim enough. Kim is one of the best rappers of all time like women rappers of all time. For sure. But right there she definitely can't rap better than Nick. That right there is Pressure boy. I think Nicki Minaj the best female rapper. Even when she, what's the song?


She said she had had a friend, Nick Minaj is the best female rapper ever. You remember she said yeah Nicki Minaj is the best female rapper of all time. I don't disagree with mixtape. Nicki is crazy bro. I don't gonna lie. It's re grand Carino it the best shit you can dig. Well I mean it might be the liquor but definitely yeah it's the best one. I nah heard. I don't never, I don't never drink the whole Shbab but yeah. Excuse me. What? That's a hell of a garnish This drink no more?


No it's Abicus. We have syrup inside of it. Where the fuck did you find this at store? Food store. That's your face. That is not Mo it's the flower. Yeah, her. Oh it's edible? Yeah, taste like grape jelly. It like a, this gonna be the first time in five 20 history that I'm gonna run a drink back. Okay, I'll run that back. Okay. We come to Club five 20 And I recommend that I tell you it's good motherfucker Lord Joy it damn near piece of Juicy Fruit in my mouth.


It was just like Candy Donut. Yeah But yeah taste, taste like candy feel ju. That's how I need for the Proud family sound. Yeah Barbie usually gimme some old fruit. The y'all used to watch the Proud Family Little Bit. Y'all remember the dad the uncle they used to sing? Yeah. Back ass George Clinton. That niggas I'm appreciate you Barbie. You did your thing today. Thank you. Yeah boy appreciate you gang. You got another one over there? Go ahead just I got you. Spin the Blizzak for sure.


Listen man it is amazing how talking shit can create business avenues. Man we look at all the crazy shit. Brandon Daniels was talking last week getting all these ones one-on-ones going on. We got market store no live talking this shit. Everybody trying to run the ones and then we get the announcement. Lance Stevenson verse Michael Beasley for a hundred bands


who's scoring big in the NBA this season you are with all the new ways to get on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the EBA player props. New customers BET five bucks and get $150 at bonus. Best instantly Take it to the record with Draft King Sports book where every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resorting, Kansas 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dkg.co/audio.


Kevin Hart hits Tequila Grand Carino are partner with my Atlanta Hawks to have you at a game you one plus one you and a guest to see my hawks play the New York Knicks April 5th. Listen, you get the VIP pre-game experience and then after you get the Delta Cub, the ultimate experience with Grand Corino, make sure you text all access 2, 2, 4 2 7 2. Hard work tastes different. You know we at Club five 20 are always on the road covering events and getting the best content for you, our fans. And each time we head to different cities, we're always trying to stop by and watch NBA games. And if you're looking for tickets like I am, look no further than SeatGeek with over 28 million downloaded.


SeatGeek is the number one rated ticketed app with the N-B-A-N-H-L players both around the corner and the MLB on the way with the W as well. Tickets are all backed by their buyer guarantee and each ticket is rated on a scale of one through 10. So you'll know if you're getting a good deal. So


You know, I had it come through for y'all. All right, use promo Code Club five 20. It gets 10% off your next set of tickets at SeatGeek. That's right. 10% off with promo Code Club five 20. And if you click the link in the description to download the app, you'll have the code automatically added to your account to use it later. That's 10% off with promo Code Club five 20.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat Cops new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Yo, what's good it is Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast. Here to share some fresh takes on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the only official hamburger of March Madness. I've been checking out the brackets the last couple of days And I really look forward to a couple First round matchups UConn versus Oklahoma McNeese. Stay birch Clemson in terms of the teams with a shot to win the whole thing. I really think St. John's has a chance. Coach Rick Pitino, who's won two national championships already with a pedigree like his, he can take his team to the top. Now if you're looking for a upset, like I said, I'll take McNee State over Clemson. They have a really strong defense. They create turnovers and Clemson struggles against pressure also. Another upset alert could be Xavier over Illinois. Xavier fought their way into the turn by booing a playing game And I think they have some scores off the bench and some stars in our team that can really get it done. Stay tuned for more for me for the next couple of weeks. And while you're watching the games, remember the freshest dealing fast food gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can grab a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again head to Wendy's app to grab $1 Junior Bacon cheeseburger, $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official Hamburger Marsh Madness.


Hey everyone, welcome back to Bachelor Happy hour. I'm Joe. And I'm Serena. And we are here with the iHeart Music Awards and David's Bridal who Are sponsoring this podcast And we are so grateful to them. Thank you. Thank you for finishing my sentence. And we are here with our favorites Ton and charity. Where were You in bikinis? In the Snow Montana. Okay. She flew out and joined you guys. Yeah. Yeah. Isn't it cold? No it was. We literally, it's bikinis in the snow cold. We risk getting hypothe for Those photos. Wow. Yeah. They were sick though. I don't get bikinis in the snow. It's like just like an aesthetic. I thank you. If him And I did that, if we did like Speedos in the snow, you guys would be like douche bags. No, I would, Speedo in the snow would be hilarious.


I would be like, let's see it. Come on. I would not complain here for Be Him to do stuff like that. He's like nah, that's gonna be the name of this podcast. Episode Bachelor, happy hour. Speedos in the Snow. David's Bridal if you're listening, David Bridal Sponsored By Shift Your Branding. A little sponsored By David Bridal. David Bridal, Speedos in the snow room Wear. It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride.


We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Yeah I got, I got bees. You going bees?


Yeah but you got Nacho. I don't care. I got bees but I lens That's a great one-on-one though. That's a great final. Like for sure. I like that a lot. I just, I I don't, I don't think it was timing. Mm. They could have got more. Okay. What you mean we could have got more than a hundred thousand. Mm. They ain't even spar. They ain't, they just boom, like niggas know IBUs, Brandon, Jen Z So it's like the spar was come like he too little. Like he too little. Like he 1 65 nigga. I'm yeah. I'm a grown fucking man. Nah, for sure, for sure.


Like for the bread. Mm. I'm a grown man bro. I just didn't like that other niggas was reaching out to me and shout I, I spoke to him and I'm like yeah I'm bus your ass. He I'm gonna bus your ass all all bro. Yeah you going, you off of Achilles? Yeah, it's tough. Skinny. It's tough. This a shark right? Yeah. Gonna be different. Niggas gonna be at you. But respect all good. But people was hitting me like, like Pat Bev, he hit me like he the promoter nigga. No nigga. I do the shit you do nigga do the same shit you do nigga put your name in the hat motherfucker.


You ain't about to. Not yet, nigga the fuck. Yeah, I no nigga. Yeah I got a plan too. Mark. Get your ass out. Can't pimp you. Me, you got that too. Listen, I'm, I'm okay. You know my life is cool. Like yo, you can't pin me no nigga. Nah no. Get your hat in name. Get your name in there because I know you hoop too. We all hoop. Yeah he still that still playing and that's cool. Don't I don't give a fuck Yeah. Yeah. Enter the portal. Yeah, go ahead throw your name out there. Enter the portal. Fuck he talking. Hey I gotta play. No I got to play. Yeah, get your name in the hat.


Shout to market story. He's standing on Benley. Oh me In the Bentley. Ah. He gotta make sure niggas though. I'm still straight. That nigga Brandon was like damn, I ain't even say his name. Marcus just stepping on shit. Yeah I did. I see Ty at me. I he was, go ahead Ty man. I let Ty cook. Yeah let my boy Ty get his shit off. Go crazy bro. I still got college highlights bro. Go curse. Oh he said the real ones. I just know that one-on-one shit like for that type of bread and everybody, You know, I mean everybody got not money and shit. Yeah but niggas just gonna have to realize like bro if you little I'm going to the cup on you. Yeah. I'm just trying to get you out there. That's that's what yeah that's why I would never play Mike Bey.


I don't what the fuck gonna go straight to the basketball. Oh yeah. You know he gonna try to kill Yeah a hundred. I'm saying but I feel like they could have made that bigger. Yeah like we ain't even hear them spar like we ain't say nothing. And those are two of the biggest you're talking. Yeah man. Especially being shout to my bro, we ain't hear nothing. I I fuck I fuck with bees. I fuck with Lance. I just think I think it's a good one. A lance is strong too. Yeah, no it's gonna be a good one And I so I can't even slide on bees like take bees like that. I man that's gonna be a good one. I think it's gonna be a hell of a game. 'cause both of them are buckets. For real. For real. Like we talk about that one-on-one game is different than You know organized basketball NBA play it's just them two.


But that's what Bees dude, bees play ones all day. I don't know, I don't know what land's been doing Exactly. I ain't seen, I seen BS play ones all day. Yeah but I was just saying like I mean a hundred thousand still a lot of money but I was just like damn they could have made like we would've heard them talking shit. They could have promoted it man it could have been even bigger but so now it kind of look like the winners kind of like the loser. Yeah of the overall they should have had they hands in the mix to draw a bigger bag. I get it. Yeah because you actually, I feel like people are going to pull up and pay whatever just to see that. Yeah. I mean it's gonna be a fire tickets is going be but like our shit, like the group that the oh nine class it shit more.


It's a little different from what they got. Like niggas really kind of mad like oh yeah, like Lou will really like hey nigga I wasn't, I was chilling like yeah I really bust your ass like no offense, I don't know why you said my name And I feel the same way 'cause I don't do nothing. I be in my own world like why y'all be messing with me? You catch up straight from rappers, football players, old niggas that who like, I know I'd be like clowning and shit and act like I was, I I was handicapped when I nigga I'll bust your ass for real. Like And I think people just be wanting to hear you say that. Yeah but it is just like your name is in a different light now so it's kind of easy, You know to all you Nah they gotta start 'cause I be chilling bro.


I'm like damn that's true. I was watching it like damn okay brand they talking shit to, I don't even know who he was talking about Drew. I'm like damn that's crazy Teague. I said what the fuck I be standing down 'cause y'all said this shit wwe so I, You know. Nah it ain't, this one ain't wwe. I'll be ready to go. I be won smoke since motherfucker oh nine. You started off playing? Yeah. You, you did. And I ain't no hater. I ain't, I ain't say you ain't who but after that yeah it, it was spooky. Like niggas was, niggas was comfortable. Yeah. Mm. I got comfortable after Yeah, year 10. I was comfortable. So I, I try to, I be like, yo, calm down the head.


I I wouldn't really worry about that matchup after a while I was comfortable. Yeah. I you it's pretty much green for everybody that's in that bitch for Yeah like point guard like I was getting, I was going out in Milwaukee. Yeah. Yeah I was going out. Shout to BJ though boy. Yeah. Especially when he went to Detroit. Tie them shoes tight. Well he was going, he went to Detroit on my mama cruise. Ah, listen Coney Island. Yeah. Whatever strip club that was. I was there, I was there I was woo, I was super, super comfortable then I was like Milwaukee, I went out. But You know people used to come from Indian shit but, but You know he used to be like damn, he might get 20, he gonna go seven for 22 some shit.


But Yeah. And I fuck with, I just don't like when niggas be trying to make like motherfuckers overly look up to them. You try to show niggas they, You know, you started to pave the way but don't try to little boy nobody in this shit. What do what you mean? Like when he was like, them niggas was celebrating me, they was looking at my bags and my money and all this other shit. They was looking up to me. Them niggas wasn't, I'm a franchise nigga. Them niggas wasn't shit. Right. Oh, he said that? Yeah. I I ain't really want, he was just pouring gas in the fire. You know it. Oh nah, he but celebrating him. Nah, he did have Louis bags though. Yeah, but I, I'm just saying but just went there because you ain't qualifi. But you did get a bag though. There's no hat. He he got a bag. You did get a bag.


I I'm not a hater. One thing, I'm not, I'm not a hater. You did get a bag And you did come to the gym with louisie bags and shit and all that and that's cool. I mean, but it is on there. Shout out to Drew just for remaining humble and staying locked in. Drew is, drew is, drew is up 3 million Joy of Life. Look, listen all these niggas that talking, are we all a hundred million down? He's not worried. He's still broke niggas. What are they talking about? That is not on Drew algorithm at all. He does not see that on his timeline at all. No, we're jokes to him right now and Drew cool people. I I love Drew. So shout to Drew the real clef for sure man.


Yeah. That's my guy. One thing I, I do like about this possible venture. Hopefully the business is taken care of. I don't want this to end up like versus but to see older players or like players' gone from the league who got some little tension of having beef to go play one on one will be far. Yeah that's gonna be, that's a fun time. I even though we talking shit. It is all love I everybody in that oh nine class I got love for like I think Brandon was dope. Like nah we fuck with Brandon Long way. I think he was, I think he was what he said he started the overseas shit. Yeah and that's cool. I mean he probably was him and Moodier Yeah. Was probably the first people to do it. Yeah. I don't know how it went for both of 'em but they, Brandon was just a bigger name. Yeah. Facts at the time. They both did it and he did it a a cool way and that's crazy.


He did it. He was the first. Yeah he did the cool way and then he played the blueprint for Moodier Lalo and them dudes. So I, I give him a respect for that. I pioneer he Brandon got it. I get it. It just, I don't know the who shit different. You gotta kind of respect nigga's resumes. Yeah. Like at the end of the day. Yeah because a nigga I don't like when I think of high school basketball I just think like you, if you in a popular city or you Yeah. High school like it's no shot at Mellow son. It's not a shot. But like Braly Mu Mullins is way better than Meow Sun. Yeah. And Meow Sun is good. Yeah. But like you would say, I mean I know Braly a McDonald's all American but you wouldn't say, You know, the average person would be like, man hell nah Kanye ain't killing him.


And it's like nah he really not y'all just from a bigger city. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And Cayenne's good. He probably should have been a McDonald's player but for sure when I, my eye don't lie, I'm like nah, he not better than him. Yeah. And that's kind of how it is. I mean Brandon from LA Yeah he like, and he was good. I seen him play but Brandon did his thing against top talent. So did tall, tall losa dividend average in triple double at Oak Hill. I get it. I lost some code for sure. Yeah. It's just different bro. Definitely cold. But I seen them play Mike and shit, You know what I mean? I seen Eric, Eric Diner had 30 on them in the first half of a a Like, You know what I mean? I'm like nah, real shit. Y'all just and Eric done played on a bigger a u team all like life.


Like I'm just like, bro I played them every day like y'all wasn't fucking with them. Like no. You know what I'm saying? At that time, especially in the city, like you talk about that, that fucking sectional you had Greg and Mike, you had ej, you had George Hill, you had you, you had Josh Roberts like Tum Niggas was Pro Pool and them came up here to play. Yeah. Like it just, then you play each one like it it just, those are all really good pros. Yeah. It was just different. So it, I'll just be looking like I I feel you as an LA kid. Cool. And you was nice. I ain't hating but that was different. Yeah. Biggin mix tape is far but I, I just like when niggas get grown, this shit get different bro. Yeah. Facts. It, it really gets different. I mean here because if that's the case, Like You know Mo was the number two player Like, You know what I'm saying?


Yeah. We can gas niggas up. Yeah, for sure. National Champion. Yeah. Like yeah he's really a one-on-one player. Yeah. Like yeah I throw his motherfucking name in hat if he wants like Yeah I, I would love, like I would put, I could wait for my money on that nigga like yeah that's fuck he do. But for sure all good For sure man. Shout out to the league for sure. The real March mad is going on right now man. So much to talk about. I wanna talk about how you feel about this as a player and a coach. St. John's took that l Yeah and You know what I'm saying? Rick Pitino bitches best player a lot in that second half and a lot of people just like you gotta live and die with your best player. He got you here. Even if he's having a bad game, you gotta, You know what I'm saying?


Hey y'all trusting him. How do y'all feel about that statement? 'cause Rick came out and said I do what the fuck I want to. Yeah. As he should. But it is a way you gotta look at the game. I watched that game. You gotta see the flow of the game. Like Buddy was wilding. He was chucking. Yeah he wasn't, it wasn't a good flow. Like we've been in situations in high school team where probably one of our better players didn't have it going And we pulled them out And we go up 10 and it's like all right you just was, you was, you was feeling away. You thought you had to save everybody And you wasn't that and then whoever they little buddy is the guard with the dreads. He came in Lil Young, I think he went to Georgia Tech at first.


I don't know his name like that. I wasn't really tapped in but he came in, made a couple plays, got a couple am ones and the flow got different and it's like shit am I supposed to fuck it up? Yeah. And put him back in and he been chucking and he shot one shot bro. He had three people on it and they only down, they was down like six. Yeah at one point he was three for 12. Come on. He he trying, he was trying to build, I said yeah he's trying to build his draft stock when he was three for 17 or something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Like he, yeah I, I'm not mad at what he did. I get it like ride he they best shooter like you gotta ride with your guy, whatever it was. But you, everybody my guy, all y'all are my guys. Yeah. Like so you wasn't helping us at that moment. I had to see if somebody else had something going shit for Rick's credit, You know that's Uncle Rick for sure.


And the final four and particularly the national championship bro he been trust Smith 'cause Russ Smith was not playing well and he made us play Luke Hancock the rest of the way. That's what got us the national championship bro. He's proven this works. He like bro I don't give a fuck about none of that. I wasn't mad at, I wasn't mad at it. I was more impressed with Cali Perry though. Okay. Because I never looked at Coach Cal as a great basketball coach. I just thought he was a great recruiter. I always thought he got hella talent. Like if you even look back you get Marcus Camby unbelievable talent when you at UMass. Then you look at his whole Memphis run, you get Derrick Rose, Tyreek Evans you a great recruiter. Dewan Wagner. Yeah you can get talent.


I never looked at him as a great coach. I'm like yeah he don't really put people in position to win. Hmm. Like if you think about it like look at all these teams full of talent he has and he won one time. Right. He did bro. But I can't, I can't discredit his, his coaching ability though. I can. 'cause if you watch his Xs and Os like I ain't gonna lie. I can I damn near if I had a whiteboard I could write they play that they did every single time down. They swing, swing DJ Waner come go to the middle of the paint, he get a pin down, come back up, go to a ball screen. They did it every single time down. Right. And the thing they was doing and it was fine, they was switching one through five St. John's was Yeah. And all he had to do DJ wagon.


Them wasn't finishing at the paint, they wasn't finishing at the cup. They was missing layups. But all he had to do, if he wanted to get a switch, he had a big that was kind of killing. He said a side ball scream Vance it, throw it right in. Yeah. And I'm like y'all keep running the same play. I get it. But that's just like, I'm not saying I'm a better coach. I'm not. I'm he's a hall of Fame coach but I just, it's just obvious like when it comes down to the clutch, I used to watch Marcus And I used to be like y'all going to win 'cause y'all just super talented. Yeah and y'all got and y'all play defense And I but y'all it's old game is ass true. But I think it's kind of hard to get that many talented players at that elite level to jail.


So Well like that though. I mean they ain't though, they put they, they put they egos to the side bro. A lot of those scenes. Yeah I mean that's why I said he's a great recruiter and he a great man man. He a great manager of men. Yeah that that was gonna be my point. I'll, I've never, I don't think anybody is gonna say cows X and Os is gonna knock you off your feet. But the way he can manage people and way he can manage personalities more importantly I think thats what puts him above. But he, he's a greatest salesman in the world. Okay. He will sell, he can sell all them people get drafted 'cause Kyle sell him like oh like he going do the best thing. He gonna come in there. Oh he sacrificed this game. He could average 25 points a game but he sacrificed for our team to be a better team. Why you hear him? Yeah. They all at one heartbeat now they sacrificing their game.


Da da da. No he yeah he's the greatest salesman in the world. And that's what you sometimes that's what you gotta be. Yeah maybe I got a guy on the sideline, got Xs and Os and can do all this stuff. But I'm just saying like when I watch their games, even when M was at Kentucky I should be like oh yeah, yeah it is play calling his ass. But y'all so talented when y'all get by somebody in lobby with Anthony Davis. That's nothing. That's not no play calling. That's just y'all gifted. Yeah y'all just super talented. But he's a great recruiter and a great manager of men For sure. Nah, I fuck with that bro. I just, I, I just, I always just loved how K like was able to do that one and done to go get 20 wins. It's hard to win the N-C-H-M-C ain't too many, ain't too many coaches winning back to back to back to back to back to back like that.


Nah, but you can tell this ain't like the NBA. Alright I'm gonna give you this. Go watch UConn play calling like go watch if you get bored one day just go look at Yukon plays you going nigga that shit look crazy to the point like I couldn't even follow so many plays. It's so much shit. Why he be other to like yeah so many intricate details on that plays. You can't even like you be like ah damn bro. But no I definitely understand that. So even Villano was an old coach, J Wright. J Wright. J Wright for sure whip that shit up. But the difference between Yukon and they still get great recruits. He can't get, he gets recruits, he get top five players. He do it. You gotta get a, it gotta be a certain type of guy to be a Yon guy.


Yeah Cal can Cal can make any, if you talented enough Cal can make it work. Yeah. Yeah because I the Brazil kid that played for Arkansas now he talented, he shot Blocker but some of the shit he do. Yeah you a it'll piss you off. Nah. Yeah like some of the random threes he shoot And I even see Cal sometimes like what the fuck? You know it is just like that wasn't his guy. Like I could tell that wasn't his guy but you talented enough I could make it work. I wanna celebrate Carter Knox too boy. Shout to Carter Knox. Knox. It's my guy. Shout to Carter Knox OT alumni man. Way to keep your head down bro. They didn't highlight you and them highlights but you was a big, big part. He played well of that.


He had a lot of blocks in that game. That bro and my boy then got that body together. Pause. But he is, I mean You know these niggas gonna pause Boogie, boogie coming shout out to Boogie 'cause I'm a fan of him. He came back, You know from a thumb injury being out like that. Yeah. I'm just playing quality minutes. Even Dwan Wagner I always say like we expected more from him. Yeah. Like I, when I, when he was coming outta high school, I thought he was gonna be, he was supposed to be that one and done. Yeah. I thought he was gonna be something a little different. Yeah. And he, he's not, he's probably not gonna be a fan, You know never gonna be like a crazy player. But what he's doing for that team is solid. He's like stable. Yeah.


When he's in the game he kind of get 'em in in they right spots. Yeah. He being a leader out there, he finished at the basketball. He probably had 20 something points that game. Yeah for sure. He struggle finishing. But to see him kind of manage the game like he is, it was good to see. I just thought he would be way more of a dynamic score from when I seen him in high school. You know what I mean? For sure. I was just, they struggled so much this year. I was just happy to see them get that dubbed though. And that's, they was so many shots they yeah that game also as well was controlled by the referees. That was a really good game. But the rest really put their hands on that game. But they were so broke like Yeah Miss think bro think like 60 shot. It was like something crazy.


They was broke as hell. But it was a well play game though. Did you see what they blaming the basketball they're using for a lot of reasons why people are missing layups and like shots because they said it is brand new basketballs and the type of basketballs they using. Oh I could believe that though. Like when you play with a new basketball it it is like that. So I I maybe that's what it is because Yeah I was gonna say even in in open gym niggas don't use burger basketball. Yeah. Nah, never. Never. For sure. Alright, let's get to the real part of March. Maddest man. Shout to Mcne State. My god. Changing the game. I picked that. I picked that upstate. That upset. Yeah. Will Wade signing them papers? She said I'm going to NC State, win lose or draw. Did you see your buddy? You signed Texas? I hate that. Yeah, manager Mcna Miller.


Sean Miller. Sean Miller left Xavier and went to Texas. Andy Miller knock is transferring too. Oh yeah. He going to NC State with, with his guy Big or he gone No fucking lying. He got a hundred hundred K deal. He's going with Wade. The NC State. Yeah. Well Wade got a six year deal. Man. Fact check that facts. NC State, he's the first manager to get the NIL deal. Legend. He legend big from walking out with the boombox. Yeah. Your fucking dad is proud of you right now though. Hey what's he even crazy. A team did that before though. Yeah. Yeah. That's not new. That's not, it was another team did that. Yeah. I can't remember. Don't worry about that Mind business. Yeah, but I'm over. It was the look, the look that sold it. Yeah. You not me because he, he don't look like he's supposed to know all them songs.


Yeah. Oh God it is Aura. Yeah. Him coming out to NBA young boy Gigi. I say yeah, I fuck with him. So for you they telling me that's a real deal man. So salute to you and your family. Well he is the first manager to ever transfer school. He was in the portal. I'm saying it's official. So that's, that's love. That's man, congrats bro. But how y'all feel about the coaches like damn, who's that white lady? How y'all feel about the coaches leaving like immediately or even like during the tournament, like bro I have another game. You could announce this after. Now Porter opened up Monday too, so it's about to get, about to get wicked. But it was crazy 'cause they will Wade, he got on there. He said, Hey look, let's I, I told everybody here my goal is to get back to Power five conference. He said, some of y'all gonna come with me, some of y'all ain't.


Let's run up this season but I'm out this bitch. Nah. And that's respect though. Yeah. He gonna take a couple of 'em. Dudes with him. I also wanna, I dunno how many, what he gonna take? I wanna highlight his people reached out to Jeremiah Fierce Pro. Oh he mad. He's a fucking pro. He should have beat UConn if his teammates could catch a little bit better and finish at the rim. Nah, he mad. They owed him 10 as Jeremiah Fierce showed that he is a real NBA pro. You worked your ass off this year bro. We spoke on you early in the season. Fucking dog. You're going top five. Nah, he ain't gonna go top five. I dunno if we're gonna be top five, top five. Nah, he ain't top, top 10 for sure though. But he, he gonna be a first round pick. Yeah, he he's a pro for sure. He's a pro but he's, I don't know, top five.


We gonna have to get on the mock draft or something. Jeremiah fierce top five is crazy. He elite guard. You gotta a thing. He ain't gonna, he ain't going. He is elite and he's still supposed to be in high school. They gotta be number six on the mock draft. Who's above? I ain't even never seen it. Trey Johnson, ACE Bailey. VJ Edgeco. Yeah. BJ's Nice. Dylan Harper and Cooper Flag. And then who's the last couple after him? J Richardson. Boogie. Flan Con Boo Hard, Edgar Duke de Okay. Dimon like see this is the thing when a draft happened he in Jackson. I I think Jeremiah fear just I, I'm a fan. I like how he play.


I think he cold, he explosive athletic fast Jump shot is gonna get there. Yeah. Yeah. Fuck with me. Jump shot, jump shot gonna get there. You know we're making, when it's a full-time job, the jump shot gonna get there. Yeah for sure. But only thing is like the dude from BYU they got got more opportunity to be seen right now. True. Like it is kind of like the Johnny Flynn thing. My dad said you remember when they played that five times that o whatever that overtime thing was, you kind of fall in love. People start falling in love with people. So now BYU got another chance to play and the dude nice but like you get to see him more.


We seen Jeremiah fierce a little bit. We know he code, but if he had more run in this NCAA tournament, I think that would've solidified. Oh it would've stopped. Okay. You know what I mean? He would've been more like, 'cause he was excited in that game bro. He was going crazy. He dictated that game. Yeah, he was excited. Great energy. His pick and role play was great. He is making great passes. He was getting downhill. He is making shots. But if we would've, if they would've won And we could see more of that, he's been electrifying all years. Yeah bro. He has. Yeah he's literally been doing this shit so I, I ain't mad at that though. Nah, but I, I hope shit he a Indy heat kid. I hope he go out to coach John. My boy be on early. I hope he, I hope he go top 10. Yeah. And he supposed to be in high school.


Him and Cooper Flag. Yeah because he on stay on the team with Jalan. Harson too. Yeah, that was a, a d team supposed to be in high school. So I'm, I'm hype for him. Me, he, shit, I'm a fan and shout out to him though. I love to get in the gym with him. Nah, for sure. Yeah he, he need that. Unfortunately he may not get picked as high as he should but a franchise is going to get blessed getting him but whatever slot I get him. Yeah. I love, I wish I could get in the gym with but shout out to, what did you call it? Mc Magne McNeese State Baby C Win Mcne State. But shout out to the boys boy said I'm getting outta here. I'm getting that bag. I'm not worrying about none of y'all. I don't care about Shout the Brad Smith company. I don't care about who hat me. I don't care. And he was shit too 'cause he was just like, Hey y'all know y'all hating on me at LSU when I was on now school.


Alright bet. Now I'm about to really run it up. I'm about to show y'all And we talking about NC State. They got that purse. They about to spin that paper finally. They was in trouble for a couple years. Yeah. You know, You know how stick you get they was in trouble with your boy Dennis Smith. So they I'm glad they shaked back and able to run a Duffy back up. Yeah boy they should have paid him double. Nah, for sure. But shout out to Brave Forgive magnesia a part of there. Speaking of Leber early Vanderbilt Gar freshman Car B, he dipped out right after the game. Oh, his game was over They, he was like, yeah I had entered the portal Now little bit of context behind. I think he was a recruit from a former coach that ended up being there the whole year. But as soon as that game was up, I'm in the transfer portal.


Damn.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to Friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to Friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all yours with PayPal. Download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Yo, what's good it is Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast Here to share some fresh takes on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The only official hamburger of March Madness. I've been checking out the brackets the last couple of days And I really look forward to a couple First round Matchups UCON versus Oklahoma McNeese. Stay BCH Clemson in terms of the teams with a shot to win the whole thing. I really think St. John's has a chance. Coach Rick Pitino, who's won two national championships already with if Petree like his, he can take his team to the top. Now if you're looking for a upset, like I said, I'll take McNee State over Clemson. They have a really strong defense. They create turnovers and Clemson struggles against pressure. Also. Another upset alert could be Xavier over Illinois. Xavier fought their way into the Turner by booing a playing game And I think they have some scores off the bench and some stars in our team that can really get it done. Stay tuned for more from me for the next couple of weeks. And while you're watching the games, remember the freshest dealing fast food gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can grab a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again head to Wendy's app to grab $1 Junior Bacon cheeseburger, $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official Hamburger Marsh Madness.


Hey everyone, welcome back to Bachelor. Happy hour. I'm Joe. And I'm Serena. And we are here with the iHeart Music Awards and David Bridal who Are sponsoring this podcast And we are so grateful to them. Thank you. Thank you for finishing my sentence. And we are here with our favorites Ton and charity. Where Were you in bikinis? In the Snow, Montana. Okay. She flew out and joined you guys. Yeah. Yeah. Isn't it Cold? No, it was. We well, yeah. Bikinis in the snow. Getting Hypothermia for those photos. Wow. They were sick though. I don't get bikinis in the snow. It's like little, just like an aesthetic. I know. Thank You. If him And I did that, if we did like Speedos in the snow, you guys would be like douche bags. No, I Would, well Speedos in the snow would hilarious.


I would be like, let's see it. Come on. I would not complain here. Beg him to do stuff like that. He's like, no. That's gonna be the name of this podcast. Episode Bachelor, happy hour. Speedos in the Snow. David's Bridal if you're listening, David Bridal Sponsored by your branding. A little sponsored by David Bridle. Davids Bridal. Speedos in the snow Room wear.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players. The always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll Have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe and Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey player. People are just like, that's kind of like tasteless to do that like right after a loss. I'm like no it ain't, these coaches don't give a fuck. They be gone bro. That's the name of the game. Yeah bro. You gotta put yourself in the best position, especially now where there's millions of ball. Boy, you could have left it halftime before I give a fuck. Boy. I, I tell listen. Hmm. I can go back when I was college. That's tough for me. I would tell the coach before the NCAA tournament. You know, I'm thinking I'm, I'm thinking about going to the portal. Why not? I ain't mad at that y'all. I i I just handle shit a little different get through. 'cause it's all my thing is the portal is always there bro. Tommy.


Nah, this is, this is why I think that shit's an issue because if you tell me before the NCA tournament start that you were thinking about the portal. I don't know if you're all in for the team. Yeah, they they know that already though. Yeah. And he wasn't playing either too. So that do a little bit of kind of sad No, I'm just speaking about Oh, just doing it tee's just speaking in general. Oh I gotcha. Like I just, I don't think that's good for my program and if I'm a coach And you come at me before we start the NCA tournament saying, I mean Coach BI might be out of this bitch but let's rock out. Yeah. That 'cause that's what they doing to us. Literally McNee State. He say, Hey yeah, I already signed my deal. Let's a turn this bitch up. I mean respect to Mcne State, but none of us even know where the fuck that is.


We don't. So I that's different. I think that bitch, that bitch I have no clue, but that's what I'm saying. I'm gonna say Alabama. It sound it sound like Alabama. Yeah. That sound like a race. HBCU. Yeah, it do. It's a new one. It do. Mcne State for sure is like the drum line college. Where's McNee State? Where, that's where Dick Canon played the drums at? I just feel like, yeah, I feel like it's in Alabama outta Louisiana. Okay. Same, same slabs, same slab of holes. But I'm just talking about in general, if I'm at a, if I'm at Louisville And I go to, or I'm at St. John's And I walk up to Rick Pitino, I'm like nasty. I ain't gonna a good year. I ain't gonna tell him that though.


You gonna know that though because I'm gonna be, I, I'm not saying I'm gonna go to the coach. I, I should take the back. I'm not going to the coach and tell him that. Okay Jeff. But you should know that my agent already shopping me. Woo t they got agents though. Oh. Respected bro. I know my nigga a coach so I feel like he'd be like because if the nigga start playing away, Jeff would be like that nigga trying to leave any motherfucker away. You just see nigga start playing Jeff like Luke get out the game run. Are you trying to get your draft stock to get your on the yo you gonna cost us the game for your draft stock? Well see that's what I'm saying. I think that's bad for the game bro.


It's been a game. It's bad. Oh I guess I'm just old school bro. I just don't about it. You said you said on principles of nor of Real niggas bro. This shit is all fucked up bro. Yeah it's told y'all I can't, ain't no rules. I can't get with the, everything is WWE that y'all tell me. Nah. So I be having to get my feelings on shit. People already, people already talking about the portal man seasons and if I'm having a good year, I know I ain't going to the league. They already thinking about they new NIL and people are already recruiting. Yeah you hear the coaches like what Cal say the other day I'm gonna still recruit, I'm gonna still do my same formula. I'm recruit five star kids and I'm gonna recruit the portal too. You only gonna have 'em for one year anyway.


That's literally what he said he was. They don't matter if they junior, senior, freshman, you gonna got 'em for one year. That's why niggas is going to LA Fitness and getting, getting the nearest 30-year-old because you can't trust these young niggas. You can't trust, you can't trust nobody bro. It a nigga that's 25, he is more or less to transfer to this 18-year-old. No, that ain't true. We know I can't say his name on here 'cause that is my little homie, but I swear to God my niggas in a portal every fucking year. Ah my nigga Reggie, that nigga Reggie in a portal every year. Little Reggie Bass. That's my mess. But as you should, should go get the money everywhere you can.


But that's the name of the game. He ain't doing nothing wrong. I have a good enough year. I want some more money. Maybe I ain't got it. Damn. Think about it. The portal changed the game bro. Somebody, somebody that we just seen play that probably had a good tournament, it's going to leave their school. Yes bro. And go somewhere Buddy left Purdue is playing at Duke. What's his name? Gilbert Mason? Yeah. Yeah he is at Duke. Oh no y'all, I just, I just feel, I feel different. Y'all not wrong. I just feel like it can be handled different if we're, if the, if my season ends I'm gonna clean out my dorm, all this shit, then I want to have a one-on-one with a coach.


It's the NBA now bro. Like I don't want to at goddamn soon as we lose Coach K, I'm coming to fuck with you. Yeah, I can't, you got the biggest back. It's the NBA bro. Yeah, I'm, I'm doing. Me and Cameron you just dropped 30 16. It feels great because I'll be at the University of Kentucky next year. Y'all helping, y'all helping me adjust with the Times It it's the NBA now think about it. I'm just how NBA experience you be playing against teams that You know got Cap space or they gonna have a lot of money in free agency. You wanna play great against them nigga you be. Yeah you be showing your ass like yeah I'm about to kill nigga if I'm about, if I'm a college kid And we about to play Louisville, I'm going crazy.


I ain't talking no shit to they bench. I'm being polite as hell. Y'all got $10 million in NIL. Yeah I'm gonna go crazy. I'm gonna play hard as hell. I want y'all to come. Hey yes I'm in the report. I heard you had $10 million. I would like to take that million dollars off your hands. Yes, tap in. Yeah I'm learning. I'm learning. Everything is an audition now. For sure. Okay. Appreciate it's the pros. It's really the pros. Now why are we still here with the March? Mad said. Did y'all see what Holly Rose said about the US USC games with Juju? So she was at the game, she was just like Yeah it was like the BET awards. Mm. And niggas was just like, what does that mean? Basically like yeah it's like Colorado. Like Hollywood. What do you really mean by that? What do you mean by that nigga?


It's a bunch of black people. People I'm racist. Yeah, I mean she said it the right way. If I see motherfucker boss Richie and Jeezy and motherfucker Yo Gotti at this motherfucker, this motherfucker look like BET in June. Yeah. Why? Why that say that? Yes the fuck she can. No she can't say that Watch she say MTV awards. There's a lot other things she could have said And you should've how she said well well Jack Harlow better be in between and Bubba Sparks for it to be the MTV. Eminem better be sitting the court side on the other side. That's a fucked up thing for her to say fucked up bro. Because You know it's black entertainment. I'm bullshitting. Yeah she is. But I'm just saying y'all, she telling the truth though. Sometimes you just gotta be like motherfucker telling the truth.


You just not allowed to say, saying that there's a lot of popular black athletes or entertainment came to see Juju. Yeah but it's like she never say oh it's ghetto in here USC I low. It wasn't low. She tried to use all the words trying to say I'm saying on the locus said the BT Awards but which is crazy. You know why people not, nah, I'll fuck with Y Y Right. Y'all right of Juju. Did Y see Jayden, that niggas about to die. JD J. Yeah, Jones Daniels. He was sitting by Juju. The next thing you see his mom sitting in between them. Yeah that's Miss Te. My mom would never, she would never block party. I'm holler at some skin. She gonna move. Miss Teague come and sit down right to her then you what we all did you see the other picture when she poisoned the camera?


Like yeah I'm in here. Yeah I'm here. Yeah. Fuck you talking about. They not an item. They are friends like damn. Now listen mama, I'm gonna tell you something right now. There's a lot of hoes out here. If I see this wonderful young woman who's a generation talent, yeah this should be the per And you should probably be happy that I'm sitting next to Juju. But see that, that's why we gotta understand what really happened. Y'all. We don't know. We don't, we makes it funny. This will make it really funny. That's probably mama she probably don't even like Yeah that's probably mama seat. You know what I mean? Juju is probably No, mama was next to Juju at first. Yeah it did. Yeah. See Strange. Yeah. It's probably harder for her to talk to the son on the other side. Talk to me at home mom. I'm right here to my baby boy.


You know what I mean? I got a couple questions to ask but I listen. Juju's a pretty girl, whatever it is. I don't know if I could, this is she's comfortable. I don't dunno if I could date a girl or her a bigger star to you. Whoa. I don't think she Ja. I was say I don't think she a bigger star to Jay and Daniel. Nick. Yes. She's, you think Juju's bigger than Jay and Daniel Look Yes. Yes. My nigga is out of pocket bro. He is starting quarterback in the NF nfl. The JuJu Watkins. He got the best rookie season ever in the NF nfl. Y'all told he she a bigger star than him. He is nigga I am Juju Watkins. That's a, she's not a bigger star bro. I was a star before people knew your name bro. Nah, on some real shit. I one the biggest high school females of all time.


She not she she not a bigger bro. That's high bro. Her hairstyle favorite in him bro. He one the highest number bro. He did y'all. Wow. Her hairstyle is way more famous than Jay did and there's no disrespect told the bitch. Hold on. This is not me disrespectful bro. Niggas don't even watch college like girl's Best but they know who Juju is. Oh Lord. We never gonna be able to fuck with the hoe. But they know who she is. Nah, I'm being for real, like I'm not, I'm saying like majority of the world. Everybody watch N NFL's the most watched sports in the United States. This is just team do his ana league breakdown. Go ahead. He is a fucking star. He made, he took his team to the play the fucking Washington Redkin facts, whatever they call theyself commanders bro. He is one of the biggest stars in the NFL.


That's why this show works. Y we gotta people bro. But that's Juju Watkins bro. Let y'all finish this spiel. We let each other Y y y'all wildling y See a bigger star than Jayden Daniels. All y'all crazy bro. Bro, you walk down the street, you can walk past Jay Daniel's bro. You see Juju like damn that's Juju bro. Y'all wild bro. And that's the reason, reason, reason I kind of want to side with y'all on that is because football players are less known because they wear they helmets all the time bro. Yeah, but his name though, Jayden Daniels bro. I feel like his name is definitely bigger than Juju Watkins. Come on bro. Name y'all tripping bro. Him as a personality. Like if you see him in person, you might walk past him but like his name, if we talking Juju Watkins or Jayden Daniels, come on bro. We know Jay Daniel. We fucking Heisman making star's the star.


She's a star nigga. She's gonna have every record in college basketball by the time she's done, bro. When she's done she's going to end up being a bigger start to him right now. I don't think she bigger sergeant him bro. This nigga just, it's gonna be home conversation Washington commanders to the fucking playoffs. No. Yeah, everybody watching. Oh she has U USC people really just now like bro, the reason the cameras was on though, because Jayden dang. She was sitting by Jayden Daniels bro. No nigga. The cameras was there. He was there the whole time when she was playing the camera did up in that way until she, it went that way because she walked by him like she be the nigga. It was him. She always goes and sits somewhere. Yeah, it is him bro. But they decided to, to pan this time because hey man, us C aint been good since Han.


Y'all sitting here being disrespectful talking to me. Me about I'm that's she's a superstar. She's a superstar. Juju Watkins is Star. She's mega star. Y'all. She's a superstar. But I'm not saying she but Jake bro, he Cole, he is a like a, he's a Heisman Trophy winner bro. Are y'all serious right now? I'm blame that he like a generational talent. He the best rookie season in foot bro. You know how many more people watch football than women's basketball? Well they, I don't disagree with that. All at all. Even over the NBAI don't disagree with that at all. Like come on. I don't think DJs disagreeing with that. I'm saying in our world, the urban community niggas, we know Juju watches popularity.


If you're going that route then you not 100% agree but Nigga bow, we talking watch football. Yes bro. When he go to the real well white people go, Jay, what the fuck? He's in here. Like, they gonna be like, oh where she play. Oh okay. Yeah. And that's, that's Holly wrote shit. That's why they outta pocket. But did you see RRG three? I'm happy kids is more tapped in with with Juju than Jayden though. Yeah right. To put it perspective 21 and under 21 and under no more Juju if you're about to use NL stats, that's that's some bullshit. Yeah, please do. Please do. 17.5 million people watch a regular season NL game. That's why I was done argue with it because come on bro. Point. Yeah. Exposure's not 0.4 million people. Watch the Big 10 championship for women's wrestl.


What are we talking about bro? Bro. But this is big championship. This is my only argument with that is he's not the biggest star in his sport. That's an old wrong. He's one. He's a fraction of. He is about, he's at the bottom number. No, no, no, no. Yes he is. If he was 10th, what? He's not 10th. I said bottom 10th. Yeah like bottom tier meaning like, like Pat Mahomes is so much bigger. Travis Kel is so much bigger. They he not far. He not far. Also Lamar Jackson is so much bigger facts. Juju Watkins is the biggest in her in restricted sport. Yeah but I'm saying he you gotta do that too. Y if you go on women's basketball you going Asia, Wilson Kalin Clark Juju And you wanna put, she's a college basketball.


That's cool. But the 10th biggest start in NFL is getting viewed. Yeah. Two 17 times disability. I have no argument with that. I said I don't have any argument with that situation. Yeah but you bro do y'all know when he was in a play bro, he was everywhere bro. Yeah he was like that's all talking about, that's an age bracket thing too bro. Because kids don't watch the NFL bro. They're human beings too bro. 21 and under no more Juju. It's more Juju Walkers fans 21 and under I I swear to you kids 21 and under watch football, that's a bad take. I swear to God they watch football. It's not, I'm talking about pop. They probably watch, I'm talking about popular so You know, I'm not saying they don't see her, but I'm not saying they don't watch shit watch her, they don't probably don't watch her games at all.


She's just more known for being a highlight killer bro. She's all over the internet y'all. Yeah, I'm not saying kids are on the internet more than what they're watching. Sitting down watching Sunday night football with their parents. I ain't gonna lie. Jayden Daniels was on the internet too, bro. Not like her. She's more of a personality. I'll give you that one that that's But not enough. Not enough. Be bigger than the house we've heard all awesome. We gotta move on. Let's, let's let the comments decide this one but great debate for sure. Did y'all see the NCA gambling commercial? Nah. Whatever. Just like hey we know you guys wanna put it in your parlay, you wanna make your money but remember hell yeah these are college kids. Be nice to him. They have feelings. Hey You know what? Fuck that.


Don't fuck up my parlay. You are getting paid to play college basketball. I don't put money on this tape. I don't want to hear none of that shit bro. Y'all just sit here and said it was the pros. So it is. Yeah, well yeah. Fuck they feelings then. Yeah bro. When LeBron James fucks up my parlay, he gets these tweets. You will too bro. I don't give a damn now people shouldn't be taking it too far. Of course we just joking but hey that, that's crazy that they put that PSA out. No, we don't care bro. No we definitely don't care about that. Yeah, you fuck up this money, you gonna get this. We don't care. Shout out to the, I also we talking about my artist March Madness. Shit. Shout out to the little point guard from So I, hold on, I'm about to just to get back to Judy from Auburn, the freshman, I just wanna speak high. You who? Pettiford? Yeah. They keep saying, they talking about little Brother. Yeah, they keep saying that point.


Oh little brother I I like that. I fuck with that. Okay, so let me just mind you, you said Jay Daniels is the 10th the he the bottom tier of NFL, right? Yeah, so far it's like superstars. Okay. Juju's the Elite right? Yeah. Basketball. She got a million followers on Instagram. Jayden Daniels got a million followers on Instagram. Right. Okay. So you making my point. Now imagine they getting the same views on Instagram or whatever it is, but he's getting seen almost 17 times more on an average day than she is. Listen bro Football, this is to DJ's defense. 'cause I really don't give a fuck. I swear. Swear to, I swore to God on my life bro.


If she goes to a fucking Super Bowl, more people are going to fucking know who she is than him. I agree. You know why I see Face 'cause he wears a fucking helmet bro. I agree with that point. It's different now. I agree with that point. No dead ass. You know why, You know why it's different now? Because he do the same shit that she do now. They get on Instagram, they take the helmets off because we would've said the same thing about Odell Beckham long time ago. But how big is a star is Odell Beckham man, Odell Beckham is this every and that's one of the best catches in NL History and Jayden Daniels had the best played. Jayden Daniels had the best season in nfl. The yes bro. But he doesn't have a highlighted moment like them. He crazy. You seen that pass? He through and they score that touchdown.


We gotta move okay ball. But did y'all see this? And I even a Commander's fan but now I'm that's nasty. Now I'm fucking with you. Nasty. Yeah, you, you wanna fuck I fuck putting him two. But it that's, that's why NFL players be full away. 'cause they like damn bro I am like the biggest but this bitch is so much more like, nah bro, I don't wanna call her. No, just terminology. But it's, she's visible bro. Everywhere bro. State Farm, Nike, she's got big deals. We, we get it. Let's move on from this. We're never end this conversation. But did y'all see this coach while out at the end of the game when he pulled her hair? Yeah, he deserved to be fine. Killed, fired. What is that ass? Whoop. I'm saying why would you pull a girl hair like that?


Her daddy ain't there. Ain't no daddy ain't in the crowd punk. That might be his his daughter. It gotta be, hopefully it's his granddaughter. Yeah, I hope it is not there ain't no fucking way. Yeah somebody he need his ass whooped and whoever the person that stepped up shout to her. Yeah but like why would you pull like I just don't respect that's that's corny. Like why would you do that? You coaching And you nothing right there. Yeah, I don't give a fuck what you doing as a coach. Nothing requires that. That's insane bro. Don't touch nobody kid buddy. The 81. Oh no they should have sent him to the Lord. Oh he on his way out. He did that for Bobby Knight and that was his star player. Haley Monroe? Yeah. Yeah he almost died. He probably like her some shit.


Yeah. Yeah they said it was because she something about shaking the other team's hand or something like that. Don't give a fuck. Don't give a fuck. There's still no valid reason to to do that. I'll just kick 'em off the team. I ain't about to touch you though. Yeah, sportsmanship is one thing but don't fucking touch nobody for sure cut me. I mean damn You gonna kick me off the team because I shook the other opponents hand. Nah, she must have not wanted to shake. Oh. I couldn't see you being mad for shaking the team man. I about to say. Damn. That's crazy. Yeah, either way though. You put your hands to my kid. You deserve. Get your ass whoop you outta pocket for sure man. Before we get outta here man. RIP George Foreman man. Mm. Who? That shit was crazy. George Foreman Big George man. Damn George and died. Yeah man. He named every one of his kids so he gonna live on forever for sure man.


Yeah that's what you do it for. Everybody was talking about the air fryers before the George Foreman grills. George Foreman Grill was, I don't gonna lie bro. That motherfucker used to pull all the juice outta my burger bro. Man this is all pizza of the grate. You, you, it was Lean Trendsetter. Yo Burger was a big trendsetter for the Black American community for sure. Most definitely. The biggest pioneer from boxing so far is entrepreneurship. Okay. A hundred percent. But absolutely the George Foreman Grill. I'm, it's quiet. Nah, that was a good, every time I put a patio on that motherfucker bro, it dre that motherfucker like I'm ringing my rag out after I was, it was Lean bro. Your burger was good and lean bro and Turkey burgers was, was perfect before go.


I don't, I don't eat Turkey burgers but I swear to God that motherfucker ground beef patty, that motherfucker really works. Oh that motherfucker was an impossible burger by the time that motherfucker got off the George Foreman. You said George Foreman vegan. Hold on. Shout out to Wendy's. It was always Fresh. Shout out to Wendy's. It was always Fresh. Shout George Foreman. That grill is legendary. You was the first. I feel like to me that was before the griddle and everything. Yeah, in a black household. Everybody spent that 50 to get one of them. So I've seen so many Chicken Teriyakis made on the George Foreman girl. Yeah, he was ahead of your time with that bro. Shout to my nigga Wagon And we, that was our first, my nigga to have no furniture.


We went to the store, bought a George Foreman grill nigga on my mama and watched the Miami Heat play the Dallas Marick bro. Swear to God. So of all the things that could have been placed in that apartment immediately, you niggas got a George Foreman Grill? Yeah, we made burgers and Friess, bro. Real talk. Shout out to my family. Shout about Shout to Swag my dog. Oh six. I seen a story about George Foreman the other day. I was watching a, it was on a podcast and it was talking, it was a boxer talking about how hard George Foreman hit. It was naming a bunch of boxers that he had fought and he was like, George Foreman hit harder. Any them. And he had fought George Foreman when he was like 50, like one of his later fights in George Foreman career. And he was just like, he hit harder than any boxer I ever got hit by.


He so he felt like he had metal in his hands. Damn. He was like, so he hit me so hard one time. He said, I went to the My corner and said the nigga got something in his gloves. That was a big dude though bro. Imagine a nigga. That's a real heavyweight. Oh is he 50? Yeah. And he hitting you And you think he got metal in his gloves? Oh that's different bro. What he Muhammad Ali? He wrote, he fucked up Muhammad Ali. Hey bro. That's a legend bro. That's that's the crazy part about that. Like that he survived that. I know the rope dope stuff is legend come back out. But to take all that punishment bro, it's crazy. Nah. Yeah bro, I just, I fucked with the business bro. He knocked Mikey Moore out at 50, bro.


However old he was, he was old. He knocked him out bro. He was a world champ And you the first nigga to name all your kids after you. George Jetta is the girl's name. Damn. George Jetta a remix. Yeah. See I'd have been a little confused. I've walked past you in the club. I look like you an og. Get her outta here. Get her outta the section. We all know. Yeah, we need your ID for sure. It's too dark in the, she like I'm I'm George. You know got big hands. You got an intruder six by six rap fight.


Oh good. How you doing? My name is George. We got in. Stop playing the screen boy. Get on your slip the screen. Her father just passed. Hey man, we celebrated George on here bro. Yeah, pioneer man. One talk at the funeral rule my nigga. No you a legend. No, he had a thousand cars. I fuck with that. Yeah bro. First real boxing entrepreneur. For real bro. No, for sure man. He worth 300 s. Yeah. Worth 300 m shout bro. Facts bro. He did. Right bro. And especially at that time period. We talking about a lot of boxers and stuff. Who did all that fight? Y'all did names and they didn't have a lot to, but if y watched this movie, right? Y this movie. But he talked about how he lost his money.


Yeah. And then he came back around. Somebody stole his money and shit and then he ended up getting blessed. He started fighting. That's why he started fighting again when he was older. Did that shit. Then got blessed with the George Foreman Grill and he got his money and he made, he was smart with it ever since then. But shout out to him bro. Alright. Yo to the ball. RP man. Alright man. Before we get outta here, be here. Tell the people they can grab some merch. Yeah. Shop club five twenty.com. Baby we live. We appreciate y'all. We'll be back next time. 12 5 20. The Volume.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games, go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal. Download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player, Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.