
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Okay? Have you heard about this last year degree Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Member Week is here at Lowe's. Don't miss your chance to get up to 40% off hundreds of items like paint, outdoor and home essentials and more. Shop our exclusive deals happening in store and online now through May 14th, not a rewards member. Join for free today and get ready to save more Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs subject to terms and conditions. Details of lows.com/terms subject to change.


The Made for This Mountain Podcast exists to empower listeners to rise above their inner struggles and face the mountain in front of them. So during mental health Awareness month, tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and then climb that mountain. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the struggle. Listen to, made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast here. Yes Sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. It is kind of star studded a little bit. Man, We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast. Season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume.


Yo, what's going on? It's Club five 20. Man, we just here to talk about some real stuff and listen, everything is going up. Everything is more expensive, you name it. Water, eggs, milk. It's a lot of stuff going on. The last thing you want is credit card debt. And listen, there is a better way for you, man, especially to build your credit. All you gotta do is tap in with chimes credit builder car. It's a secure credit card. No credit check and a minimum deposit required. But listen, it'll get you start on your financial freedom. A, it is really easy to start building credit with your everyday purchases. You can make regular on time payments. It is no annual fees, interest or credit checks. I mean, chime is the way to go. chime.com with a better credit score. It gives you an opportunity to take family vacations, unexpected bills that you can take care of. You know, just make life a lot easier for you. A good score makes a big difference. All these things can help you lower interest rates on your home and your car. A good score makes a big difference. Using your chime map. You have access to 50,000 fee free ATMs across the world to your everyday purchases and on time payments. Its the steps towards your financial goals. And Chime, secure Credit Builder, visa credit card. Get started today@chime.com. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card is issued by the Bank Corp Bank NA or Strive Bank. Na Spot Me eligibility requires an overdraft limit. Apply Chime checking account required to apply out of network ATM withdrawal and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Time depends or submission of payment.


Alright man, we back yo, another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wells. Same game with me to my left. We got my dog Bishop B. He out the Prairie release. How you what nasty. What's happening my boy? Let's get tour baby. For sure. To my right. My dog. Young Nacho Young Teague. How you what? I'm chilling man. Chilling. My boy dressed alike today man. What? What's that shit? Cute bro. Let's not use words like that. You know what I'm saying? Cute bro. Yeah. You know kind of shit you gotta say to a nigga what good to say. We're not Chicago Drip guy. Let stop watch the show bro. Shout Thaty. That was not us.


All I'm saying is promo don't take that long that you can clean it up. Yeah, I don't got it. There has to be a take to or a take through situation. Whoever did that was trying to be messy bro. Yeah bro. Because that's probably not even a promo that went to the club promoters to put out. Nah, they put it out in they own. They probably sent it too juicy. They sent that. He was like, nah, I'm gonna use this one. That's crazy. Okay. My boy pulled out the OGs, You know what I'm saying? Raptors and dps. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, yeah those are the best. What sevens one of them for sure. Yeah, I go with these are the Bodo Bodo definitely a tough seven. That's, that's not a good line. Oh seven is not a good line. Seven is definitely one of the weaker Jordan Lions. But it's some, it's some far sevens.


Is it? Yeah. You got the Cardinals. You don't like the Cardinals or I, I love Olympic sevens. I know other people but I feel that way. Olympic seven are salad. These them white, white and Carolina blue ones are trash. Woo. They're French blue sevens. Them are sleepers. I seen them in a minute bro. Yeah, I forgot about them. I seen them in, I might have to. It's quiet outta very solid bro. Out all the white and sky blue shoes. The French he got the, oh that Olympic one is better. Wasn't it a year? The hair. The hair sevens is tough fire. It's a, now I gonna hold you all it got like seven. That's nice bro. Our age group really love the sevens 'cause they came out with all the crazy flavors in oh 4, 0 5. Like when they bought, what's the joints?


Cirus Citrus Sevens was crazy. Fire. I got them on them fire too right there. Yeah. Oh yeah. Those are, those are Ben. The Ben Sevens. Yeah. My Carina. Yeah. I'm wearing 'em next time. Ben Sevens are a very expensive shoe. I cannot afford those. Shout out to them. Next time we pod I'm wearing 'em. What's your favorite Ben shoe? Do you have a favorite? Ben? Ben? Nine Uhuh. I probably five. What's the ones I had? The fives. The fives? Yeah. That's probably the hardest one. Ben nine for me. The five and the 13. The thirteens was far until they made another version of it recently. Yeah. I don't like them. It makes it nasty. I'm gonna take them sevens actually I like them. You know what it's, it's a different reason because I thought they was fake. They look like it. When I first seen 'em I was like damn this nigga got on some fake js.


Then I went and did my research. Hmm. That was a time period. The Benzs, that type of stuff. Even the Breaker stuff used to hit different back then. Them was the fire ones, the fives. Yes. I was never mad at those. Them crazy. Those so raw. But go to that Ben n though. Ah. I still ain't wore. I wore 'em one time. I need to wear 'em again. That Ben n is that five because I went with that say my favorite shoe. Ah Ma Ear. I mama ear. I I love y'all. I always fucked that up but they made me start wearing 'em again when I got five. Boy up Mike. I ain't, I wasn't never really them so hard.


That's a au show. I wasn't them so hard. That gold is so crazy on them. That gold is crazy. Yeah, it's not. That ain't no regular material on there. Leather. I feel like I've seen Brown like the LeBron wear though. Damn. I've seen those St. Vincent St. Mary nine. I don't know. Oh that's what he wore. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. Nine is nine seven better than nine. Jordan Ross. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Seven's better than nines. Yeah. Okay. Yeah that's a door. Yeah that what that DB nine is E for sure. That's probably what my friend seven over a nine. Yeah. Sevens is white better than nines. That White Navy nine, they're all black with the red nine.


No they're all blacks. Air nine. That shit is trash. Hey that's the nasty nine you just pulled up man. Yeah, that's the disgusting. Yeah that's out pocket. The white and black nine. The OG nines. Yeah, the OG nines is in the Carolina nines. Cool. Great. Nas is crazy too. Yes. That's the only three after that it give No the all black ones is fire bro. No, the flint grays is nasty. The white and the white and blue ones. That all black is nasty. The white and navy blue ones are raw. This one Pat Leather. Oh no Thero. No. Yeah, I'm not looking at those. Those but those white and blue ones, the Carolina NAS is is Piff. Yeah. Them is hard. Yeah. But after that they get spook. Yeah. Now them white and blue ones bro is raw. The white and blue pad leathers.


You talking about the Navy joints? Yeah. Yeah. No, nah, nah. Those look like purple Lakers. What they got some White Navy ones. Seventh grader signed? Not he had, I'm taking a seventh in high school. Yes. They had 'em in Lowe's too for a minute. I remember too. Them? Yeah, the Lowe's was better. The low's was pissed. I like the Lowe's. They had an all white version too. That was crazy. But I'm gonna take the sevens. I'm that's tough. So from one through 10, nine is the worst one because we just said seven was there No seven is bro. Nah. Okay. Hey really? Eight. Y'all know how 12 is the worst. 12 though. Start That shit ain't lie. 12 is the worst. Jordan 12 is the worst. Jordan stop. What are we on y'all?


Why? How do we get here? The eight? Well y'all bro, the eight has classic color. The aqua, the bugs bunny, the playoff. It's between the seven and the eight for me. Yeah, 12. The nines are not better than that. You said one through 10, 12, 9. You're being charge. I just saying the twelves are so ass. You disrespectful. The flu games are P, the taxis are crazy. The white wrist is crazy. He know Shout out to the meows. They on the way out they are. This nigga's true. Everybody who fucked up they Columbia elevens is waiting for the meows. They go that's gonna look so mid. Oh it's nasty. Ugh. The mellow twelves with the, I can't wait. Look at that bro. That just looks like fire line up. Yeah that's every white and black. And then we fuck y'all up with the black and white T that you knew that the black and white is terrible.


Can't no other 12. 12 shred bro. Horrible shit. Now they obsidian and can kiss my as obsidian. That's the only one that's wrong. Obsidian 12. Oh nasty. He tweaking. That's stupid. Jordan flipped the swag on niggas was bro. That's how I know it's weak. You know that's what Jordan knew. Like these niggas just love me. They buying whatever bro. Them taxis is pimp like bro we just gave you the taxi top here. Tier of fresh bear y niggas of 12. Y'all niggas y'all searching bro. Shit that's just 'cause we like Mike if that shit said no, you always say that. If that shit said Scottie PPP and them whata set on the, that was, if that was Gary Peyton bro I was locked in bro.


I don't mean you wouldn't have bought them. Zip. Gary Pay brother and GP is a sleeper too. GP got some heat and it make nothing but the GPS without a zipper. Yeah bro. Nah I'm, I was quiet. It's literally the Gary Pay. I was more of a Dennis Robin shoe over a gp. Ah Dennis Robins. Dennis Robin got some heat hard. Yeah I was, I was a dro them some quality shoes right there. He do. And he switched brands with it too 'cause the Congress wasn't that bad either. Nah I want them the worms that was hard GP shit was just, just the glove shit. Especially with his like persona and shit. That first to black, the white glove, that ain't nothing but a taxi 12 or look at it niggas is disrespectful. That ain't nothing but no flip the script. The black with the white problem. Motherfucker sat sheet over them.


There ain't nothing but a taxi bro. You said that taxi with a durag. That's it literally nigga 1,003 count fucking bow. Wow. Rag on it. It's literally all hey on me Bow. Wow. Got one of the best durag series out here in these streets. Tap in. Do I only wear them bitches in the winter but I fuck with them for sure. Alright man. Wait you got seasonal Durags? That nigga's filthy. You can't wear the velvet joint bro in the summer. That's crazy bro. You not doing the's work bro. Hey I seen a nigga in the club went off but he durag. I said yeah have you your durag flap? Yeah. You, you might steal. I do bro. So don't look like taxis though. No. Nah Disrespectful.


You gotta let your durag fla bro. Nah, you tuck it on some cool shit when you walking down the street. But when you, the crib just vibing flap down. No that's cool. But if you going into the store, you out of pocket for just letting your flap down. Pause. I can't believe y niggas really wear a durag though. I mean bro you got the sponge cut bro. So it's, I'm just saying like even if I had a low cut, I would never wear a durag. Like well your, your hair is a little choruses. Damn nigga I got good hair. What the fuck are you talking about? You see my sister here, we all come from that lineage. Nah, I'm just saying bro. It's like if you had hair you just brushed it like you was like a little nappy head boy. Not wearing, not with bds. Nah nah I had waves bro.


My hair will naturally wave up. Yeah 'cause it's so nappy like you got no nigga. For real bro. That's beat up nigga. My shit wave up respect though bro. When you rock the OG sponge, the Duke starting five now. So you ain't gotta wear no dude right now. I don't know. I don't know why I'm about to get some waves now 'cause my shit be shitting on y'alls. I ain't respect bro. Do what you want bro. Bow could be on the show next week man. Make sure you send some durags. I ain't wearing his durag. Swear against. I'm not wearing no fucking bow Wild Durag. No disrespect to the, to the legend himself. But how You know it's crazy? He got the regular then he got the elite though because them ain shit. See I'm like the one nigga when I start waving I'm making videos, I'm gonna have a crown and shit. Like y'all ain't got the crown.


Y'all just, y'all just brush my hair like I'm og. I used to nigga cut my mama penny hose up instead of my yeah like nigga I had a crown and I put the little pad right there when I asleep. My shit was, that shit was not out when we was kid. Yeah it was Man ask Terrell Terree Terrell, I'm gonna put me up. I don't make fun of people in certain situations and stuff but I had a home birth growing up. Who cut socks to try to make like wristbands and headbands. I was like hey bro Pop's got 10 for you my nigga. Nah that was me. Fuck. Fuck you talking about? I used said well Iverson first did the sleeve, you was cutting your socks. What the full the the low. I'm some real shit. I don't think niggas is that poor. I don't give a fuck what nobody saying nigga. Yeah I know I stand for people like I come from the trenches but no way.


You can't go buy a $10 arm sleeve. They didn't even have him out at that time bro. They probably wasn't even $10 then but they weren't even out. Yeah so you probably couldn't even buy. He really had it 'cause his arm was fucked up. He did bro. But I feel like it was somewhere where it was speed. Somebody had those shoes in Gaon it have it. Yeah they didn't have it. Somebody had it. It wasn't even out yet. Niggas just see him wearing it because, because I just feel like you did a lot of poor shit 'cause you wanted to you so much shit that you did like that you did not have to that you, that was what does DJJ say that is a choice to cut up a sock and put that motherfucker on your or nigga don't nobody, ain't nobody Mama giving them they didn't even have him out when I was doing that by the way. And you used to steal all the time. So why didn't you just go to the store and take why nigga always call me what the fuck I used to do?


I'm just saying bro, cutting up a guy out bro. Like now they got 'em out for kids. They wasn't out bro. Niggas like what is he wearing that for? It was really a medical thing so they wasn't even out And my homeboy, he had the the the wristbands off the Russell socks. I was like yo my nigga this ain't, this ain't the vibes bro. Nah I wouldn't have did that. I get a wrist man. That's what I'm saying bro. The wristband had man but obvious shit I felt them I had to long socks. Niggas just do some shit Crazy as I kid niggas was wearing magnet earings nigga in middle school bro. Nah I wasn't doing that. Niggas had the magnet earings nigga short wrist bro. Yeah niggas I'm trying to get their ears pierce. Nah bro the craziest part is you had that and my ears were already pierced. You lame as hell. You did own.


See what I'm saying? You're doing poor shit for no reason You so you go to King's Beauty it just get the joints. I never went to King's no fucking earrings. My mama bag the earrings nigga if you under 30 you probably really don't know nothing about that. That's funny though. Yeah that is crazy. Only thing I couldn't get with was niggas that would go get the context I couldn't get. Oh that's nasty Out to my nigga Hugh Shout nigga songs. My nigga said the gray ones my nigga Hugh had niggas nigga his eyes was Hazel for years. My nigga Sauce black as hell had gray eyes nigga then they were thinking about a King's Beauty. So with everything, yeah my nigga Hugh had Hazel eye girls like his eye pretty as hell. This nigga had contact for 20 fucking years.


That was my nigga sauce bro. All four years at Ripple Nigga Matter swag it out. That shit needed to be studied nigga why would you, I can't wait till I lead this before I'm calling. That nigga said nigga why you had context like that bro, shout to salsa rule bro. And then my nigga Lou had a double hairline. I was just about to say the double hairline that was, that was treacherous. Shout to my, I ain't put allegations on Lou. He did My nigga shout to my brother, he came from South Bend. Nigga had a double hairline. He was like what the fuck is that? Yeah that was wild times. He was like y'all don't do double hair lines and niggas used to cut their eyebrows. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Niggas niggas didn't do that in my school. Niggas who weren't in gangs that did it. I didn't understand. I didn't, I didn't to those who lived that different life and respect, I didn't know that was some gang shit. Me either.


Oh yeah. To an extent I thought that just meant you was open to the world. I didn't know Open to the world is crazy man. What that, what that mean? Open to the world Like you just free spirit. Oh yeah. Nah I ain't never do that. That's funny 'cause You know you used to go to the OG barbershop, you used to have the ones to pick the numbers that wasn't on there. So you had hey gimme right here. Damn. That's crazy. You slice my shit. Pulls like shout my nigga see home. He still get his shit sliced. He get the eyebrows cut. Yeah like with a slash to it. Yeah. Shut up man. He do bro. He right here bro. I think on the end or that's bro for real.


He do bro You know what's funny, our experiences from the barbershop and kids now is totally different 'cause now all barbers got style seats. Yeah like you have to book an appointment bro. Used to have to go on a day and don't let it be a weekend 'cause You know you was about to, you had to sit all bro. You had to lock in. Yeah. Yeah my mama was filthy. He want that. I didn't ask for that baby. That's a ball fade. Oh yeah shit. Oh yeah I was getting them, I was not asking for that. I was getting them. I was like I wanted that. It was the wave, the 360 wave. She like boy you getting napped at the ball fade. Yeah my shit grow like a chi pit nigga something. My shit was weak after three days. Fuck now he 14.


That alcohol nigga. I remember my, when my brother took, my brother used to go to his dude named Junior Shout to Junior and he used to get his hair cut but when he came to our crib my dad made us go to his kjs Beauty College. Right. Mm. And they didn't do wave cuts. They it was a new nigga, he ain't know how to do wave cuts so he just break. My brother had 360 wave. He ski my, that's what I'll do. Terrell was so bad. I was rolling. Yeah. My dad was like look good man. Man coming over here no more. Man. I swear to God he was hot bro. What's so funny, your dad's optimism in a way. Y'all respond always be fighting. Nothing bothers him bro. Out pocket. Was he balded at the time?


Oh my dad been bald ever since I've known him to him telling Terrell that look good is out of pocket. Nigga you ball hit it. What the fuck? But Terrell, see, shout to shout out to my brother Rel bro. Bro, you watching the barber do this bro, You know better than that. No it was too late. But You know that first, that first dude he had to, he had to have the guard all the way down bro because when he went it was like eh bro was like this is not sitting because you allowed him to do that bro. You know Barber walk up to you like this bro. Like so you watching he did it. He said eh, that nigga it was at KJ Beauty College. I ain't never forget that. That nigga was in there like Zel Glory with just tears his by his face. He must have been the beginner.


Oh it was. That was beauty college. It was. It had to be his first second. It was a $5 cut five. Whoa. Yeah, Terrell deserved it. My daddy used to send me on a mission with my bike. You wanna get hair cut because You know my dad's get you a chili bow. I'm not fucking with those. No, he was like you, I'm just cutting y'all hair too nigga. What? Oh man, you, you go look at you go look at my picture nigga. When I was in like I had to be like first grade. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. With you in front of your parents. Did he cut your hair? Remember that picture? They keep posting to you. You like sitting in between your mom and dad because your hair was horrible. That my friend Alright chill.


But it's one with me and Marcus nigga and I had like a, I like had like a curl but that motherfucker was a chili bowl around that motherfucker. Like he, it was a curl. That nigga just, he ain't fuck with the tape game. Not around that motherfucker no taper. He ain't blend shit


from the play games all the way to the finals. Now is the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase score. Ready to place your first bet. Download Draftking Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users do draft King customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets. Easily make it a playoff run. To remember a DraftKings, download the Draft King sports book app and use promo code club five 20. That's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on draft Kings The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER In New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebel in one of the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself. So we all made mistakes, right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do but we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and odor


protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen. They admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one miss for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself


Made for this mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg LA and this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a very Big way. Real people, real perspectives. This Is kind of star stunned a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne For Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug Van Benny, the butcher Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine, Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz Kara Moosh. What we're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to him. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcast.


I am Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Damn pop's out of pocket man. I ain't never seen my dad like really get mad at my mom's or go off my mom's. It was one time I guess he was busy working and he couldn't take me to the barbershop. My mom caught herself cutting my hair at home. Hey OG pulled up at the CRI and lost his shit. He said hey we ain't gonna never do this shit again because of my mom. He was like, we not gonna have nigga to something dark. Yeah, what happened was I had a barber my whole life but boy that was, it was wicked rush out to my nigga drinks on 40th and boulevard. Man I hell no shine on at Kenny's on 38th and college like hell no bro. You had to get a real haircut bro. My green day was a barber, I never paid for a haircut. Hmm. That's why you act the way you act now. You still don't get haircuts never once every three months.


Nah, I ain't damn boy. That's your hair is just stay how it is though. My grandma white. Yeah. I could never bro. Every is is your grandma white? Yeah. How often y'all get your hair cut? Probably wanna say two weeks. I go like once a month. Oh okay. Damn. What's so crazy is now the price for like regular people to get their kids hair cut is so od. Yeah barbers. I think barber's now the average cut is probably like 50, 40. 50. Yeah. Live Atlanta it's a hundred damn near like 60 to a hundred, a hundred for the fade is tough. So I got little girls man Bob get his shit braided. My girls get their hair done man.


Yeah my nigga having locks to school. We just lined up every two weeks bro. No ret twisters not ahoe at all. I know that shit costs. Yeah the ret twisters. Yeah I be watching, this is weird but I be watching like dread videos and I watch like pimple pop and shit. I don't know why I watch this shit but I randomly watch a lot of females like that shit too. Like the pimple pop shit. Yeah as shit. But you ever seen when a nigga don't get they dreads washer like a it stuck man. I be like man that is the worst. It's no you be watching the untangle videos. I don't like I watch the niggas cut 'em, they put 'em in the sink. Yeah outside vinegar. I'm like bro ain nigga this is on top of your head nigga you stink. Yeah. I'm like how y'all get some holes you funky ass nigga like it's no way y'all fucking something bro.


They probably wrapped that shit up in that Erica Badu but ba bro but nigga you can smell that though bro. Like when I scratch my head that I ain't wash my hair like a week and I hoop to something, I be like damn like nigga you ain't did that shit in a year for like a month. That's crazy. I'm cool. Don't have hair like that. A motherfucker marinating your hair in the sink bro. To reattach it is out of pocket. Yeah bro, that shit you gotta clean that shit though with that vinegar bro. That bus. Nah that's like back in the day when you used to go that shorty used to iron that hair out and you would smell that motherfucker a mile away bro. I still smelling at my house nigga. Like I I, I don't know why I watch that show. I be watching like it be like pimple pop into the dress shit then it be like bad feet y ever seen like people feet that like old people they don't like mess with they feet.


Oh y'all take care of your waffle And then they take 'em out and they shit the toenails be like horns and shit. Damn. Nah bro I can't like that shit right there. My shit crazy like yeah bro doing why do you have mold in your hair bro? Like what we doing? I'm, I be trying to figure it out though. Like how do your hair get like that or how your toe get like that? Like you just don't look at your toe that long. Yeah bro. Like you guys too athletes got the worst feet though. That's crazy. Nah, hell nah because nigga they do too much with your foot. They your toes be ugly but your feet like I'm talking about people be having shit in between they toes when they take they sock off people. You just living crazy. They just living crazy. You know what's crazy though, like to that point when you get older you realize people, certain people don't really take care of themselves especially when it comes to like feet and then also like their teeth like when you get older.


But like I be watching that too when you having a plaque. I don't know why I be watching that shit. Yo. A plaque, they be having a plaque and they got go in there and chop that bitch up. We got veneers and shit. Now you can get a whole new nah. Well that's the problem veneers bro. They're taking out teeth that they could just actually clean for fake ones. Nigga brush your teeth and go to the dentist. True. But some people's teeth is just like fuck no no for sure. You know like when people got veneers they breath smell funny. They ever talk to a motherfucker with veneers. Veneers and permanent golds when people don't understand it's natural as possible a different type of cleaning when you have permanence. That shit, that veneer shit be smelling funny. Be like yeah nigga they chits in your mouth nigga you can't just brush them, you have to take other properties.


There's a tooth under that motherfucker and it's dead. People probably dead and rock. Yeah that's the whole point before you even started. I wonder how they go about picking teeth teeth though. I'll just getting dentures nigga like you see how they pick them? Yeah. How you pick your mouth bro? Just like, because you never know till it's sitting here bro that's, I would probably get some big ones to get 'em shaved down bro. Well that that'd be the problem. I don't think it'll work like that. It don't And that's why niggas be stuck looking like that. Y'all telling me a motherfucker can't shave down some veneers if they too big bro. Yeah nigga you gonna look at Buddy Hill, you have to go by the sizings but buddy can close his mouth. Hey when they tell my nigga buddy they said a hundred apple, orange buddy hill. I say hey don't disrespect my nigga like that no more bro.


Some dishes is crazy. I would, I would get dentures though. Yeah I mean that'll probably be a time, I'm just saying from like the smell aspect like yeah dentures. I dunno. But fuck. Take care of yourself please people man it's very important short you with some dentures. I would probably recommend my girl to get some dentures. Well because that goes she nah. Yeah so she can pull the bitches out. What surprised me tonight? Put let me hold the motherfuckers while you get he shaking. The motherfuckers like dice nigga some head with some motherfucking gumps you have like this is funny. Come on. Goddamn.


Well speaking of some, Pauls speaking of some old, some old, some old songs. I said oh yeah. I said be hit DM the day Pauls the old. So Hugh Hefner bro and his girls, one of the girls that was a original member of, I don't know she was Oh Kendrick. Yeah. Yeah. She said that they all used to have to hit Hugh Hefner. Well he used to get to hit them. Yep. For one minute at a time. Yep. Oog got to hit all what he got eight girls in the house. 10. That is crazy. And they kept asking him like so who the fuck is last? Yeah, who, who is he finishing in? He is nuts.


He was a filthy nigga bro. He probably should have been locked up. Yeah bro. Like you hit. They said they all got one minute. She said she used to be looking at the timer. She was counting down five. I'm outta there a shock violation while you hitting this crazy that sick. My question was like he could do that but why R Kelly? No, I'm saying like no not what, not the young kids. I'm saying he went to jail for sex trafficking. Right. That's I don't know why r Kelly's in jail. I'm saying but like did he is sex trafficking. Right. But it was saying like older women it ain't safe. He was a pedophile. Right. Hugh's point to your point, what you're trying to make here is Hugh should have definitely been investigated because the shit that he was doing was out of pocket because they said you could the legal ramification around us protecting him but also if he wasn't mi, if he wasn't white, if he was a minority he would've had some issues.


Because you saying they saying it is a, it is a, it's against the law to pay people for sex. Yes. Literally he was paying them to live with him so he could fuck for women. He was paying paid models that decided that we wanted. Yeah, yeah. They got around some legal clearances and stuff. I'm not saying it's still all nasty. You don't think the people that Diddy was fucking with didn't wanna be with him? I believe, I'm sure they probably may have wanted to and did or I'm saying from Hugh Hefner's perspective, he wasn't paying them to have sex with him. He was paying the Playboy models to be his girlfriend to live in the match in the magazines. Yes. No, no, no. He was paying him to be his girlfriend. That's what she said. Didn't she?


She said that. She said that. She said we would his girlfriend and I'm saying from the legal what they saw, what they saw side you for this. It's like content creators are staying in the same house now getting paid to stay in this house if they all decide to go fuck on whoever. Yeah. So now it's all nasty. Let's be very clear about it. It's all discuss. But it was that's that's a, that's a good good gl. That was his cheat code though. That was, that was a good glitch. That was his cheat code. It's still nasty as shit. So niggas just didn't have they paperwork. Right, right. That's all. That's unfortunately yes as it is. Get your business straight. I mean no just don't do it. But no, I'm saying though like I'm saying they literally, they was saying like if you fly people from state to state, you could get in trouble for that. Right because it was specifically for sex.


Yeah, they were models. All of them was in the So I mean if you fly girl out and you just hanging out with her bro, you cracking on the second day, you good. So no, if you fly girl out you gotta put 'em on Instagram because y'all making content together. I don't know shit. Yeah because I'm saying how do you, how do we just say that? How you get by it? Yeah. Like what the fuck, just stay at home guys. It's a lot safer that way. Get married y'all easy. And I'm just saying but if realize if you like meet the girl, let's say if you real life meet a girl, let's say you was in Atlanta and you meet a girl in Atlanta and y'all start talking and you like, hey you should come see me in Miami. Yeah. And you fly her to Miami and y'all have fun, you do your thing and then five years from now y'all getting in a argument or whatever.


Y'all don't fuck with each other no more. And now she tried to throw you under the bus like or she be like, yeah I used to, I don't even know how what Diddy going through. But there has to be something. I don't know what the definition of sex trafficking is to be able to argue the point. Yeah. A or B. But because I'm saying them kids, them ladies is from different states. Yeah, you have a very broad point. Yeah. So I'm just wondering. Yeah. All it. So I don't care. That's why I'm talking about it. Yeah, you have whatever too. I'm just saying Michael Rubin, we wanna, that's a hell of a light. Yeah. If we ever get invited, I'm, I'm going respect. I for sure got my outfit ready already. What you gonna wear a Dickie outfit? No, just linen. Just linen kg mins mar? Yeah just linen bro.


Just going in there having a good time. What kind of feast though? Probably some brown sandals. Mm. Yeah. Ooh you have your, you gonna have your toes out? Yeah. Not no thong joints. Oh. Just you gonna have barbecue joints? Yeah you, you mid at the white party. I'm thg bro. You mid bro. I kick you out bro. Yeah, the brown lemon pepper step. They gonna be, hey you coulda grabbed some forces. Like what? What boy on Nah, I jones too. So pj, pj, PJ gonna have to get us back in and shit. Shout to pj. PJ you got some shoes in the car. Hey putting up no 15.


Hey shout to pj. Somebody end there talking. He was like hey PJ get a ring with the Knicks. Respect it. I was like yes. Yeah he get a ring like me basically. Yeah we got the same ring. Very important. For sure. Hey, it's funny y'all caught our bone collector last episode man. Shout to him. And I know we always talk about basketball but like we was in the gold narrow like N one Now I also thought about entertainers classic people don't talk about that that much bro. But they mix tapes and they DVDs used to slap heavy too. Yeah. E-B-C-E-B-C was that shit the re party where everybody got their name, that shit was better than N one. Mm. Yeah that's where a real basketball player was at. Yeah that shit was better than N one play the EBC nigga. Yeah I used to watch that shit every day. Terror Squad and Steve Francis was nasty out there.


Facts. Facts bro. Who else was out there that was just Jamal Crawford? Steph? Yeah. That's where all the real basketball players were. Yeah nigga then they had, You know Ali Mob out there but then he got who the nigga that gave Vince 50 whole lot of game or something like that game. I can't remember his name. He was cold. Yeah. Now bone collector. EBC Mix tapes. Legendary bro. Yeah bro. I think people, I mean we grew up, that was a golden era for us because we got that at the end one but I was like people forget how fired them tapes were. Nah them was fired. They was really hooping One was more of a, I ain't gonna say it's not Globetrotter or nothing but I'm saying that was more of a show show. Yeah. If you wanna see a nigga from New York that really Kahoot 'cause they was like bringing they niggas that could really hoop versus the NBA niggas and one was just them niggas against each other.


And then when they started doing the tours they played people from the cities but our EBC was real, real hoop. I think that's why New York niggas think they ball is better than us though. Yeah because we don't have no shit. We don't got no memories like that bro. We don't play outside like that. I mean we had the dust bowl and shit but like we ain't record that was Hood on Hood class. Yeah but if you recorded that shit you would've been like all right Indiana hooping 'cause there was some niggas out there really hoop. Oh for sure bro. Them teams used to be nice but I'm like damn y'all niggas had Ray for Austin going up against the best point guard in the NBA Kobe pulling up. We didn't have. Yeah that's right. We didn't have no land getting out there killing him. Him yeah he was a kid and shit. Nah that's different. Yeah. Even if you fast forward you look at Kaden dropping six at the Rucker, like that type of shit like yeah bro that's Hey you went out there to get a name?


Yeah, like NBA niggas was already solidified in the league and they went out there to get they name Baron Davis just the kill out there. Most definitely. And like you said, who was, who was Baron speaking about them? Oh talking shit. Who y'all taking for real N Prom BD or Steve Francis. I'm taking Baron Davis. I'm taking Barron Davis too but Steve franchise was cold. He was cold but I'm taking bd. I'm taking BD too but damn bro. Steve Francis was like you ain't going wrong. Choose either one. I was thinking about that when they talk was talking shit to each other. Yeah. I'm like I don't think niggas really know How good if you under 30 you might not know how good Steve Francis was.


Steve franchise bro. Journey to the NBA alone is crazy. Yeah that nigga was transferring every year from school till he got to Maryland. Till he got to college. Went crazy and got to the league. Nah. Yeah that's my fault. I just, Steve Francis was cold but Baron Davis bro. Yeah bro. He just did it longer I feel like. Like he he played longer. Yeah he was at a high level longer I should say. Who was more explosive? Ooh if you gonna athlete wiser, I no disrespect to bd. I gotta go franchise. I'm gonna go with BD though. Ooh that's, that's a hell of a, it's it's close. I'm gonna go with BD 'cause that nigga tore his ACL and still came back crazy.


Oh man. Steve was punching on niggas bro. That was his ticket to the league though. Like be Naven still had everything else too. Even when he slowed down. But if you really go watch bd, he was so athletic bro. Like he punched he, when he was in Charlotte that BD was crazy man. He was punching on and he wasn't little either. Nah, BD was motherfucking tank. He punched on the ticket. Jermaine ONI mean Steve, Francis punched on niggas too bro. Steve Francis mix tape is crazy. Well he did Detroit Huss so disrespectful. Oh he one of the worst so disrespectful bro. And I was even thinking going down to their handle like I'm like damn, I don't even know who had a better handle 'cause ooh me, they put niggas in the mix. I mean it's a, it's a great battle.


Yeah I just heard them going. I mean they boys and shit, they was just talking shit. But I'm like damn that that's a wonderful, that's a lot closer Eric. That's one. Everybody kind of be like, I dunno that's a great battle. Yeah but I'm probably pick BD though to lead my team. Oh yeah. If you going off off that then probably go bd. But I would like to ask Catino Mobley that. 'cause I know he's super close with Steve, but like who was better? Oh yeah, he'll know for sure. Yeah. Well not well he have a better analysis than us on that shit. Yeah I just went that, I just wanted throw that out there. Shit. Look at that old Rocket team. Him y'all They was, they was nice bro. He was a big part of that.


Well yeah, really like that. Oh yeah. I was like that most definitely. Yeah I was thinking about that. I'm like yeah was cold y cold don't get hurt. Yeah y'all yeah I was like that. He just got hurt. Yeah. Not even from our discretion. 'cause obviously I wasn't really watching y'all that heavy but from all the players around who played against him give him that much respect. I gotta respected off the strength. Yeah. I was like I, nah, I mean of course. Duh. He made the Allstar team. I was just like damn was y'all just like right there with Shaq? That's what I'm saying. Well y'all was gonna make the team regardless. Yeah, this country fucked with him bro. Them votes was crazy. I forgot they they did down bro. That nigga was so tall bro. The first time I seen him bro, we played him bro. That nigga was so tall. I came to like his hip bro.


Damn. Yeah. I'm like man what the fuck? And then his legs pulse bro. You know you be like I got big legs. That nigga legs was like, th like three of mine bro. Like that nigga shit like a tree trunk pulse like bro. I'm like man what the fuck? That's why he probably weighed 300 pounds bro. Shit was crazy because he could shoot like a motherfucker. Yeah he was like slim up here. But that nigga legs was massive bro. You know it's crazy if y'all would've played in today's NB, he already had the knife, sub strap. He would've had a burner. Yeah, he'd ever had a three in today's NBI swear to God. Injuries probably killed. Yeah for sure. Yeah but I was just like damn I wasn't trying, I was like who was up there with Shaq? I was trying to think niggas that was close to Shaq.


He was like think about a Weby like ya Height, I think Weby shorter than ya. Yeah. Wow. Yeah was seven, six Right. Yep. That shit crazy. Was she Weby? 3 7 4. Oh Even if you look at pictures of Shaq in ya, it's crazy. And Shaq is crazy. Yeah, seven, six is crazy bro. Niggas is lifting that arms up and smacking top of the glass bro. You know how you, I was a rookie, You know you excited to see everybody. I walked down the aisle and it fucked me up 'cause a nigga talk, it's, You know it's broken English but you like what's up baby? I'm like what? What nigga I just knew you were about to say what's up. You about to be Ching child, whatever it was my fault. Whatever they say ne how we go Chopstick.


That nigga said respect. He said what's up. I was like what the fuck did he kill y'all? He ain't even play. Oh he was like hurt. Fuck I went to ask you bro. Look at that picture bro. If you ever see him. Huh? Look how much bigger he is in Shaq. Yeah, that's crazy bro. When you make Shaq look like little homie, bro. That's that's shit's crazy. Yeah, Luis Rosa Rawsome. Yeah clips for some ya highlights. Yeah because I was like damn when we was talking about the bigs talking about with Shaq but I'm like damn ain't wasn't nobody really close. I mean Saboni gave him a couple fits but nigga was really a man of his own bro. Ah, Shaq is a different Yeah bro. He had a different breed because I was just saying like you gotta think how good like David Robinson and them was bro.


They was wrong. He was still his own realm bro. Yeah, Dave Robinson don't get a lot of respect. Well no I'm saying Dave Robinson get a respect he deserves bro. David Robinson was cold. A lot of people may not know it. Yeah, I know for sure Tim Super. Yeah bro he dropped 70 in the game bro. That's crazy. He you fucking dropped 70 Nick, you Cole. He did. He did. They Robinson's quality big. That nigga had bounce. Yeah, but also Shaq came in killing it at the end. We're not gonna say the end but You know some, some of those bigs it was on the decline. You look at like Patrick Ung and like Lonzo Moore, they was, You know what I'm saying? Downgrading the time period. Shaq was to be a Shaq. He was just changing de guards for real. Oh. Even the king was still nice but King was that nigga. I just don't think we ever seen no bigs like that again.


I mean the game has changing but, but yo is is in the, it ain't a big man league right now. I mean you got wi they gonna be u the bigs gonna be so unique now that you'll never see a Shaq in them. It's gonna always be like a like aby, like nmb because people are just getting taller. Like everybody's just getting even taller. Like the point guards are 6, 5, 6, 6, 6 7 and they move way different than the point guards. That was 6, 7, 6 8. Like Magic Johnson couldn't really move. Yeah. Now you got Lalo who's six seven and he out there crossing looking like he's six foot. So you think magic would probably be too slow?


Hell yeah. I ain't gonna say he wouldn't make the league or be fired but he'll be like he'd be Draymond, he would be the perfect Draymond. Yeah. Like You know what I mean? He'll be able, he'd be a secondary ball handler, make plays pass obviously he'd probably be a better passer and all that shit. Yeah but I'm so I ain't disrespecting magic and saying but I'm saying his skillset. Yeah. Don't get weird y'all. Yeah he's a goat. We always respect magic. His skillset is Draymond like I hired Draymond. Got you. Because he ain't shoot the three like that. He posted up, he ran the break, he definitely didn't shoot. Nah he ran the break made good pass and that shit Draymond do just on a different level, obviously a different level. The IQ that Magic has, he could play any type of basketball the way he was running them breaks, bro.


Them, them dimes is crazy bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's definitely a different level. I mean, nigga started at center in one game, had 40 something. Oh nah. Final bro. We ain't comparing them at all. Nah. But just similar style games. So step in the NBA right now though. Just putting his game, how he played without no advancements. Obviously if he got born now he'd be what? Probably way more athletic. Probably played different, probably learned how to shoot and shit. But is it over for the big man? Nah. Nah. Life style. Nah. I mean you MB, you just got MVP, you got yo, you got MVP. I mean like you said, to Tee's point, it's gonna be slimmer but it's gonna always be a position. It's gonna always be, need to be filled for sure. Yeah, for sure. Because I'm, I just don't know how trainers and shit is teaching, teaching big kids how to hoop.


Now I don't know if niggas are still in the post doing post drills if that's their time or is that a good thing to have? You know what I'm saying? Well if you watch the NCAA tournament, the bigs really want it for Florida. Yeah.


So we all made mistakes, right? But on the up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans de grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool Chris and Fresh, it's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself


Made for this Mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is That. Listen to Made for This Mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star studded a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne. For Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug Vans. Benny the butcher, Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Kote Marine, Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz Cara Moosh. What we're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to him. It Makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcast.


I am Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


They was catching, turning, scoring in the post. They was trapping them ball screens. Bigs was making plays. You got always gonna need that. Well you look at Kat, even like gold bear when he beat the Lakers. That was crazy. Come on bro. 27 24 for somebody that everybody feels could do a lot more with his basketball skills. Yeah when you need him most he dominated. Yeah, but I don't wanna rely on Go Bird. I give y'all a ka, I give y'all Kat shit. Look Isaiah Hartstein, I mean I'm the Knicks is doing well this year, but it's a severe difference in the way that the Knicks dominated offensive boards than they did last year. Or even look like Mitchell Robinson now he is one of the top offensive rebounders in the league. Yeah, just you need that.


Like if you really had a dominating big, like alright, if we had Shaq against this Boston Celtics team, Shaq could average 50. There's nothing they could do. There would be nothing they could do bro. He could set a screen that wanna switch. He gonna roll dunk. Yeah. Shaq could kill JB and there dunk. No what? What about, what about e Lot Shawan though? Same thing. They could post for real like they had elite feats. They was real life strong. Like so if NB was healthy and on the Knicks they would beat the shit out of Boston. Mm Nah I ain't say that 'cause MB don't do it. Shaq and them like Shaq and them real life went to the Post every single time.


Yeah. Like you two little gimme the ball like and Beat is drawing fouls. Yeah. Alright. Put put Joker on the Knicks. Oh it's are they beating balls? Joker the Joker? Yeah they be nasty. What? But Joker, they're beat everybody. Yeah but Joker he not as dominant as Shaq though. Like when I'm telling y'all bro, when we used to watch, when you go watch Shaq bro, they used to real life throw the ball. Oh no I know. I'm just saying like I used to just back boom boom dunk, boom boom dunk. Like you had to have five or six niggas to guard him like sinners like you going get 2000 the first two minutes. We already know you be ready. Like that's how Dwight Howard was bro. Like people don't like to get Dwight his credit bro. That's how Dwight Howard was.


Nigga we had five sinners for Dwight Howard bro. And he still, it got so bad they was beating my first year. They beat us by like 40 every day to the point they was like next year we gonna let Dwight just get 50. And that nigga real like got 50. Like I was like this nigga is cold bro. He was just oh dunk. Nothing you could do bro. It was nothing bro. So that's what I'm saying. I wonder if it's another big that's gonna come to the league and change the game. Like Dwight, You know what fucked Dwight up. He wanted to be different from Shaq instead of just sticking to like if he would've just stuck to like I'm about to be stronger than everybody. Be dominant, run you niggas over and just keep dunking on niggas he would've killed.


That's what he was doing. He was killing. He was like the best player in the league di near MVP. But every time everybody like you ain't Shaq, you gonna be acting like niggas start trying to shoot jumpers. Yeah that's nice. Doing face up moves, trying to do Eli and shit. When he started doing that, niggas could guard him. We like Al you got him at First Owl. We couldn't even play Al on him. We we'd be like Al you gonna play the four, you gonna come help When he start doing that like Al you got him. What's crazy is Al still hooping? You know my man just switched off on Jalen Brunton today. That's crazy. Yeah, shout out to Al but also I think Dwight's demeanor was used against him as well. Yeah, like he said Dwight cool. He be chilling. There's times he should have pressed that organization because it should have never been a point where they chose between him ands Van Gundy.


Shout out to the magic. Dwight should have been a magic fly if he wanted to be. Yeah. Yeah. I know things, injuries happen but taking that team to the finals was crazy. There's no way that Playing the same way bro. Instead of doing, starting to try to face up and shoot jump. I know your game gotta grow but bro he was so dominant bro. Can you go up and look and see what 2009, what his stats was against us. He probably even played the fourth quarter. Damn. Nah they wasn't playing. I was playing the fourth quarter, like the whole fourth quarter. Every game they swept us. Damn. Shit. They had a whip too. That was him. He do Turo Lewis oh nine, yeah. Oh nine playoffs he average. Oh the playoffs against Atlanta Hawks.


Ooh you asking for a lot now gimme a second. I mean it was the first round of playoffs. They sw was so bad. I'm talking my brother was so bad. Who was the point guard on that team? J Jamer Nelson. Yeah but that had, Courtney was on that team, right? CD was on there. He was traded that year. He got traded oh nine. Yeah, 20 points, three blocks. That's all he averaged to play out. It's no way bro. 20.3 he must have played enough. Yeah. And oh 8 0 9 or oh nine. Oh 10 or oh nine 10. He played us back to back years. The first year they beat us by 30. So he probably didn't average that much the second year. The second year he had less. Yeah. 18 2010 though. He had 27. Yeah that must have been That's the year.


Yeah. 2010 he had 27. Oh I got drafted. Yeah that's the year I got drafted oh nine because Courtney wasn't there then. Yeah. Oh nine 10. So yeah 10, 10, 11. He had 27 because Courtney got trained for Vince. Right. 27 and 15. Yeah, he was murdering us bro. Wow. Dwight dominated the league 27 and 15. Yep. It was so light for him bro. That's crazy. Who was a nigga that's not known? Well I ain't gonna say not known but that wasn't popular league that you seen kill during that time period. Yeah. Ooh, like John Salmon. John Salmon used to get us, he used to kill us. Every John Salmon had to bro. He used to 25 Sam er for real. He used to get 25 on a Who used to go ahead Marvin or Joe.


It didn't matter. Oh Christmas. That nigga used to do that. Fuck it. I used to be like why is this nigga kill? Is he cold? Josh Elvis had G. He did have used to but Minty was elite too. He used to always do that hang dribble to the pull up. I'm like is he cold? I fucked with him on the Bulls heavy. I fucked with John Salmons. Alright. The books. He was getting busy So Joe that was on you? Yeah. I'm like is this nigga good? Like what the fuck? Damn. I wasn't expect you to say John salmons. Yep. Man you gave me PTSD talking about the big sue guard Shaq. I remember as a kid watching that finals against the Lakers knowing that we weren't gonna beat them but it was just like bro we threw Rick Smith at him. Nothing bro. Bro, there was nothing we could do bro.


He had the kimba Tbo guard him like this. I seen him elbowing then in the chest. That was some of my inspiration though. And we tell we we look at the Ken back Blue Temple RPR, we look at him as like one of the elite defenders of all. And Shaq had him hitting that nigga all in his sternum bro. Him Matt, Geiger get out the way. Nigga had good looking filthy bro. Damn because he, when they played the motherfucking Yeah when they played the Sixers I think Theor was on that team caught that nigga with a crazy ball. Nah, Matt Geiger. Yeah he Geiger bro. Ge there it is. Matt Geiger was the person you played with on 2K did because your other big was tired. Yeah he had to do the subs. Shout to Ain 2K nigga looked like stone cold on me.


Aren McKee was cold on 2K. I swear to God I respect the 6 million a year bro. They had a squad but like fuck that. Shaq is too crazy. Yeah bro, that's crazy. One of the best ever do it. Speaking of hooping, y'all see my dog Cat Williams? Hey he got the quickest jump shot bro. That shit is fast as hell. I don't know how that shit was getting off. He used shot that shit bitch with two hands. I need to see that in real life. That shit was so fast. I gotta see that in real life because oh oh boy he play a lot. Who? Lethal shooter? Yeah he play a lot. It's not content. Remember? Yeah, be careful. That's cool bro. He did say one content and then he shot a basketball flaming off. Nevermind the video. Can we Hey the pull up is crazy yo.


That nigga shoes so fast And he locked in though. Look how quick he went to the line. Oh, oh, oh hey he might be fast as fucker. Real life bro. 40 time now. Race end into this. They raced. They raced like oh you the end. Nah, I ain't see race. I won't respect this 40 times. I know it's ka that he said it but I'm gonna respect it anyway. Nah, I fuck with Kat. That nigga don't bend his knees or nothing. Why don't you take off? Oh yeah he about to Mr. Free throw he fast bro.


Bro he a badass kid. He faster than a motherfucker bro. Yeah he fast bro. He fast. That's kind of tight though. Will let the shooter get to shoot with all these people though. Nah. Yeah I That's cool man. A part of what he do. Yeah it is up to everybody to say they cool now to lock in it. It's, it is dope to see random people have like random basketball talents. Yeah but the crazy thing is bro, all the, it's a reverse. Everybody that hoop, not everybody they wanted to rap. Yeah. And everybody that's in entertainment want to hoop bro. Yep. Like niggas don't want play football. I no disrespect football players but you don't ever see no comedian going to work on the football field to run routes. Nigga niggas is always trying to, niggas ain't playing smear queer at the back of the process.


That might be a, that might be a thing they ain't tapped into man. Somebody might need to tap into that. You might just get somebody a blueprint. Damn tell somebody Zaire work on your, let's work on your routes. Nah. Yeah 'cause basketball's just so much easier to just pick up a ball and I mean niggas play flag football but I'm talking about niggas need to play smear queer bro. But you want people to just run through the middle. What? I know it's a real thing but yeah bro, You know love you even. Yeah even before these people like were gay. They knew what that game was bro. So that was always like, that was just a game in the hood. Y'all I'm sure every city that You know there's no disrespect, love who you love but queer been around nigga since I was three so I didn't, I mean to smear you now is crazy.


Yeah when you were three in like 1991. I lot I'm saying though, listen he said 91. I was, he was good man Michael hope for tell about age. But I'm saying though that game no offense to nobody but yeah I love see niggas do that. Especially when niggas is beefing. Nah I mean I'm saying like just have people around routes though. Like see if you can catch like if I was like can Zaire is not a BB at all. He wants you to line up with now he wants you to catch the ball. Yeah. So see if you can hold on to it. Oh my mama, I can catch the pass on Zaire. I ain't just flag though. No see he said that he won't let you catch the ball but he wants to see if you gonna hold on the ball afterwards.


He on some OC shit. He tried to tackle me like nigga you tackle for a living nigga you lead the league in tackles. Yeah Whoopy dude like nigga I don't wanna get tackled bro. Like but you can't guard me though. Be crazy if he I'll be shitty bro. You don't want me on shitty bro. Like you too damn strong for the funny thing about it's the reason why people cool with you jump shots 'cause it don't take physical contact. That's true. You play pickup football, somebody gonna get hurt gonna work. But I was just saying like imagine if Cam Newton did that with some people like hey we gonna get you around some routes bro. That'd be far. Yeah like, You know what I mean? I'm gonna pass to you on some routes and you get your favorite actor running routes and shit.


Just seeing if they had some skill. You know niggas gonna look goofy as hell looking. We gonna do a, we gonna go up 10. Nah you gonna do in and out go Right you see Big X to plug off the line. Yeah like niggas like him like you said you used play football or like get EST back out there like man do some route crazy. The problem is constantly gonna go to the next level. They gonna say Oklahoma drills and then they to start signing waivers. Yeah. Oh is that where you lay down and get up? Yeah that's when niggas all Oh that's hard. That's think there is a league actually really? That'd be hard. The Oklahoma drill is fired. The Oklahoma drill has hell consistently doing Oklahoma drill. You said interests? I I'm thinking a nigga that was hit album versus Terry Crows.


Terry he's playing football though. Real beef. Yeah. He'll probably kill a nigga. Yeah that nigga's strongest as shit. Yeah he he made it to the league is crazy. He probably gonna pull up on me one day too but he always talk about me beating my meat and shit. That's a wild thing to say. When you see he got so many other people to pull up. I can see you. You one the last thing you older. He's the older nigga. He's the older nigga that grabbed me nigga. Right. He gotta get get back for that. Yeah he got dope. Him on his biscuit homie me bro. Nigga grab me bro. I swear to God I'm fired. I'm fired on that. Y'all gonna see a lawsuit. Jeff Teague just broke the fuck out somebody face. Don't let me get Bill like J Crew. This is over dude. Nigga can he shake my hand? I'm snatching niggas up nigga grabbing you, nigga grabbing your manhood.


Crazy bro. That is crazy. But I also laugh 'cause he look at wwe. See people like Brock Lessner bro you should not be wrestling. No my on me bro. Like, like that fast nigga that I was talking about with some bad bro breaking break bro. Bro you need bro, I imagine running to one of them niggas in the club and you just, You know you might be off the little drink a little bit and you like man shut your bitch ass up and that nigga get the movie fast in your ass. What the fuck? I'm getting on my knees and praying bro. I'm getting one of these bro. I'm sorry bro. The way he was moving in that RI was nervous. I said alright y'all is his acting what? Because he about to kill this nigga. You see how he tackle icho speed bro though bro I well those, his name is Brian Breaker, breaker bro.


Breaker, breaker and up in the world to make me run a breaker or like Jacob Phi too like running the hill bro. He did a summersault off one turn buckle and then did another one off the other one bro. Like 'cause you think they probably like chubby or something you like man this nigga can't move, You know what I mean? You talking and that nigga get to moving and catch your like Brock listener. That nigga moved like he moved like Brian Breaker bro. Bro Brock listener was really slamming the shit out people in WW when he first got there. You got bro was crazy bro. Nigga doing flips off the top bro. I remember him. I remember bro no smoke a demon nigga go what? No smoke. Yeah I ain't gonna lie. I was like I ain't scared of a lot of shit with that nigga bro. That's the real broad.


That nigga moves bro. That nigga, that nigga there is different bro. What's Paws? What's this measurements bro? Who came bro? Not pause. 6 4 2 30 87 pounds. 2 87 pounds. 6 3 6 3 2 87. Oh shits Brock Leer is six three. That nigga move like LT in that ring. Oh my mama. Hey did y'all see old boy who asked for LT number? He asked for damn what's my phil size? Phil number two He ran damn that's fast. He ran a what? A four seven. Oh yeah he moved. That's water. Yeah bro, he would kill people. You two 80 looking like that Crazy. Yeah 35 inch vertical. That nigga athletic damn nigga catch a lo he athletic shit he a 35 inch you could boom and a 10 foot standing broad jump.


Oh yeah he a athlete. Yeah bro that's a athlete. He didn't make it in football so this thing guy athlete them niggas in football is, I really don't want no smoke. Yeah he got cut from the squad. Damn. You Think you can get off the line on the football nigga though? Get off the line? Yeah like if a linebacker lined up with you like to run around. Nah hell nah. I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna disrespect them niggas too fucking strong. Not in pads. Hell nah, nah no You know you still get jammed without the pads just yeah I can. Nah you just hands up. I can get, I can catch a pass on him like you getting around the nigga. Yeah. Yeah. His feet ain't like that. Mm he got feets but they ain't like that now we in cleats and shit.


They do that shit every day. I just ran. You got your best Tim tune on but I'm saying I got my sneakers on. He got I'm I'm gonna Ketchup pass t-shirt but we got all that shit on. It's no chance bro. He gonna be boom. Oh yeah. All that shit on for sure. I'm gonna fly bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You gonna drag me on the line just straight up just You know. Yeah you getting off that line. Yes bro. Yes. Content on the way baby. Yes, I'm getting off be a training camp. You a strong ass nigga though. I I mean that shit different 'cause I feel like he'll lock in. He see that shit every day bro. But I I know but I your movement is different. I could get a pass on him with no pads if we got pads I would never, I would never catch a pass because you, you they too physical but you like way faster than him.


Yeah but it's just that beginning part of getting up off that line. I could get off the line man, but we got pads. I can't because he too physical. Yeah, nah a hundred percent. But he can't beat that physical with me when we got no yes he can bro he can't. You could do this. Yeah that shit's gonna be different. I'm saying when he got passed he could do this and then when I'm about to catch he gonna get so physical like to the point where I'm like man nigga like yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah but with just your hands nigga I'm cool. He not worried about getting a flag in situation. Yeah I worried. What about a nigga that played DB every day because desire or a linebacker? Yeah see a nigga play DI probably 'cause they faster than me. Yeah, you don't want no smoke Now a linebackers is green. Green linebacker green. I saw, I saw Aire after I seen him run to Derrick Henry.


I said oh you running, you see I don't want a nigga you searching for that? Yeah, no Jeff ain't trying to crash up. Nah but like dbs I never disrespected db. No girl said Asante. I tried to score on Mark and Lil Mark was like, I'm right there. Here I'm right there. Like I was stronger than him. Right, right there. So I was like, but he was right there like yeah he different. Yeah I'm right. There's a little mark Zachary because he played that every day. So yeah, I'm right there though. He gonna catch you about three years like hey let's do it again. Oh yeah like when he get to college I have no chance he gonna be strongest as me faster than me already. That is crazy. What did you say your 40 was? Four what? Four or five. Okay. I say Shiloh said I Shiloh ran a 4 5 9.


I cooked Shiloh shout out to Shiloh Buck team. I Shiloh Jeff. Nah I'm saying I seen him guard ab he was, he was like ab I I didn't like how they did put out the whole, I was quiet about the whole clip. He was locking a BO. So that first clip when they saw AB getting up the better him. I was like nah Shiloh was locking that shit up. Yeah Like he was locking up too. I couldn't score on, I want SLO to because I, no bro if you, I couldn't score on Shiloh. No I'm not saying you could but I'm saying if you, you got the frame to be a receiver like I could if I played football like growing up every day you never been like Brandon Marshall. I could have been a cold receiver. Yeah. If I played every day.


Yeah but that just wasn't my sport because like Mo could've been fired on the football field. Oh yeah. I could de boo playing football. Yeah Mo probably ran a 4, 3 40. That shit is crazy. Luke was fast as hell. Hey man, I know we be talking about wrestling a lot but the Royal Rumble from the Rebell for Life. Shout out Toledo. Shout to Trip tape going crazy. Come on bro. That might be one of my favorite songs nigga Rap on every intro song that shit gets gets me hype every time I hear it still man. Shout out to the guys man. Yeah know y'all got best. Our full support definitely the best. Yeah that shit's so fire man. Yeah I was hype about that. That shit was hard. Shout out to Lee though. He sent it to me early. Nah that shit sound good though.


That's one of the Yeah I can, I know y'all too. Especially I Mike how you feel about the tape? I know you super locked it. I've listened to it maybe seven times. Yeah. Damn. I'm only about three. Yeah. Seven is why it just came out. I worked out to it. I listened to it. Yeah I, man I woke up and listened to it when it first dropped. Yeah I fuck with it. I would ask y'all who would be snapping the most but I don't want put'em against each other. Mm. Yeah I ain't gonna do that because they, they they family now. I ain't gonna lie. Alito Alito, he was on that shit this time I'm, I said it in front of both of 'em. Don Trip is my favorite rapper. Yeah. Yeah they both went crazy. Yeah they both went crazy Right. They they because this one I'm like y'all niggas this they both, I ain't gonna lie saying this, I'm going Lito put the redacted in there.


Shout out to my niggas so I'm biased. I made the mix tape baby. I ain't gonna lie. Snap Right Ain't lie. And y'all know I love Tripp trip. I nigga too. I fuck with both fo. They both did they thing. Nah for sure Alito was snapping bro. Yeah that's, that's fire to see. Especially like, You know what I'm saying? We always talk about people fucking up classics for them to go back into that mode of everybody love, especially that tape but that name mean and for them to go crazy like that, that's fire as fuck bro. Yeah they longevity in that shit is insane. Gotta respect it bro. We see a lot of people who man fall off in these situations but they bounced back strong for sure man. Shout out to them. I fuck with you. I wanna ask y'all this too.


Obviously playoff still going on. I want to talk specifically about the Golden State Warriors. Okay. We not really worried about Steph coming back. They overachieved this year. Yep. Fucking regroups The next year. What do they do? Like what's going on? Do you keep running this team back next year? Because You know we only got limited years left for Steph, right? Yeah. Realistically you got Jimmy Pay. Jimmy is Jimmy a long-term play with him? You got Draymond here talking about I'm not an angry black man because crashing out on the, on the flagrant. Like what do they do to preserve the legacy or is it time to just figure out what do you do to make Steph happy last couple years? I don't just keep it together.


Rock out, finish out, finish out together. It's time to start bringing in youngins though for the rebrand but I think they tried that and it failed. Yeah but as you shit it's the league gonna go on bro. These niggas, all of 'em only got a few more years left. Dang bro. And this shit. So I think drafting James Wiseman set them back. Yep. They could have drafted Anthony El Edwards Lalo and they was in good hands. They drafted James Wiseman, he set 'em back a little bit because they already had their year. They down years right. Yep. That was they down year. Steph was hurt. Everybody was hurt. Whatever they got that number two draft pick.


But yeah, nah they, I mean they couldn't got ain win one though. They coulda did anything he said made a possibly even trade number didn it. They could trade. Oh. Oh yeah. Yeah. Saying your down years was one, two, you coulda got Lalo. Whoever else was in that draft. I No I got you. I got you. But like you, you got, you got James Wiseman who had potential but y'all gave up on him so like truly Trump did. You know what I mean? Like they ain't even really give him a chance. Yeah And that kind of set them back now. Now they at a stage. I mean even though they won a chip after that, You know what I mean? But then losing, they lost all they young nice niggas Jordan pool situation when Jordan pool happened. So you really can't find it 'cause they never gonna be in a position to get draft picks.


I think that's where it fucked up though too. I mean you right about James but Jordan when Jordan left and then the way that they handled the, You know what I'm saying, the process with Moody and Mingus sucks because they were still trying to cater to vets. Yeah. They were still trying to cater to Clay. They're still trying to cater to Draymond. So men has gotta skew, You know Steve Kerr a little bit different with the coaching shit. Yeah. That set them back. That young talent never really got to develop or they shipped him away. Yeah. And like Minga now he done Yeah he's, I'm sure he don't wanna come back to Golden State and Moody. I don't want to Moody he's a, he's a complimentary player but he is not really moving a needle for anybody. And then you got bp, he's a quality player but no offense, I don't think he's like you not him starter.


You not putting your franchise future in his shoulders or his Yeah. You know what I mean? No disrespect. BP can hoop for sure he can hoop but like Steph out Jordan Pool would step in and was like we ain't saying he was Steph but you be like damn Jordan Pool going crazy fucking hoop. He can get a bucket. Yeah 20 a piece pool will get you 21 whatever. It's yeah I don't see that with Brandon. Like he might get you 15, 16. Right. He just so I don't know. He just a co he a good player quality player but I just don't, I don't see it. Now you trying to figure out how they gonna bring in their next realm of stars. I'm thinking is you going got Steph for so many more years how you, what you gonna do to make it special and make it worthwhile And ain't nobody can get they tried, they tried to get everybody they got Jim now at this point the only thing you can do is give up draft capital or young guys.


So you gotta go get Laur marketing or something. Mm. Because I'm the only people that's available unless you want Cevi or these dude, You know what I mean? Yeah. But are you gonna pay these dudes can't you afford to too because like you said that money is, you got two max players and you got basically a third with Draymond to an extent. Yeah. I, no I don't really Could they ever move on from Draymond? Could y ever see a world where go Draymond is not gonna stay world it can't. Okay. And I don't even think it matter though because bro I ain't trying to end his career. They probably like, he, they almost done shit. Whatever happens when all of them leave, it is what it is. You can't move on from Draymond. 'cause once the moment you move on from Draymond you saying we're not competing for a championship no more.


Yep. Literally though because you not nobody going to trade for Draymond Green. You gonna get any type of value. You ain't gonna get the same value that Draymond bring to your team. That's a fact. Whatever you trade for, I don't care if you get two young promising players intangibles, energy. Yeah Steph, he not gonna have the same vibe with Steph. Them two young promising players. So it's gonna be basically over for Steph. Once Draymond leaves, that's when You know Steph about to retire. And that's a lot to ask from Steph being just like his career to readjust some young niggas. Yeah because now we really not winning. Yeah. Yeah it's over. I don't really see too much happening in Golden State.


It's just tough man. Look at it. It's a a lot of places man damn near death of a dynasty realistically look at like a being a legend killer. You know what I'm saying? Yeah Steph being now they gonna probably get them up outta here. Look LeBron, we thinking next year it might be LeBron last year more than likely for told you bro. Brian, Brian playing bro till he 45. I don't see it bro. I don't either. I think Brian too. I don't wanna see it. LeBron is too Brian for that to happen. There won't be a one where Brian, jt I don't see that. I don't think that he even gonna stand for no shit like that bro. He kind of giving hints off like he tired of playing, not tired but like I'm sick of this shit. Yeah like he's saying shit like yo, I'm passing it off to the next generation. Like just saying shit like you saying the signs are there.


Yeah they there. The last song, somebody said something about what we need they get traded LeBron five years ago is not saying that. Nah he wouldn't even about pre covid. LeBron wouldn't dare say that shit now he go make to jokes. He nothing, nothing getting traded ever. Like he ain't, I think we gotta see what Bryce gonna do man. He's red shirt next year. I don't think that LeBron James is about to wait two more years and get his son in the league. If he do then he's really the guy. I don't even think his son thinking about the NBA. Yeah I I don't think that's on the game player. Respect for Bryce obviously he gonna be solid. I don't know if that's in the, I don't think that's in the script. I think he gonna take over the family's content space. Yeah. Broy be lit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Broy be lit. Bryce off the court.


Yeah you be lit bro. Alright y'all, y'all going all right. I'll fuck with Bryce bro is going to be in there. Wait till see what his boy is going do and then he gonna be all right y'all. I'm out. I the game here. I think Bryce gonna be like a, a cool college player. He going play a little bit but I think he gonna like go into like the content space. Like he gonna be doing stuff with LeBron and run the Empire. Empire bro. Shit like doing other shit. Empire run the Empire. Yes bro. Run the Empire bro. Go to school, learn whatever you need to learn to run the empire. He gonna get to hoop too. Fuck it. If you go to the pros, fuck it. It is lit. Yeah, but I don't run the Empire like Bronny was like, yo, we get him to the league.


Yeah, Brony got to the league. Okay. I just, I don't know man. I just believe that Bryce could, You know I like Bronny better than Bryce but I'm like for LeBron what he's thinking to me. Come on man. I'm getting my dogs in the league so if he do that's hard and I don't care. I mean it, it is tight. He already did it. It's fine. I don't think 'cause he don't mention it like he mentioned it with Bronny like he don't really talk about Nah, he told niggas he was there. Remember he said the tweet out he said hey it, it's a couple niggas in here bro watching. Yeah it's a random Saturday night. I said oh yeah bro is feeling this shit. Which was crazy but respect. But he ain't staying with your kids. He ain't doing that with bro. He like, he let him go to Arizona, he ain't staying close to home.


He kinda letting him like bro go, go ahead. Come on bro. Go have fun. We are, we are a billion dollar enterprise bro. Bryce go hoop have fun but we gonna maintain the Lexi bro. Yeah he gonna be the littlest nigga on Earth. Maintain l he gonna be fucking with Mav and all them and shit. Yeah You know y'all call nigga working for Nike and some shit bro. Run nigga your daddy, he just called niggas Destiny. Mike just down was very Yeah like this is what's happening to y'all. This. But we are a billion but a lot of niggas don't have this type of arrangements to have bro. Yeah I made the arrangements. See your dad is LeBron like you can, his name is on the side of Nike building.


You're not gonna work in Nike nigga you're gonna work with Nike. Yeah bro. You're gonna run LeBron James. LeBron don't, don't, don't Marcus Jordan. Me for sure. Marcus did not run a family company. Jeffrey did. Jeffrey that shoe store was fire. Yeah, it's no Marcus. That shoe store Yeah was fire. No it's still there. The trophy room is fire. Fire bro. But he's not running team Jordan is what I'm saying to you. Bryce can run LeBron. He don't wanna run the soldiers bro. I'm trying to hoop bro. I don't Think you trying to hoop like that bro. Respect. I ain't saying he not a hoop. You'll be running Strive for Greatness film. Yeah we're a billion dollar organization bro. Lock Strive for Great. You will be making appearance at Akron. Yes bro. You can do whatever you want to bro.


You will be going to Akron. Oh fuck y'all nigga. Funny. What's up man, we gonna get up outta here but yo be here and tell the people that grab some merch at man Shop club Fox twenty.com baby man. See y'all on May 17th. Y'all back nine. We will be going up for Lover Barbie. We still figuring out the kinks. Hit the dm. She's supposed to be picking 10 guys so if she don't do it I'm gonna pick 'em out the crowd and we gonna rock like that. So it is what it is. Most definitely man. Shout to everybody who pulled up to the pop up but we don't run man. Y'all went crazy. Yeah we was in there going crazy, You know what I'm saying? Hard people support. It ain't tell me we did. Please stop asking for tickets from us.


We told y'all Yes. Hit Mike. No hold on. So what's the popup? What's that like? I ain't never been to a popup. What's that mean? First? So we were selling DT barbecue and shit out there. No I bought some donuts from Longs, You know what I'm saying? The first 25 people who pulled up and got shirts, they got tickets to the show. Yeah So it Damn where was I? We have some people lined up this morning. It was niggas lined up. Eight people outside pulled up for the shirts. See that's how that hat on your own shirt. We only actually, we only have extra largest left. Everything else sold out. Ooh y'all niggas is lit. Niggas lined up for y'all shirts. That's y'all shirt is crazy because nigga shout out to we don't run G and Mike. Nah really? It was really people out there. Yeah it was bro. Damn that's tight y'all. I'm proud of y'all boys.


Hey man, shout out to the supporters man. We appreciate y'all man. Come celebrate next week. Done. Do y'all understand much? Y'all don't like this nigga? So he said who out there was it like food and shit? This was it like barbecue each other? No bro, it was 11 o'clock in the morning. Nigga. Why ain't nobody tell me we did. They did bro. I come here 'cause I had something to do. Shit. Didn't nobody tell me bro. I I would've went bro. I swear to God no. You know what You know when You know what y'all did not tell me. I told y'all on the 11th minute of the photo shoot and you were gone. Aw yeah in eight minutes. Yeah y'all ain't told that so the fuck. Hey shout out to everybody who got a shirt.


Try your luck after show man. I'm sorry I wasn't man. I would've been there Met of support. We do not run. Make sure y'all wear y'all shirts to five 20 that he'll sign. All shirts No that y'all bring in. I will not. Y'all, y'all better not bring a pen bro. Jeff is niggas walking up to you with a pen is gonna be hilarious last time of your shirt. Nah, I would turn right. Nah, I definitely would. If y'all really wanna be a sign y'all shirt, I would sign y'all shirt. Y'all know would it's all up. I'm just talking shit. Hey man, we appreciate y'all man. We gonna have a couple more online. Stay tuned. We be back next time. Club five 20. It The Volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


The Made for This Mountain podcast exists to empower listeners to rise above their inner struggles and face the mountain in front of them. So during mental health awareness month, tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and then climb that mountain. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the Struggle. Listen to, made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. It is kind of star studded A little bit. Man. We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen To new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche. We embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to Good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or ever you get your podcasts, You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.