
Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime. It's not just one thing, it's a collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. Whether it's a hobby sport, or getting things done fast. Prime's got you covered. Like my hobby for all things sports. You can order sports supplies, listen to content like this podcast on Amazon Music or watch content. You can do it all with Prime. Everybody loves the fast, free, same day shipping, especially as we kick off the year. But what about all the content you can listen to on Amazon Music, music to podcast fast shipping. What is not to love about this membership? I'm in prime Fuels Your passions makes everything easier. So whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school, you're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com,


The Volume. All right, good morning y'all never see us here on a Sunday, be no when duty calls we show up to work man. We got Bishop out of the pulpit on the Sunday man. Get y'all some breaking news man. I have to get, man, we had to get to it today. Come on man. Five 20 in the morning. Emergency pod. We had to get together man. I'm up here this morning with my brother Bishop. My brother Teague Fellon. So y'all doing this morning, man? Cool. I'm good bro. Chilling. Come on man. We had a hell of a night last night. The Royal Rumble. We'll talk about that later. But listen, we thought that was a thing man, we get home, you know what I'm saying? Everybody go about this separate ways and shams go crazy. Everybody thought shout out to the Sintel. Everybody thought that that was the Sintel report.


Yeah, shout out to, thought that was hilarious. But they thought that SHAS was that he got hacked. It was like, hey, send the video, put the paper up. Nah, this is a real deal. One of the craziest trades in eBay. History took place early, early, early. Yesterday night. Well this morning, excuse me, you got Luka DERs going to the Lakers for Anthony Davis. Some other moving pieces as well. But that is the general consistency of that trade. Fellas, what are your thoughts about that? Man, I, I like it on both sides. I'm gonna keep it real. You like it? I think the Lakers won. You got a 25-year-old damn near instant legend in the league. Like you had to do something 'cause Brian on his way out. But then shit, if AD can stay healthy, the the maths be all right, it'd be cool.


So you how you feel When I first read it, I didn't like it. I was like why would they trade Luca IC a perennial superstar all star every year for our agent Anthony Davis who we know has injury problems been healthy the last couple of years, but for the most part he's been injury pla his whole career. I'm like, I just don't like it. But when you read about it and see where they're going as a franchise Dallas Mavericks, then it makes a little more sense. But I still don't like it though. Oh well shit, let's just break it down from, you know what I'm saying? Every perspective in the situation. You talked about that Luca, you know what I'm saying? Trading a superstar that rarely, rarely, rarely happens.


Especially in the midst of his prom. Now they're talking about his conditioner. They say him being two 70. I mean listen man, we know he always been hefty but two 70 is crazy but he's gonna play his way back in the shape. Yeah, he'll be all right bro. That's, I don't, I don't see what's wrong with it. Shit. I'm trying to figure out what's wrong with it. The Lakers won bro. Man, that is crazy. I mean I feel like it has to be something bro for them. Like you said Nico, we'll talk about the gym for the match we're talking about it's gonna be a treacherous off season 'cause did they want to pay him that 5 3 45? I mean you don't wanna pay nobody that if you don't believe they gonna be around. Mm. Like he don't believe he gonna be healthy or in shape to play or to perform at a high level to where they want to be.


They wanna win a championship and they think they had the pieces around him to do that but Luca outta shape or whatever he is seem like he can't get to the point where he need to be the lead, the franchise. Like obviously we know he don't play defense and it's a lot of stuff that lacks in his game defensively that helps win championships and he gets picked on during the year, you know, trying to be the Boston Celtics team last year they was picking on him wherever he was guarding they put him in a pick and row trying to get the switch. So they was looking at that and looking like, man we got Kyrie who's still playing at a hot level. Then if you get us Anthony Davis who's been playing great this year at a high level, maybe we'll find somebody, find a rhythm with them too, make a new duo.


Maybe we can make a run at it. Man, that's interesting that you say that because, and you talked about the show in the year they were winning games without Luca. Yeah. Now the second stretch you said was pauses gonna be a little bit harder. But they were, they looked like a really good team. Anthony Davis just told him last week, Hey I've been telling y'all I'm a power forward, we're not a sinner. And they got two bigs. That man him at Lively is dangerous bro. Yeah, he get a chance to play the folk for sure. I don't know if this is what he thought but shit, he, he there now. I don't know man. I don't know if I, I don't know when I'm thinking about it sitting here more. I don't know that Trey just don't make sense to me. I don't like it. Like I love it but I'm talking about like right now the Lakers ain't worth a quarter Nothing.


You, you too. You you're done. But for the future wise bro, so far as a business standpoint, I get a 25 old young gun like that bro. Yeah the Lakers Won bro. It's a lid bro. The Lakers won lit bro. And listen, they could be trashed the rest of the season but just the fact that you got Luca and LeBron playing together is crazy. Nah, they won but I think it is a bigger play here. Mm. Like now that it happened, obviously the Lakers know like our franchisees is Luca hand now. Like Brian you you done? Yeah you on the way out we gonna build around Luca and he understand that he 40 years old but what does that mean for Brian? That was gonna be the next question. Do Brian ask for a trade and go to Golden State and try to win with them boys and he better not go to Golden State bro.


He wanna play with his dog DG bro. He wanna play with Draymond. Would Y'all rather see him back in Cleveland or see him at Golden State? You can't trade nobody on Cleveland. Yeah, do the Lakers do him a favor and just let him rock like let him go? Yeah just let him go. I think it makes more sense to go to Golden State 'cause shit everybody on their way out over there. You don't wanna fuck up no chemistry over there in Cleveland. They got a good thing going so just to have Brian over there for a year or two and blow that team up after y'all did all this to be successful. It's pointless Now. That's crazy. Y'all being generous. I I don't care about Cleveland. If I'm the Lakers y'all owe LeBron cool. Y'all gonna have to Say something. Nah, bi Kenny Atkinson bro. He done kind of built that team up and got him rolling. You don't wanna kind of throw it off.


I'm saying, I'm saying if I'm the Lakers y'all didn't ruin y'all year basically. Facts definitely. Y'all was in with the fifth seed, y'all about to drop tremendously because Luca ain't playing no time soon. Brian about to be a one man band. Him and Austin Reeves Him and his son. All right bro. He about to get his shot. Yeah so they probably gonna drop outta the playoff race probably fairly quickly. Yeah, they yeah they're one game up from being ninth The sun's on they ass or three games or whatever it is. Yeah it is not going to, yeah they not getting Luca back no time soon. So them trading Dave just where LeBron can get me is crazy.


That's what important. Sure. But like do you let him like you gotta let LeBron make a decision at this point like hey bro, do you wanna rock out and be with Luca because if he do, Luca gonna end up being like me and ET was talking. He was like if he get around bro, Luca gonna end up being the best player in the world for the next 10 years because he gonna learn how to work, learn how to train his body, learn how to eat right and he gonna take the game to a different level 'cause he gonna be around Brian. Brian the best athlete ever. Look at him at 40. Does Brian want to be a mentor though? I mean at this point he ain't got no choice. I'm saying with them like he, I think bro's still like nigga I wanna hoop, I wanna do what I want do. Like Luca cool, he he hold down.


That's what I'm saying dude FaceTime me. Do they do they let bro leave Lakers do LeBron a favor and like hey wherever you want to go we'll make it feasible and feasible for you. Like we ain't gonna go crazy on the trade. We know we building around Luca, we gonna try to get some draft picks, assets like that and some young players and you can go to Golden State Trey LeBron for Minga. I mean that'd be the craziest trade in NBA history. LeBron, LeBron James for Minga. Hey y'all talking about letting him go to Cleveland for free if ain Trey LeBron James for Jonathan Minga bro people are gonna put small his name forever. You gotta let him go though. You do gotta let him go if this is a blindside trey for him and that's real life. You gotta let LeBron I was gonna ask that the next question.


Now we we on some five 20 shit, do y'all believe Brian didn't know about this straight? I believe it. Okay. I dunno. Ever since Brian read them books bro. I don't know. I gonna say Brian be lying us sometimes I, I believe it but I, I generally don't think he knew about this one but I think he would've told AD Yeah that's his man. Yeah I think they really rock out too. Yeah and listen, Rob Ika just got job security for a lifetime. He pulled off this, everybody was calling for his head. I got Luka Dante, y'all shut the fuck up for the next four years Man. A long time. Yeah and They all with Clutch Sports Prime ad somebody knew like yeah bro I don't, I they had to though. I'm saying like they would've said something to ad like if AD really didn't know like Rich bro, they would've been like, hey bro.


Yeah. Now I wonder if that's the case, if this is true that we we're gonna go with the LeBron didn't know. Do he feel the way Rob about this? Hell yeah bro. He don't feel the way he Know dude bro, I'm always the reason somebody could trade it bro. I'm, I'm the front office bro. Niggas In call bro Bro. Shit, she gotta go through me bro. And you trading my dog away. Not Austin Reeves not my son. Trade my nigga away bro. Nah, he but Brian is a a basketball genius and savant he know like oh you gotta trade that for Luca, you gotta do that. Nah. Yeah I ain't saying like he mad. I think he just more though like he didn't know. Let me know what y'all doing bro so we can be on the same page. That's a hell of a surprise I have though.


Yeah bro. It is bro like shit and we still hooping man. Like I don't want to just see ad just go and not know. It's cool to get but Luca ain't valuable to me right now. Yeah, yeah. And also notable they kept the, kept the pick in that trade. We talk about some of the other moving pieces that's going on man possibly with Jimmy Butler, things of that nature. The Lakers kept the pick in that situation so they could possibly go get another big, I know they were looking at some of the like Valentini so they was looking at and stuff like that. Man there's some other options for this team to get decent this year. They gonna need 'em fast. LA lit bro. You know how many asap, you know how many people about to come play in Los Angeles with Luca bro you know how crazy that's about to be Max Christie end up going to Dallas too.


Let's not forget him in a trade. Oh another pickup for Dallas. But let's not, let's not forget Jalen hood Eno got traded for, he got traded Utah. What he what it was 110,000. Yeah. Yeah. See Jeff gotta be messy For a cyber truck trade for hundred 10 bands G for 10. Hanes always facilitate bullshit. He always said we give you 55,000 a piece for hood show. That's the equivalent of the boosty put a lot for thousand dollars. That's For sure. And the so concession on me, He got traded for a get traded for a soak concession. It's crazy. I swear to God if I got traded, if I got traded it wasn't no picks.


I ain't, if I got traded it wasn't no picks or a player. You got me fucked up. That's what I was gonna ask you in this situation. This is not like disrespectful to Anthony Davis because Anthony Davis is a champion and he got traded for one of the best BA players of all time. It's just a situation people like alright I can see where I got traded from you looking like y'all traded me for this nigga


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Dear Yes my love. Will you share the most precious thing in the world with me and be My bowl mate. Are you asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes, a million times, yes I will Always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in the Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online only on two 14. Join Qdoba rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations Qdoba Rewards members only log into your account or scan QR code at checkout. One offer per member cannot combine with other discounts or offers. Delivering taxes extra Other restrictions may apply.


Whether You're ordering wings for the game whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food no matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Nah, I'm just saying if I'm Hood Shino. Oh shit he to play. You legit traded me for a night out the list. Nah, for sure on everything. What's the shit semipro a championship seminar y'all traded before Washer and dryer. Like for real bro. Like he got traded for a good podcast set up. Nah thanks. He traded him for our podcast on for Gil Arena. He gotta traded for Gil Shit Monday he can't afford the rest of the week man that's fucked up. But I'm glad you get a chance to go to get a chance to bro. You get a chance to play. He ain't never get a chance to play anywhere else but it was just shocking when I read that report I was like we ain't get traded for nothing.


And that's what I was gonna ask you. Like the funny part about it is like the other pieces in the trade, like we always talk about the noble names like the the other people who Kade like draft capital. It's like damn they gotta move too. Yeah like Morris twin, he gotta get up outta there too. So like so many people happy probably go to another situation. But on the other side of that, like we talked about the whole Laker situation Dallas man if that works out, Kyrie Irving and Anthony Davis is a hell of a pick and roll. Yeah that's a nice duo they got. I mean it ain't a Listen Dallas, it seemed like they lost the trade because we don't know what Luca gonna do. Honestly we don't know if he ever gonna be a player that everybody think he can be. We know he great. We don't know if he gonna ever be healthy in shape. We don't know if he cares about basketball like that.


Yeah but you know what I mean He is. That's the scary part. If he really locked in bro. If he like you said oh some of that bond like rub off on him. Alright it's gonna be over bro. Yeah I think, I think his first year he gonna be so motivated 'cause he got traded to try to prove people wrong and he probably going to kill that first year and he gonna especially kill Dallas. He gonna fuck Dallas up but I don't know how long that's gonna last. Yeah. But I think his shelf life was a little shorter than we all expect. I think Dallas kind of know that like man he only got three or four years, he gonna be great. Hell no. No. So I asked this question as a counter. I'm saying that's what they gotta look. That's what they gotta think be. Yeah. Now on the other side of that, if they're wrong, if Luca goes plays 10 years at a high level, is this what one of the worst trades Ever bro.


He 25 bro. This is gonna be the worst trade ever bro. I'm saying they might think he not gonna be the person in for you. They think he probably gonna be unhealthy. Yeah and shout to or not in shape or Whatever. I'm risking that bro. He only gonna be 29 bro. But they said they don't wanna pay him that 5 35 5 3 45 for it. Yeah. Corey y gonna see wait too. I'm not Saying that. Oh no About To Kill. Wait till y'all see who pull up in LA with Luca. Wait he getting two more niggas out there with him bro. Man I don't think watch. Yeah I don't know if people love playing with Luca bro. All right. All right. So this is the statement from Nico Harrison, the gm other Mavs. He was just like it's my job to make tough decisions. And he was like we really feel like we got ahead what was going to be a tumultuous summer.


He being eligible for a supermax in a year away and basically be able to opt out any contract is that we had to get in front of that. We knew teams, they had it out there. Teams had been load up to try to sign him once that became available. I don't believe that they really shot Luca Dante like that 'cause I think we would've heard something about it. The NBA is not good at being quiet. I'm sorry. I know we have some good people to being insiders but the NBA is not a quiet place. If he was getting chopped around, people would've knew. I think Nico Dismount a l. He was like oh I can get Anthony Davis. 'cause like you said, despite the injury, he's been great the last two years and he'd been killing Nico raid to win right now. I respect it bro. Yeah, swear to God I respect it. And if y'all go and make noise in the playoffs and do y'all thing and fuck around and win you a legend bro. Longevity business standpoint nigga LA is back.


Yo they are. I just think he 77 jersey. He said all facts but a supermax in Dallas and he was like man he really don't care. Like I'm That's what that sound like to me. They don't think Luca care. Yeah so we give him a supermax to a player we know that Don't care we fucked. We'll let somebody else get somebody who don't care. We'll try to get some people here. And we Isn't that guy though. His pro productivity is hot though. Being a fat ass outta straight bro. I gotta stand up for all the big niggas bro. No I'm Not saying he ain't productive. Obviously we all think Luca Cole but it is the way he play like you ever wa like I know you watch the games but like his effort ain't the same all the time.


Like No you right. He a crybaby. Yes. That is one thing I do hate about it. Luka. Douch. But look At them numbers, The talent bro. I get it. Hard work beats talent. My daddy used to say that bullshit since I was five but damn bro. Yeah that is one of the best foreigners in the league if not the best. Nah He cold. That's why him going to the Lakers gonna light a fire on him like Dallas, you can get away with more stuff. It's a small market. Yeah people, hey Luca the savior, everything Luca do is right. If they don't got the best players around him, you can just blame it on other people. Nobody ever battling Luca. Right. LA ain't like that.


La You as in LA? Yeah. Oh the hatred is So you ain't Yeah you ain't in shape. You see how they did Dwight, I heard it. Motherfucker still crying. Yeah, I'm just saying he should try to go back too. Yeah it is just a bunch of hey it was on Brown ass in first years. Most definitely. So he gonna feel that pressure and I think he gonna respond. I think he good enough. I think he great enough to respond and probably gonna have a crazy career. He probably gonna be the third best liker ever. This is this Because he what 25? Yeah Bro. He played for 10 years to 35 Bro. And He gonna be right after Magic and Kobe. Damn. I mean Kareem, I mean but shit It's, it's lit in LA bro.


They got a white boy. He's bro, he Tom Cruise bro Bro. Luca and Austin Rivers, I mean Officer Reeves, excuse me as A one too if Austin Reeves behave because you can get outta here. Don't get to clown, don't get to Mr. Brown ad too much. You got, you got Big Luca and Baby Luca. This is my team now, man. Austin res baby Luca. That's fine. You will fall in line B Junior nigga Bro. You got B got you got Big Luca baby Luca big bro, little bro. Oh and little nigga a your daddy ain't here no more. You get kicked outta daycare nigga right now. Hey Rob for Sure. And Rob like hey bro if we need another shooter on this team, you your daddy gonna get the fuck Oh my mama Nigga they mommas would just let bro go now and just build around him like I mean ain't going to finish this year out obviously.


But they ain't about to win nothing bro. Probably LeBron gonna have to leave or retire. I was gonna say is LeBron gonna retire soon? Ah yeah but this was like they la pushed him there like yeah. Yeah go ahead and get your step in that right direction bro. We gave you extension pause look but we not about to play with you bro. Nah, nah we we found our guy that is tough man. But this is a crazy trade. I Think LeBron got a lot to give to the league still. Look Let's read some of the tweets From The players like around the league. Hey that shit was hilarious. Everybody was like what the fuck? It was a lot of pissed off women last night. Yeah like niggas was on Twitter till three in the morning. Don't Worry bro. Playboy mentioned this back Like just I seen Kevin Durant made a statement about it.


I seen Bam out of bio say some stuff. Yeah that's everybody has been saying like who the fuck Tres Luca Donius what KD said At 25 Bro You never think Luca would get traded at this age? Midseason the n NBA's a wild place man. If he can get traded to anybody he's up for grabs for the fans for somebody spec spectating. It's pretty fun. I know it's kind of nerve wracking. I can't see here make it big re I Know. See Probably for Luca, everybody in Dallas LA ad for everybody involved. I'm sure their heads are spinning right now. And you know what's crazy too? I ain't think about it. The money aspect. He lost that bread. Who? Luga? Yeah. Port of Supermax. Yeah. Mm. He don't give a fuck.


He'll make it up on the back end. Damn. You got, you gotta think how many fans got tickets to see the Mavs this week and they gotta go watch ad It ain't bad. Niggas are shitty Nigga gotta get rid of 77 Dirty. I'm sorry Like if this don't work Nico, you're you're Cook, you're cook and you know what's crazy if it don't work nobody ain't gonna remember him. Look at Res off the bullshit. Tyrese at 1230 with you was on cus chimes got hacked. Everybody thought Shams got hacked bro. Huh? Josh Hart. Everybody so confused. Jalen Brunson, holy shit. What if Ad get to start acting like he did North? Right. Remember when ad start forcing a hand? That'd be insane bro. Nah bro. And he on the team where he get the, the ball shas got hacked.


He said CJ McCullum, he can't tell what's real or fake anymore. Luca really going to the lake. Nigga you are there, the president you, you could stop this. No you can't Vito, No, him and Andre I dollar don't have no pool bro. It's Over. That's crazy man. It was a wild, wild night man. I'm excited. Nah, that's a hell of a trade man. So seeing stuff like this now do you trade in bead? That's a hell of a question. Shit you can come on to la I'm just saying do you get rid of mbi if you can get rid of Luca? Yeah Philly Can get rid of Mb. This just prove anything is possible bro. So now where we Kg voice, so Now who we trade MB for? Listen that's, I don't even wanna cut you off but that's a great point.


Now what's the asking price for people? Because I feel like this trade was kinda like, I mean it was not a lot of Pix involved in this situation. Nah, like now who I get for mb? What, what does Jimmy Butler get now? What's the price That's, that's not the question. What's the price now? Don't nobody, you a fuck about Jimmy Butler no more? What's up Jimmy? About to be in the news about the Wednesday. Don't you worry he about to up the scope. I'm just thinking now do Philly trading mb 'cause if, if Dallas feel like that about Luca, he outta shape. We don't know where he gonna be in the next five years. Whatever. Where do, how do Philly feel about mbi? I know the owner came out and said we're happy with Joelle. But I was gonna say now the difference is, well I don't know Daryl Moore is a liar.


Yeah, James Harden said it. Yeah. Knowing Daryl Moore stick behind his people but hey I don't know. Yeah, I see. I feel you Paul Pierce on that Trey, Brian and Brony back to Cleveland. Build around. Lucas the only way to save the Lakers. That's pretty much how I feel too. If you Cleveland, who you giving up? If say if they say you can get LeBron and Brody right now. Who you giving up? I Evan, give me Evan Mobley The Lakers out of pocket. If they don't let 'em just ride. Yeah, like if you try to take some people from Cleveland, you gotta take like Mass Stru. Yep. Isaac Koro and Verte. But the, it is a Tre bro. I want Evan, You can't get Evan Mobley Jerry Allen? Yes I can bro.


You can't get none of them four bro. Bro, you can't get none of four. Nah Bro. Bro this is not my problem bro. Yes bro. Yeah It is because you fuck me bro. LeBron gonna come back. I did too Much. No Trey, Imani basses for Bronny. Thanks. That's the next trade. Give my nigga Imani Lakers jersey. Straight up Trey. Damn, I forgot he was in the league straight up. He just got back playing across Bates. There it go. Hey, did you see PJ got traded? He kicked it off was just like PJ got. You can talk. Are you showing up pj? I need to know PJ showing up to his Like hey Super Soakers is out there.


Nah, it was, it's an exciting, it's an exciting time to be an NBA fan. I think this just shook the league back up and I think this gonna get the viewerships back up right here for sure. Adam Super say, y'all putting smart on my name, I got y'all. Push the button. Yeah, That's hard though. NBA lit. It's so all that's crazy man. PJ kicked it off, man. Hood Shino holder it down out there Utah, man. God damn Pj. For sure man. Listen, we appreciate y'all tuning in man. Let us know how y'all feel about the trade in the comments. Got a dope podcast dropping Monday as usual at 12:00 PM Eastern Tap end five 20 in the morning, The Volume. I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must-haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check.


Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Leco, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. The Unshakable podcast is kicking off season Two with an episode you won't wanna miss.


Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase, Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company, Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past.


Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.