
So I have some big news for vegans and vegetarians everywhere. It's Hellman's Plant-based Mayo spread and dressing made for people with a plant-based diet, or anyone really who wants to enjoy the great taste of Hellman's Real without the eggs. Hellman's Plant-based is perfect for sandwiches, salads, veggie burgers, or any of your family favorites. To celebrate Hellman's is sharing some easy, delicious plant-based recipes@hellmans.com. Hellman's Plant-based Mayo spread and dressing same great taste plant-based.


This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the res you go to eBay score all your once in a blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic streetwear. The experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you could wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love vintages and wear fashion eBay things people love.


They say every dog has its day, but when you're Lulu and your parents drive a Camry, every day is your day. The roomy rear seat is the perfect whoa. Is that the Dog park? Backseat besties. It's a Camry vibe. The all new all hybrid Camry. Toyota, let's go places.


Do you live with a rare form of generalized myasthenia gravis like seronegative mg? Learn more about the Adapt Serin clinical trial at A-D-A-P-T-S-E-R-O n.com.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief and once you break through that, then you know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports, The Volume.


It's coming down to the wire in the W. We're in the final month of WBA season and you got the postseason too. And if you're trying to get tickets, you already know I'm using a Gametime app. Elite Views from Your Seat and the lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. And the best part is it's not just basketball. You can get yourself some tickets to comedy shows, concerts and any big event. So take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account and use Promo Code Club five 20 for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and redeem Code Club five 20 CLUB five 20 for $20 off. Deadline game type app today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Alright, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the hosts, my name is DJ Wills. Damn, it's been a minute since we've been in here, you know what I'm saying? Feeling good, feeling great. Still got my gang with me to my left. My dog. What up baby? How you living man? Cool. Ain't nasty. It has been a minute. He didn't even say it right. He didn't say Glad to be back in my city. In your city. Okay. You know, getting prepared for this weekend. Another, here's what you experience. Another good ghetto time for the people. So Oh, is this weekend? Yeah, it this Sunday at six to 10, the pre-game. I'm still thinking about doing something. Might do a little brunch or something. A little private brunch but I don't know yet.


Oh boy you taking, niggas ain't going to church. They going straight to brunch into the Hendricks experience. Yeah. I'ma, I'm gonna figure out, I'm gonna figure out what I want do though. For sure. For sure. To my right. My dog Young Nacho Young Teague. How you up man? I'm chilling bro. Got these fourteens on that I got off of eBay. Shout out to them. Damn. They was by the do though. They was literally in the box by the door. I'm not lying. My front door. Not the other door. I'll be talking about where's the other door at? People wanna know. Get your way up. There you go. All we need a new segment where you just flexing to everybody every week.


That's the best thing we need to clip up Luis. Nah but nah, them Fourteenths is crazy. And I remember when number we dropped back a couple years ago, like people slept on them and they ended up getting on sale for a second and then once they was gone everybody wanted them again. Yeah, I slept on 'em. I didn't get 'em but I just happened to find that I had some credits on eBay was random as hell. I just got 'em. Yeah, those are slept on for sure. Yeah those even though they came back out. The gray ones with the black. Yeah I got them. Them are tough but listen man shoes, we was talking earlier man it is so many shoes coming out the end of this year and all the next year. It is crazy the fact that people really keep up with that shit but with the reselling low key kind of going down, it's never kind of tight 'cause you can now get like shit you really want on sale.


Yeah, I seen an undefeated force coming out. I hype like I couldn't afford those. They was going for a ticket so to see them coming back out as hard and was boys was gonna be upset because at some point somebody's shoes that we be holding high and near and dear to our hearts bro. They gonna be on still sitting. I've been in a couple stores this last couple weekends and I seen Nerf sitting bro once upon time that Nerf KD four. You couldn't get it if you wanted to. That's a fact. Yeah y'all niggas is talking about the whole 2025 shit though. Y'all getting Air Shoe I about that's coming out. I I got it. Bless your heart. I gotta go crazy. It's a crazy rhyme bro. You gotta go crazy like all of them shoes are fire. But to get every y'all niggas come be buying shoes every week.


They got me in a choke ho. We find some more eBay credits. Might have to take care of a couple of those. Yeah. Hey man, it was some fire shit coming out though. Shout out to Jordan, whoever putting out the releases that that might be one of the best years. What? The seventeens coming out right then? Yeah. End of the month I need you R 300 and then the other one. Why the what? The 85? The bread 85. Why? Why are those two 50? I don't know. I'm getting them. Well we're gonna have 'em but why are, why is the Jordan, why is the Jordan one $250? That's fucking crazy. What else was coming out? And? we said we was getting them tens. Gotta have y'all literally said damn every shoot the steel toe tens with a cap. Yeah and them our classics definitely need to have them.


A black tall fourteens will be out November 30th on my birthday too. Yeah. Got, I got them. But what's the, what's the second pair? Fuck had them two Metallic and great fives necessary. Nines out nines. Ah, they hurt my feet so bad last time I wore. I might have to, yeah that could have kept them but I know a lot of people love that shoe. I I love black Steven Threes. I could pass on nines. Y'all. I'm not a three person but they're, they're classics. I can't deny they're classics for sure. I love my oh ma, I can't even say the shoe. Ah mama. Yeah I love them too bad nigga. Put their feet in them. Shout. Shout out to the friends and family that went to the friends and family. Hey y'all, Jeff and Mike be sharing shoes.


Oh that's crazy. That nigga Mike. Nigga Mike who's about to know now. We'll tell my story but there that's too much for took my shoes man. Yours came in today though actually. Oh okay. Respect, respect to tell a nigga you wearing his shoes but your shoes is coming all the way. You going to give him those? You can have those Not knowing what a nigga's real plans on the worst part is. If you would've put the shoes and you already wore back like now these still yours nigga act like they was tried to tell me that had his back shot a pre game of shoes. He, the awards Big three Allstar game kicked the birds as much as we walked around Boston, them boys got by.


That nigga walked the hella puddles in the, I said I ain't doing my nigga shit like that. Like a's a pair of ones and white forces. Nigga can't just go to the ball and grab them real quick. That be he's outta pocket and let that have been, let me do that to him. He going to throw a fit for sure before that niggas shoes. If the other shoe was coming three days later, nah it was all good. I'm saying if it was me that would've did that. Ah, you and him. YY guy. Anybody else to work besides y'all two. Only because it's you swear to God when it comes to the go Food And we go, we about to recap over because look, we've really been gone. Niggas really been living on the road. It feels good to be back at the crib but them two when it comes to going out to eat to go place is the this outta town.


What? This nigga is annoying bro. Yeah they he's the worst. They be wilding. He forgot my food again this time. No I didn't. You literally said alright I'll grab your boxes so nevermind we can eat. Okay. What we got continue. The Melo 12 is coming back out definitely golden. Yeah. I don't like them three mixed thing y'all was talking about though. Yeah, the rare ears. Yeah. That ain't really my vibe. Nope. I love them. The SD fours, I mean sd, the sb, the SB four fire. The SB fours are covered out. Y'all said white cns. The four white seamen fours. Woo. We can say I can't wait.


Some of my favorite Jordans right there. The undefeated fours undefeated can't wait. I really, I mean nah fuck it. I hope they flood the market with them shoes. That would be funny as fuck. Seeing the undefeated four on sale somewhere would be fucking hilarious. I can't wait to get all those shoes. I'm gonna be, but it's low key. Like what shoes are the kids like now? Like outside of basketball shoes. You know they rock with the hoop shoes but what do they hold like to that standard because all the stuff that we grew up on like LeBrons and stuff, that shit's sap fake. They don't care. Yeah, they like Man Jeff talk about it all the time. Designer shoes. Yeah. Kids on the bus stop be flyer niggas to the club. Yeah they be 100 shoes and they, they know it's fake and the only people, only kids that get Jordans are kids that they daddy and them like get Jordans.


Yeah, they don't really be like into Jordans. Nah, they weigh 'em like it's 'cause it's cool in the house. Yeah like I ran into a kid at school. I was like what number? I was like them hard. He was like yeah I got on the eights. Look at that nigga. He on some threes nigga them Mr. The threes. He was like, I don't know the numbers. My daddy be getting them. Yeah. I'm like yeah you don't know the numbers live through your son. Yeah as you should. That's why he shouldn't put him with some K whistle but he know what them are. Yeah. Nah, they fuck with New Balance and the New Balance and Asics for sure too. Yeah they that's a yeah the new they in, they in the walking shoes for sure now New Balances. Yeah. Yeah. The Dash shoes been going crazy. The Ros, you know what I'm saying? Mike Staple shoe.


Yeah. Yep. Designer shoes. That's it bro. Yeah bro. That's, that's crazy kid. What you got on them Seras? They like forwards though. I'm in Achi, sriracha, sriracha. I'm think about the, the motherfucker Sriracha Sauce later. They like Jordan Fors though. 'cause that dude 'cause Kai. Yeah Kai always talk about Fors. Yeah. That's crazy. I didn't even think about their streamers being they influence. I mean obviously that's the case but I you're gonna say not too many like fashion forward streamers you would think of but they don't go fuck no way. They all wanna dress like young boy. Yeah kids and Staple is a hoodie no matter the weather. No man, no matter the weather. What people had on hoodies at the fair bro. I was so shitty.


Yeah, this nigga was 91 time we went to the fair, I seen a nigga with a whole sweatsuit on Nike Tech bro. Yeah bro, I, I said I'll whoop your mama ass for that. Look y'all both, y'all need to get a whooping bro. A hoodie N 90 bro. Don't matter bro. And we was in high school, we would do it too. That's the crazy part. I God I wouldn't have no I don't think I'm no way. I'm built no way nigga. What? I would've been sweating so hard and he was not sweating. I just cut the air on in. This motherfucker got a little wicked man. He was walking with his mama man with that hoodie on man it was 90 degrees bro. Yeah, all black. That's swear. I don't know how they how they doing it though bro, bro.


Different bro. That be thug. I seen, I have never seen so many assorted colors of denim. Tears hopping bottom sweatsuits that when I went and dropped lil homie up, I said come on man. Yeah Lil Bob don't, 'cause he don't, Lil nigga don't even be sweating bro. That's what I, I be like bro, how y'all not sweating bro? Bro they living different bro. Oh I ain't, nah bro we not doing that T-shirt bro. No it's 90. He probably mad as hell. He won't let him work. Yeah, like what we doing it's 90 motherfucker hit me with man. This is my body not yours. Respect bro. Ain't no way you comfortable but you can't say that with outfit no way you comfortable. That's crazy. But man, hey man, speaking of the recap, listen man we've been on road all last week. I actually mentioned a couple dope venues man let's start off with Phoenix man. It was dope.


You know what I'm saying? Shout out to Damon, his team, Adidas family showing us love out there at the camp. It was dope to go see, you know what I'm saying? Professionals, you know what I'm saying? They striving to be professionals in that environment working out upon closed doors. Like obviously you know how the experience is but just to see that, you know what I'm saying? And see Dame organize, that was dope to see. Yeah. Dame got a good heart man. He, he a real solid dude because most people don't invite people into they space. Yeah. Doing a workout. Like when I was coming up in the league or a young player, none of the vets would take me in in the summer and work out with them. It was like, you know these young dudes coming up to take your spot. Why would I give him my sauce? But instead he giving them the formula like he called it to be successful.


And I think that's dope. Yeah it was definitely dope to see And then like for them to just follow the instructions how they're supposed to do it. Like you said we seen some stuff, shit. Even NBA players still don't know how to do everything. Right. So see them grow in the off season was dope as hell. But just the love of being out there like you said being invited in the space and listen man, that was one of the best podcasts that we had. We went crazy. Yeah we was there for it. We was podcast for a minute. Lot niggas worked for was for sure. Who all we have out there et shout out to et DeMar? Yes sir. D shout out to Bevy. Biby. Yeah. Shout out Bevy Mike Vey.


Shout out to the homie man. The og. Oh, last but not least shout out to the real JR Jr. We gonna, we gonna uplift you. Hey he he wrote me, he text me, he was like, oh you, you, you out of pocket. Nah, shout to JR man. He showed love what we was out there. We appreciate you for sure man. JR said he trying to, he trying to fix the situation man. Pay pay what you weigh. I wore the shit outta them. Slides in Boston Jr. This for you bro. Nah, shout out to JR. I seen Sebastian so I can tell him JR gave me these Dick Jr Jr. Real JR got my mama house.


They stupid shout out to Tim Frazier too. Ah for sure Shout to see him man kicking it with us. Yeah, he was kicking it with us too man. And I think that's the dope part about that is like when you get around situations with people who really know basketball, it ain't gotta be as people. Whoever you look out, everybody got that respect. Like it was dope to hear people in that camp speak his name, the way they spoke his name. Yeah. Everybody essentially like we be having fun on here but if you make it to the league nigga you probably really cold. Yeah And if you stick around you really actually good. Yeah, yeah definitely. Nah, Tim can hoop. There's no question. I mean you stay in the NBA for as long as he did. You definitely can play. But to see him and Dame relationship and being on teams years ago and still cool like that, like even ET and Dame, you could tell that they built a real friendship.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah for sure. And man listen, bust outta Phoenix went straight to Boston. We ran to the MVP in the lobby. I swear him and Gil conversation was the funniest shit ever. Man they crazy. Shout out to my nigga man they two in the same man. Giler, he still ain't shit. Damien Gillard is funny yourself. He named, he said about 20 names bro. Oh he, he really think he could fuck with y'all too. That's what was blowing me. I'm like oh you were a cool, you were the best wreck player at the age of 48. A hundred percent. But if these niggas want to turn this NBA switch on bro it is over.


You said but nigga Donovan only beat me ten six. I said bro he was just toying with you. He was not playing. I seen him score 50 in the playoffs. Yeah he was not playing Chill out. He scored 60 before but he had wanted to be in the crowd so he was sitting right there. He was busting the professor ass. Hey I swear to God bro. Professor man was out there getting cooked, cooked. I could not believe it. So his defense professor probably 40 bro. He is bro. He is but still bro that's the wrong nigga to lose to even if you fucking around 'cause you know he not gonna stop talking about this forever.


Oh nah he gonna talk about that shit forever. 'cause he ran down on you and said he wanna smoke with Chew and Mo. Yeah. I said what? And then he looked at me, he's like Nigga I know he was that tall nigga you taller than I thought. Yeah and they don't post your ass up do you? That's what I told him. I said bro you going straight down nigga it is over. Niggas just straight Tim Duncan post elbow to the chest nigga because he about 140 pounds bro. Man swear to God that motherfucker sweatsuit was heavy on my niggas for sure That motherfucker was a smile but he was not the worst celebrity that because Michael Blackton pull up is probably the nastiest jump shot I've ever seen in my life. Filthy. Oh my god. Filthy. Well there it's cool to see him get out there though.


Try something different. But basketball is not for him for sure Now him or Anthony Anderson. Hey you know who slid up on me on the DM pause like now that sound crazy but who wrote me on Instagram? Who Simba. He was like oh nigga I can hoop he on that. He say he gonna do the show. He rock with us man. He watched the show. He said he about to drop some new music and stuff. He got a new thing going on. He going to Hell no. That's my guy shout, shout out symbol. But he sent me a video making a three like you got me fucked up out. We gotta make that East Coast run though for sure. It's always way if you show somebody that can't hoop niggas come with the highlights.


Yeah, yeah you came with the highlight bro. Shout out to send in a nigga a clip of yourself is crazy. He talking about nigga fuck you I could hoop. Oh man. But listen man it was a crazy weekend. Shout to Cube hundred percent man. Listen, listen, listen. Shout to Cube. Shout to the big three for the hospitality as well. For sure. Yeah. Took care of us the weekend man. Allstar game man. You know what I'm saying? Y'all didn't get the dub? Nah, I told him I had 30 seconds for him man. I was like I'ma come out there and shoot two threes. I'm like y'all can come sub me out brother. I ain't been practicing since we lost. I ain't been hooping. Damn. I was gonna blame Coach Swaggy but you know what I'm saying? Nah, I was assistant coach bro.


I agreed to it already. You was assistant coach? Yeah me and Swaggy probably, you know the craziest coaching staff ever. Facts worse than the Wizards that year. I ain't gonna lie though. That environment is fucking fire bro. Yeah, the big three environment for that. It is not brand new but it's still a baby. You know what I mean? It was fat and like the garden is not small. Yeah bro. Cube got a lot on this play for sure. But for what he's working with bro, that was a good production. A hundred percent. Like I liked that for sure. That was fun. For sure. And like you said bro, it's a dope product and it's only fun. Yeah the best part about it is like you seeing people buying into it like they not out there bullshit.


Like I know sometimes people be how you feel, whatever I but that that Championship game niggas was playing for that bread bro. Nah they they definitely, they play every game. That's why you know, when it first started I was like shit, y'all playing hard. Like I gotta start going to the gym and trying to be in shape but I ain't been in a minute so the Allstar game I ain't had nothing for y'all. My yeah bro, I wasn't, I wasn't violating it or nothing but to see that many people to come watch niggas play three on three bro. It's crazy bro. Yeah like just that alone like so that's how you know you got a dope product bro. For sure. Yeah. You vibing there though. People believing what you got going on and the fans, I'm like these are real fans of these niggas man. So him saying like that Kobe story, it made sense 'cause it was people like waiting to see y'all like damn you still hooping.


I'm glad I get to see you. At least in the layup line. Yeah, yeah that's hard. Like four or five people was mad at me. You ain't go back in. Oh they was in the crowd shitty at you. I was like yeah I ain't, I ain't, you didn't take a picture with somebody boy. I said hey my nigga ho damn real quick my boy. Hey you walk past dude's like I can't get a smile. I said that's crazy. Asking a nigga for a smile outta pocket. Man I don't mind taking pictures of people but man when it's like 20 in a row I be like all right bro. Like yeah y'all can't group this up. Y'all all sitting by each other like let's just do a group photo, tell the nigga to hop in a group and pass the pick around. It's crazy.


Yeah like everybody a group photo like 20 individuals crazy nigga think he had a camp or so. I'm just saying bro because then like if like if you take one with one person and then you don't take it with the next 20, you outta pocket. So I just be like all I just gonna take one with y'all. This is what I always wanted to ask you. When do you know to walk away? That sound like you leaving the relationship. But I'm talking about, I just try to like, I try to get a little kid, like if it is a little kid I'll try to take a picture with the kid. But if it's like adults and shit, I'll be like bro you grown as hell. Like you don't wanna take no picture with me bro. Yeah. Like especially one dude, I ain't gonna lie.


People at the big three seen it. I almost had, I almost had to punch him, nigga put his head on my shoulder. I said Nigga what the fuck are you doing? I swear to God the lady, I don't know your name. I'm so sorry Miss. But you, she was in tears. She said, you crazy. I said, you see that trying to put his head on my shoulder. Like if you don't get the fuck trying to lay down on you. Yeah try to do a selfie and put his head on my and watch out. I'm dumb. It's funny, me and Nick seen this dude, he was trying to take a picture cube and Q was all right and he had a cue on the phone. He was like, dude this q said no. I start crying and people would be out of pocket bro. Like hitting the cube, the phone nuts, putting your head on my shoulder.


Crazy like what you, I like what you doing? Like oh gone on. I just walked away bro. Like I done bunch of shit and she started crying left. But it's funny 'cause at the hotel, I ain't gonna say who neighbor was, but this redacted player, he, he told dude he I wanna take pictures with the ho man. I start calling. I said that's fire. I like that concept. It said okay, I get it, I get it. Yeah I take pictures of you niggas. That's pretty funny. I might have to shout my pictures with the hos. Wow. I'm might have to write that down man. Oh shit man. Oh man. But listen, I wanted to ask you about this. So Dolphins quarterback Tua, basically he went on an interview recently.


He was talking about the difference between his head coach now and Brian Flores. Brian Flores the black head coach of Dolphins. He let go, got gotta let go a couple years ago. Lot shit went down with that. He was basically like every year that he was there with him, he was basically telling him like he wasn't shit. Like he was trash and he was just like, it fucked my confidence up. Now I'm with a coach who like actually like believes in me or tells me positive things and I'm seeing success but he be getting like backlash from me. There was just like, you know the last two years of both of 'em coaches, y'all both won 20 games combined. So why mad free talk crazy to you if y'all nigga still winning it. I mean it's just about the player I think to it became a better player. I think he was the last couple of years he been way better.


Like to a point we SA too is one of the top quarterbacks in the league. After we thought that man was about to have to retire. Yeah. And two years ago getting fucked up like that. I think coaches can build confidence in a player. I mean you can't help them be a better player technically. I mean you could put 'em in schemes and stuff but you can't build confidence and they have confidence to go out there and perform at a higher level. But shit, the coach don't fuck with you. You damn right shit on him. Because I've been a situation where Coach didn rock with me, shit. I shit it on him shit. And then a new coach came and everything was better for me. Yeah, I, I always asked like he was just saying, he was telling him like, you ain't the quarterback that should be here. Like if it was my, if it was my way, you wouldn't be here. Type shit.


Yeah. It's just like everybody gonna get along. But it's also a totally different environment when people actually got, even if you being an asshole, at least it's a better environment bro. Niggas can coexist. Yeah, for sure. But I just put that in the same light as like nevermind. I'm not gonna say that. I'm not gonna do that 'cause I like that coach. Okay. But I put in a situation like this. If he still wasn't performing at a high level, then you could say something like, like two was playing bad. Then we could say something. But him performing at a high level, it might reflect on the coach. You know what I mean? Like damn it might be the coach for real. 'cause Tua got the skills. He playing hot, he playing better Now probably was the coach.


But I, I was gonna use a basketball analogy but I like the coach too much so I ain't gonna do that. Respect.


This is Jeff t from the Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, they'll find the one again and again the latest sneak drop. You can't stop thinking about one of a kind street where you're dying to wear and fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet on eBay, your feature eyes and the full meal of hard to find fines. Start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make the designer collab your main course. The cherry on top. A timeless watch or iconic rear handbag and the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah. eBay is the place for new pre love ventures in rare fashion. eBay things people love.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart tylo efgartigimod alpha and Hyaluronidase Q Vfc works by visiting vyvgart.com/moa. That's V-Y-V-G-A-R t.com/moa. Brought to you by Argen X.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former packer Stark Kabir Baja bi Amila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey GB, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a Children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how it went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabir journey but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football. The search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. When you fall in love with the faith you are on fire for the faith. You mixed homesteading with guns and church. And then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. Listen to Spiraled starting August 27th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Hello? Hello. Malcolm Gladwell here. I want to tell you about a new series we're launching a Pushkin Industries on the 1936 Olympic Games, Hitler's Olympics. On this season of revisionist history, we'll bring you the full cast of characters. A room full of half-baked aristocrats, the visionary who built Chicago. The unknown story of Jesse Owens, a Nazi law student on an exchange trip to the deep south, a forgotten box of documents to New York Historical Society. A woman who looked the young Hitler in the eyes and saw a mad van Lynch mobs, tall tales, fascist rituals, the Nazi PR man banging out football marches on the piano. All of it culminating in two tumultuous weeks in Berlin in August of 1936. And the United States went along for all of it. Why listen to this season of revisionist history on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts,


New from embedded, who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


But yeah, you can always see in basketball, like you said, that bad locker room, that bad franchise. Yeah. More or less, not even. I mean, yeah, you definitely got some coaches who fuck shit up but that environment matters a whole lot. Okay, we can use, I use this one we can use like Devin Booker, when Monty Williams came you could see the Yeah you know somebody push. Ah, I ain't gonna say that 'cause Earl Watson gave him the keys and he was hooping with Earl Watson. Oh you gonna say Earl didn't have the resources either? Nah, but Earl Watson let him hoop and you could tell him he built confidence. But other people in that organization, other people on that team was like he only believed in Devin Booker. He ain't believing nobody else and that hurt us. You ain't even gotta think about like a player with one team and another coach game.


Just think about a player leaving and going to another team and becoming better. Same thing damn near. Yeah, having a different environment. Yeah, I was gonna say like Trae, Young and lp. Hmm. They had a little, I like lp. He cool. Yeah, but him and Trae Young didn't get along. Trae Young still was hooping at that time. But I think when a new coach came, when Nate became the coach, Trae Young went boom. They made to the Eastern Commerce finals. It looked like he was rocking with Nate, you know what I mean? Yeah. And it looked like he just started playing at a higher level. You could tell he kind of fucked with whatever they had going on. Like damn I got rid of him. Like I feel like a better player. I feel more confident. I feel like this coach fucked with me and then they make it to the Eastern Conference finals.


Hell yeah. Before they were a really bad team. I like lp, I like Nate, I like Trey but I ain't want to use that 'cause it's my Hawks. But that's a very similar situation man. Which of that makes dude, I mean yeah, you could tell though. 'cause like you said Nate, the way that Nate coached, he just let his guards rock out. Yeah. So you could tell that type of Nate's a defensive coach so he is gonna let him do it. But yeah, it was a vast of a difference. Yeah. It just sucks in the NFL because a lot more times coaching in the NFL, like that chain of command is probably more solid than NBA because you know football players come and go a lot of their positions. Yeah you get your franchise quarterback, stuff like that. But a lot of 'em moving parts basketball niggas ain't just come through them doors like that. You ain't getting rid like we talking about what the hell they gonna do with Trae Young steel and it's what year?


Seven facts. So yeah you have to deal with that. What them hawks need a prayer, a couple draft. So trade can go back to the Easter conference finals. What they need to get back to the Eastern Conference finals. Boy. I don't, they ain't, they gonna have to trade for KD or so this nigga, they gonna have to play fancy basketball. Yeah, we in trouble bro. They gotta rebuild man. We are. We done rebuild twice. They gotta rebuild man Facts. I think the last part of rebuild is getting rid of Trae. Young That can't keep holding on Trae. Young. Y'all not about to go nowhere with him. Free that man. Get something for him. Rebuild the right way. Nah bro, you can't trade Trae. Young got, you gotta still put Butts in the seat bro. He must see TV when he hoop.


He put on shows he get 40, 28 and 11. A thousand percent agree. Atlanta love him. You know the fans like him so it is like can't do that. Not right now. Unless you about to get shit number one pick we got that still didn't matter. I was the most reluctant number one pick. I know. Like we got a double one pick. Y'all need it for next year. Hawks though. Hawks Luck. We get the number one pick in the worst draft ever. So it was like what the fuck? That is kind of crazy. I think he going to be okay though. I mean I think the, the player probably gonna be a solid, solid player in the NBA but damn why we couldn't get Cooper? You know what I mean? I mean shit.


Why AJ wasn't a year, year or two older. You you Trey, Trey you, you making, you might be right back there. That ain't swag. Swag. You definitely not getting number one again. But that's not the swag though. What tanking? That's not trying to get Cooper by himself in Atlanta? Nah, hell no. Oh nah. Hell nah. We can't do that. They didn't want Luca in Atlanta. They damn sure don't want Cooper FLA in Atlanta. Oh. They were great in that. Oh Luca with us we had Luca. Luca with us playing with the role players. Local would've been filthy in the Yeah, I think that's part of the reason why they won't move him too. You can't. I mean Trey, well how you gonna move 28 and 10 Ain get nothing.


Yeah, like what you get? Oh you gotta get something. What you getting for 28 and 10? It's over bro. I don't know. Nobody else getting 28 and 10. Listen, I don't disagree with nothing you're saying. I'm just saying we've seen role players get a haul. I'm sure you can get enough to make some shake with Reon. That's all I'm saying. But what you getting back? You still gotta put a product on the floor bro. We still have to like he said we still need people to come and say the load popcorn, it chicken wings, you gotta have a decent product. We want Booie to come back. You said they ain't come to the game for click Capella. I feel it. Nah not for Nah that's dead. Yeah. Nah you gotta have somebody damn that's trash. So y'all just gotta be mid until Trae Young they don't care about Trae. Young no more mean the Hawks always been a mid tier team.


We always huddled in the middle of the pack. Yeah, they still want them to be competitive bro. Yeah like let us be competitive at least. Yeah for sure. When the Lakers come to town, bro, let us at least have somebody that can give 35 might put on a show. Somebody Yeah we can at least get a celebration, shit. Something. Damn that's tough. Give well some hawks. Hey college football back this weekend. I'm geek for it or no, you know what I'm saying? You caught Madden by the way. Yeah I got Madden. I just beat somebody yesterday. Shout out to my boy Dane. Damn. Damn. Gotta do that Summer jam screen. Yeah got got him together for sure. That's tough. It sucks when you lose on this platform.


Yeah. Got together nigga. Say your name. Yeah. Yeah a hundred thousand people coming. Nigga Mat, he was beat. He was beating me in college football. He come in a little conditioning like Coach give it up Coach like it is not your game. I said let's play mad. He like all right I was, I'm gonna get the 49 ERs too. I'm not saying nothing else. You got one of the best teams in the game. I told him not 'cause he was talking too much. Got the 49 er. I beat him then I said you know what, you're not good enough and play with a side team. I got the Steelers beat him again. So he play the grown man game man. Yeah you madness for the adults? Yeah man. For he, he ain't with the big boy speech called man business. Yeah played a little kid game. The animation's crazy on ncaa.


Yeah, that I still forget what he say football. But with college football coming back, it's funny because you know what I'm saying? You got Colorado back and last year start off for your Colorado hair. Everybody pulling up all the rappers, all the entertainers. What's that gonna look like? This shit for this team. Ain't nobody pulling up. Ain't nobody pulling up. You said are they gonna be back lit even better, bigger and better bro. I see Nike get behind it. Who? Who? What? Colorado? About to be weak again. Oh they not bro. They are. They're gonna be over 500 this year. A hundred percent. Ooh that a lot. That's not an accomplishment. College football that saved a lot. It is accomplishment for them bro. They won a few gameses last year bro. They tricked off a lot. They should have won like seven games last year. Yeah we going over 500 for Colorado this year.


Yeah bro, that's well how many games you got on winning? Gimme the amount of the games that they play. Well they play what the 16, what they play? Hell no not that many. Probably 10 or 12. Yeah, probably 10 or 12. All right we'll do seven and three if they play 10. Yeah, it's more than 10 for sure. Yeah, it's more than 10 games. More than 10 games. 12 It's 12, nine and three. I'm sorry. Ooh, nine and three. Nine and three. Okay. Ooh I'm sorry the buffs. Ooh shit me the big buffs see shit me I'm seeing well they are in a weak ass conference now. Nobody in that shit no more. I see a good, I see a good seven to five, eight and four season load. They ain't play nobody this year though. We gonna get a ball game and all.


They gonna get their ass beat by Utah. Nah, nah they gonna get a ball game. It just might be the KFC ball. Nah, they gonna be in a nacho. Nacho ball. Nacho balls gonna be hosting by five 20. Nah you gonna be the motherfucker there playing central, playing Central State University. That's nasty. Yeah you put him at the Circle City Classic doing a halftime performance. They played at Central State. No, don't do Dion like that man. He had to get in there. He got rid of a lot of players. Broaden the players. That's gonna win. See I told y'all in college sports you could be 40 and get on the line. He got a roster full of niggas our age. It's up for them youngsters bro.


I, nah What's the team that rigged had that bullshit ass school? Bishop. Bishop Sycamore. That's what the bus are. Bishop Sycamore. I know I do. All them grown niggas is on that team bro. His his son like 25. SDOs not getting touched. What's how old is Shiloh? Literally don't look it up. Shiloh 23. Shiloh been school for seven years bro. It's a lot of niggas we grew up with. Probably Perry into college football. I'm just saying real Shiloh been in high school. Shiloh been in the college football I think six or seven years. Probably six. Yeah. That shit's sad bro. Not five. No bro. Bros. Why is five? It's five. It's Shado fourth year. Well hold on. Kobe year is five Philo 24.


Yeah. That's crazy. So he 18, this is six years. Know he went to West's the name First South Carolina. Yep. Did he sit out? He sure did. He played, he played, I'm talking did he sit out in between transfer years or was it RD? Ain't no telling if he, he going to Jackson State too nigga. Oh this fucked he did a couple years that shit. Carolina, Jackson State and then Colorado. Yeah. Yep. This nigga got a master's degree. Yeah. What two of 'em? He doctor that nigga that's Dr. Shiloh nigga he got put that on the back of his jersey. That's for Hey man go 20, go buffs man. URA 22 go buffs. Hey I wanted to have as YA question though. Shout out out to I ain't hate on the bus bro. I hope you good. You I just be tired of everybody ruled for the same team.


Be high jr. Send them tweets man. Send them shots. I fuck with Ohio State so. Oh wow man. Yeah nigga, I'm Ohio State fan. Always been since AJ Hawk All Man. Shout out to my niggas the Mallory Bros. Man. They had something that I was looking at The what? In 1999, the Mallory Brothers. I thought you said the gang Bang bros. I'll say this nigga is wild. I don't know what you and PB watching. Not the new house. Not that one. 1999. In 1999 the wood life and Best Man came out the wood. I see somebody talking about this shit. What's better Rif Life is the best movie out of all.


Yeah, life is bro. Life is yeah Niggas cry. Top two, top three black comedy bro. Nah bro. You go the life the wood than the best man. Best man for soft niggas. What Weird niggas like the best man bro. Why do weird Niggas like the best man nigga. You gotta see that with your girl. Hey speak speaking of that movie, who was the, who was the real villain of that movie? On my mama. If you at home watching the Best Man by yourself, you weak as hell. You is a good movie If you watch the Best Man by it's a random movie to watch though. You Weed is a good movie bro. If I come to your crib and you just sitting there watching the Best Man bro, I'm gonna be like nigga what you going through nigga?


You might be a grimy nigga. Yeah you that was out out the shit that happened Out Pocket. Who? Whos the little nigga guy don't like the little Tay digs? Tay Diggs loser. I didn't like him and I'm talking about in the movie bro don't you know you lame but don't take that offense. I was like damn you really don't. Nah no, no. I'm talking about in the movie he did, he did some whole ass shit. Your character was, I think you about to ask about whose words Tay Diggs in that movie or what's the nigga Skinny Man, I can't think Terra Howard? Yeah like who was the real villain bro. It would had to be him 'cause he was Quad Tay had to be Tay bro. He pocket But that's a good movie though. Outside of that shit. That's a really good movie bro. You gotta watch Who The girl.


That's it. That's what, that's the last one. You can't even watch that but you said that movie's for soft ass niggas bro. That's like it's bro, that's crazy bro. Yeah you soft as hell if you watching the Best Man by Yourself bro. Rolling up and just watching Best Man is like what you going through? Like what? What we doing? That nigga, that nigga plotting. That's what he on. He trying to see the blueprint. See she going man he gonna til it all man. So that makes that movie number three man. Because that's my whole ass nigga. He wrote a book about fucking his, his homeboy's fiance. He's a piece of shit. Soft ass nigga. He's a piece of shit weird. He should have threw him over that balcony. I wouldn't stop it. Definitely some whole ass shit. But I still think it's a good movie. That movie We Good movie. That's a grimy movie. All the movies y'all don't watch all the movies y'all watch Don't be tough ass movies.


Every movie. I'm not saying either. Every movie I watch would be tough. Nah bro you done watch some whole ass shit. You watch White Men tangle up with each other and they it is fake. Who the fuck are you talking about? You watch wrestling bro. Oh nigga that's some real shit. Nigga say that shit to nigga they slap the shit out your ass nigga tell them nigga that shit weak nigga that motherfucker get on your ass. That shit lame as hell. But you watching by yourself and you don't even do drugs. You wash that sober. So see you do drugs before I'm telling you ain't I? I wrestlers follow us bro. Get on their As here. That pull up on that nigga. I ain't got his back nigga I'm with Y all the time. He so that nigga on one piece hell nah I would've wrestl this in hoop shorts nigga like John seen the nigga John C was out there wrestling in or jeans short shorts nigga Nah I'm taking the wood number one though.


Nah I fuck with I fuck with white, fuck with Wood number one but I'm gonna go with Best Man could be last. I just hate how you shitted on the movie like that so anybody ain't watching Best Man if you, you still a real man. No if you, you a dude and you watching Best the Way if you a dude, you watching Best Man by yourself. I ain't say they man. I just said you weird. Only soft ass tickets watch Best man. I'm trying to think like what kind of movie was this soft movie? What the fuck a nigga, a nigga who Pillow who wrote a book about some shit did in high school like you soft he outta pocket Soft. That shit happened 30 years ago nigga why the fuck are you eating? Shit happened. Nap was to smoking the pub. That was crazy. You soft. Now I gotta ask you this since we here now are you still going through with the marriage?


Yeah I'm just like nigga why you, why you soft nigga that shit I nigga because guess what you ain't my nigga you supposed to holler at me and let me make that decision before I went to that step with my lady before we got all the way to the proposal and the dinner parties and the wedding. Holler at me bro. In college. They did it in college. Oh yeah college. But are you going through with the marriage? Yeah going through with it? Yeah I'm hanging wood forever. I love my but hold on so I can't even remember that soft ass movie. I don't care bro. That movie Soft bro. Movie Soft bro. I'm just saying like the wood I still put niggas in tough positions though. It do. A lot of niggas don't feel that way. So that's a good question. For real. The Wood, that's a real nigga movie 'cause they did some real shit.


You, you grew, I grew up like that with my guys walking around trying to figure out getting numbers and shit. Yeah and then like which one of y'all slapped the booty? Shit we all did that. If it's just three of y'all, all y'all was on that. Yeah we Phil, I I definitely was on that. Damn we gonna say niggas. Nah I told you. I'm saying Phil because it was said Phil first. You niggas the field. Yeah Hussy even had the videotape he would probably had the shit on tape nigga like Jim grabbed a booty on tape like damn nigga fed my nigga. You like that? No not like that nigga used to always have this video camera. You had the house on a razor man.


Oh god Nigga little Augusta that last day at school boy he got all y'all little boy up. It is crazy. All the razor is crazy. He got y'all mommas on what up of the motherfucker little digital cameras boy y'all your mama in ninth grade. Fuck the erase up is crazy. Your mama in ninth grade. You got that? You got that on tape? Hell no boy y'all dumb boy. At this point now that we getting old enough to see like our peers and people we grew up with like having like real kids see shit. But boy back in the day you don't even know boy, boy I seen somebody going to like a, who sent me a picture Jamar, his son was on stage doing something.


Me like nigga, I remember my mama used to be in this crowd and I be looking down making fun of other people. Mama ain't this some shit. Not somebody out there roasting. Jamar ass look like Anthony Davis because he got the connector. The connector. Why nigga Jamar. Duke got the connector. That's crazy. That's crazy. Looking at the kids though. That's why boy these little kids though, they talk so much shit and I'm like it's all it's gonna take is for one nigga to say nigga your momma was in that tray session back in the Tatiana was a flipper. Nigga. I do not know what Tati So I, I hope this is not right.


I hope this shoes is not flip anybody trying to take up for the kids. I'm just saying, I'm just praying this shoe don't fit for nobody brother. That's all. I hope that was a random night from the block. See and your mama a mix tape is that's why that, that's why everybody got so scared about their freaknik. Oh yeah. That's what made me think of that shit too. Niggas a boy that that Freaknik video or documentary was so safe though. Yeah that was so safe. 'cause that wasn't the shit that they used to show back in the day. Hell nah everybody VHSs didn't make the cut for that one and that's why it was a good thing. Niggas did not have phones back then bro because none of that could have happened bro.


People was living whole different lives for two weekends out of the year. Wildling out you would've never done. Now today you are viral tomorrow. Yeah. That's whack though. Like I kind of miss not having a phone. Well not having a phone but like having like video cameras on my phone and stuff like that. I thought it was a vibe man. Even like in oh nine where you couldn't really get on Instagram and stuff or even like oh seven. Yeah I remember when you couldn't like get on Facebook on your phone. You remember that For sure bro. Was that time when applications on them phones back then, bro? Yeah, I But you had a sock. Yeah, I missed that stuff. That was cool. And just even clubbing like later on right past that, before every, everybody was on that you could go to the club with itself on your pocket and have a good time.


People used to like dance and shit. Now you go in the club, you just dodging flashlights. That's why I feel bad really though for the kids now that gotta grow up and see their mama at our age when they get older. 'cause all that shit gonna resurface all these fried women online bro. And these niggas, it's up. Oh yeah, it's gonna be And the footage is there. Oh it can't go away. Yeah, the footage is there. It can't go away When you see that link tree in the bio. Yes. All these only fans for sure. Damn, when the pandemic hit, oh it was up. Y'all kids turned 15. Us entrepreneurs put your pussy on live. I give 1,001 of 'em on there, bro.


Booy and everybody forget this. I know that niggas don't like him, but Tory Lanes bro. Tory lanes I live during Covid. What's legendary bro? Quarantine radio was real bro. That was good and bad though. I'm just thinking that all the videos go resurface. Kids is babies Were in Covid bro. They 16, 17. Seeing they mama doing that shit online. They gonna be pissed. Are they really though? Are they really gonna care? I think we at a place where like people don't even care. Like my mama lit. Like I think that's where kids are at now. You got some kids might be embarrassed but like for the most part I seen some 21 year olds. 20 and they momma like 43. My momma lit my mama bad.


They like go out with her and take pic, you know what I mean? Yeah bro. But then you got like sexy red so that's gonna be pretty funny when he got older. So you talking about my mama lit just the cool then you got But you gotta think what Suanna, you gotta think what kind of kid he gonna be when he grow up. He gonna be, you don't know though. He gonna be fried bro. I pray not. No, I'm saying like if you grow up in that kind of environment, like you probably gonna be fried. Like you probably gonna be, nah, you probably gonna be like hip ball shit so much. Yeah like you probably gonna be like all my momma just be wildling. Some of my niggas grow with fried mommas bro. And they okay, they okay bro. Yeah, but they, I'm saying they mama wasn't entertainers, you know when you grew up in a entertainer.


Hey mama wasn't lit and nasty. I got what you're saying bro. She said not nasty. My momma was nasty on the low like Right. They lit. Nasty. Lit. Respect bro. You, you can search her mix tape or right now bro. Yeah so like you can pull up like dad bro it's your mom's like Kim k kid gonna be different. Oh yeah, for sure they programmed too. Yeah they, that's the norm. But yeah we gotta do what we had do to get on. Yeah. Yeah like that documentary gonna be fired too by the way. Look, I Kim k recap, it's gonna be a baby she put on for the family. Yeah. I hope y'all understand this is for the, she really the goat bro. I know we all over the place but she's really the goat of this shit bro. Do you have to say Ray J's the goat too?


Nah, her and her mama bro. How what they built out of that crazy bro. I gonna say mom Dukes is really the goat that's the best remix ever. She got the whole world following her like I just seen a beats as she did and people can't wait to buy those beats. And I'm like what the fuck? She is a mogul bro. Bro. She had people buying shape up. She had niggas buying Skechers bro. Kim K is the biggest woman influencer bro. Oh I'm not going. I am bro. I ain't gonna fight you for it. I am name one bro. Niggas don't buy them Beyonce Adidas bro. She bigger than Taylor Swift influence. Yes, because you don't know what Taylor Swift every say is.


You influence Wise. Yeah Taylor's buying Taylor Swift shape up. Everybody's buying her shape up or Adidas. Mm. Sketcher is a weak ass shoe. Skims. Skims is fire I'm adding. Huh? Ooh influenced Rihanna. Fenty bigger than all that. Fenty Big F is bigger than all that bro. Rihanna. Rihanna is Rihanna Swaggy. I get her Rihanna. I ain't gonna argue with you. Rihanna don't even step out either. That's hell of a conversation too. Yeah I ain't, I ain't gonna argue Rihanna has inspired a nation of these tattoos. I'm just saying Rihanna. Why I'm saying yeah I'm picking, I'm picking Kim k because Kim K has the pyramid scheme nigga my sisters she do like I'm my youngest sister is a gazillionaire.


Yeah. Because of some shit that I started. Yeah. I don't know who was in Rihanna's lineage. Nobody that I can know of. She got asap. So when you pull a nigga's a resume asap Big. Yeah I say fashion God I ain't say, you know what I'm saying? But for her to put her mom the Orchestrate bro, Chloe as much as niggas, Joan Onlo, WNBA Joan on her and shit bro she lit Niggas Is is Slam. Jim McCloy bro. Shout out to TT like hello? They all lit that platform big bro. They all lit no legendary from top to the bottom bro. And Keeping up with the Kardashians is a legendary show. Yeah bro. And the brother, he just, he's fraud but shout to Rob too.


Yeah. And they old girl Courtney husband, she got Scott lit. Scott No don't disrespect Scott Dis. No I'm just saying but Scott, Scott, he was there before but Scott once he got on that show, nah he was cracking the mama got the black man getting money. He was always getting money but he really in the light now so that's her nigga. Yeah my fault did. I thought he was like the assistant, I ain't really tapped into the show motherfucker. I was like damn nigga got a black assistant. That's crazy bro. I be on the run and he always ruined it boy. I just say I thought he was say black assistant bro got King because then he worked if I wife didn't he work with, let me say some shit like that being always see being stick bro.


I'm just talking nigga is slamming the lineage. I swear I thought that was the, the officer of the lineage you talking about this man is lefthanded. I thought that was a black assistant. I okay his lefthand we gotta say West Coast because they said West Coast. I ain't doing West Coast. That's what they said. Shout to the west coast. Hello? The west coast. Who said they move on man? God damn man. Hey did y'all see Tyree Breakfast Club? Tyree is the goat, Tyrese is top five podcaster of all time bro. All I got check him out. Oh bro he's pulled, I seen the and shit, I seen him pulled up on Envy and like why you leaving? That's like bro. Oh yeah they they they hash out.


I mean they cool. Yeah they cool, they cool, they cool but bro, him and Charla man bro Tyrese is having so many serious moments talking about his life and going through divorce and stuff like that and Charlamagne is laughing through half of it bro. And there's a point he's crying Charlamagne's like bro I'm gonna get you some tissues. I don't need no tissue and throws it up in the air like he made it rain bro. Tyrese is the goat bro. How nigga always crying man. He said black man cry. That's cool bro. You supposed to, I I guess that's the best man. Shit. Yeah he was tyrese equals ta digs bro because why He might be evil chain digs. Evil T digs. Why are you on these platforms crying like this because Tyree gonna pull up on y'all niggas. Hey you just caught him soft?


Nah, I said that's that's their best friend shit. Crying on the the air. I mean I don't know why he was crying. I ain't really watch. But you said it was mom? No he talking about everything. He talking about just what he was going through like people he but he was talking about his divorce and like he was like people don't understand that when black men go through divorce or all these things they just only check on the woman. Like it don't hurt both people but just Tyrese, the way he be talking it is funny as hell because they talking about why he was performing with that motherfucking Marvin Gaye situation on That's what I'm bro. But he said he had just came from set from doing 1992 and didn't have time to take it off pause so he had to go perform like that but it's still ridiculous. Ty had that shit bro. Bro I ain't really tapped Tyree having that beard in that hat is crazy.


I really ain't tapped into it. Oh you have to see it. Oh you have to see it Tyree your clothes bro. Ty you jumped in or not? He on tour. Tyrese What doing Nah, he got an album coming up but he was doing a movie called 1992. Who? I ain't gonna lie, he tap a song I fuck with shit. What doing he got a few songs? No Tyree's got a call out Freak I've been looking for girl. Hey that was about, that's just the way of cleaning up with the bullshit. He say huh? Having a song. I was talking to this girl one day and she asked me what is your nah Ty Tyree Sweet Lady Fire Tyrese catalog is a very solid, he gotta, he gotta buy catalog.


I'm still taking Tank and Genine catalog over his but Giu has the best catalog of those three for show I think. I think Tyrese is a close second effort for me Over Tank. Yeah this how I'm gonna take you to I ain't never seen. Yeah that's nasty. My boy was on man Dante Green right there. Shout to Dante. Shout to Dante. What that look like? That look like tight right there. What was he trying to play? What is that in the movie? 1992. That's that's what he's looking like. That was his national anthem performance. That's what he came from. Man that ain't even Marvin Gaye bro.


It's crazy. Oh he play, he playing Marvin Gaye I guess look at it. He has something else going on besides the movie that he's plugging and he came from one of those sets and that's how he was looking and he said they had him there early. He couldn't change so everybody thought that Tyrese was going through some shit 'cause he pulled up to do it and oh fuck Tyrese man. Hey it's a AI season man. Be who you want to be bro. That was him bro. Oh motherfucker love shit I don't give a fuck Tyree shout out to you man. I like your music. I'm might to start using Y Rapper. It's a TT G. What? What was it called? What was it called? Tgt start off like that. Tyree Tank whatever TT G remix. All of tg. What was it called?


tg T tg much better. Oh TG T whatever they talking about Ttg is the for the holes nigga. Damn that's when the autographs tt gre to go Tatiana to Gold. Bust down Tatiana. They wanna see her bust down. Tatiana to go is crazy. T can't wait. This little nigga say so to me I'm Ball nigga Mama you think we hooping? You said Tank, you said Tank shit better than Tyrese's. A hundred percent his catalog.


Yeah I'm gonna roll with Tyrese bro. Nah and because you know in verses you get to do what you wrote too. SL ty Tank Pen wrote you do what you wrote different dumb but off on songs. I'm going with Tyree own songs. I'm about to go with Tyree because Tyrese hits like them. Them 5, 6, 7, 8 hits that Tyree got are Stay with Stay ain't got shit bro. Stay. I don't disagree very. I think if you ask me the best singer about, about say take, why don't you easily stay now? Yeah stay Gene Wine the biggest but T catalog bro. Gene Wine T still making songs right now bro.


Ese did y'all see Game fall up there Woody bro Nevermind. That's my nigga on 2K. So you did fall. That shit was funniest. Fuck who the guy, damn yo he was stationary and this went damn No he was walking, walking like shit. I know, I know he, he was standing upward and he took the next step and was on the ground. That's that got to be a fucked up feeling Fall at a wedding bro. Well at least he wasn't his wedding. Thought your weddings probably worse than that. Yeah I'd rather fall away than fall off stage though bro. While you performing. Yeah bro. Nah let me, I off, I fall off stage. Lemme fall off stage bro. Not like kid cu. Hell no. Y'all wilding bro. I wouldn't wanna fall like kid. Cuddy aint your groove, you falling off stage bro.


G you won falling off stage bro. I'm trying to be like, I'm trying to fall like Miguel the leg drop. Nah the worst fall was Kid Cuddy. What Kid Cudi do? He broke everything. Look at me. Is that what we ain't heard from damn kid Cudi? Yeah drugs. You ain't because see my problem is that happens on stage. Yeah you gonna get a couple of those edits but at a wedding everybody on this. Yeah soon as that shit happens. But how you just fall down like that though? Why they do the slow mode on bro Step? It was flowers, the flower. Ah and then you know the metallic shit you gotta show in. Yeah it was on top of the metallic shit.


Yeah they said you about for failure and you got on them Kirk Franklin too. Yeah it was. You done? Nah, I ain't gonna hold. They take a lot of confidence walking down the aisle like dude make sure you do not fall. That's the only thing you can think of. Like I was so scared I was, I was walking was I was walking so gingerly. Well you niggas using this gingerly word. That's crazy. Damn nigga I can't say gingerly all this wild shit. This nigga say I can't say gingerly. What's the new word D more. What is that? I know some new shit a motherfucker said to me at this store, I'm like bitch what? What? What that mean? I don't know you bitches more but it's, they found a new word here just using it all out of context bro. It's not a new word.


It's not, it's been in the, it's new saying just like how people do toxic and shit like that. Like bro safety risk. I am not theor, I am a hoe. See you talking about her son, he's gonna be pissed. It just means reserve modest or shy women. Aha. That's a about, that's hard though. That's a boy serious or even coy. Yep. That's a lie. So you tell her don't I'm coming here. I remember the first leave that abortion at the, the first like out of pocket word I ever heard. Not out of pocket but like word I never heard used before was deplorable. Right. And one of my coaches told me, you suck like your effort is terrible.


No fuck that. Your effort is deplorable. I was like damn the fuck that mean I went looked it up. I said God that shit you a piece of shit. What the fuck was you doing at breakfast nigga? Nothing Bernie Maxwell. I was just there caught of nigga by shout to Coach Kelsey. We head coach at Louisville now. Man. He said that shit. Hey see look. There we go. And we in good shape. You was out bullshit me I of us definitely. I was practicing. Mm. There you well soon Louisville. No we good. Fuck we good. We got good coach now Coach Kel gonna run that up for him. And, we got the NL back baby. Yeah we cheating again.


The fall is creeping up on us but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer. Feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


This is Jeff T from the Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when you're love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, they'll find the one again and again the latest sneak drop. You can't stop thinking about one of a kind street where you're dying to wear in fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet On eBay, you'll feature your eyes on the full meal of hard to find fines, start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make the designer collab your main course, the cherry on top. A timeless watch or iconic rear handbag and the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures in rare fashion eBay things people love.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart tlo efgartigimod alpha and Hyaluronidase Q Vfc works by visiting vyvgart.com/mo a. That's V-Y-V-G-R t.com/mo A brought to you by Argen


X


State Farm knows making smarter financial moves today secures your financial freedom for a second tomorrow on Michael Cultura podcast network. We believe this too by sharing money management tips that help you realize your dreams. Like on our show life as a gringo with DJ dramas. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. How to not fall into those same traps and, and had to not, you know, create the same difficult situations that many of us grew up in. Like I, I started the podcast earlier saying, for me in my family, one of the biggest points of contention was finances. And I know as I gotten older, I made it a promise to myself to say, I don't wanna relive that Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael ura podcast Network.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show, we dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I asked funny 'cause Vernon Max put somebody, I don't know why the coach was putting fucking with me People in the comment, he was like, nigga you was little cocaine at work. Of course he was mad at you where you show up to work high and people be okay with that. Amazon I come, nah you I just, well you do a, you do a 10 hour shift at Amazon. Hi, you are the goat. That's what it's for. We not promoting drugs. I'm just saying like that's what for long days bro. Marcus Jordan, bro. No bro, you how many times you have to like keep doing that for a 10 hour shift. I ain't never used it but I the high only lasted three or four hours, A couple bumps, you'll be good. You see them sleep on your lunch brain, you see them nigga stole.


He trying to overdose man. He trying to kill somebody bro. Listen bro, people, people go back and hit the people. Go back and hit the line bro. Man don't listen to this nigga, nigga you think niggas are one hit patriot, not patri. Exclusive citizen is crazy. And, if you think a junkie goes when they wake up and bump and be done. It's not no extent though. Listen, we talking about somebody who goes to work bro for 10 hours. We not talking about somebody who goes nigga, they're here. That motherfucker train. We not talking about somebody that's Oh no that's trash down the street bro. No bro, don't listen to him bro. Don't do office. Oh man. See if you think a nigga is only coming to party one time, it's crazy.


Amazon just make it funny because we both worked in that big X where, how long to walk, you have to walk 10 minutes to get to your car and you start your lunch break, you clock out. Niggas is definitely in there off the know how we was feeling walking around Boston. Niggas just imagine doing that for 10 hours. Niggas walked around the whole TVD garden. Dude, I would never walk around the whole TVD garden bro. But we got the train station station. I would, I would've went back to the hotel bro. That was crazy bro. He was hot. I know he, he was hot. Nah, what's funnier is in the elevator on Sunday when we tried to get our tickets bro. I the worst. Oh yeah, elevator attend of all time. I've never seen all of us instantly get shitty.


Normally it's a delay. Everybody instantly like wanted to slap this nigga. It was crazy. But shout out out to Boss though man. We had a good time. Shout out to Boss. Had a great time. Shout out to Concepts man. Show love. Yeah concepts bro. That's dope. I was on your website earlier. If y'all can just send me free clothes, I'll take that too. God damn. That's how we do his sponsorship. Ask. Fuck it. My dog Molly. What's good? I'm rolling. Hey man. Hey thank y'all for giving these niggas 30% off fans. Yeah, but y'all get send me some sweet free spaces. I'll wear 'em you free shit from anybody. Now's the time. I'm cool bro. I'll wear 'em all the time. I'm cool DJ free shit from anybody. I'm cool. My 30% off bro.


Nah, we need all that. Everybody appreciate it. MJ now Maya, MJ we just told you how we gonna buy all your shoes next year. Can you just send a couple, just send them. They could be Tim Jordan too. I, yeah, AYA. Aya for sure. I need that via plug but outside Aya, it don't matter man. I jr Adidas make it happen. I'll wear those too. Ah for sure. Definitely. JR Tap in bro. We trying to re revamp your name. It's, it's sorry out here because if not s Sebastian's coming up Fox 20, it's your choice. You either fuck with us or we call it Sebastian Orlando Brown Jr. I was on the way for the real sit down.


Did you see Trippy Rests head? He said I already made a clone. I made Orlando Brown. The fuck shit effort. He do look like him. He's fucked up. Oh man. Is there any question that the Patriot ask? I forgot we supposed to do that right? No, they just laughing at they ain't ask. No I asked him the beginning, they ain't had no question. Oh man, that's funny as fuck. They trippy. Red do look like around man they got my nigga Orlando messed up. That's my guy man. But we ain't seen Orlando since he sat down with Charleston White man. Yeah, he, they caught him going to the bathroom getting active so. Oh whoa. Yeah, he was okay getting told, treating, you know, first 15 break.


So now Orlando Brown work Amazon. Why? What Hell fuck it get well sued. Yeah. What else happening in the world? Man, we've been away for a minute. But Noah Lies is a liar bro. Oh yeah, he is a liar bro. He was dancing with Covid in the club. He said they talked about yo, he said who's that? Hey bro, stop playing. We all let, we already let you get that lie away that you had Covid. It's still around because one nigga goes to the cub with Covid. A lot of us bro. Well in 2024 Jeff had a party, a Covid party that was the original try to celebrate Covid but celebrate nobody have that. He the one had it. So nigga I got it from you nigga. He is, no he is no allowed. I, I dunno.


I had a party, one of Y niggas came in my house with Covid. Y'all niggas was fucked up for that. I just tested. I no Covid. One of y'all niggas came in there with Covid. Y'all fucked up man. We went on the cabinet trip, we made everybody get the the like go get the the test results and posted in there. Niggas was Photoshopping. I said man what we doing man? Yeah but y'all giving a lot of light to door man. He trolling now he into it with old boy from the Dolphins. They supposed to be setting up a race. All him and Turkey. Nobody get that nigga paid bro. Nah, he running it up the right way. He it is do his thing. Nobody likes it but it don't matter. He beats on his bird. Yeah, he can't show the nigga with bees. He hates bees. This nigga that shit weird. He saw somebody else with Bees, he got upset.


That's some best man shit. You never wore bees on your braids at Park man. No nigga I was what? Oh your shit was just like Mike Man, I outside nigga wear no Bees. Maybe like middle school respect. Middle school I might have some beads. Okay. My momma took them out quick though. My daddy was like that's some best man shit. Alright, so why'd you put 'em in? Because I was listening to the motherfucker buried my ear. bg. You need to put the bees on there so they can hang longer. I ain't had no hang time. Yeah that's my new shit. That's some best man. Shit. That's crazy man. More stretch never come outta his pocket.


I fuck with Morris Chest now though. He wasn't? No he wasn't Soften there. Yeah he was the crazy one. False like what's the second? They had a second movie too, right? Like holiday or something. Ain't the three of them or My out pocket? You out of pocket two Just been holiday. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Best. My holiday was cool though. You had to watch that with your girl too though. Yeah it just got real. I felt like Tyler Perry helped with those movies. It got real sad. They had like a, her was crazy. Oh yeah, it's called the Best Man. The final chapters. Yeah it was like a series is a TV show though. Yeah, that's a TV show. I repeat that. I don't think I watched that. Saw the same actress and stuff though. You know what came back out though? Fresh Prince Bel Air. You seen that? Yeah I heard that. I'm gonna tap back in with it.


You watched it? I watched the first episode. I ain't watched him. Yeah I seen it came back out. I struggled through season two towards the end. But I've heard good things about season three. I'm gonna lock Carlton off. That Coke still. Alright boy. Woo. See fuck. What that? Yeah the rebrand anymore on episode one. Oh he he got clean on episode one. I can't believe they did Carlton Banks like that's just a beginning. Well he relapse twice so he'll, he'll, I'm sure he'll spin the block on there. You both assume Carlton? Yeah they did Carlton Dirty though. Yeah, well they got Carlton on there. That's fucked up. But that's probably what he was doing though. Anyway. Y'all see Martin making a new series redoing Martin supposed to be like a drama. Oh, oh no. Yeah y I'm gonna have, I'm gonna need some reviews for that first Man.


I seen Bad Boys eight. He and you know what you said it, he do look a little sluggish. I watched it again. It it got a little wicked bro. At the end ain't gonna lie. Yeah it got a little wicked bro. Bro. It did. It really did. They got a couple questions for y'all. Now I'm read Reverse. Michael said any of y'all watched the Boys TV show, you watched the Boys. I watched a couple seasons of it. I fuck with, I ain't finished it yet though. I rock with that show. What's the boys about? It's like about superheroes but it's like hell nah, no, no, nah it's, it's like if superheroes was in real life like they wouldn't be shit people I seen, I seen one episode of that. What su what superhero would y'all be? Damn that's a hell of a question.


Rich ones Iron Man or Batman. Yeah that's one of the rich ones. Yeah, I'm not about to be a superhero live my fucking auntie nigga. I'm rolling with Batman because he was a real nigga. Yeah, he's a staple or I'm going Iron Man. 'cause Batman Home, his parents got mech. He ain't slide like what I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go in trash bro. Batman got beat up too much bro. He was getting well. He ain't shooting niggas. I'm not doing all this head to hand combat with Power Crime. Nah, I want motherfucker kill everybody. I'd probably be like incredible Hawk or some shit. Nah, Batman started killing niggas after the dark night rises. Yeah but he wasn't shooting people though. That nigga was all hand to hand. UFC shit. Yeah. Throwing belts and shit. You on lasers and shit out to your head. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I want, I'm be incredible ho.


Mm Oh okay. Respect. What's the next one ho? Smashing 10 nigga at Ho Smashing. Trey said when y'all pulling up to Detroit? Who? Ah, we gonna make that happen man. We gotta pull up the CRE Cafe. Shout to JC. Yo. We already got that in the works bro. We gonna be up there soon. Fuck. For sure. And Naima said are there any college or NFL teams that y'all guys are excited to see this play this season? Buffs Cols. My coats Cowboys. You know what it is. Can't wait to get my Jersey Ziaire. Go to a couple. Yeah Zaire. Oh hey bro. We need a jersey. Yeah that 44. Yeah I'd probably ride my Jeff Saturday. I'm excited to watch the Texans this year just because I like CJ str but like I think they gonna lose but I wanna see him play college football.


I just want Colorado to lose. Aw man, that's crazy. Shout club. Five twenty.com. I want Oregon to win bro. What's in Virginia? Somebody say pull up to Virginia. You want us to pull up the DC then? Yeah, y'all can slide trigger. I'm rolling. Alright, we're good to go. You good to go? Hey man, we appreciate y'all rocking with us Before we get up out here. Be here. Tell the people they can grab some merch at shop club five twenty.com. Baby know it is. These ain't available though. I don't know when they relaunching and reloading but, oh that was a A Club five 20 season one exclusive. Oh yeah. So season, season two on the way. Yeah. Thicker shirts, you know.


Hopefully we'll get some more accessories on there. We got accessories, we got some socks. Yeah, we need some socks. Yeah. Psych. I was like where the fuck are socks? Gonna say need some socks. Only I got five 20 socks. That was a tea excuse. Hey man, fuck him. I socks with them. Socks on that side. Fuck out here Mitchell. And this. We need another hat bro. Tap in. People actually love them. They, they mad about them hats. Y'all don't even worry, but motherfuckers be talking to me about them hats. Whatever y'all nigga gotta do exclusive. Yeah. T mark tap in gave y'all chance man. T mark. We gonna spend a block on 'em. Hopefully now I don't sleep this time. Them hats was them hats was popping bro. Yeah, and I don't wore all hat hats probably sell better than everything else.


Yeah, people love 'em Hats. Yeah, them hats was dope. So we'll let y'all pick though, but we out though the Volume


Plug in a Hyundai ev and the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the Ioni five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 iq. Five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni. Six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


The fall season, we don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, you can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Summer's here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Or you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now. Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


You know that vibe when you're riding in your all new Camry and that cousin calls the one who always tries to one up you. I mean yours is fun and all, But not even a Hello. It's straight into better Job boyfriend vacation spot your response, brushing the dirt off your shoulders and pulling up in the all new Camry. 225 horsepower Bold Grill. Available 19 inch wheels and wireless charger. Who has the better what now? Thought so the vibe just shifted in your favor with the all new Camry. Toyota. Let's go places.


Vitamin Water was born in New York because New Yorkers wanted more, like more flavor to go with all the flavor. A refreshing drink after climbing six flights of stairs to a walk up apartment or standing in the subway station in a hundred degree heat. Drink vitamin water. It's from New York.