
Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, listen To the forties and free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast Dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again, our NBA champions. Today, the Warrior's Dynasty remains a alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for What Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Westmore Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Camil Ramon at Amli Ortiz and our podcast Atho is where sports, music and fitness collide and we cover it all the arva. This season we sit down with history makers like the Suat family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast for wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


The Volume,


Yo, what's going on? It's Club five 20 Man, we just here to talk about some real stuff and listen, everything is going up. Everything is more expensive, you name it. Water, eggs, milk. It's a lot of stuff going on. And the last thing you want is credit card debt. And listen, there is a better way for you man, especially to build your credit. All you gotta do is tap in with chimes credit builder card. It's a secure credit card. No credit check and a minimum deposit required. But listen, it'll get you start on your financial freedom. A it is really easy to start building credit with your everyday purchases. You can make regular on time payments. It is no annual fees, interest or credit checks. I mean Chime is the way to go. chime.com with a better credit Score. It gives you an opportunity to take family vacations, unexpected bills that you can take care of. You know, just make life a lot easier for you. A good score makes a big difference. All these things can help you lower interest rates in your home and your car. A good score makes a big difference. Usually Your chime map you have access to 50,000 fee free ATMs across the world To your everyday purchases and on time payments into steps towards your financial goals. And Chime, secure Credit builder Visa credit card. Get started today@chime.com. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card is issued by the Bank Corp. Bank A or Strive Bank. NA spot me eligibility requires an overdraft limit. Apply chime checking account required to apply out of network TM withdrawal and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Time depends or a submission of payment.


Alright man we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm your host. My name is dj. Well same game with me to my left. My dog Bishop B he out the prayer release. How you what Nasty Woo. Shit I'm doing good today. Doing good today. Yeah they got me in the gym weight loss journey five 20 Off The Court. You know what I mean? Got it in today. Feeling pretty good though man. I'm loving this journey my boy. See the progression in there. Hey the content that y'all be producing, that gym be cracking me up man. Yeah because what the phrase that be getting caught off mic is really the real podcast on the lo of keys. That's what I was telling them earlier. They be working now. Jeff still be over here.


I be laying down talking about this, this nah, that shit, that shit is dope though bro. That shit is dope. Shout out to our trainer, you feel me? Shout out to BI fuck with it. Shout out to B man to my right, my dog. Young Nacho young Teague. How you what? I ain't gonna lie, I just woke up from that shit and today I was tired bro. I went to sleep. I just woke up. My alarm went off at five 30. I was shitty but It's All good. Hey that's crazy. You had to work out so bad and put you straight. Knock the fuck out. I swear to God I was Tired. Yeah, today was one of ones for shit show Man. That's crazy. Hey, before we get to the show I want to ask y'all. I've been seeing all the kids going to prom and prom obviously we owe as hell.


We long removed from that. Prom is totally different now. I did not see one kid who didn't have all designer sneakers. Oh you got to, you can't have on no regular dress shoes now that's inappropriate. I mean but we just went from Vibe. We went from the biscuits to the Prada. Like Yeah you the bare minimum you have to wear Air Force ones. Okay, that's fair. I'm never mad at no no Saying very minimum hundred hols. No. You know when we was coming up our suits came with our dress shoes. Disgusting. Oh god. So your mom was like nigga we're at Harold Pinner. I don't know, YouTube maybe they was all over the world but we went to Harold Pinner and nigga that light blue suit, here's these light blue shoes that go with it. You can get the plain boys or the crocodile you pick and that's it.


Now these nigga suits also our suits was like our T-shirts four x like we Kevin p all the way around these kids now. I told y'all the fashion now is way better than Taylor suits. You feel me? Designer sneaks. Yeah rather you get 'em from Tmu or God damnit sacks. It don't matter. It is just a vibe. And they sitting on Corvettes, Bentleys, They none that shit. Yeah so you either. Shit I think we had an avalanche nigga Shapr me, my cousin, we drove an avalanche. It was new but what I'm saying, it wasn't no fantom or no shit. Now like these kids got so shout out to the new generation. I ain't a hater, IM a supporter. For real. The family car is not acceptable anymore.


Nah, somebody got that nice sweep the family, no nigga go to the lot Key. I don't even think nobody unless your cousin let you borrow they old school or something. I don't even think niggas had them cars in they pictures. You was standing in front of your house, your Pictures, everything. I ain't never in front of my car. I think we had a limo one year. Somebody had a limo So that was a vibe. Speaking of limo, shout to the limos we had in Vegas. That shit was a two seater. I ain't never been in a limo coop before. We Had the longest stretch in the, We had a stretch limo that only fit two people And it was a SRT. Hey man you show I was so Mad at attending man yo slow the fuck down.


And You know the Limbos, he had a wooden role next like oh shit, He hurt me And he gotta look back to like I, he was like I'm Leon. No. I was like damn bro. Nah for sure. How You gonna leave us? You got paid away here? Yeah. Like what? It was just funny looking at people like, 'cause we mind y'all, we had a limo the whole weekend y'all. It wasn't just one time people was looking at us getting out to like, who the Fuck is this laying down? Hey man nigga, nigga as hell. Everybody Else getting outta trucks Y and them got how the Escalades Get outta a limbo With the whole name of the company on the spot. Limb Prestige Worldwide out to Prestige.


That's that baby ass limo. That is Crazy man. The funny part about is people look like who's that? Where the fuck these niggas like Booker t in the lobby? Yeah that nigga Booker t walked right past us. We just talked to him for a hour. Hey gave us a head nod like we said What's up nigga? We aint, so we had just left interviewing him at WWE World. We in a lobby chilling about to go get something to eat. Booker t walked past with his family and gave us a headline like he had never seen us before in our lives bro. Luke was like, I just talked to that nigga for a hour 15 minutes ago. So glad I wasn't there bro. I was rolling. Was I bro? I was in tears. How hard I was laughing bro. I'm like To help bro. I said bro, he really don't know that we just talking for hour.


I said that nigga looked through us. That's crazy. The book? Yeah we came back in and we walked past. He was like second time today. No nigga. It's actually third. Third time It Third time. Third time. Oh Man. Shout out to Booker team man. How'd y'all like Vegas man, Wrestlemania was fucking crazy man. Yeah that atmosphere is Gatorade is special. What? Nah, I like that atmosphere man. Shout to Jamie and company who gave us the VIP two. Their primary was amazing. Yeah. Hey all To say The least Allegion stadium is crazy.


No, that's a nice stadium right there. It's top of the line for sure. To see that many people in there all vibed out for wrestling. That was dope as fuck. Yeah actually seeing the celebrity too where we were sitting at not the stun that I'm just saying like that Was a stunt. Nah, we was like third row whatever the fuck we was. They saw you on tv. They they posted it on Twitter. I understand but I'm just saying to see those usually. And me and Jeff talked about it for a while. Usually those type of guys is like too cool for school when you see other places. Yeah. So to see 'em up cheering and taking videos, them using the niggas. They be like hey bro, put your phone down type of shit. Yeah, well to see them doing that to John Cena and them was kind of crazy though. Nah, that was fire. That's How, that's what man, I'm like damn this shit is really different bro.


Yeah I told you uni a wrestling like universal like and you can be yourself at a wrestling ring 'cause you go to a wrestling match, everybody in there know that, You know it's kind of scripted and whatever. Yeah. So You know you just a true fan so you can't even be tough or nothing in here. 'cause nigga can be like me watching this shit bro. Like you ain't tough nigga. Yeah. You know so everybody just gonna be themselves and I enjoy it. Like that's why I was hyped going like everybody just int here vibing. Ain't nobody like hey man don't talk to me. Like all the people that was there like Yachty, Quavo, all them, they taking pictures of everybody. Yeah bro. Everybody just true fans like we all just like this shit bro. We grew up watching and we all enjoying it. So that's what made it cool bro.


Wasn't nobody too big for nothing. Like yeah somebody walk up to him, they just like what up? Yeah. Ah for sure Niggas got belts on. Yeah bro. And like when the music, You know, You know when the s come out they drop the music so see them niggas like oh shit, here he come. I said bro that's wild bro. I would never think I'd seen Metro Shout out to Metro. He fuck with de show. Yes sir. As soon as he heard John Cena come out, he was good eyes lit up like said damn that is a dope. Like that's tough. You could be in the safe place bro. For Real. It's dope. But everybody can just enjoy it. Like the vibes is high. Like, like you said with stone cold steam music lit off bro. Bro people lost they fucking minds bro. That that might be the most famous reaction I ever seen in my life.


I done been around some shit. Nah bro. Like even You know it's crazy. Even when he hit that lady bro. Like I know we be talking about her but nobody gave a fuck bro. That stone cold bitch get up. Hey he Hit that corner so hard smack. He looked over, he is like, where the beers at? And I was like oh that's the vibe. And people was cool with him just coming out. What did he, what did he announce? Like Just the attendance for the Night? Yeah like people was okay with it. Yeah I was in line buying a sweatshirt. Look at me fanned out. I was in line buying a sweatshirt and when the li like when the g the glass broke for him to come out. Nigga everybody that was in line ahead of me left like nigga I swear to God like oh shit, fuck all the sweaters they wanted all that shit.


They left. I walked up nigga and got my shit. Niggas is running and everything. One dude hit the lady, she was holding a pretzel, she kept that pretzel alive. That shit didn't touch the ground or nothing. And I helped her up. I said bro, stone cold too legit for me bro. I walked, I came like a little later and y'all he was about to leave. I was just like, that shit is crazy. Yeah bro. Yeah bro that theme used to dropped. Niggas acting like it was Black Friday opening. I swear to God people lost their mind for that lady to get trucked and hold her pretzel. She should be the verified bucket. She the vibes she held on that pretzel for dear life. It was probably $22. I feel her facts Just walking down, seeing all them people going crazy bro. I was like this is unreal bro. And this is wrestling but of poor me and Malcolm was sitting, it wasn't a lot of commotion like it was a few people with binoculars.


Yeah. But other than that it was, it was cool. Like it wasn't no trampoline over each other. Nobody got hype. I mean it was great. Yeah. And whatnot. Like we didn't have space to run because we was so tight up. Oh yeah. Nah, I y'all wasn't running up there. Oh I was At the concession area. Yeah. Off, off on the floor. I was saying we were all pretty hot. Oh. Oh my mom. Y'all were hot. Yeah he out of pocket seats were Wonderful seats. I'm listening to him tell this weak ass story talking about binoculars nigga on my soul y'all was not that far. We were, y'all didn't look out it and Nigga that a piece of go on the floor Didn't Seats right by the studio ain't go Sunday. They were on the floor. We Didn't. We didn't. Oh okay. On me Y had seat. That's cool though.


Y'all don't Disrespect the plug. I called, I called on tv, I called my nephew and I said why y'all sitting over there? He said we got better seats with Jamie. I Said hold on, where the fuck y'all at? He like, we about an entrance. I said how y'all get there? He like, we came with Jamie The entrance like oh I didn't hear about that. No nigga the entrance to the ramp nigga. Yeah. Alright y'all continue. I'm sorry. Wow. Niggas Had prime real estate trying to play. See that's that. That niggas Nigga tell us that's crazy Sean. Malcolm, Malcolm gonna tell That's crazy. Shout out to Jamie though man. We appreciate that. The funny thing is always static. That was that happened the whole weekend. B here happened to witness that putting people fighting in the lobby Bro.


That's why I'm like yeah Jeff. Right bro. Like ain't nothing like this shit bro. Nah nah. Some man fighting bro. The nigga slammed him bro. He called you are not fucking roaming Rain timem roaming rains bro. And punched the hell out this nigga. I said bro this is, this is nuts bro. So that nigga you don't even have on the gear. What the fuck this shit life is hell but everybody just nigga start climbing Right. I say yeah bro got it. Hey if somebody's filling me and nigga start clapping now I'm Losing it. I couldn't. I'm like yeah this is, this is different that that shit's bigger than the Super Bowl y'all. That's funny 'cause you don't even fuck with jerseys but you support them in four costume and wwe.


Oh Yeah I wa I was with it 'cause I'm like for y'all to go all out and to know what y'all was telling me the analytics on how people spend the money. Yeah man. Like just for that bro. That's a different type of, I don't know, different type of fan out type shit. Yeah man. Crazy weekend. 'cause before that we was at the CH bus found out that somebody named they baby after Fatigue. Yeah. Comic is going crazy. That was hilarious man. Yeah that was funny as hell. I mean I appreciate that. Shout out to that family. Yes sir. That show Mad Love. That was crazy Experiences. I hear somebody say they named they kid after you. It is like that is wild. Damn. Like when you think about it it's like damn I did enough on a basketball court for somebody to be impressed with my skills to be like ain't my kid after that nigga.


Yeah. I'm like That's far. Yeah you like damn I wasn't that bad. I Must have been. I was cool then for at some point I was all right. So now that was a humbling experience right there. That's how though. 'cause in most of the situations when you find out somebody named that kid after you, that is a bad call. That's how niggas was. They said we got on that bang bus nigga Ma was sitting right there. You are The father said oh she's Spanish. No I was just like alright in 10 years we see that little nigga ducking. We gonna know something.


I got you all jokes joking not his. See that nigga dunking with a fitted on we gonna do So that's crazy with Afin is out of pocket. Listen, it's a couple different places we can go here, let you outside. We matter of fact, I think we need a drink before we start the press. This episode we about talk about Kanye. Oh Ain't Ready. Oh wow. Barbie ready. That's crazy. Who? Kanye. Kanye. That's why it took me back. Barbie. Are you ready Kanye Wild Nigga Boy she ain't ready. We'll take that as a no She said no. Well we'll call her back. Y'all know she a part of the show.


It's slow For Sure. We'll get pull up soon. Sinners. I know. Be here on Rock with the the movies. No do your thing. Do your thing. You pull up. Have you pulled up your mic? I ain't seen it yet. You gotta go see it. I want to. Yeah. Cis is one of the dopest movies I've seen a very long time and I am a Michael B. Jordan hater for sure. That's probably the best role I've ever seen him. He went crazy. My only issue that everybody's is so hype about it. I feel like it's gonna let me down it. You're gonna be entertained bro. It's nothing to really do. It's gonna upset you about it bro. Nah, it's a good cinema. It's a cool, it's a cool movie. He be Looking for a reason to hate it. Don't like when you exactly It take a minute to get to the point why It does it take A minute to get to the point of the movie you like what the fuck bro?


It's about an hour before it kind of makes sense but in that hour you're entertained. It's a really good move. Alright lemme check it out. You see it on IMAX or y'all Saw I'm gonna see it on IMAX this weekend? I saw it at regular Deckler. 'cause You know saying we had to go to Wrestlemania so I just went to the joint. It took like 30 minutes for me to get entertained. Like the beginning I was just kinda like alright man, What was the best part of the movie? I mean I ain't seen it. I don't wanna tell You. Oh You know I'm never gonna go see it. Spoiler alert. Spoiler alert. If you haven't seen it, this is the time for you Been a long enough for everybody to see it. Days I just try to show up man. Four days. It's been out a week. Friday, Friday carry the one. Fuck it. The best part about it for me is when they started like having direct dialogue When with the vampires.


Like when they started like going back and forth for real. Them trying to get into the bar and shit. That's when the movie got like super, super dope. Yeah, that's when it got cool. Yeah. Del Roy went crazy. LeBron Legend, your father, Hey he went crazy. That's probably one of the best. He he should win some awards for that shit. Nah, that was a cool movie. Breaking Records. It's gonna be funny 'cause like all the stuff that's going on in the world now where like dudes dating white women. It's gonna be very funny. Oh yeah that well that amongst other things. But that movie in particular, like if you watch Sinners, I'm pretty sure the internet probably gonna relate. See like what like I'm, yeah it's a lot of underlying issues in the movie.


It's really dope. But they definitely, boy if you are a black man dating a fair-skinned woman, white woman. Yeah. You definitely got some text that people saw that movie. Yeah. It's interesting. Oh Jesus. Nothing bad. It's a dope ass movie. Yeah. You see like I like the business behind it though because I know they didn't really believe too much in the movie. So he has rights for that movie after 25 years. You know, it's not the first time it's been done, but for that movie to be as successful as it is, like when, so it's like 60 million open a weekend. It took 90 to make. Yeah he's about to have an empire off that. That's dope. That Shout Michael B. That's the best movie outta seen so far this year To me. Yeah. As far as being entertained, I was entertained the entire time because Y'all movie boy.


So Yeah I I mean it ain't really been no good movies this year. Nah, it's, yeah, the short, I told you Bustle Beach, whatever that shit was called Piss me Off. I'm gonna stop going to the movies of that shit. I ain't gonna hold you. I know that Jonathan Majors was supposed to be in this movie and You know I'm all about niggas getting bags, but I am not upset that he was not this movie. Michael B. Jordan did a good job. Oh he was supposed to be Michael B. Jordan. He was supposed to be, they was supposed to beat them two instead of Michael B. Jordan two times. Oh. So the way that Net nigga be acting in that movie, I would've been tight from the play games all the way to the finals.


Now is the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase score. Ready to place your first bet. Download Draftking Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus. Best instantly make it a playoff run. To remember a DraftKings, download the Draft King Sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio.


Did You know that one man every hour every day is diagnosed with testicular cancer. In fact, it's the most common formative cancer amongst men's ages 15 to 35. April's National Testicular Cancer Awareness Month. Which is why I wanted to take a second to talk about men's health issues that are very, very important to me. With men's health and hygiene in mind. Manscape has partnered with the Testicular Cancer Society and majors in registered 5 0 1 C3 nonprofit organization. Manscape is putting in action behind their words $50,000 to help save lives and go into the Testicular Cancer Society to promote routine self checks. Manscape just dropped a dope special edition bundle that helps support an amazing cause. The TCS Ball hero bundle includes a lawnmower 5.0 ultra TCS special edition and a specialist in TCS Boxers 2.0. So listen, join the game man. Over 12 million men have tapped in already with Manscape and use that Code Club five 20 for 20% off and free shipping@manscape.com. This is very special to me 'cause I know someone who has unfortunately suffered from testicular cancer. So raising awareness to help people find it early. And the reason why he's still around today is because it was luckily detected early. So it means a whole lot. Manscape is doing something that's helping people, especially men. Right now. First up in the bundle we have the special dish in TCS lawnmower 5.0 Ultra rocking, a brand new purple designer outer for testicular cancer awareness. And trust me the tremor is super dope. Also, including this bundle, the TCS Lineer 5.0 ultra, which also features a constant RPM motor. Once you're done grooming, you deserve to feel comfortable. That's where a special dish in TCS Boxer 2.0 comes in with its brand new purple camo look. And the best part about order to Manscape TCS Bar hero bundle is to help raise awareness for testicular cancer. Every purchase helps spread a life-saving message. But hurry, You know, a special edition. This bundle won't be around long. And make sure you tap in, get that 20% off and free shipping with that promo code club five twenty@medscape.com. Visit medscape.com/tcs to learn more about how you can check yourself, make a donation, and also follow at TCS society today to save lives and balls.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year round peace of mind when it comes to their Their vet care.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, listen To the forties and free agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yeah, now he would've been fine with the dress code 'cause he already dressed like he in the fucking prohibition. But if he'd have been doing that other role and became one of them, oh that would've pissed me off. Hey, I'd still be laughing at that. Me but that nigga dancing at that party. That niggas off that cane. Man. Hey, when he broke up that fight and did this shit, man that should have jumped him. Why Whatcha doing bro? Him messing at hard sweat like that at that party and talk to you man. Yeah, he, he not one of mine. I, he's down on the list of my favorite actors man. I ain't hat him but feel bad. I'll be like damn, what's up? I see him bla this shit bro. But like yeah all jokes is high. He's a very talented actor. Like I, I hate the fact that that Marvel situation shook out the way it did.


'cause he was really about to go crazy. He was, he was firing cre. That was fire. It was firing cre. Yeah, Lovecraft Country. He was super firing that too. Like he's a really good actor. That's why all the stuff come back last row. I ain't fuck with that now. That one movie you just said. I didn't go see that movie. I was nothing. Don't ever go see it. Yeah, I, I'm, I'm asleep on that performance. Don't ever see that shit. But he did his thing bro. He got some great roles for sure. Man, he's very respect that That's really tight that y'all niggas be going to the movies and really be tapped in. That's hard. Yeah it is. Even like with the Ron Cooper shit like that shit is art bro. Like the way that that shit looks, the angles like even the IMAX shit like that shit is fire. Like you could tell that's like attention to tail to a t. Oh The hard they fall. I like the movie too.


Yeah Har they fall solid. Which one is that? It's the, the Western movie? Yeah, that, that movie's very solid. Yeah, that's what I'm saying bro. His his its album. Nah, I ain't gonna see that shit. That one. That one solid. Yeah bro, he's legit bro. Jonathan Mad is one of them. You know he just had some shit he was going through but You know what I'm saying? Hope we bounced back. We'll see something. Yeah I heard something in motherfucker Song. The Rose Barbie over there. Ah, that's not what we mix some drinks up with is it? Fuck got that lip on it. It'll mix that drink up real Good. I I, I one know the ingredients today actually I'm gonna have a bottle of water. Put that that mix and shake Stop no free promotions.


Yeah for sure. Y'all crazy man. Say the bread of the rose. How you talking? Let's move on. That's crazy. Did y'all see Melo? He was talking about K cut him. He was at the game obviously. You know what I'm saying? He did a fast break Dunking point at him. He was just like, I like to get in jail with him in the off season. I like, I like to be a mentor for him and I think that's super dope. That'd be cool. He's like I see so many places or I see so many things in his offense he could expand upon. He is like, I just wanna know what I'm saying, show love. I think that'd be dope to see that happen. I think it's cool when superstar players wanna give You know, credit and show love.


Is That Tripping Malcolm? What is that? He cutting his hair nigga you doing. Go ahead Barbie come up. What's up? He called you five times Something. I know what you doing man. Ain't nobody's birthday. Yeah We what you doing Manscape? Okay man I thought that nigga was doing manscape. I don't apples all that Rose Barbie girl. Yeah maybe we Might have drinks tonight. I take, I'm not gonna, She got a fucking oven MIT on it was drinking. Okay, what we got?


What's This? Fade away. Okay. The fade away. So smoke with peach if y'all taste Smoke peach. I can smell it. Mike is on camera play with So did you have A bacon? That sound? That sound just it. So I remember one night letting in bed. I heard that motherfucker like the undertake right now. Girl. Yeah you gotta touch me. You know Usually you laying down with your girl. She grab your beat one down.


Keep me with the original baby like a cigar. Hey This is good. I old fashion. I like smoke old fashion. No it's good. I like it In Fuck y'all. Okay. No, no Smoking.


Oh my god. Lemme let Oh man this motherfucker Likes The, it's crazy water. No y'all never like when you smoke it, when you didn't smoke, when you smoke in car You as some water or something like that accidentally. Oh no you never did that. No ma'am. You Boy no ma'am. This is the most ignorant show. Hot boxing in America. What do you, what's in that motherfucker bar don't even matter that you, you was over there cooking my fucking drink.


Fry my dream. We smell as shit. Nigga getting nervous. Burn down. I thought so. We don't have insurance. Who here trying to acquire this building? Wanna get for free Now What, what was in the drink? Peach wood. Peach wood. I'll Make you Another one. No, don't worry about it. You fling girl. You supposed to throw the peach wood chips in the charcoal for the grill. My man. Nah, this motherfucker drink. Oh my god. Struggling to do this Shit. Oh Malcolm, you were part of this as well. Sorry. Oh okay. I'm like okay. Yeah that motherfucker tastes like a tree house.


Been she been good though? We've been on the road for a little bit. Yeah. Y'all have? Yeah man, we did shout out to Vegas. What you do this weekend? Cook? Because y'all was talking about me so I had to cook for the family. What You cook? Oh you made Easter dinner? Me out. What's the menu? Okay. Oh no you got that Sound like a quality meal. Be the whole chicken with gravy. It is given MCL You're not fucking But nobody wanted eat.


I told you can't make him. Nah. Respect, that's that's yeah. No I'm sure it's probably good though. I, I just, I probably need it. Is your yams like heavy protein sweet and sweet yams or your shit? Okay. You cook your yams on top of the stove and the oven. Oh okay, okay. Little sizzle. I'll fuck with that little Sizzle. You gotta, you gotta get the dessert bag though. You gotta seal the deal. That's fair. How you make your gravy? I the dripping from the chicken. Okay, well, well Probably good.


We need y'all to get in the kitchen together. We need that content. We need beer Flo a little or a little seasoning. Okay. And you just, yeah, you rule it up. You feel me? Then you drop your meat in there. But you made a whole chicken. I ain't never made a whole thing before. Yeah, but respect, You know, shout out to your dish. Hopefully the family enjoyed it. How many people had to eat? Oh okay. Oh damn. Your mom got 10 kids. Six out to mom Duke. I was Mom where you follow line at? Oh you the oldest. Damn. You the oldest. Damn all brothers. Oh yeah. You got responsibilities? Nah nigga, she good.


Yeah you probably be a stu. I I I'm a girly girl but I don't know. She said I damned near was. I was like oh I oh shit. Close. Can't say that Toast. What kind would you be if, what's Bridget Man, where's that?


That A b money dicking is crazy. I wanted to ask y'all question. Especially when you bang Smoking that Ugg. That's crazy. I've seen one of them at heard Sagging being pregnant. Sa Respectfully Shout out to love who you wanna love but being pregnant sagging is crazy. That's nuts Real. Are you googling That? I seen one of them at Walmart. Man, that's that's crazy. We in some crazy times. She said with her witch she outta pocket bro. I wanna ask y'all this question. I was like that look like somebody we know there.


Why saying from Patreon, how do y'all, if y'all function, if somebody's giving y'all food, y'all at the family dinner and the food ain't good, how do y'all get rid of the plate Or do y'all like just eat it all y'all just like how do y'all get out the way of eating that food? You see how I just did that drink same way I do that plate not my fault. That's why I make my own play dj. Okay. I tell them straight up. That's shit weak. Basically if I'm at my mama house I be, who made that? Oh you, I'm be like That motherfucker too grown. She Made it. Oh yeah. Point people out. My mama do. She like, she made that one like that's weak. Oh You got that type of family. My family ain't calling nobody out. Yeah, send text though.


Yeah, Yeah. Send text. We My mama. She she'll snitch on you. Yeah. Motherfucker got from the macaroni to the silverware at my house. Ooh, that's a demotion. You went from the most important to just give what you can. Oh Yeah. So damn that's crazy. You call motherfuckers out that Ah, because I always ask my mama 'cause before I eat something I'll be like, who made that? My mama gonna be like your sister made them. She made that. She made it. So I just as soon as this week I like that shit trash. Am I lying? That's crazy bro. I get to wash it off the family but I can't call my auntie shit trash from her face like that. Oh these weed. Who made them greens?


Mama. She be like I had got 'em from this lady that do wheat. She'd be like they what? Oh my lord. Everybody else said they was okay. Nah them we barbie What you do? You know Tell 'em they need to know what Like you wouldn't be wrong if I ain't tell you this drink was mid. I Want people to tell You the truth. Yeah, you'll be keep making that. I feel Like the drink is good. It's that hillbilly ass aftertaste that I just Game bad. I swear to God That shit is it is the apple taste.


It is. Let me try one more time Because the drink is fire to me. It's no drink is fire on everything That drink good. I can't. So what hit you? It vulnerable. Hey nigga drinking like he had covid. How can You like tell the people just in case niggas like, like dj? How did you make that though? Like what made you I don't understand how we got the wood taste. Gotta smoke it. Most people Get like smoked old fashioned but it's, it's Gonna taste shit. Oh Okay. Yeah that's a taste boy taste. I like smoke old. Yeah, that's what I about ask you. That's your shit. Yeah. Make Mike turn a little buzz around man I'm working out right now so. Oh nigga I hate this. This Nigga was make him wanna put a couple cherries in that motherfucker The cherry.


So come in though. Yeah I'm gonna cool. I Vibrate. Oh Lord. It has to a better name than that. Mike grabbed That motherfucker fast. He put it next to you. He It's go perfectly. My ankle. No it over my head. Yeah. Be hitting over my head. I'm gutted for everybody. You snitched on me bad on the morning show motherfucker. That was funny. That was was fucking hilarious. Fed this nigga fed. Oh man. Barb we appreciate you. Course hey make Mike one of them. Yeah, I'll try Bring my smoker back. One of them fucking and I thought it was, You know what this go perfect with the movie center.


I haven't seen It. Shit. Yeah they was stuck in a barn or some shit and it burnt down. It did burn down. Oh man, this podcast is fucking ridiculous and I love it. So I mean we got a couple places we can go right now. Go to Kanye. We gonna Kanye. Yeah. I don't want to hear from Kanye West every game. Me either. I, I don gay wild out. He been wild out. But that's kind of, that's kind of far bro. Bro. Yesterday he said if I tell if I'm gay can I use the F word? I said yeah this you're outta here bro. Yeah he you're just, you just doing shit now bro.


He long gone. Yeah. Ain't about you. If you can you going say it. Yeah. Ain't need ass bro. The shit you said is kind of out of pocket like, Like he's going through full lifts to get attention. He's saying all the rage bait stuff that's getting people to bite. But it's just like, it's sad to see nobody care no more though. It's sad to see man, I was just wondering do that, do y'all like still enjoy his music? Like after hearing some of this? Yes. Or do y'all be like Nah, I played my beautiful dark, twisted, fancy last week. I separate the people from the music. Everybody picks and chooses with certain people. It's a lot of unsavory people and every place. But we still like that music. Niggas still listen to R Kelly. Yeah. Yeah. I, I just, I don't, I've never got caught up in the celebrities. I've been telling y'all that long before we even you have. You've always said that. Yeah. Before we even got popping on here I don't, I don't do that shit 'cause I don't know these niggas bro.


So the music is just, I'll leave it there and it is what it is because you'll be surprised that somebody that you idolize or anything what they really do behind closed doors, it'll probably fuck you up. For real. And I feel like our generation of music is catching really all the smoke from all these artists. I don't feel like my mama or y'all mama went through shit like that with they favorite artists or even the kids today. They ain't even really going through that shit. Shit because Pat LaBelle and them on tour right now. Yeah. I ain't never heard nothing about Pat label Smokey Robinson on that motherfucker nigga going through it. I seen a nigga walking across the station by see that's when you your pants around your ankles. That's what I Put on Twitter. That was my twe nigga That shit funny when you Lock. She said no lock the door.


Yeah But man the crazy part is you look at Autumn docuseries about them old roots, the temptation Autumn niggas had real life demons. It's just they didn't have social media or like they had visibility. Yeah. Yeah bro. If they had Instagram for them niggas bro for David Ruffin been a lot of cocaine. Come on bro. Even with the Bobby Brown stuff, I just watched the Shannon Sharp interview like the stuff that Bobby Brown and was doing bro. If they had IG bro it would've been crazy. 50 million in a day. Come on bro. Feel like the Temptations movies and stuff like that, they was wowing bro. But they was more just drugs and cokehead bro. You really never heard about them niggas really dealing with no minors and shit like That. I mean if you go look at the history of music, all of them dealt with minors.


Like even back to Elvis Presley. Yeah, I mean Elvis, I never, I wasn't tapped into Elvis. I know he Even all them entertainers like they was Mike. No, no Smart on Mike. No. Diana Ross was dealing with him. Diana touched Mike. Okay. I ain't gonna say touched him but But see what I'm saying? Like It was basic. I Didn't say they did or didn't do nothing. I'm just saying it was Real alleged. It was alleged. Alleged alleged. No, Michael Jackson slander will survive on this podcast. I ain't never saying nothing about Michael Jackson again. Yeah, I mean I shout out to Michael Jackson bro. But yeah, it's just different times. Yeah bro. But there was like you said, it's a lot of questionable shit that happened. Yeah. Let me just didn't have social media. Nobody really cared. Yeah. Like we talked about like what we was talking about the other day when you could be with your, your grandpa could have two families and shit and they could be down the street from each other.


Yeah. With social media you can't have that. Like I said, I, I really know of a situation like that but my family watches pause so we gonna leave that alone. But Respect, shout to all That's some real shit though. Yeah. Yeah. But Like the family still like everybody kicked it and it was just, I got some cousins like that. It still confuses me to this day. How? How you my cousin are they like our first cousins? Oh I know why we cousins. I know my granddady did. I'm just like my grandpa plunged your grandma so Teach you. Huh? Crazy. So When you look, look back, you look at something like the timelines of your family, you be like that math ain't math somebody.


What's wilding right here? But let that shit Go. You can't do that shit. You can do it now. It's just It bro. You don't get tore up on Facebook or social media for about a week or two. Yeah then it'd be cool. Well them Facebook streaks is wicked. Boy that's a separate jab screen you don't wanna be on. I wonder why people do that though. Like why do everybody take everything to social media? Like why do you take like your problems or something that's going wrong with you to social media? Like Yeah Because they can, that's weird to me. Yeah they can't, they make, they're gonna make fun of you. Yeah. Nobody cares about this. Yeah like but literally like true especially black people. We take, everything is a joke. I'm black people, I think everything's a joke. So yeah, if somebody take their most important detailed life I might laugh at like fool.


It just depends on What you ask. You got, you got pregnant at Popeye's like I'm going I the chicken was really I'm be, somebody's gonna make a joke but If your kid miss it, you might put that bitch on Instagram. Well hey man help me find this little that makes sense. Yeah. Shit like that that serves A purpose but you finding out that the kid ain't yours. I wanted to ask y this, it's a clip and this dude, he said well I used to be a daddy and dude was like how did you used to be a daddy? He said well I was with to girl and she was pregnant and my mama told me I couldn't leave her to like be a nigga, you gonna take care of these baby he find they yours or not. It was during Covid so You know all the court stuff couldn't go do nothing. He had to wait through that whole process and then he found out the kids wasn't his but he was like I ain't dating no more. I Got a good question for y'all. So what if y'all found out the kid wasn't y'all's at 18 years old, We locked in.


You my nigga, I did my part. You just Always me some money. Nah I need that backpack. You Owe me a lot of money but I need that backpack. You my kid bro. I don't write you. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. What about six If I was on child support too, I'm coming get that. Oh yeah I need my Money back. But now what if you with the girl? What you Mean if you're with the girl you find out the kid wasn't yours and the kid is 18. Oh Dude we're not together anymore. You my nigga and I don't know her. Yeah, you still locked in with the kid? Yeah bro. Don't raised you bro. Yeah, no you out. I ain't raised you bro. You my son 18 years bro. 16 years. 18 years. You just got elementary school bro. Your whole life you have a full life. Yeah You just, you just got outta q you'll forgive me Something. Yeah bro, I'm, I'm not really your nigga like this, you'll Forgive me so crazy.


Yeah on me. I ain't locked in no more With the kid. The 18. No bro you grown anyway. Fuck him. Go find him. Yeah you might gonna find your pops nigga because y'all know you gonna need something new from that When you about graduate college you ain't gonna be for me. Damn. If you ain't going to college, I know you gonna try to figure out to get a job. I Definitely call your daddy but Is crazy too. Now we gonna adventure talk. Hey nigga, define your lineage. For real. Yeah we posted It on Instagram. We gotta Find him and that's where niggas go wrong. I just found out this might be Easier to find him that way. See what I'm saying?


It might be easier to find him. So y'all slide that six sticks you can figure the rest of your life out. Yeah you're at 18 I Two. Y'all gonna stay but Mike is gonna say I'm gonna help you find a dad. Yeah. Thank you so much Jeff is I'm out regardless. Yeah, no open house or nothing. I'm outta there. One baby ice. Yeah I think at six U. Yeah I'm skating bro. 8 6 18 12 24 32. Yeah that'd be good if I found out at 32. Nigga I'm nigga go home nigga. He'd be like Dad I'll be coming over here. Don't call me that. You gonna correct him. Don't call, don't call me. That 32 years is wild.


Don't call me that bro. Nigga my name is DJ now after 32 years bro don't call me that. You damn near outta here bro. Enjoy your son bro. That ain't my son bro because it ain't, that's your Foster kid Bro. I I'll raise you bro. I'm Actually dang upset I raised kid that I'm upset. Yeah because if I would be mad if I like thought that was my kid for 32 years now I really ain't got a kid. Yeah, yeah. I'll be hurt more or like so I don't even wanna see you bro because you reminded me of the failure. I was yeah I didn't win the battle. Some other nigga shot first and won. Hey top up about to walk in like the grand son nigga ain't spend no he just got a and then You know how niggas is, they gonna really go find they real daddy then he ain't had to do nothing for 32 years and they gonna rekindle their relationship and he just gonna be the coolest.


They gonna have the best relationship in the world. And you done drove me crazy for 18 years. Fuck you. Oh that now depend on type of kid. If you got one of them kids. Yeah. Ooh Like what about this nigga in and out of juvenile some shit like you was bad as hell. You had to get lawyers and all type of shit. That'll Hurt. That'll hurt. You Gonna like wasn't them knew you ain't have my gene doing that. Crazy as Shit. See women don't get criticized enough of that bro because that happens a lot bro. I be shit. Niggas find out that them kids ain't there every day bro. That is True. Every day. Shout Some more People have built franchises off things based upon these events. I think my cutoff is like eighth grade. Oh yeah. By that time bro we, Oh no I'm saying I'm out.


You out. Yeah. Okay. Seven eighth, 18, 12, sixth grade. 14, 15, sixth. Nigga you still take naps in school, you'll forgive me. Nah, nah. Real shit though. I couldn't do that. Yeah it's tough. I ain't even trying to be funny. I I 'cause I know what kids put you through like for 18 years and to find out it wouldn't he? I ain't saying shit. Nah, I'll be shitty though. Oh yeah, you'll be on fire. Yeah I ain't gonna hold you when I meet Pop. Hey nigga Sue see me in court. You old nigga you owe you not about to just stop to be daddy nigga. I ain't even mad at You though. I'm mad at her.


Yeah like she owe me. She The problem. Yeah. Oh no, no owe if You know I, I can't be mad at him but we was together like I ain't gonna be mad 'cause I mean I ain't gonna sue you. We was together but like I'm saying you had me on child support and like we wasn't together. We was separated and I was coming pick. Oh that's different. Oh yeah. Oh that's that's way Live. Yeah like we was like together and I found out I'm just gonna leave you alone little nigga you gone too. I'm move to Miami. It's all good. Everybody get out the house. I'm selling this thing. Don't worry about it. I ain't gonna say nothing to y'all. I ain't gonna say nothing to y'all family soon. Go find out. I just disappeared. Yeah. I'm just gonna move on with my life. But if I was paying child support for 18 years and we wasn't together, I had to go pick him up and I probably was arguing with your mom about some shit.


Drama and everything. Yeah. Ooh, PT o to get your sick ass from school. That's a Different side. I ain't mad at that. Yeah I'll be shitty then. I ain't mad at that. Yeah, You played in my face for 18 years. You got me fucked up. Yeah, I'll be shitty then because It is no way. A woman ain't looking at you like how do I tell him? Nah because if his daddy ain't shit this nigga take, we about to leave this big ass house. Nah, He do look a little bit like Henry but Henry ain't got this duplex. Lemme Go on cut that rose on. Y'all crazy man. Hey you see Jim for that retired? Yeah. Shout to Jim man. Gregory Greer man. Oh I didn't know he was still hooping. Yeah man he was playing overseas. He just played in Olympics three on three. Shit. Dope. He's one of the people we talk about.


He would've been an NIL guy. Oh Lord man BYU would've gave him 10 million year. What? You see what that gave AJ for him But Jimmer was on boy he would've never went to the league bro. He would've been in there killing for four years. I won't be surprised if we see Jimma working at BYU. That'd be far. Aing GM doing something like that. I won't be surprised. Nah, that's dope. He had a hell of a career then because shit Jimma. Fredette been playing basketball a long time then I thought he'd been, Jim Fredette came in the league at the wrong time if he was five years later because he Peyton Pritchard. Damn. Yep. He would've been Peyton Pritchard. He could shoot the lightest, he could shoot the ball like a motherfucker at handles. But he came in the league at a time where you had a dude, you couldn't just be a shooter at that size, he was just gonna be a shooter.


You had to be at least six seven. Damn. Yeah, he was far off from That. I mean think about it, all the shooters, that's true. But JJ Reddick was six, five, Kyle, Kyle seven. Yeah. All those shit. Pedro was tall as shit. Yeah Novak, all these dudes are just shooters. You couldn't be a point guard like that and just be able to shoot, you gotta be able to do a bunch of shit. Yeah because even Mike Miller six, eight because he Wasn't no facilitator for real by know means. Damn that's true. His college mix tape is so elite. Oh that cr, he got one of the deadliest crossovers bro. Bro. Boom. Boom. Pull up to the pull up three. Shout to him man. Congratulations man. Shout to Jim for that man. One of the coach ever dude in college for sure. I don't know if you've seen this team, but I know you saw this Jeremy Lamb.


We need Jeremy Lamb with more podcasts because he is out here saying stuff people probably shouldn't hear, but we love it Anyway, he got there and said, Kevin Martin used to look at the game, be like, oh, I ain't gonna have too many points tonight. I don't know what play he was trying to set in this situation, but we about to hear a response from Kevin Martin. Man. Nah, Kevin Martin used to say he didn't wanna be the all-star. Yeah. So he would. If I got too many points, I'm gonna chill out. He wanna make the All Star team. Yeah, He said he wanted that from Lamb. He said he wanted that time to be spent with himself, You know what I mean? And his family. So, I mean I understand that, but It's a hell of a way to say it. I don't, I don't know man. Y'all know how I feel about the NBA. It is what it is, but shit that I just wanna get paid bro.


Basically. I don't want all the extra shit. He wasn't Limelight type of guy anyway. Nah.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free with Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the post-season And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So As draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and free agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


But the way that he said it sounds crazy because that's like if Terry Rose came about right now, said, You know what? I don't wanna make all star team. Nah, I'm just having my steps right here. Sound like you shaving nigga. That's kind of wild. I'm not shaving, I just don't wanna play no more. Yeah, Because niggas sit out and they don't be hurt. They have fake injuries too Shy. No, but if you really go watch Kevin Martin play, that nigga scored 20 points in the first quarter and then wasn't scored. He had scored like two the rest of the game. He used to be crazy. He scored all his points in the first quarter. That's wild bro. And he was a fucking bucket. Yeah. Like Kevin Martin was cold. That's 'cause people used to always say he had empty stats 'cause they'd be like, oh he only killed at the beginning of the game.


Like he, he's non-existent in the fourth. People used to say that all the time. Yeah, because They was losing like a motherfucker. Yeah, he was in some sad locations. Unfortunately. Yeah, they like, he non-existent in the fourth but he averaged 20 points a game and it used to be all like he had legit, he would average like eight or nine points in the first quarter. That is crazy bro. It was all the first, like you said, the first quarter, first half. But for you, he's a special talent and that jump shot was ugly than a motherfucker. That Shit was one of the weakest looking jump shots I ever seen. That shit was Cash. Cash fucking money efficient as hell. Paul's got that shit off on anybody around like Did he make all sorts him at least Once? I don't even know if he made Don think did. Okay. I know he averaged 20. What's he, what was his like career high point per guy?


Career high Like Yeah, 24. What did he average like 24.6? Yeah I figured it was like 24 with the Kings. What year is that? If you don't mind me asking? Oh eight. Damn. Average that in oh eight bro. You killing him bro. He was killing us. He Played for Minnesota too, right? Yeah, Minnesota, Sacramento. Yeah. Yeah. You know a couple spots. Okay, see, okay, see yeah, he was part of trade. Nah, shout to Kmart. Kmart Coleman? Yeah, Jeremy Lamb, the real gm, the Sacramento Kings. We need more of him bro. He's hilarious. I want, yeah, he probably got so much shit to talk about. Like he got a crazy, crazy career bro.


Like for real, for real. Him OKC days, he was really special. Yeah, man. Jeremy Lin and in college as well. Killed at Yukon. Yeah, killed at Yukon. His career. How was 50? Kevin Moore. Oh no he, Kevin was a fucking bucket. 50 48, 48, 45, 45, 43. 40 40, 40 40, 40, 40. He was a bucket. Yeah, my boy got to it for sure. This will, oh this comes out tomorrow. So yeah, today will be the draft and this comes out, shout to Travis on her pops, he got allowed to come, You know what I'm saying? Celebrate his son getting drafted. Now he's going through some legal issues but they, they found a way to make that happen. I think that's super dope. As much as we talk about the tragedies and every time it's a draft they talk about how absent people are there, the worst shit ever.


It is dope for him to have a good story man. He's a hell of a player and they get to have that time together. It's dope as fuck man. Yeah, that's smooth man. Congratulations to their family bro. Yeah, that's, this is a, this is a dope draft though. Fast. I wanna see how that boy do. Nah, I like O boy from Miami Can't work. Yeah, I wanna see how he do in the NFL. He'll probably be a Titan. That's what, as soon it's supposed to happen. I really want to see what happens with Shado for sure because I've been putting a lot of s smart on his name last couple of days. You know what time it is. You know teams who are interested might even put out a smear campaign just to get you at a lower spot. I'm really interested to see where he goes tomorrow. Well, today, excuse me. Well I think he gonna be all right. They probably done kind of got it to where he's gonna go where he wanna go.


Do y'all think y'all think he that good? I think he's good enough in this draft to be a fresh round pick for sure. I think so. I hope so. I mean that'd be good for the Sanders family. I mean he goes second round man that's a, that's gonna be tough man. He go second round that, that's tough. Not to say that he can't go be productive from the second round 'cause You know we just won from the second round goes to the me but the swag is, is turned down. You know what I mean? You going, you gotta turn the swag down just a tad bit. Don't humble him man. I don't like that. Don't try humble him. I don't like that man. I ain't gonna lie. Sometimes people need a little humbling though. It it like it might put a chip on his shoulder. I mean I'm not saying he don't, 'cause I mean people already doubt him and stuff so he might be going to NFL thinking like oh they don't think I can do it.


He might have a chip on his shoulder. But if you get picked in that second round, yeah You don't think it's gonna be no more. You can't Especially, I mean Kenmore goes one that's cool if another quarterback goes ahead of him in that first round. But I mean honestly it's probably a couple more quarterbacks out there that we don't really speak on naturally that are Yep. Possible that the scouts really see, You know what I'm saying? It might be a of a late bloomer that went to a low key school that go above him. I just think him going second round is a little wicked. Yeah, I don't like that. He should be a fresh round pick. He's, he's did enough to be a fresh round pick. Well I've seen teams take chances on lesser accomplished players and lesser Yeah That's all I'm saying.


Skill players than him. Shout out to Daniel Jones. I'm cool with come on man. Going above him but him slipping all the way. Nah, I see the rumors. Him going to possibly Pittsburgh low end first round that'd be fire. The thing about it they had, they ain't picked Lamar to the third last pick of the first round. Come on. It ain't nothing. You couldn't say he ain't doing college like that's a fact bro. Oh Absolutely. Hy his stat is way better than Shado One of the best college quarterbacks of all time. Lamar Jackson is like that and they was questioning his game like they thought that made to go be a fucking rule under back and go be a wide receiver. That's crazy. He one in a million though. He is. He is one of the best. Yeah, Yeah, yeah that's, that's a, to Hear Belichick say damn we should have got Lamar that's crazy like that.


Now he's in college like damn. Yeah we pushed got him. Yeah. Yeah. Why he fucking shoulda have take La Lamar, Lamar wasn't where he supposed to go In a great situation. Yeah, I mean he fit Baltimore like, Like yeah that nigga went where he supposed to go. But like you said in the draft, You know what I'm saying? Obviously you wouldn't be fresh round but if you get where you supposed to go, none that shit matters. You can go bro, you can go hoop or I should say you can go kill on the field or whatever, you get the opportunity but it just to turn the swag gun a little bit. Yeah. I'm more excited to see Travis. Yeah I think, I wonder if they really gonna let him play both sides of the ball like he want to. I know everybody's saying it's hard but I think he really wanna go for it.


Impossible bro. Yeah and I'm not saying he not talented enough to do it. Like he might get to play a couple plays here, whatever his primary position gonna be, he might get a couple plays on offense design plays for him but to play both of them at a professional level bro it's impossible bro. I could see him being a defensive player with some offensive packages. Yeah. Like I could see him getting some trick plays and getting in that but consistently that's a lot to ask Because I ain't all always tapped into the football bro. But I had to give a, give him a try, give him a Trying bro. The the elite we just was talking when we was at the gym today, we was talking about how good people are and like Oh yeah, These are the best of the best bro.


Like it gets no better like in college it's some bums out there like majority of the people are not gonna make the NFL they make it, You know what I mean? So some of the receivers he was going against, they probably ain't going to the league. Some of the dbs he was going against probably not going to the league. Everybody on the field are the best bro. You cannot be like I'm tired and go out here and run. Somebody's going, they gonna lock you up bro. Think you got a different set of energy. I'm just saying give him a chance to fail. That's Fair. It's okay up. I mean they, I mean I'm sure somebody gonna draft him to do that but I'm just saying bro. And also you gotta look at the, this is the NFL bro. You are an injury away from not playing ever again.


Yeah, that's true bro. I cannot run you into the ground, especially if you're gonna be my top three four pick. Yeah you'll be a corner or a defensive back or a safety with some offensive packaging. Yeah, this ain't little league bro. But he's that damn special that he could probably pull off if you want to. We'll see. Nah for sure because He not like he was a great receiver, he was good at Colorado. He was probably one of the best receivers. Not gonna lie, he was cold in college at receiver, he's A dynamic athlete But he wasn't like crazy at corner like You know he could be special at corner but he had to do so much offensively or that team that you couldn't even see how good he really was at corner.


You know what I mean? Was still made plays to, he made plays but you could tell like if he played this the whole game he probably be crazy. Yeah but he was doing so much for them offensively because they would, they needed, You know he was they best receiver. I just trust DI with it. Yeah I ain't mad at That. I just trust Dion. I bro, I don't think he gonna put that bark behind nobody. Who he really don't feel is like that bro. That nigga no football through and through bro. When you see somebody like that, you kind of like man just give you a chance bro. I mean they gonna give him a chance whoever draft he, he already said he won Tryer so. And it'll be disappointing if you don't like the crowd gonna come to see him play both sides of the ball.


Yeah, He's the one who I'm really like, I'm like alright I'm gonna tap in and watch him just to see Yeah he might be that one for sure. You gotta know it's when you in the NFL it's like when you a rookie and you come in people are targeting you like all this motherfucker think he good enough to do this shit, we gonna show this motherfucker like that's how people think when you come in the league. Like you think he him like cool flag. Yeah Any professional. Yeah that's how cool like you Think you good enough to come into the league and tell me you this much better than us that you can play, play the whole game. Fuck. Right. All right, we gonna see And I'm, I'm taking Cooper too bro. I'm be the most exciting rookie. Travis gonna be the most exciting rookie. The, You know what I'm saying? Saying when Cooper flag get in the league like everybody see how much hype he got coming in.


Yeah they gonna try to kill him. They gonna try to be on his ass bro. You see how he did lines though? That was crazy. Come on. Niggas was bro, I was the first person to play Lonzo. Oh then you did play preseason. First one couldn't wait. Preseason guy, I was tearing him up. I'm like yeah, I'm like he's sad y'all. That's what I said I went to like he sad he ain't, he ain't, he ain't like that. I was like that shot ain't gonna work. So you went into the game Mike? Yeah because they had so much. I'm on that the Craig was a fat ass crowd. We in like Anaheim with some shit. Yeah this was my first year on the timber wolf. So I'm like I gotta show niggas that I'm on the team with them. I gotta show y'all I can hoop. For real.


It's Lonzo, he a rookie man. He, he ain't like that I'm gonna take the ball from him. Like I was just going at him. Oh okay. He was guarding. Yeah But I just knew, I'm like yeah and You know he kind of a past first player anyway. Yeah. So in my mind I'm like oh he's scary. Why he scary too? Oh hell nah, I'm at him and You know it's a rookie bro. His first game he don't nigga he just trying to be cool. Yeah he ain't trying to do too much. He was just trying to figure it out, make some plays. He was just trying, it was a preseason game. He just, but nigga I'm looking at it like I gotta go at him so he'll know like well shit, because he in his head, in my head he probably thinking like Jeff t and kill Jeff.


T like You know how that's how niggas size niggas up. Like everybody worried about Steph Curry, DERO, Kyrie and Them. Yeah He probably Jeff t all I'll be cool where I'm about to show him like nigga I'm not the nigga you gonna be cool on. But that was his welcome out the gate. Oh well Tam, I mean he probably didn't look at it like that. He probably likes the preseason game but I'm looking at it like nigga y Yeah I'm going by. You gonna understand. Every time you see it's like I'm on that with you. Yeah I think They gonna do Cooper flag like that. I mean you you right. But I just think, I mean some niggas you can't do like that. Like some niggas we tried to do that too and they were just too good. You like okay he yeah he one of them. That's what, When you played Kyrie first, I remember you said shit I tried bro. Yeah that nigga just, He just good.


He one of them, He just special. So that's what I'm, I'm hoping Cooper has that effect Too. But they going yeah and he might be special Z niggas try to do Zion, he was special. It didn't matter. Most definitely they gonna try with Cooper. Nah out the gate For sure man. Shout to everybody getting drafted today and the whole entire weekend man. Changing our family's lives. That's dope man. The only thing now though is that the, the new version of like veterans and older players. It's not like when I came in the league they was mean as fuck. Like now people embrace you and shit. Like nigga KG was not even like you a rookie. You wasn't no nigga what's up? It's like welcome to the league young fella. It was fuck you looking at nigga like oh shit.


Like I wanted to say hi like nigga I watched you on TV my whole life. Fuck you looking at nigga look the other way mother fuck, fuck you looking at me for? And you like well fuck you there bitch. Like, You know what I mean? Like it wasn't now everybody welcome me, welcome to the league man we we love you man. You so it's different now. Yeah that that joke Kim Noah and Kg story. It's hilarious. He was like man my favorite player. Fuck you nigga that's saying that's how they was bro. It wasn't like very welcoming at all. Like Yeah you, you right about that bro. Or Even Gil. Gil was my favorite player. He I sub in the game. He like I got this nigga I ain't gonna play. I I got him. Yeah this nigga can't play. I got him like what the fuck, fuck you.


Where number nine now? Nigga trash nigga, fuck you. That's how it was Like yeah I say energy bro's hella competitive. I get it like yeah I think the league gonna get back to that though. Nah, I think so bro. Because The veterans is so young now. Like you a veteran when you 23, 24 because niggas going to the league at 17, 18. You in your fifth sixth year when you 23 and we know you now if you've been killing you in your sixth year, you come to the league. Niggas looking up to AE already. What's up big bro? AE 23? Yeah. Yeah he robbing him oj Yeah. Robbing him like you helping been working out with ae. That's my old head. That nigga 23.


That's that's true bro. I just think now these, why I'm saying is because I feel like the youngsters don't give a damn no more. They ain't scared of these old heads no more. So this nigga ain, you ain't gotta be nice to me. It ain't fuck you anyway though. It ain't, it ain't No old heads no More. I mean James Harden and Duren them we, we old bro. We 36, 37 Bro. Yeah but we so young to them though like you the og but nigga they still better than them, You know what I mean? Like nigga when we was o our vets, they was ass like Oh you Right. The old heads was ass like this nigga came move no more. Jay Har still getting triple dose To Oh I see what you're saying. Absolutely. Hundred Percent. Like now let, let's say like like LeBron at 40 but like let's just say like, I'm trying to think of a nigga that Kevin Willis, I ain trying, I ain't trying to disrespect.


Let's just say like if Melo was still hooping like when Melo was on his last league like in the league, nah yeah, yeah he was still good but we wasn't expecting Melo to get 40. Yeah like Vince Carter when he was on his way out. Yeah We ain't, you could even say somebody like, I don't know Gordon Hayward, he a little older shit. Yeah they Try to, they had to try him be a OG in Charlotte. I don't know what the fuck they was on. Yeah that's true. Al Horford a perfect one. Al like yeah he still contributing. He's still contributing but he like the old, he's old like you don't expect Al when Al have a good game motherfuckers Als still doing it. True. Yeah true. That's like when I came to the league, Joe Smith was smoking blacks nigga he yeah knew he only playing seven minutes like yeah y'all got this good seven for y'all Eric, Daniel.


Nah That when you put it in that perspective you right. All the old heads are legit on their way out. Yeah. Like I'm the oldest fuck legit, legit. Fuck they old heads is still starting. Eric Dampier now was was on they way out. I in Moham wasn't getting in like these niggas are starting stars still the guys nigga making trades to build around them still and shit. Like I feel like our generation probably got the best talent though just 'cause of that. The longevity. Yeah the longevity. The Longevity. Look At the Pacers. Our OG is James, come on man. That's fucking crazy. That's crazy. He's been an OG for the last couple years. He's our OG bro. Old head now. That's wild. And he been in the league for a long time but you gotta think about it, he the old head, he came in the draft with Steph and James Hard and people that still the guy.


Yeah they still play off Option one, option two. But they calling James the old head James like nigga I'm 36. Like wish you old in basketball terms but it's just like I still get fly and shit. Like when I came to league them niggas wasn't fly. Yeah You wasn't trying to dress like Kevin. I Wasn't trying to dress like Kevin Willis at all. I wasn't trying to dress like T Mac. I'm like shit, shit. Hey Tac got Iconic Gucci suit fit. Yeah I'm that motherfucker is a XAX bro. It's so much fabric. I'm like that shit ain't Tyler. That bitch would be raw though. I know that bitch was Ting right. It was all Gucci. I wasn't trying fuck that bitch is raw. Yeah I'm just saying they was old. Nah, you right. You right.


Even Look, we talked about it two years ago when G was on the pod. Shout out to Gary. He was the OG in Orlando. He was 30, he was the oldest person on the roster. We did talk about that. You know he talked, he like yo old head supposed to be like nah you young fella, we ain't going out tonight. We got a big one tonight. We shit Gary With the shit before We going Section. All I I get that motherfucker don't worry about it. You know what I'm saying? Like it wasn't no old, it ain't no old head old hit for sure man. The league is definitely changing for sure. Yo Donna's house was the last old head in the NBA for sure Man. For real. It's him and Vince Carter. Yeah that's crazy. Don House was just left the league Now Alford the old head in Boston. Yeah but You know uds turned into like the real locker room guy.


Yeah, yeah, yeah bro he still practices with the team. He still be there. Yeah, I mean that's his city, You know what I'm saying? But I'm just saying that's what Jeff's saying. Like when he came into league he had niggas it was four s. All four of these niggas not getting in the game. But if we need 'em they gonna be ready but they not playing nigga Eric DPI wasn't getting in, nigga Joe Smith, what's my nigga name? E Thomas who wasn't getting in? Bo Evans Darro getting there. All these niggas are 16. Hey Joe Smith smoking a wine, took black him out is the reason why he got so bitches.


I'm saying bro outta pocket man they was old. That's true because we was kids when Joe Johnson, I mean Joe Smith was raw. Someone big babies bro. Young stir nigga. I'm like damn bro, my dad used to talk about you. He was like man what the fuck? That's crazy. Bibi was my old head nigga. I met Bibi when I was 10. Nigga you was a star Arizona. Like Yeah It was just different. Shout dude man. Speaking of old heads had the answer. The guest in Vegas. Oh damn the gang? Yeah. All. Damn. Yeah I forgot about Shane short the Gang. Yeah. It been a real rough Week.


Og. OG had a tough one Man. Yeah, that motherfucker baby Gravy boy. What? What, what? All right, tell me what happened man, because I ain't y'all, y'all sent it on a plane. Y'all was like, man we just did an interview and that nigga talking about Baby Gravy or something. What? What Happened? He, he didn't say the baby Gravy. Okay, what happened? She's asked, according to the text messages that were released by Shannon's team for his black baby gravy is what She want, his black gravy she Requests she requested allegedly. Okay. The crazy thing about is somebody clipped that up and somebody said, Is that on? Is that on the menu a Cracker Barrel? I said what the fuck The baby gravy.


That's some Twitter shit. Y'all gotta stay off Twitter bro. No, no. The baby gravy shit is is crazy. I think I was more offended when she said put this big black baby in me. That would've kind of made my shit go soft. At least watch your mouth because he's probably gonna be light skinned. One gonna be light Jayden? Yeah, Jaylen Jayden. Jayden or Christian? Definitely Christian is definitely a mixed kid's name. Shout to my nigga Christian. Oh my dog Christian, Josh the gang. For sure, my nigga. No, for sure.


That's crazy though man. Yeah, I, I think that we just need to take text message away from people above the age of 50. We just need to go ahead and cut them out for that. They need to go back to pagers and be oh well This is how I look at it. I think the text is the only thing to save this situation. Yeah, at this point I think we keep the text. Yeah that's, that was a great receipts to have because it shows like hey we just talking dirty. Yeah, like we don't know what's really happening. We ain't stepping into the case or nothing but just keeping it at the text messages bro. That's just how freaky motherfuckers talk to each other bro. Yeah bro. Like I, those text messages like that's why I'm like maybe I ain't cut out for the role play shit bro. Because if we gotta talk like that bro, I'm gonna start it.


Bitch, watch your mouth bitch you going a little too far Now the black baby bitch you Real white now. Like real white is hilarious. The Black baby was crazy. That Is crazy. So Dr. Umar made me laugh though. Oh Dr. Umar is hilarious. He said you have to promise me you'll stop bunny hopping nigga. I was rolling. He be repeating this shit. You Have to stop bunny hopping. Promise me you'll stop Bunny hopp. He tell dude I got snow buns, I'll be weak. He is fried man. The funny thing about him is he come out to the head back forever Snow bunnies that that's his opening bar. But like he do all that like he don't got problems with his crib.


Right. Disregard everything. His Kid talking about Miss you 30, Fuck you daddy. Crazy. He said, he said let's go talk to your mama. I said alright, we don't need to know this bro. And this off the internet. Y'all Not putting no babies on my nigga it is over with. Man that shit Run the test. Bitch swab your mouth like Kirk did On Love and Hip Hop to that baby on the Hit Love Hip was at the, the earliest season was some of the best Stevie ever made them.


Oh you already know the Goat my boy Stevie J Bro. Bro that it's a clip on Stevie J. He's in therapy with Mimi and Joshlyn and Josh is sweating and he takes the napkin and wipes her nose. But he's sitting next to Mimi bro. She was about to knock everything in that room over bro. I said Steve J's really the goat bro. Kurt Frost, Bobby Valentino scrappy and young Jock being free as well. It's crazy Bro. He Elite TV cast My nigga Young Jock was a fool on that motherfucker man. And Scrappy. Scrappy was going crazy. Nah for sure. But yeah, don't don't put them babies on Omar, man. Y'all niggas just clean up y'all texts man. But keep them. Yeah, keep, Yeah man, just, just be careful man.


It's real tricky out here. You know Bill Belichick walk around with his young girlfriend, don't nobody say shit wifed her though. I just say it's so If he would've walked around with her and dated her like this is something, I mean you don't gotta be, you can have a private life all you want. Yeah you don't gotta do that. But Bill Belichick is not hiding shorty. Nah he was, he snuck out shorty crib with his shirt off in the cold. Yeah. Boy this this my bitch love. Who you love? I just, I just think it's just Tricky out here. Everybody's mindset is different. I just going that dating somebody from OnlyFans is nuts. I just think man if I'm 54 it is just me. I'm gonna have me something that's like a little closer to my age.


Y'all want Elisa Ray damn near 40 with our Age gap is kind of still. Yeah because if we ain't got nothing in common, nigga you like the Commodore nigga. I like fucking Yeah. Something That I like fucking, I don't know Joe to see motherfucker Weed. Nah for sure. Yeah that that's tough. Tricky situation man. That's what Com motherfuckers 70 years old bitch like Lon where she Right. I ain't fucking no bitch in no earth when the fire. So What's the oldest song on your playlist bro? That like if you, you Wife You about do y'all, You know If I getting in the moment, it's something from the nineties, I can't hear no motherfucker the line of richness.


Mike Oti song on your playlist when you said, And I don't wanna say y'all gonna judge me if I say the name. It's something about LSG I'm sure. Damn you are young as fuck. That group was formed after all their problems have passed. Damn That was, that was, that's my, I think that was born ninety, ninety three. No, 97. Yeah I was four so I understand. Yeah. Damn. L-S-G-L-S-G. Damn that motherfucker slow. They making love of that motherfucker. Yeah my body is my first, my first My body Man. Oh yeah, that Body babe. Hey that's a banger. That was first phone number I ever remembered. Damn. Wait what? 9 1 1 0 0 24. The origin story of freaky Mikes Call.


You know, might go to therapy because that's all my daddy played was like RB music. That might be a reason. You right, I mean RB music is fired. That's B is fired. That's my, He wasn't supposed to make you listen to rap. They was, they was. Don't Put that on Pops man. Boy I got your back man At four years old. Should I really be singing my body bro, you in the Backseat bro. Go to sleep. I knew Joe Something am am I really singing genuine? You gotta go from there, then you gotta hit something to You know, get this x Nah, that never coming on. That's a nasty transition. You know this as Yeah, you Come on, come on, you wild before we got here gonna, y'all question sits on the playlist.


If a gospel come song come on. You know what I'm saying? Me hoops that shit. Are y'all changing it or is it just Yes. Business usual. I'm not, I'm not turn the Ephesians. I'm I'm, I'm turning bro, I'm I'll. Since we talk about sex songs though, I'm telling YouTube, man Chris Brown, 2012 nailed something to the cross to that as a fire firearm song that sky's going. Yeah, that's, that's just, just a side note, y'all, That's that's a fire Song. But yeah, gospel come on. 'cause you're supposed to be locked in anyway so You know, whether it's Yolanda or Kirk. Donnie must Pray shout turn that motherfucker clean up when the Marvin come on. Yeah.


Lock the doors, close them. When you see this flop up, you top I I didn't got that song in the church basement before. Oh wow. Always. Niggas like, So you hear when I hear a music at my house, nigga this is could be no worse than than that motherfucking pew. I did Something to the cross. God, that's a resurrection. The Real Sunday service resurrection ion. For real. I wish you still had Rose Sparks. We coulda had a great hat right There. Well lift that motherfucker dress up. You Me we fall down but we get up Because the basement is no longer the church bro.


Yes it is. Because saved basement man, you only out of pocket bro. If you in that sanctuary, bro. And You know, is this during, like is this during like choir rehearsal or something? Or vacation Bible school? This is, this is just so, I don't know. None of y'all really go to church, but I used to, my granddad is a whole pastor. I mean Okay, tell me about it later. Alright. Usually when you don't go to church no more, you got day church and then I was a musician, so we had night church. So a night church get out about seven or eight and then shit, You know, you could do whatever those night service, you usually immediately go home. It's no stay after nothing. So, but you stayed after. Yeah, we parlayed. I helped you. I helped clean up.


Yeah. Monte was cleaned up. I helped her clean up and I auntie you good? Yeah, I got the mop. I got, I got it from here. That's the last thing we do. Shorty stayed and we, I don't know bro. It just was, it happened bro. Like a movie. The mama was there, You know, Lord willing almost got a ta, All Of that. No, it's a perfect time to get the fuck outta here. Be here. Some people that grab some Mech Shop club five twenty.com. Well, don't hit nobody in the church. Y I'm bullshit. The Volume


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So As draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions Today. The Warriors Dynasty remains a lot in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Rushmore Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Camilla Ramon at Amli Ortiz and our podcast Atho is where sports, music and fitness collide and we cover it all This season we sit down with history makers like the Sukar family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.