
You know, you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd Nan Bur to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on La Tabla. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume. All right, man, we back of the episode of Club five 20 podcast. We're still in the shot with us. It's only right. We bought out one of the best of Chicago. We gonna introduce my man's laugh. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Same game with me to my far left. I got my dog, Bishop B, he out the Pearl East. How you what? Nasty cool And nasty Still in the shop, baby. Let's get To it. Still in the shop for Show Man. Look, listen Wan know your feasts was always correct. You know a lot about shoes, my man, his signature over here. The Black Forces with the white laces in Chicago. What does that shoe mean, man? Well, it it's about Jordans in Chicago, man. It, it's, it's force is cool, but it Chicago's about Jordans man got thing MJ in 84, man.


So everybody's been about Jordans. I can only imagine growing up in Chicago and the Peak and MJ Runway, like how was that to get the new Jordan when they first dropped while mjs still killing up the street? Well, I couldn't get 'em, man. I was, no, I'm from the hood. Poor. I ain't get 'em hood until I got late in the game. But yeah, but no, it's, it's, it's a thing here. I mean obviously we all grew up Bulls fans and, and so everybody here's about Jordan, that's like the hottest ticket I think still to today in Chicago. Ah, for sure. They still on the fes all around the world for sure. To my right, my dog. Young Nacho, young Teague. How you what cooling, man, I been waiting for this pod for a long time. We got a OG in the bill. Showed me a lot of love when I first got to Atlanta, so I appreciate 'em. So him to step on the pod with us and have a good time.


Talk hoops, talk life. I'm excited about this. Yeah, for sure, man. Listen man, we excited to this episode, man. He always show love from the very beginning, man. So we very happy to do this man. Listen, champion in college in the NBA 12 year vet man. We got Chicago's very own man. Hey Walker, appreciate you putting on this big dog, Man. Appreciate you having me, man. Long time coming, man. Real deal. Big fan of what you guys have established in this space, man. I know it's a big space for everybody in it, but you guys are unique man. I, I enjoy watching it. Appreciate it. For sure man. Man, I appreciate that. We talking about Chicago's finest man, talking about high school Mark. We started off with Donovan McNabb, man, a lot of people don't know that. Yeah, me. So me and Donovan went to high school together all four years. But the funny thing about it, Donovan was a, he was a two sport player, but great quarterback.


We all know his quarterback history and how good he was, but he was a really, really good basketball player and he got recruited two sports. A lot of people don't know. He played fuss Syracuse, he didn't get any minutes. But even we won national championship. He was on the team, he was on the roster, he was on the bench. So that's what he got recruited as. He was one of the best athletes I ever seen. I don't know if he could have been pro, that might be in the stretch, but definitely could have played overseas and made money playing basketball. You know What's crazy, shout out to Journeys. Back in the days, journeys used to have random throwbacks, but I had a high school that Mal Cuman joined the Dovan me NI was like, this is another Dovan or another Mcna. I didn't know this nigga who, when I seen that, I was like, damn nigga at the high school throwback. He must have been nice. And our school's a football school, So you know what I'm saying?


So, you know, obviously they football program was in incredible. But he helped me put the, the basketball team kind of probably on the map. He was a big part of that and he was a real two sport player. Damn. That's crazy man. So you, do you feel like pro football players can hoop in the NBA? Here we go. I mean that kind of opened up the bait a little bit. I just, No, I don't, I don't think that I, I don't think that I, I have a, I have a high level of respect for guys that make it to the NBA. Right? I love football, I love baseball. Baseball is my first love. I don't think I could play in the major leagues. I, you know what I mean? I don't think, I don't think football players playing the league, it's, it's different. Okay. Yeah. It's a reason why, you know what I mean?


It's, it is only, you know, the, the roster rosters obviously extended, but at one point it was only 12 pros, man. Yeah. Rosters are 12, I think after 15 now with the, you know, obviously with the G league, I mean the D league and G League and all that shit, it extended. But nah, I don't think so. No. Before we get into your career, man, Lu your script for sure. T you gotta talk about the First time y'all linked up, man, the First time I met Twan man, we was, I was a young pup in Atlanta and you know, I just had turned 21 got drafted. I wanted to go test my waters, test my luck in Atlanta. So I go to the, the infamous, the most famous club in Atlanta called Magic City. I walk in there young, don't know what to do, don't know nobody in there, smooth send me.


I go in there, I'm looking around, somebody come take me, you know, grab my hand, tell me where to go, where I need to sit and everything. He didn't know me from a can of paint and he see me from a distance. I think somebody might have told him something like, oh, he a young fell. He just got drafted. He called me over there, I come over there, he opened a briefcase, Threw me some ones. Man. I ended up having a time that night and I never forgot that. I'm like, damn. And I was just like, is that how you supposed to do it? You know? I mean like, am I doing this all wrong? But I just remember having that time there and it was like a welcome to Atlanta. You know, you hear all the music videos and all the stuff about Magic City and then go in there and then see you and I knew you from the cover alive, you know what I mean?


I'm Twan Walker. And then for you to even embrace me, you ain't even know me. I was just a young dude and the dude that meant a lot. Yeah. I, but my, that was my thing, man. I was really one of those dudes that like, I was a ba I'm a, I consider myself a basketball savant man. I, I follow the game. I'm a student of the game, but I'm a fan of the game. So I watch everybody, you know, I'm a part of, my family's a part of the a U Circuit, you know, Mac Irvin flyer. So they raised, Mr. Irvin raised me, God rest his soul raised me. So I just followed basketball. It's like, it'd been in my DNA for so long. So I know all the players. I watched college, high school, you know, pro, this is part of my, my situation where I do every single day. So when I seen it, I always try to make sure, you know, the young guys can get taken care of.


I came in the league at 19, man. Yeah. So I played with a bunch of vets, Rick Fox, D Brown, Dana Barrels, Pervis, Ellison, Pervis I played. So I was a young guy on the team. So those guys kind of like, and I was 19, turning 20, so I really couldn't do the club. Yeah, yeah. But they had to really kind of game bang their way in to get me in. Yeah. So it was like one of those things when I seen those guys take me up, take me up under they arms and show me how to do it. I always said when I become a vet, I'm gonna do the same thing. You got freaky tea pop. You started Where you started. Hey, but you know what, so Chicago people don't understand Chicago. We don't have strip clubs. Okay. You know, we, so we don't get that experience. So I think that's what it was for me when I got to Atlanta, I got to really experience the strip club.


Like I had heard about Magic City. Yeah. Heard about it. Now I'm actually can be able to go to it whenever I want to. Yeah. I took advantage of that. Yeah, for sure. And that time period, like early BM effort too. Yeah, they was actually the crazy part. They had just got back out so I missed the first part. So I, I caught that second wave when they got back out. Yeah, right, right around that time. Like they had went in and they got back out. So them boys was doing it big. I can only imagine. What was the first city you went to a strip club in? Was it Atlanta? I went to Atlanta. Dallas too. Mm. I played, people mentioned Dallas. Dallas was Dallas. Was Dallas one bad? The one Dallas. Dallas. They're probably my two favorite cities that to have them.


Oh, okay. And then, you know, every, every other city was kind of just so up. But when you want to turn up, it was probably them two. Those two. Yeah. For Dallas now. For sure. Man, listen, we gotta get to it, man. What made you commit to Kentucky? Man, Jamal Mashburn. Straight up. I just kind loved the way he played. He kind of mirrored my game, you guys. So when I came out, I was kind of, you know, in an AAU circuit. I got to play the point, the 1, 2, 3. But in high school, you know, obviously I was like a four man. Yeah. So I was a little different. So I just got an opportunity when Coach Patino came in my crib and he was showing me the mass burn highlights. He was like, I'm gonna let you do what he do.


Great. I was, was like, man, you know what I mean? I could shoot the three, I could be able to put the ball on the floor, handle it. So I was like, man, this, this is the perfect spot for me. But it really was 'cause of mass burn, man. 'cause the, the style of play I wore 24, he gave me his number. Damn. And I was just like a huge, I was a huge fan of his game. I thought that's the kinda game I could be like when I came into college. So that's what really made me pick there. And then obviously the, the atmosphere and everything. See I went there, they were only one year fresh off probation. Yeah. I don't know if you guys are familiar when they went on probation. So Coach P was just building it back up. Yeah. To be in a powerhouse. So that, that's what made it special for me though. That was the reason why I picked it though. I mean because of the style of play and how Ashburn went there For sure.


Man, uncle Rick. Y'all had a squad too with d on that team Too. Yeah. DA transfer. We had Tony Dell. Nah, pros. Yeah. That's crazy. So You y Think y'all hold on before you tell me all the pros. I just imagine, oh shit, you think y'all the best Kentucky team? I think we the best team ever in college basketball. Walk Your shit. Dang. But I'm not, I'm not saying it to be, you know, being biased. I'm just, I'm one, I'm gonna say the marching, the victory we won, but like 24, 25 a night. So when you look at our numbers, you be like, oh, he was cool, but I ain't playing the last seven, eight minutes of games. Respect. You know what I'm saying? So a lot of people don't even understand that. That's so our numbers look a little crazy. Yeah. I let the team in minutes at like 27, 28 minutes a night.


You know what I'm saying? Most team, most guys are playing 35, 36. So our numbers could be totally different if we got a chance to play. But most games. But just, man, we had nine pros, man. Our practice, to be honest, was harder than our games. I'm not gonna even fun. Who All was the pros on y'all team? Myself. Yeah. Tony De Walter McCarty, Derek Anderson, d Jeff Shepherd, Mark Pope Reed Shepherd Pops, right? Yeah. Jeff Shepherd played in Atlanta. Yeah. Mark Pope, the head coach. You know, he played four or five years with Indiana and, and Denver and I, I feel like I'm missing one more to make the, the ninth one. It'll probably pop up to me here shortly.


But yeah, we was, we were strong man. Damn. Y'all forgot about Scott Pageant. Nah, I know Scott, but so y'all think you better than ah, Kat book. Who else? They had the two twins. The twins tli. Yeah, They, they were, they they were good. I-I-I-I-I went, they had a squad and they, they, they did their thing. I I was, I went and watched a lot of those games. I was very supportive of them. And then to have book as your six man speaks value. So I see where you at with it. Yeah. But nah, we, we, well we beat people by 25 I believe. They should be. They cold, they out, they superstar. And especially that time period, the competition around that time was crazy too as Well.


Yeah, but you gotta think about we something different. We think, when you think about us, you think about UNLV at 90 team. Oh yeah. The Jordan team. Yeah. You know what I mean? North Carolina Don't, you don't really put that Kentucky team in that same, because They ain't win. It's Like you don't put them in the same breath as as when you talk about that. So I always, it's an argument. I mean I love that you on LA team in the nineties. Yeah. Yeah. I mean like that 1992. Yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? So it's hard. You know what I mean? That Jordan, I didn't get a chance to watch a lot of that. You know, Michael knew and they always put Michael and them in that conversation. MJ and them team. But I like us in the nine team and then, But she won. Send them Too. Let's give respect with respect. Dude, that Michigan team was tough for be Freshman. Yeah. Five To be freshman. You gotta like, yeah, they, we gotta get 'em that respect.


But y'all, y'all better than though. I get You'all. Y'all have best team. Y'all blew everybody out. We didn't even bring up Mo Kentucky team ad them. Nah, MOOC and them get big. Dang. It was too loud. But they raised the federal about 12 to about 12. Yeah. 12 team was tough. They were good. Yeah, but it's quiet. Mm. They had to, they was too. Well MOOC and them was big too. Mo and them was Big t Jones, Anthony Davis. Yeah. They was lower Ke Gil. Gil. Yeah. They had a big team too. They was loaded. I mean it been a good game. But like you said, non pros is crazy. Yeah. Like what, what you Doing? You damn near the original stretch four Is your title. I'm gonna tell you it's me, stretch four, probably me, Derek Coleman, Q Rash, rashe Wallace wallet, A stretch four.


Yeah. But you had that pity though. Yeah, they, they couldn't dribble. Hell me that. So you, your game after you told me that one Day them inter, we built the same because it was a lot, a lot of it was a lot of people back then. But I felt like you was just way more skilled than everybody. It was just because you had that handle. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I feel like the difference you more of a modern day player. Like today, Lemme tell you what's funny. So it's really true story. So a AAU circuit, I'm on the AAU circuit and just back when they changed it, when you had to play with your state, you remember I used to go to camp.


So my sophomore year I went to Nike, all American camp. They put you on different teams, you know what I mean? But, so the next year the NCAA changed the rule. You had to play with your, your actual state and city. Damn. So our point guard that we took Mr. Irvin, I'll never forget this. The point guard that we took got hurt the first day. And Mr. Irvin was like, huh, you the point. I'm like, what? I ain't never played point guard in my life. He was like, you the point man. By the fifth day, bro, I'm leading the camp in assists and scoring and this we loaded like Stefan there, Stefan was right behind me. Felipe Lopez, Gerard Ward, I mean it's, it's, it's, it's camp is crazy. It's sunny camp. And that's what took me over the top. Like I went from like top 50 to, I left that top five in the country.


Yeah, I'm, and it was, it was history after that. But it was because one of the point guards got hurt and he just threw me the ball was like, yo, you the point. And so I got to play point guard. So it was, it was over after that. Back Then. Did you grow up always dribbling and stuff? Yeah, I always wanted to, yeah. Dribble. That was all my thing. And then when I went to camp with Stefan and all them and niggas, they was showing me all 'em tricks and ah, you know what I mean? Like we be working on dribbling moves. So I just, I started taking a liking to it, so I just became a big part of my game. That's crazy. That's a true story right there. No, it just threw me the ball. Like, yo, you the point at all American camp. That's crazy. Like, and I just, I promise I let the camp for like the first five days I ran outta gas though. Like game six, That ball Up. Yeah. Yeah. But I, but it was co it gave me an opportunity to get to put me on a, a bigger stage.


My recruiting went through the roof, man, I left there. I mean I was top five in the country. It was over. Yeah. What's it like playing for Rick Pitino? So I got a story for you. My dad, Rick Pitino first coaching job was in Boston University. My dad was on that team. He was the point guard for BU Rick Tino's first job. My dad said he was crazy. He said they had him holding bricks, doing defensive slides, all type of crazy stuff. Y'all was good. Was he crazy with y'all? Yeah, he was. He was. He was. He was crazy. But he was a good crazy if that, if that makes sense. You know, he gonna push you to the max. You gotta work hard. My first year was, was really tough, man. I'm gonna be honest. I wanted to transfer at Christmas. Yeah.


Know you get the little Christmas break. Yeah. Yeah. I wanted to leave after that. But back then when I came out you had to sit out. So I would have to literally sit out the whole next year to play. So I was like, man, I can't, I ain't finna sit out the whole year straight up. But it, he, he gonna make you work hard man. But one thing about him, he gonna get the best outta it. You're gonna be in the best shape of your life and he is gonna maximize your talent. If you guys even know, like, so when obviously coached me in college, but when he came to the pros, I mean I made, I made the All-Star team the first year because he knew your game. He moved me from the three I went to Pros. I played my whole rookie year at at Small Forward my whole rookie year. So, which was cool, but you know that's guard Scotty, you know that's guard like a elite three men in the league.


You know what I mean? So he moved me to four. He was like, you moving to the four? He was like, you finna have the advantage on the offensive end. You gonna have to bulk up a little bit. So I went from like 2 25 to two 40. Like he was like, you gonna guard for us but we gonna move you to the four. You gonna have your most success. And that was the best thing for I made the Allstar team. Yeah, the N 98 off that. That's crazy. That was good for it though. You could always rebound. So that was, that was easy to get down there and bang. But I just see it was ability now 'cause I can dribble so I could put me in the one four pick row. Yeah. That's why I said that's that stretch. You get started. Come on, come on down here on the three point Line. I kind thank Coach Pete for that. 'cause I went to the league as a small four. Yeah. I was guarding threes and even we won a championship in Miami.


I played all three. Because you remember UD was there. Yeah. Yeah. I gotta remember UD was the squad Power four and they had just went to the Eastern conference finals when I signed there. So Ros was like, yo, you gotta play the three. He love ud y'all. We, we know that 25, you know he love ud. So he was like two things. He was like, yo, you got a lot to play at three. And he was like, you gotta come off the bench. Yeah. For a little bit. He was like, so they figured it out because I played for Stan first. A lot of people don't know that Stan was the coach and then he came, Stepped down. Yeah. So I was coming off the bench. Oh, pat Came down. Yeah, pat came Down. Yeah. He was like, yeah we was 10 and 10. Shaq was hurt. He was like, man, come on down.


I'm coming down Fire stand. That's crazy. Yeah, that's crazy work. Shaq Sean, now we see What's going on with Jimmy. He was like, hey pep know this for a long time. Boy Pat Different Dude. Pat known this for a long time bro. Oh with Jimmy? Oh yeah, Jimmy messed up. Yeah. He went to the media. Don't go to the media. Never. Not with Pat ROEs. Not when he got the microphone and he got the pen. Nah. And it's funny 'cause they was talking about, it was like they was anonymous quote unquote. They was just like, Hey, one thing you don't do is don't fuck with Pat Riley 'cause he ain't got nothing to lose. And everybody was like, what the fuck that mean? And then we came out seven games suspension. We was like god damn Playing. What was, what was that adjustment though from college to the NBA though at Boston? Because you had what you average like 17 or something your rookie year?


Yeah, 17. Someone had like 17. It was hard for me because we was, we were terrible man. I won, I don't know if you guys know man, we won 15 games. Yeah, Y'all had the worst record. Yeah, we was 15 in the NBA History. But the best thing for me was, yeah, but the best thing for me is I played for ML Carr. Okay. So ML was the GM and the head coach of the team. And basically, you know, after like 30 games, he was like, he see we wasn't doing nothing. He was like, it's your show. And he just let me play. So I got a chance to play through my mistakes and get some real minutes. Yeah. You know what I mean? Sometimes when you come in you don't get an opportunity to do that. So he let me play through my mistakes and that's why I was able, I think I was like 17 now.


I was able to up some decent numbers. Hell Yeah. It was a rookie. That's fire. I was right behind ai. You know, y'all know where AI was over there? Oh yeah. Yeah. AI was cooking at work. But they were losing too though. Yep. But AI was cooking too. So me, him, Ray Allen in that class too were all doing really, really good. But yeah, it was just, it was, it was hard though. But I just kinda like, 'cause I was just coming from college man. Well I just lost six games in two years. Yeah. To lose A, I think my first year, I think my first year we lost four games at my freshman year. Four or five. And then we won championship. We was 36 and two. Yeah. So I hadn't lost a lot in the last couple years. So it was like trying to stay focused and so they did a, I was, you know, I had to credit but I played for a Hall of Fame staff.


A lot of people don't know that that was connected with the organization. Dennis Johnson, guy Russell Soul, he was on the, he was on that staff as well. KC Jones. Yep. Was on the staff as well. Tommy Heinsen obviously was calling the game. So it was a lot of the old guys, red All Back was still alive and still coming to the games. So I was around a lot of tradition. Jojo White. Yeah. I'm thinking about everybody that was just in the gym all the time. Yeah. So it, it was like, so it was cool. So they, they was kind of like starting to build it around me a little bit. What was that? Oh shit moment though in the NBA, like who'd you match up with was like, God damn, this ain't nothing like college man person guard me was Dennis Rodman, he's super strong man.


Quick Feet. Yeah. Couldn't really score on him. That was, that was a challenge for me. But guarding, yeah. Tim Duncan man, I mean for me, you playing Power Forward bro. I mean footwork. Yeah. Big dude got all the moves. Elite. You Can't, you can't, he ain't gonna talk to you. He doing it. He ain't giving you no, you know he ain't giving you nothing back. Yeah. You know what I mean? He Just killing probably my best And then my best matchup would be probably a ticket. Me and Kg had some moments, some like, especially when I first came in the league. 'cause KG was in Chicago but he not from Chicago. Yeah. So a lot of people in Chicago loved him for the one year he came up and played Ronnie Fields.


So me and Kg had some battles. We locked Summer League. It carried over into the, the real games. But that's, that's the one guy that we, we had them two games we played was gonna be special For sure. Listen man, we talk about it man you is probably one of the best all-star games every day. 98 joint man. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Please tell me about that experience man. First Allstar game. It'd be one of the most historic ones in hindsight too. Yeah, it was because it's in New York. Yeah. I mean it was in Madison Square Garden and what made it special too was MJ,


The NFL playoffs kickoff this weekend and the action is always heating up on the field at the draft King sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draft King Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet. Just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draft King Sports book. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bits. If you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


What's going on? I'm DJ Wells. I'm Brandon Hendricks And we are Role Parters over here at Kelo five 20. Man, listen Rose Sparks, if you're trying to get it cracking the right way, if you wanna make sure the tonight's extra special, all you gotta do is tap in. It is a prescription. Just follow the instructions online and they will get you squared away if you qualify for this. And if you do qualify for this man, you gonna have a hell of a time be here. Tell the people about Ro Sparks. Man. Rose Sparks brought me back to life man. Me and my wife had a great time outta town. And this, this got the moment. Go on though. So shout out to Ro Sparks. Come on man. Simple and easy to use. Let December get that playlist cracking. You know what I'm saying? You might have a little bit more on that playlist. Be here. Take it at dinner. Use it at dinner. You know what I mean? When y'all about to cash out on that bill. Ride around, hit the highway, take the backways home and you know what I mean? By the time y'all enter the crib, it's going down. Come On man. Listen Road Sparks be here and gave y'all rest. Please listen. We are the official Road Sparks partner here. Make sure you use the promo Code Club five 20, get you $15 off your prescription man. Tap in. Get online. It's easy. They'll connect you with a medical professional. If prescribed new sexual health patients get $15 off Sparks on a reoccurring plan. Connect with a provider at road.co/club five 20 to find out if prescription roast sparks are right for you. That's right. That's Roco slash Cub five 20 for $15 off your first order.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for R new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was when when you send it, yeah. You're always like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd named RK today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL UN scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I'm Jason De former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast. Movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts Perky. That's short of Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays. On Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race. Is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast. And you, we'll be glad you did.


Hope you could join us for the postseason Run It been his last year to be a part of that. To be a part of that, even though it was a circus. Kinda like, you know what I mean? But it was, it was dope to see him go out the way he did and to be a part of that and, and to play, you know, significant role. I got like 20 something minutes that game I was deep up. I was happy about that. You know what I mean? And it was my first one too, to be at Madison Square Garden and play in my in in my first game too was special. But it's something I always remember man, that that locker room and you know what I'm saying, I couldn't sit on the back of the bus. You know, imagine you on the bus and then like rookie you up top. Yeah. You can't sit in the back of the bus with the guys. It was just, the whole experience was, was was dope to be a part of that and to see Mike go out like that.


I liked it better in 98 than when he and I was, you know, lucky I was part of We could talk about that. I was part of both of 'em when his last one in Washington, we was watching Wizards too. Yeah, that's crazy. We, we talked, we got to have KG on the show. He talking about that opening situation with a lot with him and Kobe. Yeah. It was just like that was Kobe's coming out party. They was trying to pit him against Mike. It's just, it is a legendary moment, especially for the All-Star game. We talk about how lackluster is now. Them moments helped make a lot of hoopers memories for like good moments for basketball. Oh yeah. And then the know what's crazy man, the guys took, you know, it was crazy. Prize money was not obviously not as big back then, but guys was like man I want this 20,000. You know what I mean? We gonna win, we gonna compete. Well these guys now getting 2 50, 300 half million dollars to play.


It's different now. But yeah. So I understand. I see where they're struggling at. 'cause these guys probably don't understand, but the money was different. You know this different now you got guys making 30, 40, 50 million. They like, I ain't looking at that. Like ah, it's a vacation. We just talked About that. Yeah, like you said 250 now they sneezing at that boy 20 Gs they not even pulling up. Yeah but guys we played guys was playing for that prize money man. Yeah man. Like we was in there, they was getting it on. At least that you knew that second, you knew either you knew that third and fourth quarter was gonna be competitive even if the first and two wasn't. Right. But that third and fourth was gonna be good For sure. I know we talked, we kind of skipped over, we went to your pro, but you was part of the best draft class ever. Yes sir. And I just wanted to point that out. Like you said, you know, you said Bubba, Chuck Iversson being the first pick and the list goes on.


That draft class was so loaded, illegal. Like did you know when you was part of getting drafted, did you know like, man, I'm with a bunch of killers. Or you thought like, man I got snubbed. I probably should have been a no one pick. How did you like Nah, my draft process was, it was hard. I went, I worked out for 19, so I worked out from two to 11. Yeah. I didn't work out for the Toran Toronto. I think they was picking one. So I didn't work out for them. But it was hard. Like you had to go in there and I, I didn't know to the draft day the selfs called. My agent was like, look, we trying to move up and we're gonna take 'em. I didn't know why I was going. Hmm. But there was some great workouts because back then, I don't know how they do it now. You competed against other guys.


So like most of my workouts, I went in with all the small forwards Sharif. So it was like Sharif, me, John Wallace Is Tim in that class? Dante Jones. Oh he was at Mississippi State. John Wallace, me, Walter McCarty, my teammate. So it was like six or seven of us. So a lot of times you'll come to those workouts and it'd be four y'all in the same workout. So, and that's what made it different. You let you, I maybe two teams I got to work out by myself. Damn. But all the rest of 'em was competitive workouts. Like you had three, four guys in there and you go at it, they throwing the ball in the middle like one-on-ones, like get it on like type of shit. Like, so that, that's what made it really, really special.


But I had great workouts. I felt good leaving everywhere. I ain't, I, you know, I never felt like I wa I didn't have a good workout and what I did that was different probably. I don't know what guys do now. I never left school. Yeah. So I stayed up on the coach Patino. So when I put my name in the draft, I stayed working out up under him. So I stayed doing the same workout. You know how most guys put their name in the draft? They, they going to get the car. They going kick it. Yeah, it's up now. Nah, nah, nah. I stayed locked in. Yeah. Like I just stayed right there. I didn't move until the day after I got drafted. Then I moved outta Lexington, Kentucky. But before then I just stayed locked in. But it was different though. You had to play like they made you play one-on-ones and you get it on. So did you have a match up with Sharif and then work outs?


No, I didn't play against Sharif. I was actually surprised Sharif. 'cause I didn't really know much about him. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like the other guys I, I knew a lot about 'cause Sharif ended up going three. Yeah. Yeah. So he went, he went off the board early. So I was like man, no way. You know what I mean? He was nice Though. He was Hard. He was, yeah he was nice. But then I was like, he went to Vancouver. I was like cool. I was like, I ain't gonna go to Vancouver. Yeah. That's too far west. So I was like, cool, I'm, I don't want to go there. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So it was, it was one of those situ it was that I, that's situation but it was that that small for in my group in nine six was real tough. But I mean obviously I'm being a little biased, but I believe if you guys really look at the second round picks, I mean Steve Nash went 13.


Yeah. I mean Swifts, no, Steve Round went 16. I think Kobe went 13. Yeah. Yeah. So you gotta really think about it. That draft was so deep and the second round picks were really good players in the league. Yeah. You know what I mean? They ended, they helped teams out so that, that draft was really, really good. I would Say it's probably the best draft. I know they would probably say Jordan and Hakeem and all those type Of famers I think won the to 60 of us. Yeah. If you go all the way through, you pick out a couple second round picks. Dudes had some really good careers. Yeah. Carrie Kettles went eight. Kerry Kettles with the socks baby. Yeah. Carrie was good. That draft was loaded. Yeah. That that's what I'm saying. When you really think about it and you go through it, you be like, man, it was a lot of good players in this draft that had impactful NBA careers. Sure.


Most definitely. How was it man? You know what I'm saying? You get your foot in your Boston and then you get your running back pull up with you Pauly P Oh it was cool man. 'cause see Paul came in a situation where when Coach P first took over his first draft and then Paul had a chip on his shoulder. Y'all done know Paul supposed to went like three or four in the draft. He slid to 10. Yeah. So he slid on us like at number 10. So we Coach P was like, we gotta steal. And it, it was, it was, it was beautiful man. 'cause me and Paul, we had so much respect for each other in the beginning and our games didn't get in each other way. Yeah. If that makes sense. You know what I mean? We, we, we didn't, you know, he played different type of games, you know what I'm saying? So it made it real easy for us. But we hit it off off the court.


I think that's what our, probably our best thing was that me and Paul became friends early on, started hanging out, started building the rapport. And that's why we was able to play, you know, five, six years together. And you know, obviously we didn't win a title. We both ended up winning one, but we had a lot of success. We helped put the organization at least back and respectful. Oh yeah. You know what I mean? To be respectful again. So that was fun. I I and, and then the crazy part, we never argued man. We never got in each other way. That was the, and Paul tough, I argued about Paul all the time. He won't the toughest at that position. All Kobe who was the first or second year that y'all had that great record, y'all had it. What happened was, you know, so when Coach P came in first year, we only won 15 games my rookie year.


So we came in, we immediately jumped to 30 something. We didn't make the playoffs though. Yeah. But everybody's like, yeah, we right there. Then that lockout year happened and we didn't improve. That was Paul first that 99 year. Yeah. Yeah. One was like 20 games. I think it was like 52 games. Okay. We didn't, we didn't make no noise. We were, we were bad. And then the next year is when we took off. Oh okay. Coach Peak. Coach Peak. We got to a bad start. Coach P stepped down. Jim O'Brien stepped in. Yeah. And then we took off at 1 49. Yeah. Okay. That was the second year Then. Yeah. So it was like really like his second year that we took off under, under the Jim O'Brien. But yeah, coach p you know man, I played with about 50 dudes in two years.


You know, you can't do that in the league. Nah. Damn door. That's crazy. It Was, it was a revolving door. No in tanks. He wanted the press first of all. That was, that was probably the, the biggest problem That's outta pocket of the league is crazy. That's why college coaches don't make it. He wanted the press because Doing that shit 2, 2 1 is crazy. He, He, so he wanted the press. That was first of all. So it was, was tough finding guys that can really fit into that. And once that, once that was over, then he wanted to win. You know, you, you rebuilding. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So he, his patience was over. He traded Chauncey Billers bro. Sicky Billers was our third pick about 40 games in the seat. How you jealous somebody after 40 Might play a little more than that.


It's like 40 or 50. But He was, he was upset 'cause they was taken for Tim BD But we got three or six. Yeah. We had three or six pick. So we get Chay and Ron. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? We rebuilding, we building the team, we finna be good. Yeah. Man outta pocket is crazy though. Yeah. I'm glad Coach P stepped down. Yeah. Uncle. That's My dog. But you outta pocket portraying Chauncey your first year because that, that TG would've been insane bro. Man You gotta think it was Chauncey, me, Ron and P. Yeah. Damn. You could have been, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Y'all coulda had some special could squad. Yeah that was nice. But you know he, he got patient but from my understanding he probably could tell the story different. He was in, you know, ke, he loved Kenny Henderson because he traded for Kenny.


Yeah, yeah. Kenny was kind of like, I think he was, I would say he was out his prime. He was in Wicked mad but he wasn't what we prime Kenny. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But he always loved Kenny from New York. Yeah. So he got an opportunity to get Kenny. So he got Kenny. I think that was some New York stuff they had going on, You know What I mean? Definitely Mob to was Yeah It Is a little Deeper. Right. It was like that. Yeah. But that, that's, that's what made it special though. But man yeah, I played with Chauncey man I played half a season with Chauncey. What's up outta there bro? Chay would've been for life. Where she chay to Denver? Yeah. Where Chay? Yeah. Yeah. Denver. Denver to Minnesota. Denver First then he, Then he went to, he Got Brian Stiff.


Y'all remember Brian Stiff? No. Crazy. He wasn't on, he wasn't on my, remember Brian he must been 99. Making Me like I'm old Brian. Still, still cu deal. LeBron Neil. What was more like, you know you had your own shoe. Yeah we had Jason Tatum the same thing. If it was more what was better having your own shoe or being on the cover of the video game. Wow. That's a great question. I think being on the cover of the video game Live too. And that was a special live too. Yeah man. What? Yeah, live Night is Tough one. The process of of of going through it.


The making of it. It wasn't even about the bread 'cause the bread back then probably what they paying now is probably quadruple what they paying the guys now. But just the fact of I'm finna be in like 20 million homes. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like this, that was like the, the dopest part about it. Nah de in my Crib but like came I, we bought that game Live and that was Yeah Live was shit joint. And that was before 2K Live was that shit. That Was the last one though. Wasn't In the pro in the press? Nah, Nah, nah. Before two. He was 99. Right. 98. Oh 90 Live still had a run when, 'cause remember Georgia back on The Wizards and all that shit. Y'all was still playing live 2003. Shit. People was playing live two, I respect. Nah 'cause 2K had a run in the beginning on Dream ca but then Dream ca then 2K was kind of iffy until about First two, 2000.


2000. I don't know. Dreamcast took over though. That's the difference. Came back. Yeah. Yeah. Nah respect. But it was dope though the process like putting on the little, the whole little spandex suit and going through the moves and Yeah. You know, really feel like you gotta, you know, be a part of, they gonna use your moves and stuff for, so I always thank my agent for that back. I'm like man this is one of the dopest deals you ever got me. To be able to be a part of that and to see where the game's at now. You know what I mean? Yeah. At least I can go back and throw that. I can always show that little me on the cover. I mean, nice. I was a part Of it. Now when you, when you hopped on the game, did you, did you pick your team? Nah, I never wanted to play with myself. But we played that game a lot. My boy up that way. You know we used to play that. That was it. We played video man.


Nah, all of 'em games. That was So you, You ain't picked Yourself? Nah, nah, it's hard to pick myself. I pick myself every single time. I'll shoot that bug every time. If I'm on the cover light yet, I'm 55 or eight Every game lose draw. I'm shoot every shot with me and I better be a 95. At least I'm, I'm living out my dreams. Did Aint put the shit me on the game had to. Nah, I, I didn't. That was before Graphics got real achy. That was before it got real. Nah, That shit with a glitch. Huh? It shitty game turned off. I don't even remember doing it like it doing for the game. Nah. And today boy they had that, the signature where that'd be fire.


I'm trying to think about it. Like, nah, I don't think, and I had a commercial, they didn't even use it for the commercial either. Maybe for the commercial. They used it for the commercial. Damn. Did you realize like at that moment you like man I'm a superstar or was it like still just like I'm hooping man My biggest moment was probably outside of one. You know, we all feel when we get drafted. Yeah. Which made it. But outside of that, to be honest, probably Allstar. Yeah. When I actually got selected to Allstar when I was in that bus, bro, with all those dudes in that locker room. And as a fan you got think I'm looking at Reggie Miller, I'm looking at, you know Joe, I'm looking at Tim Hardaway. Yeah. Alonzo Moore. I'm looking at all the dudes. I just like, every day I'm on TV watching these dudes.


Now I'm in the same locker room with 'em. You know what I mean? Larry Bird was the coach. Yeah. That is a crazy, You know what I'm saying? So it was just that whole thing. Then I'm in Madison Square Garden for the game. You know what I'm saying? So I think that probably was when it like really hit me like, no, I really arrived. I ain't me and you got the same experience. My first All-Star game was in my only All-Star game. We was in Madison Square Garden too. And that's, I had that same feeling. But you kept playing and kept your All-star game. I was good. I had my moment. Shit. I, I felt like I, I missed, I I felt like I got snubbed twice. Mm. You know what I mean? The other years I didn't deserve it, but I felt like it was two other years. I I should have made it. But you was like sitting at the crib like Yeah when they doing on TT they doing the the reveal and you like, man I know I'm finna make it.


Yeah, now you make it. I was a little a salt damn Four Years. D DC I did, they played in DC I'm trying to think what year that was. Because you was there DC Denver 2 0 3, right? Yeah. Okay. I went, well I played in three and then also the rookie game. Okay. Yeah. The Cleveland. So my first year I played made the rookie team that was cool in Cleveland. 'cause we all, none of us made it. But Kobe, I think Kobe was the only one that made the, the real Allstar game. Mm. So me, ai, all us was on just the rookie game. For Sure. You talk about that, that other, you know what I'm saying? George five one. How was that game man? The what Jordan? The last one? Yeah, the last one.


Real one I about say my nigga 2K. My apologies. He heard me Though. I knew, I knew he talking about My apologies. The, The last one, the last one was special for me. All, All honesty for me personally, that was the year MJ came back. I don't know if you guys familiar, but, and when he came back in oh three, I got a real, I got a phone call that summer and we, you know, I, I kind of like controlled the run with the pickup ball where we played at, which is actually right on the street that we were on filming. Right. But the thing is, when he called me he like, yo block number, you know, just like you could call people block and everything private number.


And he like, yo, I'm I'm, he's like, yo, I hear you got a, you know, you got the run going and I'm thinking about coming back. I'm like, it is like may bro. I'm like, I'm about to go on vacation, kick it. We locked out the playoffs. He like, I'm trying to get in the gym and I need you to call everybody in the gym and get them in the gym. I'm trying to come back. So you know, Michael Jordan tell you that you know, you like man. I'm like, okay, I'm, everything stopped now. I'm sure I'm back in the gym. Yeah. So we stopped. We, I called all the guys like, yo MJ want to come back. And he wanted everything to be pro. He wanted, he wanted to work out in the mornings. So we all used to work out with Tim Grover in the mornings lifting legendary and doing, you know, our conditioning with him.


And we played every day at two o'clock. You, I'm talking about man, Jimmy used to be 35, 40 pros. Like you lose you that you might not get back on, you may not get back on the court. Like we used to have to start another court just so guys can get some work in. Yeah. But everybody wanted to be on that main court, you know what I mean? Going against him. But he wanted everything to be simulated to coming back. So I got an opportunity of a lifetime man. We became really good friends. I started hanging with him off the court, spending a lot of time with him. And the best part was just his competitiveness man. Just to see how he worked, how hard he worked, even at the age that he was at and how good he was and where I could see the separation to him and you know, some of the greats and how he separates himself determine to win.


I mean every day was a battle bro. Just to talk shit like, who won today? Like we know we gonna play 10, 12, 15 pickup games. He won, dominate that, that whole set. Mm damn. He want to, he want to dominate that run. Just to watch how he took that. It just instilled a lot in me and like the work that you gotta put in to actually win a championship and to be at the level that he is at. But those are invaluable years that I would, I would never pass up the two years I got to be with him and be up on his umbrella and watch him work. And especially at that age. And I finally got me one in oh six so I was able to talk some shit back to him. But he, you know, he type person like you ain't never worn nothing. Like if you ain't won nothing, you can't really talk shit to him. He about winning. Yeah.


Like what's that, like, what's those moments like? Like being with MJ and I heard this all the time, I been around him sometimes and he just talk a bunch of shit. Oh copy. I mean he just like us man. He, he talk big shit. Not a bunch of shit. Big shit. But I mean, how can you argue with him? You can't. You gotta, you gotta like, you gotta find every good thing you got going on in like, You gotta find everything you can man. But I'm in surreal moment. You know, you gotta think about it man. We all grew up Michael Jordan fans man. So to have an opportunity to be around him, to know him personally, to know his family, know his kids and be in his personal space was, was something that I always appreciated and always loved and and value to this day.


You know what I mean? So you don't, you don't pass up those opportunities. And we all did. Myself, Mike Finley, wan Howard, Ken Richardson, I mean Bobby Simmons, like all of us had the opportunity of a lifetime to be around him on a daily basis and out and train with him. And it was special and it was, you know, it was fun memories man. On and off the court for sure. You talk those names, but there any younger players, it was like almost an NBA or college kids that was around y y'all seen like Blossom after those runs. Ah man, Bobby was one. Okay. Bobby comes up, Bobby ended up getting most improved. Well he started, MJ took him to Washington with him. I don't know if y'all know the story. So he went Washington with MJ and then ended up trading to Milwaukee and then Bobby ended up turning to, you know, most improved.


I think he won six man, all that stuff. So yeah, to see him do that was one. And I think that came from being up under Mike Toolers. That's me personally from watching it. 'cause Bobby was always very skilled and MJ kind like injected that into him. Like, you, you know, you could be better. You could be good. So that's the one guy that kind of, you know, sticks out to me like right off the top of my head that that really benefited from that situation. For Sure. Oh, I'll start with you in the situation, y'all can both kind of relate to this, you know, having a base in a great franchise for a long time and then switch your teens the First time. You know what I'm saying? Leaving Boston the First time, you leaving the Hawks the First time, how is that feeling? Like you feel like you built something, he'll build rapport. It's like, all right, now I gotta move on to start the next chapter of my career, man.


What's that moment like? Man, I ain't gonna lie man. I'm gonna keep it real, man. I was crying like a baby. Mm. Like I, I couldn't believe I got traded bro. It was like, it was, 'cause I felt like we was just starting to like become one of the, you know, we, we did loose, we Easter conference finals. We ended up losing New Jersey but we caught the New Jersey team when they were, they get to the finals back to back Up J Kid K Mark. But I felt like we was like, you know, that we was right there to like really turn the corner so it hurt like personally by myself. I cried like, damn, I ain't want to go nowhere else. You know? If we had built so much there, we were starting to, you know, really get to that next level and then to get traded. It was tough. But the best thing for my trade, a lot of people don't stand. I got a chance to go play with three, you know, three great players, man.


I got just play with Mike Finley, Steve Nash and Dirk. Yes sir. And then Antoine Jameson was our sixth man. Damn. Y'all had a whip down there at, Yeah. So, you know what I'm saying? So I went to a situation now I knew I was gonna win where, and they ain't have to do it all, you know, in Boston, you know, me and Paul felt like we had to go get 55, 60 a night with that team. I ain't have to do that. We have four, five guys that can get it done. So that was a diff that was different. And it was, that was a good situation. But we just ran into that Sacramento team, man. That last Sacramento run. Y'all remember that last run. We, Mike Biby, all that. We ran to that last run. We, so we couldn't, we didn't get over that hump. But that was, so I got traded to a safe, I would say a safe space where, you know, sometimes you can go to a situation, you'd be down in Memphis at that time that was bad.


People went to die. I Mean, I could have went back to Atlanta where yeah. Terrible. You know what I'm saying? I could have went to a bad, a bad situation, but I went to a a a a winning situation. So I think that was, that's what helped me out a lot. Did you see that potential in Dirk? Yeah. He was tough. I don't know if I saw MVP, you know, Dirk at that time. But I saw the skillset. The game was changing over the, when the big man could shoot the three step out. 'cause Dirk don't really got a lot of shake me down, handles everything. Is pump fake, air fake and he legit seven feet. Seven foot. Yeah. So he getting it off his, you know, with his arc and everything. So, but you can see it though, he was starting to get his toughness. Him and Steve Nash had a great, you know, chemistry together.


So we had to fi like I had to figure out how to play with them more so than, you know what I mean? Them having to figure out how to play with me. I had to like get in the corner, get some cuts, backdoor cuts. You gotta like figure it out. 'cause they, everything was going through those two guys. Okay. And A lot of people don't know for, for the younger people watching this, Michael Finley was a dog. Oh yeah. Michael Strong too. Michael was dog. Michael was, Mike might've been the second lead score. 'cause you know, Nash is more like a 15 to 15 type of guy facilitator. But I think Mike was the second lead score on that team. Yeah. Had a squad. Yeah, we top six was good. And we had Travis best too. Y'all know Travis best was nice too. Oh yeah. We know him. Travis Best drib out shot clock killer.


Yeah. So we had Best legend. We some games though. Yeah. Best We underachieved though. Losing the first round was was an underachievement. Yeah. You know what I mean? So that we never got a, got a chance to see it out. And then obviously y'all know what happened this summer. Steve Nash went to Phoenix. Yeah, yeah. Broke that up real quick. Oh, Straight up. That was necessary though. That was necessary. Yeah. Mark Cuban dropped the ball on that, But it, it, it it, He got Phoenix lit too. That's what I Was, That was necessary. Yeah. Like that's that's, it's crazy how like, it, it could change in months but yeah, he, he left. And So that next year was your last year? No, I, I played my last year in the, in the league?


No, no, No. Dallas. I'm talking about the Dallas. Oh, I the got traded. That's what I'm Saying. And then Q was like, yo, I gotta get a point guard and I got traded for Jason Terry. That's how he came to the hook. Yeah. He came and blessed the city. Yeah. Straight up for Jason Terry. That's how Jason Terry ended up there. Yeah. And, and then I went and played half the year. Like I was telling y'all earlier in the cats, man, it, we was terrible. It was, it was like mad. So, and the funny part about it, the Celtics called me. So I was still really good friends with the equipment manager and people in the front office. So me and Danny Ains, you know, we had some words in the paper and everything so we wasn't on the, the same page. So they was like, yo, would you come back?


I was like, yeah. I was like, immediately please come get me. Please come get me outta here. Next thing you know bro, I'm the west coast. They called me and was like, man, they traded back for me. So it was different for me 'cause Doc was the coach. So I, I was, I think I wanna say, I don't know if it was doc first year or if it was the second year. Was that oh five? Yep. Yeah. Oh five around that time. I dunno if it was dock first year with the cel or second. I Think it was Right. I think it was Orlando. Yep. But it was dope because they were like five or six games of the 500 and we won like the 12 out of 13. Like we took off. It ended up being the three seed and got upset by the Pacers. Yes sir. By you boys. He loved it forever.


I remember. Yeah. Y'all fuck Beat us the seven games. They gave me the fake suspension fight. Jermaine O'Neal, the fake fight, like all that. Like I was That's crazy man. Like yeah. Was that's how I went. And then I didn't, and then that summer I didn't sign back. The felt just kinda lowballed me. Yeah. And Miami offered me more money. Sure. I signed with Miami. Is it true when you get to Miami? It's a real culture. Like That body fat shit. Body fat. Yeah. I had my run ass bro. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie, man. That Was on that with you? Yeah, so the First time I get there, so when I, when I signed, he's like, he came, he brought me in. So I played at like probably two between 2 55, 2 60.


And he was like, I need you at two 50 and 10% body fat. You got 30 days. Like, its like you got, you know, 'cause training camp starts. So he's like, you need to get down here, figure it out. I need you. That's why I want you at by opening night. So I basically had two months to get there and he give you a break until once the season start you gotta weigh in every Monday. So every Monday you gotta weigh in. So he give you a number. So your number may be, like I said, mine was had to be between 2 48, 2 52 at that time. And then had to be 10% body fat. So you gotta weigh in every Monday. You gotta be at those numbers. You don't, you get fine. That's crazy.


So you ever been on a team where they had to Hell nah. Had to Check in? No. So How'd that go? I mean, I wouldn't Care. I mean, it was cool. I, I had one episode that I, that we didn't come in, but it was me, posy and Shaq, bro. Like, y'all know how skinny Posey is. I'm like, how Pose didn't make kids, but Pat was, he was in one of them mood. So I got suspended once for like three games. But yeah, he was on it every week. He used to be on it. That was a, that was, damn, that was like a pet peeve of his. So you got suspended if you didn't make that that like, That was a Oh yeah, I got suspended. Three games for it. My, my first year. My second year I did shit. Damn. Yeah, we got suspended. Shaq said he used to finesse it. I forgot his. Yeah, yeah. With the baby oil. Yep. But Shaq, you, Shaq, if you ever had Shaq tell your story.


Shaq always tells the story. Shaq when we played was three, like three 20. He was up, if you ever look at it. But Shaq said he played him the Lakers at three 70. God, that's what he, that's what he said. I mean I don't know how true it is, but Shaq said he played with the Lakers at three 70.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah. It was like, do I send the heart now Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What?


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL UN scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network analyst. And boy oh boy does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way. NHL network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're just soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts Burki That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Dem the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays. On Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season run.


Three 70 might be have five square 18, 3 70 price. And you know Shaq was MVP? Yeah. Yeah. So he he won the multiple a couple times at that weight. Yeah he was shit. Yeah at that weight. So yeah, him and Shaq used to bump heads a little bit about that. Yeah, a little bit. He said he used to skin him about about that though. He said well I put that baby oil on me. Smooth, smooth cooling up. That's got Grabbed with The slip right off of You did fat with you. Did the body fat That Smart as shit though. Tw you should have tapped, you should got baby. That's crazy. I was like, I was like 8.2 or something.


I wasn't like off man. I was, man I changed my life for that. Yo. I had full time cook. I was eating good like you had to like you gotta buy in. Yeah. Like you gotta buy in to keep it up. So like, I mean me when I went to Miami, you know we going out, we going tussy, booby, trap, whatever it is. Live like living there and playing there and knowing that you got a body fat thing every Monday. What's that like? Do y'all go out Man, I, we did. I ain't gonna lie, I'm gonna tell you this. The steam room became my best friend. Oh Okay. Yeah. The steam room. Like that was, that was a big part of my resume. But yeah, we had to go out man. How you going not go out? We in Miami's and then, you know I was in Miami when Liv first started so it was just getting popping.


Like everybody was just starting to come there and then it used to be turned up. I, I tell people I never partied and played basketball bro. Like that in my life when I went to Miami, can't help it man. It's 85 degrees outside. Yeah. January 15th it's 85. You know everybody in town. So I had to like discipline myself. So I started doing like this. Like And then you got friends on every team. Yep. So everybody call you like, and they don't care about, they, they don't even care about Miami got the best kept secret in the world. Home court events. Home court advantage. They don't even care. They call and like, yo, I want to get out So you gotta go out. That's the night I don't drink though. You I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna take you out. But I ain't gonna drink that night. I'm gonna try not to drink that night.


You gotta do it on your own. Wait till they gone. And That's, that was Atlanta though. Everybody come up always. Especially the West Coast teams. They come for that one game that year. Everybody be drunk everything next day. We knew we was gonna beat y'all about 20. Well Oh yeah. You definitely got an advantage. Yeah. Oh definitely. They, they gonna to get wasted. Everybody kind. Yeah. That's the only thing about it. Tough part about playing there. You got to have discipline. Yeah you have to discipline yourself because it's something, it's just nice every day man. You know you coming outta practice 85 degrees. It's hard. You Play good in Miami though. Yeah, I like 1213. Yeah, something like that up. But you know I caught, I caught the the Prime D Wade. Yeah that, that D Wade. That was the 36 in the Yeah.


Five. That's, that's the greatest finals ever bro. I caught the active D Wade. You think that's the greatest finals D Wade, you know we talk our shit. We love you D Wade, you know what I mean? You, you can't folk but that his finals performance is the greatest of all time bro. Mm. Better than Dirks. Yes. Hmm. That's tough. Dway average. I I might be off 35, you know I'm a Lemme help you out. He 35. How'd The series off? Oh 2 0 2. So yeah So Do that Miami and shout to Twin and them but he it old school now but was holding everybody was was on the side. I like D Wades and there's two other ones I liked I thought was special.


That old school one MJ against Phoenix was was something special. Crazy. And then Giannis Giannis did go crazy but GNI Asleep Bro. GNI missed the first game. Who? Former E was killing number. I know how shit Free throws that whole that the whole series. He was terrible before that. Brian. Oh that makes sense. Be Three one. That's the best. I would love to see where Kyrie's on that list Too. That's the best. Brian I'm Sorry's the bus come back. But I think the N NBA A is real. I got, I gotta, I gotta rethink that. I forgot about bro since 2016. Man D Wade was ill Bro. Nah he was killing shit.


Ain saying he sad but I'm just saying that bro. Him averaging that like on that team bro at such a young his Yeah Third year in the league bro. And will y'all to the finals like that bro. Come On Man. And what's so far about y'all team? Y'all had a lot of like savvy and good vest was Jay Will, what's that? Will Side point guard? Yeah, J Will was good. What was good for D Wade and a lot of people don't know this was gp. I was gonna say GP under too. Even though GP was older and wasn't the same gp but GP allowed D Wade not to have the guard. The the main score, the two guards GP guarded them late. A lot of people don't know that that GP closed most of the games out. Jay will obviously started and everything but GP closed a lot of the games out.


So D Wade didn't have to guard at the two spot GP would guard those guys and Posey Posey was really good, you know, guarded guard perimeter guys too. So that's, that's what was special about that team D Wade. We was able to protect him where he could be him on offense. So what was y'all game plan for Dirk? Let him see different looks. You D star on him. I guard him post guard him, let him see like four or five different guys. It didn't really, it didn't really work. He still had a great series but you know, you know how you can get used to one guy guarding. Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? We wanted to make sure he saw different bodies, different looks, you know what I mean? Like you d no he's smaller.


UD like 6, 6, 6 7. UD gonna do a lot more front. Gonna front him a lot more than they maybe I will. Yeah. You know what I mean? And so it's just like Posey obviously you can't put on the floor with Pose. Pose had good, good. So we gave him a lot of different looks. I think that was our, that was our advantage for him. Okay. And he still played great though. Yeah, he still put up some numbers but, and it was good for the guys too 'cause everybody didn't have to have that assignment by theyself. Yeah. You know how sometimes you gotta take that punch in by yourself? Trust me That I, I had D rolls in the playoffs. Oh. Nobody else wanna switch off on them. Oh wow. MVP D rolls. I'm like damn Jamal Switch. Oh you got Squad First time ever played in the playoffs. Really? Oh wow.


Yeah, they ain't wanna switch nothing. But it's all good. I was gonna ask you 'cause I I was a part of a championship team. We ain't had no after party. We wanted a chip even went home with they families ate chicken nuggets, shit like that. What did did y'all do when y'all wanted a chip? So we went in Dallas, which was not good but okay we went in Dallas. So Pat robes, he running out one the ballroom. So yeah, guys had their family so we started partying there, DJ food, everybody was kicking it and then shit, we told Roger we want to go home, we wanna go to Miami. Where Lit Erky. So we end up leaving like six in the morning. Oh. A lot of people don't know that. We flew back at six in the morning the next that morning at the partying where I was like, everybody get they stuff, pack your bag, leave your family here, they gotta get home.


We gone and we went over there Miami, we did You did Kings of Diamonds, man. Diamonds. It was diamonds. I'm sorry it was called diamonds. We went to Diamonds the next night. We spent about one 50 in that, bro. The singles. Damn. But it was all of us though. You know what that looked like, bro? Yeah bro. We out there Lord. We was on the stage with the dancer. Damn Twan. Oh fool. You had your jersey on? Nah, I had my 50 and C was crazy. Yo, we went, we partied right there bro. And then for me personally, I I left them after the parade. I went on my 30 day hiatus, bro.


I went 30 days, 30 nights. I act a fool. Fuck. I thought you was gonna to get right. Nah, you got right. That's how I, I grabbed my boy from Kyle, grabbed my boy Joe from college. I was like, yo, we finna hit it. So I started in Chicago, had a draft party, I mean, had a, a championship party in Chicago and took off and just hit all the high cities, bro. Oh. But Went on tour After the raid tour that's I went on tour. Yeah. And I supposed to met the team, lemme tell you how crazy it was. So we got, you know when you win it, you get invited to the ies. Yeah. So we supposed to be the champion team to go to ESPYs, bro. I got alcohol, poison. I, I killed myself. Damn. I couldn't even, I couldn't even make it to, I, I met LA in the bed at the ESPYs.


Couldn't even get, couldn't even make it. But the guys, man, I missed the ESPYs that year. What day was that? Was that day 25 or something? About Day 20 did because you know the ESPYs like end of July. So I was like, like day 20. Oh I tried to go 30 days. I I'm not front. I try and I ain't never, I I won with a college head pro bro. You couldn't tell me nothing. Yeah, that's hard. You remember that song? The Champ is here. I used to have every DJ I give 'em a hundred. The champ is here. You man, that was my thing right there man. I had a ball boy. I never won no championship. The NBA chip after hearing all those stories, ah man, I enjoy myself and what nobody I know everybody else did.


I know what I did. Yeah. Y'all squad had a lot of people who was looking for that first ring too. So that was super dope to see how y'all celebrated that Situation. Man was probably Alonzo, probably was the, was the happiest all four man. Yeah. It, a lot of people don't know and I don't, I'm surprised nobody ever talk about it, you know, to see him bro. He was taking like 80 pills a day to make it, you know, 'cause for his kidney, kidney strong. So to watch him every day, you know what I'm saying, had to take the pills and go through all of the treatment he had to do just to play that season. That's crazy. Was special for him. Like, you know, for all of us to see him actually get one. Damn. That's what I really felt it for. Like, 'cause man a lot of us would've just retired. Yeah. You know, a lot of people wouldn't have went through that. Yeah. And challenge their health and endure endure their helped in that situation to play basketball.


And he was obviously a big part of our team and, and what we was doing that year. So to see him go through that and and get one for him was, it was special. Oh, That's dope. That is dope. Nah, that's fire man. Yeah, that them man, he meant be, he used to take them pills like Skittles, like, I'm like man, he had to take like 40, 50 pills a day. Damn. Just to keep his, his numbers. So after the game we all leaving, he backed up with the trainer, with the doctor making sure his number's right so he can leave like, you know, that's outside the games and stuff like that. So that was over for to be a part of that. Yeah, I would've, but I can't even, Most guys would've quit. I would've, I've, yes. I can't even take a to Nah, nah. See him me, you on 50 pills is crazy. See Him. To see him come back, man. To see him be a part of that and play the huge part in what he did West Man Love the game special.


Yeah. Shout to Zoe for Sure. Yeah. So that was, that was, that was the one guy that was special to see him enjoy that championship. For Sure. Man. We talk about you and Savanna the game. Who are some young players remind you of your game or some of the young players you rock with out right now? Right now in the league. I ain't gonna lie, I, I, I love watching. He's not, we gonna play the same position, but I'm loving watching Anthony Edwards right now. Hey, I tune to him every night, every time I get a chance. Obviously, you know, I'm a little biased, but I love him boys, Jason Tatum and Jalen Brown. Yes sir. You know, watching them, especially over the last couple years and getting to know them personally, being around the organization. I love what they doing up there. And then I still, I'm still, I'm still a Giannis fan man.


I still, I still, I still like Giannis man. I still like when Giannis is doing it in, in Milwaukee, people Get bored with greatness kind of. 'cause he been doing the same thing for so Long. And then the, the regular guys, you know what I mean? I, I still appreciate kd you know what I mean, what he's doing on a daily basis. Now obviously I know they're not having as much, you know, team success, but, you know, I'm a little biased to guys at six, eight to 16 that can, you know, shoot it put on the floor. Kinda my favorite guys. I'm starting to fall in love now with Carl Anthony Townsman over the last two years. I hate balling, you know what I mean? The way he's transformed his game now and mixing and matching, you know, with the three and going inside now. So I'm, I'm loving what he's doing over the last couple years. So I'm, I'm them the guys I like watching and tuning in too is the guys that you know, that are versatile and I mean I think for this game now I do still believe the point guard position is the, the toughest.


Yeah. I think every night you don't get, you don't get a night off. You think the league's in good hands though? Post LeBron and them when they done hang it up? Yeah, because I think it's more balanced. I think even if you look at the records now, there's no real no complete domination. You know what I mean? You ain't got nobody, you know, I know a couple teams got decent records but you ain't got nobody really dominating the league where you know they're gonna be, it was at one stretch and you guys knew that Golden State. We knew Golden State and Cleveland was gonna be in the finals. Yeah, for sure. I mean that stretch we knew no matter what went on. Yeah. We knew LeBron was coming out the east and we knew wasn't nobody beating Golden State. Yeah. So you don't think Boston got a landslide over everybody? I do, but I think they vulnerable.


I obviously, I am biased. I do believe they goggle. I like the, I like the additions they made. I like they set they first seven to eight guys are are really good. Yeah. I think Jason Tatum has a chip on the shoulder. I think if he could win a chip this year after had the thing happen in the Olympics, I think would be speak volumes because I know we would have to play a big part in them to actually win it. Most definitely. Okay. But it's just, I think it's, I think it's more balanced. Yeah. I mean I, I I think which is good for the league, I don't, I'm not a big fan of the end season tournament. I'm a little old school. I know sometimes people say that, but I, I like the grind of 82 game season and, and that I think, you know, when you start putting the money emphasis just for the tournament, I think it still devalues it.


You know what I mean? Because that's what it's really for, guys. Like, okay, well I ain't getting half a million, I wasn't a part of that. You know what I mean? I don't think guys are taking that serious but I, I like, I like the 82 game season grind man. I like the, the original way. Let's let's grind for 82. Who could stay healthy? Who could put together they runs, who could stay focused. I like that. And That's one thing people discount a lot. They're just like, well it ain't always the best team to win. It's a team that's most healthy. Well that's a part of like playing the 82 game season is you have to do all these things to win. It's not easy to win a championship. Yeah. And then I but the, and then you watch the, the tournament and then you see some of the guys that 11th to 15th man get an extra half a million, you feel real good. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So that's the part that you love about it.


'cause those guys, you know, guys making the league minimum and stuff like that. So you feel good for those guys. So it's hard, it's nice in that sense. But just as a basketball guy, I, I still like the 82 game season grind. I do like cutting the preseason down. Those games don't mean anything. Nothing at all. So I man, because it's different now, bro. Yeah. I remember when we used to go to training camp, bro, it used to be 22, 23 guys in camp. So you can actually do your guys a day off your, your main guys. Yeah. But now guys are coming to training camp with just their, their roster. Their team. Yeah. Yeah. So that's why I think it makes it, you know, it's a little different now. They ain't, they ain't bringing 22, 23 guys to training camp no more. I was gonna ask you, I know you had a quote and they asked you why you shoot shoot so many threes and you said, 'cause there's no fours.


How do you feel about the league now? It's crazy. Like you see Boston shooting, that's one of the hardest quotes I ever seen. I swear. But Boston on average I'm gonna shoot 48 to 53 is a game. Yeah. Know, I just, I just shot 69 of Like so how, how do you feel like being a guy who said it wasn't enough? Actually I'm hating bro. Hey for real. Yeah because bro I took so much punishment, you know, two years back to back. I think I led the league in three point attempts and that used to kill me. They killed me. The media would kill me. I think I shot like 600 and something twice and they, they would, I would get negative writeups about it.


And now I see it now as such a big part of the game. It's like the championship team is like their biggest weapon. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So in essence, you know you'd be hating like damn. And then I wondered like, damn if I could play in this damn era, I probably left a hundred million on the table for sure. You for sure did. I, you know, I left money on the table if, if I could play in this era. So I'd be hating in that sense. But I like it. I mean it just depends. I think it can get a little carried away. I do hate the fact that nobody's posting up. Yeah. Nah that's out the game. Like nobody's posting up. Yeah. And that I do hate that part 'cause we did have some great low post players guys that can post up everybody. Yeah Know we used to have good play guards that can post up now nobody wants to post up Sam Casale. Sam Ell hit Mark Jackson, Andre Miller.


I do hate that part of it that we don't have No, no, no, no guys really But You you paved the way though. I was a part of it. Yeah, you It, you really pave The way. But I, I look at when I see like Carl Anthony Towns and I see other big guys making threes and a big part of it, I'll feel good. I'd be like yeah. I mean you get to see that 'cause you see more guys being able to step outside and make it. I mean shit. Look at Mby Wouldn't be crazy. He's Seven five Bro. He's made in the chamber. It's 15 threes and you see, I mean obviously we know pop has been sick but whoever thought we would see a guy on pop team shooting 15 three never Thought I'd see that. Yeah. Straight up. I wanted to ask you too, like who was your favorite teammate man your whole career?


Who was that guy that you was My favorite? Favorite teammate? Man. Man. Probably Paul. Probably P. Yeah. 'cause we, we got to spend the most time together. We went through that grind of trying to get the Celtics back to respectability. But I think it more importantly, me and Paul hung out a lot off the court. And you guys know this and Jeff, you know that a lot of guys sometimes we be teammates but you don't really hang out. Yeah, yeah. And kick it. But me and Paul got to really spend a lot of time together. Our families, Paul will obviously come up here and support me in anything I'm doing. I'm a supporting him and so we built a real special bond so that, that's probably my favorite. That's why like a lot of people gave me a hard time. Even like D Wade, when they ask me YI remember the comparison between like him and D Wade and stuff like that.


It's tough for me 'cause I mess with D Wade from the crib good friend, but then me and Paul like brothers, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. So it makes it hard. So I have just that much respect for him. But just the grind, the grind we went through every day man it was special trying to man get that story franchised back to respectability and it's crazy now we don't see each other a lot but when we in Boston together we pick right back up. You know what I'm saying? Like clockwork. How did y'all go about like who, like I know you say y'all games never got in the way of each other, but was it like moments where you like, shit Paul don't pass that motherfucker keep shooting at ho. Oh yeah. All the time. Yeah. Yeah like that. Like I was never like I was, I was all like trying to win like and his skillset different than mine, you know what I'm saying?


So you gotta respect guy's skillset. Yeah. Paul, one of those guys like you gonna go, he can go for 25 and a quarter. That one I wasn't the guy. I can go for 25 and a quarter. I could score, you know what I mean? I could have my moments but that wasn't never my thing. Paul had, he can get to the foul line, you know I was one of of those dudes that get 20 texts a year so rep won't mess with, You know what I mean? I'm gonna to get 20 texts a year. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm pay the fee. Yeah. So I'm, I'm, I'm one of those dudes. So Paul outta respect he gonna get to the line. So I would go, I would defer to Paul like bro you gonna get to the line, you can get two. Like, like I respected the fact of that and I just knew and I love this competitiveness. That's what we, I think we really hit home at like we both were super competitive.


Yeah. Like Paul, when that wanted to go at Kobe kalo, Anthony, LeBron James, like he, he loved them matchups like tho that's what he looked forward to. And you look at his numbers against those guys bro he got those 10, he all those numbers. Yeah y'all used To run that play. I don't know what it's called Republic talking about Yeah he called running it come across the middle. Right. Yeah. I used to be like that's a bucket. They go get a foul or a bucket every Time. Pound a bucket. I'm either throw it over the top, he gonna tell me, he gonna let me know with his hand. If he tell me he do this, he want it over the top. If not, if he steal him throw it in the middle. Yeah. Yeah. I get three assist game like that. That's true. Well we had draft King back Guarantee. That's the insight for I need, I gotta tell people with the plays I I'm gonna get three assist game off that.


But nah Paul man to me, I mean I know he gonna go in the hall of Fame but he's most most underrated player. So when they have that conversation I get a little upset about those conversations. 'cause he is in that conversation. Oh yeah. You can take your pick on who you like. I that, that's not for me to judge or what you like. But yeah he, in that conversation he may not have a national commercials and the national notoriety sometimes are those guys. But nah, he in that conversation most Def hall of Fame without a question. So you know, it's like mellow, you know a lot of, sometimes people don't talk about mellow and that he in that them guys in that conversation them are killers. First ball of life question. Life killers Like put that ball in the hole for real facts in different ways.


Like so I'm like, so I I I get upset sometimes because I know nationally in the, in the and the, the media gives the d Wades and the, you know the LeBron James and all those guys. The the, the recognition. But I think they appreciate that more from their peers like you and Jeff people who played against him, they give 'em they flyers to, you know what I'm saying? Paul piss man and and like the meow bro I got the utmost specs and I gotta see it. Day Day. And you got Gar Melo on the Post? Oh yeah. Earlier I got the early mellow di Denver Mellow. I was in Dallas shit. Oh Yeah I got that Dallas, that Dallas mellow four times That raging bull. I got That I got a four times. Ooh in the China shop young me.


That was wicked. Yeah. How was that? Was how'd you prepare for that? What was that like? Bro, I mean I ain't have to play D Dallas. You know Ain't Game we, we played zone in Dallas Zone bro. We at Sean Bradley, you know Sean Bradley seven, six Oh s Yeah he get In there we play two to three zone. So I, I got, I got away but no another stuff Two three in the league is crazy. Yeah. He was playing two three bro Guard league to the Past. Damn. Yeah for so man Man you know that you know Dirk? No I love Dirk Dirk know that but yeah Dirk wasn't guard them Premier Power the small four power force.


Hell No. That wasn't His job. You got them like man they never played. No They sound like me. Nah for sure man. Hey man, I tell per quick I learned how to take a charge when I went to Miami. I'm like man I'm gonna just put my body in front of somebody. You telling me to guard Tim Duncan kg back to back? Nah man you can't send me some help. Nah, I'm a front though. I learned how to front, that was my, and I learned how to take a charge. That was the best way to do it. You know you take a charge, they think you playing. Yeah, Yeah. That's the, that's the what we call it False hustles. Yeah That was Good. But you played man I Jeff you played with all the killers boy God. Oh, oh yeah. I ain't play no defense. Oh I know everybody highlight tape.


That's a fact though. Hey chill out That nigga watch it. Like look at this nigga. Look at Paul goofy ass. But you was in the era with a point guy. Might have been the best position in, in the league. Wasn't that started buddy. Every we talked about the other day every team had a almost a all star point guard. Yeah see I remember that. Yeah that was the best position to league. Yeah he was tough for you. Yeah. Like you got even guys that people wouldn't even think was like, like that you would be like shit you have a nightmare against them. Like young Kimba was a nightmare. Or like you think who was in Utah at the time? Darren Williams was in Utah. He was crazy. Yeah. Yeah He was unbelievable. Portland you had B Roy sometimes running the Point and then you still had guys like Andre Miller and all those dudes were still playing point guard too so.


Oh yeah, you had a tough Yeah They was crazy. Yeah I had a, I thought I had a tough, you had a tough 'cause I had the ticket Tim, Tim Duncan and you might get a Rasheed Wallace. Nah that's tough. C Webb C Webb underwriter had some with C Webb. I got, I called the C. The C Webb I, I had the best time against was Philly. He wasn't the same in Philly. Okay. He was really picking, popping in Philly. Oh yeah. He wasn't really posting up in Yeah all of, yeah I I you had your nice, it's probably about 10 killers at that Power four spot. Yeah. I'm gonna say about 15 at point guard. 15 to 20 To get some sleep. You had to get your sleep. Yeah. Gonna say you play in the era with the best pgs and you definitely had the best air Power force.


Yeah, He damn think about it when I was thinking about position but I knew his position 'cause I always said for a long time that the point guard position was the best position in the NBA. Yeah. On night out. Night out basis. Like you gotta get your sleep. Like you gotta think about it every night you got man like you might get a a Mike Conley in his prime man. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You would be like we about to play the Grizzly like we play Mike and you about to run and you about to and then you might get Rondo the next day and that's the worst. Yeah because you gotta block him out like Yeah Elite. I was, it's still, well I don't know. What would you say the best position is now? I don't Know. I'm still probably gonna say pg. Pg Still gotta be Still gotta be pg.


It's still Elite Point Guards all along. Each team like you just got, we just talking about who gonna get snub from the Allstar game. He still got D Fox Mike not make the Allstar team aging 27. That's crazy. Lalo averaging 30. You see you first and fan boat. He gonna get the Allstar game. What happens is we're Allstar now, especially once the starters get selected they just start going about records. Yeah the coaches records. We can't do the No I said the coaches go about right. They who pick, they who picket That wouldn't even who I pick it to me an Allstar is a guy if you ain't talked about and the scheme ain't to stop you on the board. You not the all star. This Is, this is the NBA nigga right here saying same thing I saying don't care about who wins.


Tell them why Ain't Coming to see me. I'm oldest. Nah you Yeah you're oldest. Oldest. You're oldest. I'm David R. David rougher in the Temptations. So you, So you ask your question What? So y'all ain Andy? Yes sir. Y'all point guard Tyrese Hallberg? Yeah That's his point guard. Yeah I don't, I just live, I just live there Unfortunately. Yeah. So that's what I'm talking about. So what not not this year But he still liked that though. He is. He is A good player. Hell yeah. Tyrese fired But he had a lot of lot happen to him in a year and a half.


He was contract Allstar team. Olympic team. He getting 17 a night bro. Right now I told you I'm a basketball, I watch the game. He's 17 a night now. He ain't, you know mean it. It's supposed to be going here and starting to come back down. Yeah It is. It is been real. Got a, I think he gonna to get back to it though. He just hit a little slumpy. He be killing his last, He hit a slump. He hit a slump. Well he'll be back but like you said Easton point guard, you look at Jalen Bruley killed. He Gotta leave though. He gotta leave Indiana End. Hey we about to wrap this shit up. No we not. No propaganda. Nah. Good appreciate That's Max deal. Yeah we get up out here, we start the Pacer. Hey, hey Nah we not podcast. Nah. But we appreciate you pulling up man.


Like we said, a long time coming. We appreciate your support man. You was early on but the support this Podcast Like y'all different different stuff man. We need good podcast out here man. To talk about the game the right way. Yep. And y'all interview real guys. Y'all ain't looking for the story. Y'all looking for the guys that have impacts in the game. So I think that that's great but I ain't against other guys that do do it and chase the chase the numbers. But you guys still bring a good perspective to it. So, and in a big space, this podcast space, y'all doing a good job man. We Appreciate It. People that we actually like's What I'm Saying. That's what I'm saying. Y'all bring it in a different space. That's why I like it. Y'all, your interviews be different For sure. Listen, we appreciate you pulling up man. Like share, subscribe. We'll do this again next time. Club five 20, we Out The Volume.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join Me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nam Ard to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Firkin Demers. Jason Mers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and N NA's Favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Kin Deur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.