
The Volume. All right, man. We back. Happy New Year. Another wonderful episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wells New Year. Same gang With me to my left. I got my dog Bishop. Be he out the pearls. How you what? Nasty, cool and Nasty. What's happening? Happy New Year. God damnit. For sure man. Hey man, I was cracking up 'cause everybody loved your Merry Christmas horse. Yeah. And and the real, that shit was funny as hell man. For sure. Shout out to all the supporters, the reals For sure. To my right. I got my dog. Young Nacho, young Teague. How you what? Yeah, we about to have fun today. I done had enough slander this week. I said I'm ready to fucking clown. I'm ready to turn this muff up. Oh Lord Jesus. I ain't gonna lie. Listen to, I don't do no handyman.


Everybody know me. I don't do no handyman shit. I barely know how to wash clothes so check this shit out. Damn. I got some bleach on my plate before I get here, but I ain't feel like taking 'em off. So Don't worry about it Todd. That's A helping nickname. Don't do that because Hold on. Lemme see. It ain't rainbow. Okay. Just it can be That's The, that's that's a new flag. That's the og. Oh that was the hippie was hippies. Right. That's, that's the OG, My friend, all that whatever that Sammy Sosa. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. You got the heaters on today though? OG fives. Ah man. Some fives. Yeah. I don't know why I put these on.


I swear they was about to dough. I ain't make that up. They about to dough for sure. Y'all should see my closet now. It's a whole bunch of shit by the dough. I'm about to have a nice little run for 2025. Okay. You gonna go crazy. I know Jordan bringing out that heat this year so we gonna go crazy. Gotcha. All right. This year, listen, you are going to be able to get some of your favorite shoes on sale, but it is at least four to five shoes every single month that come out this year in Denver. I mean every month this year in Denver. All of them are heat and I'm gonna get all of them. Yeah, I'm like February I'm gonna lock in like it. It is so much shit coming out February the Galaxy Foams come back out. Gotta have them. I did not get to get them the first time. I ain't get them. Alright. You got them? I already got them. I ain't gonna get them. Yeah. Shout out to everybody who was risking their life of Greenwood offering 'em shoes for all 13 pair that they had.


It was only available for four people to get. Damn. Yeah, me and Freaky Mike. We was full locker employees at the time man. But they was not fucking with us. I tried to get them flight one. They said no they wouldn't even know Discount Hold just they no damn. That was before Mod Galaxies. YIs bro. That whole pack them the flight ones. The chuck. It was a, that was a crazy pack bro. The kds. The KDS was crazy. Kobe's was crazy. It was Big Bang bro too right? Yep. Yeah, the orange joints right. Yeah that was a, that's probably one of the best. Nike basketball packs. The Nines. Is that it? Yeah, that's good. For Sure, for sure man. New Year. Same us. I wanted to ask y'all, do y'all do any of the cord culture traditions for New Year?


I know like black people, we always had like the black I peas, the cabbage, the cornbread. Do y'all fuck with that? I do. What blackout Peas mean? It's supposed to be quote unquote like a prosperity. I see what it mean. What it mean? I mean y'all nigga said blackout peas. I'm saying like what supposed to do. Yes. My wife is Spanish. We don't, we do something different. Yeah, yeah. No we drink Karachi Hachi. What's it called? What's it called? Hanta. OCHA Karachi. I said damn. That's what everybody get gifted A bunch of Shoes. Hey they said the all black ache is demiric inch cluster to all black forces. Are you gonna love that? The low? Yeah. Sleep.


Sleep. That's the All black low aches terrible, Horrible shoe. That's a horrible, horrible show. I hate low. Even all white ones Low ache are ass. You know How some of'em used to be cool? Nah, some of 'em, the color waves used to be Cool. They got bastardized the last couple years because once like the original color waves and it was cool but once they started doing the all red, the all blue it. I hate 'em. I I like mid aches and I mess with the high top original but that's it. The Low red, that was a, that was a Thoughty sneaker. The All red Lows. Yeah. Girls had those. Yeah. Shout out to all the bitches. That good. That's a, that's a telltale sign when her shoe was about to get slotted out, when they started doing the all solid colors and they dropped that all red joint. Yeah.


Yeah. Those are not the red October movie. No Air Max nineties hate them. Oh you do hate Air Max 90 infrared nineties is still golden to me. I fuck with with them Hate them. That's a, that's a staple of a Pike High school girl's for sure. The all white 2006, 2007 Them low key bus though. Nah bro. Every, it's some Show. Yeah, back then them bus bro. Them Bus. But the all black was crazy. Hey I ever been in a pressure moment pulls like where pressure is. Oh. When I can't pull out faster though. Alright. Respect. We all had them occasions. So my nephew shout out to my uncle, he, he part of the team now.


He had his first photo shoot nephew, a freaky mike photo shoot. So he had cupcakes on the butt. Oh okay. He didn't, not at all. So he was taking pictures and my man was in a full sweat talking about back shirt pits, everything in a full sweat and the air conditioning was on. Right. My boy was nervous. My boy was soner. He said when the lady wanted to see the photos of herself, he had to stand from a distance. He was like, I know I ain't stink but just in case what was, What was the issue?


Now we gotta see the proofs of who? It was probably been some pressure on the internet lens. Man. Who is shorty? What's her name? Oh, A black one? Nah, we didn't shout at this first. She Was a little bob. Nah, I said Malcolm, you know what I mean? I just wanted to show the girl some love so she could post on her page shop with milk. Yeah, she, she put Malcolm on the now boy was so he called me. Yeah. I was so nervous. I damn. He said Mike was in there laughing the whole time. I said yeah Mike used to that. Gee. Yeah he said for sure he yeah he used to, he put the whipped cream on him. Yeah, for sure. It was really bad though because he had on a black shirt and like when he said I was like damn bro, you could like see the, he had short y'all long.


My boy lost his virginity in the photo shoot game. Man shouts about man he doing out you Man going crazy this year. Yeah, yeah. That's dope though. I was hype for but it's still funny as hell. Yeah we gonna put his at, you know, I mean in the, in the YouTube video. So y'all book My boy all over the country For sure tap in with nephew going crazy this year. Alright, you popped up again bro. And this day in 2010 New Year's Day the Hawks played the Knicks and man one of the craziest off bench performers ever. Nate Robinson. Oh my God. They, they brought that up. They were just like Jeff Te is a part of everything. I ain't know if you remember what happened with that game. Yeah, I do remember that's the game. What he had had 41 off the bench. Yeah. He didn't play for like a month or something and I watched him work out before the game.


He was running the stadiums, you know I was a rookie and they was like, this was my rookie year and they was just like, you know, watch this guy train. He was training with Kenny Atkinson which became our coach like a year later or whatever. But he was training with him and I was just watching him. He put in all this work, he going hard and people just telling me to watch him. Like man that's how you gotta work out. That's how you gotta prepare yourself when you on play. Yeah. He don't play the first quarter. He end up suing there. He goes crazy. You come in the second quarter, he missed like his first couple shots. Everybody cheering when he come in 'cause he ain't played in no month. It's a bunch of New York fans in the stands. He come in, he end up start going crazy. I always sub in randomly Woody subbed me in like come on Woo, stop him.


What he got like 14 or some shit. He going crazy. He hit me with a snatch back pull up jumper hit. I come back out the rest of the game. He having this magical moment. Damn. I just remember we get to the third quarter, might been third or fourth quarter, I can't remember. We was going towards, they was going towards our basket, I mean or bench. He hit Marvin Williams with an In-N-Out loader And one he threw it up like that and one and he ran in the crowd. It was the hardest shit I ever seen. 'cause air all the fans ran to him while he was in the stands and he was like ah. And I stood up on the bench like I was like oh shit because I was so, it was so hard.


Like I was like that's hard. Celebrating on the opposing team is because it Was like R Park bro. It was like he was killing so bad and he was, I ain't never seen him before he was five two. I was like yeah this nigga's cold. That was one of the best perform, probably the best performance I ever seen when I was in the NBA bro. Damn. Yeah for him to come off the bench like you said. And I played at first Get 40 was crazy. I just laugh at all the highlight clips. But Mike Bibe was out there getting cut. Oh he was getting, he was frying but he was frying everybody. Yeah he killing everybody. Whoever was on him, he was just on that. So then the next game I just remember he had a terrible game like he killed us and then I was, you know how you like damn he about to be back in this shit and he ain't play that good the next game but that night he was, he like I was like damn Nate Robinson is cold.


Like I ain't gonna lie, he was one of the niggas I did not want to guard like any nigga that was under like five 10. I ain't like guarding him. Was Earl Boykins in the league with You? Yeah, I, I like Earl boykins up though That because Earl's little about he probably ain't one of smoke but like you said that's that football shit too. You know Nate played football. That's a different type of energy bro. Yeah, he didn't get tired but he was cold. He could make every shot. He just put on a show that night and then every time I ever seen him after that he put on shows every time we played them it was a show. I was like Nate Robinson, we was with the Bulls. He put on the show kill him. I'm like yeah this nigga's really good at basketball. Like yeah. And he always had that shit on too. Nate Robinson always hooped his shit too. Made it crazy. He was fresh as fuck. Every time he hooped.


Yeah the Kryptonite joints. He had a dunk contest like I remember them going crazy. Yeah, Nate Robinson real fucking Show. Yeah he did bounce too. Damn. I forgot about dunk contest Nate, Rob, Come on bro. Nah I Really did. That performance was crazy. Matter of fact man I need to go watch that on YouTube 'cause that shit was a, that was a moment. Nah, for show man. Shout out to Nate Robinson. Man. You watching it on YouTube right now? No I, I pulled it up. It just didn't look like you locked Earl boykins up when you Google It. Nigga thought, oh nigga go look man he shot that shot head. He shot that shot nigga I blocked it up. Earl Boykins blew past It. Oh my mama when he shot that, when he shot that shot is A team behind him. Mike. It's Respect. Wow. She gonna pull up for a jumper. I blocked it. You This, this a still picture. He said I get the footage that's, that's Earl footage.


That's he shot a jumper because everybody kept telling me before the game you going they was like, you gonna get a chance to play, you gonna play against Earl. He fast as hell. So I'm like kind of nervous and I started guard. I'm like this nigga ain't fast. I'm just as fast as this nigga. I'm bigger than him, I'm stronger than him. They like, he bench pressed three 15. That little, I'm like man this nigga and I, I'm not gonna say he was weak but he wasn't good to me. Like they like he cold. I'm like this nigga is not cold. Like he can't do nothing. Girl Boy used to get up on he did But like so that little In the league bro. He used to eat. He was, he's cold like I'm not hating but the way they was talking about it and I'm like I'm faster than him. I'm stronger than they just had You fucked up. Yeah like nigga y'all was just too slow.


Like I'm faster than him. Yeah. And y'all Yeah and I'm young, I'm athletic. I could guard him like and granted he was older at this time. Yeah but niggas was still scared of him. Like that little nigga passed man he be doing, I'm like nigga this nigga ain't, nah this ain't the same nigga y'all talking about. This nigga sweet. Like This is Being real. For sure. That time period. That was the backup OG point guard era boy. You had him. Andre Millers, speedy Claxton, Andre Miller, Cole, Andre Miller Cold. That's a different, that's a different subject. Cold. Bobby Jackson too was Cold. Bobby Jackson? Yeah I ain't play Bobby Jackson. Yeah You, we was too young but Bobby Jackson was Another code name. Yeah but like Andre Miller. No he was cold. No I ain't gonna never say I did killed him.


I still love this story. They talk about Andre Miller pop in the summertime. He is like, he pull up with his five and he only play with his five. He run all day. He like six four. Yeah. And he like two third. Two two that's Size. Yeah I know who He post you up and shit. Yeah he bump you the whole time. The nigga tie his shoestrings around his ankles. He, he looked dirt like he looked like an old school dirty hooping nigga. Like damn not like you stink or something. But I'm just saying like he just didn't give a fuck like og like yeah I come to the park and you Shoestrings around your ankle first. I swear to God bro. Yeah bro. He shot, he Used to have a band on his shit. He was reminiscing. He No way. But now he real like gang.


He a gangster though. Nah, against, nah here he he he was about that like nah he real like I ain't trying to put him out there because I think he coaching shit now but like nah shout Out to a, we fuck with, He was like, he, he real life from around was tie Your shoe strings around your ankles, you every type of nigga bro cutting your circulation off bro. Bro. So he was reminiscent he had a band. I Andre that's just your past. He went to Utah right? My, my neighbor played with him in Utah on the team that did really well in the, in the tournament. He went to championship? Yeah they went to national championship and he was talking about how great he was then. 'cause I remember the the whole Derrick Rose Cross situation, everybody's making fun of him. I'm like nah Andre Miller been cold for a very long time. Don't let a highlight get it fucked up. Andre Miller was cold. Yeah He was hard.


He was nice also. He probably one of the nicest guards I ever seen played bro. For real. Yeah. That nigga could pass so good. He was cold brother playing the league that long. Especially like you said it wasn't like he was a super phenomenal athlete. He just was way ahead of the game iq. He just knew how to play basketball the first NBA game I ever went to. Right. It was the Bobcats. I never, I never went to pacer games when I was little. I didn't watch the NBA when I was little. You know we watched college. Yeah. First Avenue NBA game I ever went to. I was, it was the Bobcat when I was in college and it was when Lou will was on Philly with Andre DJ Augustine might have been a rookie And we went and Andre Miller was killing. That's the first time I ever seen him.


But he kept throwing these blind passes to people like Mm. He was just firing people wasn't looking, they laying right in their hand. Like some of the big man like Thad Young was on that team. I think he hit Thad almost in the head one time. Like he just fired it to him. Damn. And like I was just like damn this nigga, he was making a game look easy. He was like killing him But he was like the first NBA game I went to and that's when I fucking Charlotte Bobcat. Yeah that was Bobcat. That was the first game you went to? Yep. Charlotte Bobcat first Philly spot on shoot he damn red sweat to death. And then your first CBA game was the Bobcat Bobcat's first Philly Game. That was the G League game for sure. What you remember your first who game you went to? Probably AI in the playoffs verse the Pacers.


Damn. Yeah You went to the ba? Yeah That was my first one. My middle school took us Damn Shout to Short Ridge. You know I come from the trenches we was able to take go see AI hoop, you feel me? Shout out to ai. He signed the nigga headband and shit. Oh that's hard. Damn that's fire. Yeah see you got your first autograph from ai? Me too boy. My first autograph was Bibi. No actually my first autograph was pastor you on How did that happen? This the first stretch for I got that because I think John Starks was on the hose back then. So he gotta show love. Gotta walk past. So Pat you and all think Pat you ain't had no bitches so he has time for me.


That's crazy. I about tell you man. Nevermind, I'm not gonna say that because I love the og. Shout to Ja Stars. I fucking with you though. He, he, they was busy bro. Ja Star and them was lit, you know what I mean? Nah, The Knicks was lit. They always been lit. Yeah. Nah for sure bro. And even now like it is dope to see. Oh And Allen Houston. Shout out to my nigga Allen Houston you signed my shirt. Underrated to guard. He did.


Getting Some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns. They're on sale at DraftKings Sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect? The number one place to bet touchdowns. Grab some tds with Draftking Sports book. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the DraftKings Sports book app and use Code Club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


What's going on? I'm DJ Wells. I'm Brandon Hendricks And we are role partners over here at Club five 20. Man listen role sparks if you're trying to get it cracking the right way. If you wanna make sure the tonight's extra special, all you gotta do is tap in. It is a prescription, just follow the instructions online and they will get you squared away if you qualify for this. And if you do qualify for this man, you gonna have a hell of a time be here telling people about Ro Sparks. Man Ro Sparks brought me back to life man. Me and my wife had a great time outta town and this, this got the moment going though. So shout out to Ro Sparks. Come on man. Simple and easy to use. Let em get that playlist cracking. You know what I'm saying? You might have a little bit more on that playlist. Be in, Take it at dinner. Use it at dinner. You know what I mean? When y'all about to cash out on that bill. Ride around, hit the highway, take the backways home and you know what I mean By the time y'all enter the crib, it's going down. Come on man. Listen road Sparks be here. They gave y'all a rest plea. Listen we are the official road sparks party here. Make sure you use the promo code Club five 20 get you $15 off your prescription man. Tap in. Get online it's easy. They'll connect you with a medical professional if Prescribed new sexual health patients get $15 off Sparks on a reoccurring plan. Connect with a provider at road.co/club five 20 to find out if prescription road sparks are right for you. That's right. That's R OCO slash Cub. Five 20 for $15 off your first order.


Elite elite shooter too. Yeah Sean. Short. We was talking about people that are thriving in the NBA now. He would've thrived. Ali Houston would kill today. Yeah he would've shot. That's crazy man. That's crazy. You remember that? I was like damn that was the first day of the year too. I was gonna ask like hooping on holiday. He didn't say Christian but hooping on New Year Day. Boy. I know Boys was turn that night before that New Year's Eve. I know you probably got some bitch. Yeah we had went out. I had probably went to lucky lounges with Biby and them dos and we probably had a good time. They probably was drinking good and having a good, you know we was in Atlanta too. Oh that was in Atlanta? Yeah. Home game. Yeah it was definitely a home game. I remember I ain't had no insults in that game. You didn't think he was gonna get together? I didn't think I was gonna get in. He subed me in. I ain't had no insults. Why? Why did you take 'em out? Because like they give you orthotics right?


So the, I grew up in college, I had a special orthotic 'cause I got fucked up feet and I took all the insults outta my shoes but I didn't think I was gonna play so I ain't put my orthotic in. I just just hopped in some shoes and they was like some fresh ass Jordans. I think I had some fives and I just had 'em in and I was sitting there and he called my name and he hit me with that move scored on me. My feet was burning. So you know how you think I go to the back, I put my insults in like I come back, I think I'm like, oh if he called me again like I'm gonna lock that nigga up. I never got caught again. So then you wear the orthos now or you Ah Yeah. Yeah now I got a, I gotta have like a plate in the bottom mine. So it's like a hard steel toe. You know when you got turf toe you ever heard turf toe?


Mm. If anybody ever heard turf to they give you this plate. It's like a steel plate. Bunion go. He gonna hold that bunion to get you forever. Yeah, A steel plate. Like when my bounce started leaving is when I started wearing a steel plate. 'cause I had a, I got cyst on my foot. Damn. And I had to like protect my foot like so that's why I stopped dunking. So everybody like why you stop jumping like that? Because nigga I'm hurt Boy. Got a different shoe. Hopefully I don't gotta cut that motherfucker off. Nah damn Ain't I had diabetes. Motherfucker Always Trying to put a nigga in the army. Fuck That motherfucker got a candy cane for it. Don't Candy Candy's crazy. See, see Candy Cane is insane Kool-Aid for that Out pocket.


Nah, but that's why I stopped dunking though. For sure. That makes sense because it's crazy. Your highlights randomly just go viral like every couple days now they was just like, it's fucked up today. The highlight always start off with him crossing his brother. I was just like, bro it just, I put that nigga on his ass. Pause. Yeah And they can't argue always crazy and they can't guard me steal you. I Hate you. Deal my nigga like that About those shots. My little brother. Welcome to the dude Morning show. I hope you've been doing your college study because motherfucker was on my Hey man, fuck y'all too. About a hundred people text me or DM me like, Russell Westbrook started last night. You don't pay attention to the games. Only be here dude. I said bitch, okay, Respect.


See but you know what I'm, I'm gonna keep it real. I, you know I play my role in this show how I'm supposed to but I, you know, my shit gets underrated a little bit. I got YI let y'all do y'all thing bro. But I be telling niggas like I'm the real guru. This bitch, Hey like Eric Gore was out with an injury and Russell West started and you talking about Russell come up and with A triple offense and see if it was, if it was a Rose verse, he embarrass me. See you don't even fucking watch the game Barbershop talking ass nigga ain't let My nigga cook. I ain't gonna lie. I didn't give a fuck because I don't watch the, I didn't watch the fucking nigga Because y you know what Was the Nuggets playing that game? I can't remember. It was A shitty game. I Wasn't watching that. Yeah it was, we trying to get DJ and Jeff man on ears being and Ho 26.


I I won't be in on there but you know what bitches I started watching the game At least get out nigga on CBS or something. We gotta start a ball. You Weird. I started watching all the games. I watched the football games today too. So I'm gonna talk Shit tomorrow. CT somebody champion with my guys now. That ain't my, but We taking sports to Zeus baby. Tap With my guys. Zeus tap in, we'll start a show on y'all. Shit. It's gonna be us and Jocelyn Hernandez. Yeah, Stevie. I ain't gonna be on that show Yet. You're, I'm too uncuff for tv. Oh. Have you seen Zeus? Stevie? Oh boy. Zeus is the boy. Y'all seen Zeus? Hold on for real though. Oh, you would be platinum Ze. Did you see the nigga that got the, the dental thing on Zeus? Yes bro. Bro, I ain't gonna lie bro.


He he cold. The What? He like took a nigga that had no teeth bro. He got the nigga looking like shit straighter than a fucking ruler. Shit crazy. I ain't never seen him like this. Yeah bro, he's, he's like he got the best show on Zeus. Zeus is a network. Oh Zeus is a network but my Tuby No, no, no, no. This is diff this is different. Tuby could never, this is just like if World Star hiphop had a channel Oh back in the days. Okay Y that y'all heard that as Cabaret is on like season 10 bro. Oh I never heard of that before. Oh police tap in all, I ain't never watched a show. I just happened to see that and I was like damn bro really cold. He really gifted with the veneers or whatever you wanna call 'em. Every time they post 'em they post. Oh boy the doc, the fake doctor who had the Mohawk, they was just like my boy get a shot.


Let my mans get a shot too. Would y'all, would y'all rather have veneers or hair transplant like fan give you a full head of hair or would you have if your teeth was fucked up, You rather have veneers? Vene bro. Vene bro. Vene bro. Yeah, God niggas be caring about their hair so much. That's why I asked like I think a nigga, a bald nigga really wants some waves again if he could. Nah, but it's light bald though. If you got a beard But you Nah, But I ain't gonna ask facial Facial when I go. All my shit going be crazy. I'm gonna be, I'm gonna look crazy. I might have, I'm going to Turkey. I already talked to my barber. See What I'm saying? You already talking about But they said the head swell up. I can't go through that part where your head swell up.


You ever seen them niggas? They having the wraps on their head surgery? Yeah. Like you're not hurt. Damn. They should. I didn't know that. So I gotta ask. You see y niggas would rather have teeth than hair. Hell yes. What? Damn. Hell yes. I, I asked, I'll raised this question. Would you rather go get the hair or wish you get the fake beard? What's crazier? I'm Getting my hair. Okay. I don't care about no beard. Nah, I I would never get a a the unit Unit. Nah, nah, I'm, it lasts for like two or three months. I'm cool. I'll go get the surgery but they, Some niggas surgery don't. I'm saying How big they head be. It looked cray look like what's that shit called? Remember What's the downtime? You Remember when, what's that movie we was talking about?


The Arnold Schwarzenegger played in that Christmas movie Jingle All the way. You ever seen that? Oh shit. You remember when dude shit, that's how they head be looking bro. Damn. After the surgery? Yeah, Pinky and the brain. Yeah. Motherfucker be having that rap on their head boy Because in some niggas they get that. I say alopecia, I mean eczema niggas still be having that patchy shit on. They on their hairline bro. That shit don't work all the time. A unit they just, they cut this around and then they just put that bitch on there nigga. What about your girl get freaky and she start grabbing your shit? I don't Know. Motherfucker ain't pulling my hair. I ain't no bad bitch. I'm just saying. Yeah I used to have braid. Motherfucker still rub their hand through my Hair. Ah but you got a fro though so it's different.


Probably might pull your hair. Motherfucker ain't pulling my yo. She Why my personal life? No you just serious. You told get got rag on? He trying to get a head deal. I do, I do. Trying to get a head deal. New era, new era. But he has an afro under their, anybody won Rock with me? I don't coach with my hat on so everyone see we do, we do post videos. I coach him but yeah, you know new era Mitchell Ness. Whoever got hats. Shout Mitchellness. Want me to, I'll rock DJ too. DJ fuck with y'all finish too. Yeah, I'll rock your hats if y'all let me. I've been doing it for because You know I'll keep the Dewey on.


Don't ever leave you hear me did. So I go Edmond Sum the Dewey with the headband. The fact that he scored 50 like that. He's a goat to me man. Happy belated bro. Nah, that's Our guy. Guy. Yeah. Happy birthday. Hooping in the headband in the, that's the N one for show bro. Yeah sure. Bring it back to the classics for sure man. Listen, 2025 first of the year. Let's start off with these hot takes man. I'm gonna ask you a couple questions about the league. See who's right at the end of this situation. Who's the MVP in the NBA? Shay. Gils Alexander? Yes sir. I'm rolling with SGAB. You feeling that too? Yeah I know. That's my guy. Shout to my nigga Hager. Hagar def locked in with Shaa Probably. If not Shay Joker that because he like had a nigga dressed But I'm But he swaggy though too. He, he my nigga was On.


Yeah he probably the freshest nigga in the league. Probably Joker Gonna joker. Yeah. Ain't mad at that defensive player of the year wi. Mm. I could see that. You know what, while we on here just to the Spurs are actually damn near cool. Yeah they been tagging us. They was like hey quit saying, we saying nigga we you play like damn we got Y fucked up because nigga when a nigga pissed me off telling me about that whistle Westbrook shit, I started really going to study some shit. So tomorrow we get on the show in the morning He gonna be in his bag nodding I'm gonna be in my bag because you bitches have me fucked up. And I really shit Saying I'm a better basketball head Than him. Yeah. That pissed me off. He don't, he thinks like oh my mama sometimes you don't really know what you talking about. Bitch, I probably was sleepy and I probably ain't give a fuck.


I be letting niggas come it be early. It be early. I really don't be giving a fuck because they be sending this shit early and I don't even look. But you know what, I'm on that now man. Yeah. Now shout to All my college boys have been tapped in, you know, I mean hit me on Twitter. You know I show y'all love. I watch our games bro. It's up. I got y'all. Yeah we gonna, oh we definitely gonna go one more in about college in this 2000. Can't wait man. Like you said we incorporating Mo saying but this Is part of the year. I'm not mad at you for that. Wouldn't be tight. I fuck with that. Yeah I try to even think of a counter for that but I'm like the fact that he's blocking shots at this level where he has to get it For sure. He, he's playing at a different level on the defense end with those blocks for sure. Most improved. No, you know it And peasy My dog.


I'm a, I'm a hop on the bandwagon man. One JL Johnson especially he get, he get All Star. I'm gonna go Deandre Hunter. Mm. I know he is been in the league for him and he been playing well but man he's shooting 50% and 45 from the three and averaging dub. That shit crazy. And he's probably not the third, maybe the third option of the team. He definitely the third option. Yeah. But like that's, that's one of the most efficient seasons and he like a kd you be a third, he have an a KD type year from efficiency standpoint. Yeah. For you be a third option. Still getting 20 a game is special. Yeah. On 13 shots though. Yeah and and like we said, a positive impact from it is he's winning games doing this too. He ain't just doing this in empty calorie stats, he's, they're winning games because of him For sure.


Gates Championship actually let me not go there. Rookie of the year. Mm. This been quiet for me. I don't even be like, I ain't really seen no rookie set like Jeremy can't get her fucked it up for me. Yeah he was my rookie of the year. He, yeah that Was ours and I hate that. I don't know what's going on in Minnesota. Rob ain't really good to show his shit. Nah, He ain't get a chance to show Us or what's, what's up more Re Reid ain't got a chance to play much. Reid ain't got show his shit so it's probably a rookie out there dominated. We we, we fucking up on our shit. But I I know I go Zach. Yeah Zach e might have some big nights.


Yeah Wills had some good games. Shout to Zo Jaylee Wills hooping down there. Shit. It is been a a rough, I seen Eve messy too. He's been playing really, really, really good too. Yeah. But, but Jeremy McCain get her kind of fucked it up. I think that was it been a rough rookie year though for a lot of guys man because That was, that was so you know how we speak about him on the morning show. That was my for sure a lot. Yeah For that when the Sixers was wasn't doing so well. He was a bright spike. Especially When Tyrese Maxey got hurt too. He, he stepped in to fulfilled that Shit. Yes. It's gonna be a tough So Whoever gets that man shout to you. I'm sorry I ain't, It might be Zach Eddy though. That'd be five. I I wouldn't be mad if Zach, he just had a what, 28 and Yeah bro 10 game or something like that. This is crazy though.


This is one of the first years that a, a rookie has entered the league and ain't really, really stepped on shit. 14, you know what I mean? No disrespect but I'm saying hasn't been highlighted Like even the guy from the sons was named Ryan. Yeah, right. Who should be playing a lot more than is Yeah he used to play a lot more but like he had some highlights this year but it ain't really been a rookie that you just like Yeah but you know when Jason and Zion was coming on the league like niggas was actually, they was putting it out there like making You watch it. We got a good topic about Zion speaking probably tomorrow we probably talk about him. They they put him on the block so Yeah. Gotta get my boy out of there. Yeah. I can't wait till the morning show. Well it passed By, don't fuck it up for him. But yeah, the the Pel is on the fire show right now for sure. And it's crazy. We talk about, we ain't even mention no one pick because like you said how good hockey he, he, he got a chance to be rookie of the year.


I mean he, he starts, he plays a lot. I don't know bro. I don't think he got the stat. It's tough bro. To get of average was 10 but like who was averaging 10, you know what I mean? That's that's fair. Yeah I'm glad 'cause we saw him in the summer league and I was, he Was fucking hooper. I Yeah but I'm saying it is just like you didn't know if he was gonna be able to showcase that with that team. Yeah, I mean I like how Quinn did it gave him a chance even though Deandre Hunter had to take a backseat but it made Deandre Hunter a better player obviously. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, For sure. Championship. Who y'all think getting the chip? I'm gonna go with the Safe pick is Boston right now. I would say, Hmm, I'm gonna go to New York Knicks man fuck no. As much as I say fuck the Knicks and it is still fuck the Knicks because y'all know what we did to y'all game seven.


I don't know bro. I feel like it is, if it ever is going to happen. This is the year they got the roster for it. Guy being no injuries happening. I think they got a team that could get a championship this year. Yeah, I I don't know if It happened but I don't see them in Boston but I, I would love to see a small market team like KC win. Mm. If they get checked back fully, I would love to see them. That's been my sleeper team for the past couple years so I love see them get one. I'll fuck with them. I ain't gonna hold you. You made me be a believer of the, of the KC trend. I believe they're coming out the west. You you said that last year but going into that season, yeah they, they've only gotten better And they young so that might, that might hinder 'em from a more like older season team but if they won I wouldn't be surprised.


But Denver is scary though bro. 'cause Jamal Murray and Yos could get to clicking and shit. They got a solid court around him and then you got Russell, Russell Westbrook too. If he in his bag and they jailing that, that's a scary team too. So I don't know. They might be a Denver might be a bad matchup for Boston. I think Denver one piece away from being a bad matchup for Boston. Like if they get one more wing or another backup guard, I think they not even a guard score. Yeah, I mean 'cause Westbrook he good at point but if they get more one one more like explosive wing that can do something they got like, like one piece of way. Yeah like they got Kuzma.


I ain't even mad but Kuzma could, he could be a piece of he could, he could change. Oh hell yeah bro. Trajectory for a lot of people. Yeah and especially if you don't give up N PJ in that situation. If you just got moved some second round picks or maybe be a future first to get him, that's not bad at all to have here up front line. Especially with Ag. Yeah. That ain't, he could Gordon too. Damn That's a nasty lineup bro. You could put all them in the game time with in the game 10 times with my work and now two four switch is different. Wicked. Sure it's all 6 9, 6 5, 6 6. Like it's a little different. But NPJ six eight N PJ six 10. Is he? Yeah Bro. Damn. That's why they be criticizing him so much about it.


Like all he do is shoot, I'm like well bro he's 10. They can't by block his shot. Yeah shoot that shit. That's what he do for a living. Damn. Six 10 is huge. Yeah, Yeah for sure man. Cool Is like 6 9, 6 10. Who gonna be the number one pick Cooper Flag gonna be the number one pick? What if the Brooklyn Nets end up getting the number one pick? Do they take Cooper flag? They still gonna take Cooper flag. You, you don't think about none of the boys in Rutgers. If even if the next No damn, not even a thought. You can't Take Dylan Harper at one. Can you take one if you and no, if you're Brooklyn Dylan Harper's the best player, the best prospect in college right now. That's a hundred percent correct. Like, But he's not the number one pick. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Correct. Like he, when I watch my eyes tell me that's a NBA player. When I look at him play the pace he play with, I see a little bit of Darren Williams, I see a little bit of everybody big guard shifty can shoot, get rebounds.


I see a little bit of everything. He got a little bit of La Melo in him. Not the same flare but you know, his ability to be that size and pass and shoot and make plays. But he got that little Darren Williams, not that same bop but the way he shift people that groove. Yeah. Yeah. His groove is different. That's a perfect word. I I believe in him just 'cause he got that, he got that real game from his dad. His dad was like league. Yeah. And he got the pedigree. Yeah. And what's crazy, a lot of people remember just Ron Harper from like the Lakers and Bulls, but there was a Ron Harper and the Cavs the C and he was nasty. That was different. Nasty Athletic co. If you, you a dummy. If you don't take Cooper Flat Yeah. You fucking up the church money if you don't Yeah. Like if you got the number one pick and you don't take this guy.


People Love him. Depends on who get it though bro. If the Blazers get it, I I I don't think Dylan is the number one pick, but if the Blazers get it, like we was like you you said it, but I agree I might have to bump school. But if you don't, if you don't take Cooper flag with the number one pick and you take Dylan Harper, let's just say it and Dylan Harper, excuse me, he has a so, so year and Cooper flag goes somewhere else and he has and kill and he kill. You're getting fired, you're getting cooked, you're getting fired. Like y'all didn't take him from, From a business aspect. I I See what you're saying. Yeah. And everything is about that's the fucked up part about Yeah.


It ain't even from a basketball standpoint. And I just, I was just strictly just thinking about fit because I mean I, I would want like if Charlotte, Charlotte so bad, you gotta pick Cooper But like all those teams that's in that position are bad. Who's at the bottom? Who else is at the bottom? The Blazers. Blazers. Wizards. Wizards, Charlotte, rap, Utah. Raptors, Raptors. Damn. So at The Wizards y'all taking Cooper flag over Dylan, We all have a choice. Drafted the kid from Pittsburgh as a guard. You did. I know. I can't remember his name. I know what you're talking about. Oh what's his name Bud. He got know Cooper. Cooper my guy. I love K. You know what I mean? Mean we just had 26 the other night but whew.


Dylan been, I don't know bro. He ready right now. I think Behead and I agree with you to that point, I think the biggest issue is that like what he said, you draft Dylan, he better be a star your one. Yeah. Because if not your head gonna roll as a gm if you make that decision, that's a historic blunder for certain situations. Yeah you can't, you can't, you can't do that. Travis with my boy asked just having a Good game too. You would rather be Yeah you would rather be two. Right? It's like the Ja Mar Zion Williams thing. Yeah. Like you know, we gotta pick Zion. But even in that draft I felt like Ja Mar I was like yo, he the better player. Like he going to be a star. Like the way he control the game, he had a smaller school and he making all these players around him Elevate.


Like he had Murray State on the map to the point where we believed him kind of like Steph Curry had Davidson like CJ McCullum had Lehigh. Yeah it is like, I'm like I believe in that but Zion Williams was such a polarizing figure. He had Duke hot like you know what I mean? It's Like nah you right. You cannot not take that. And then my thought process was right. Not saying that Zion's not nice when he play, he's still cold but Ja is who I thought Ja was gonna be. And so like Memphis is probably more than happy. Like yeah I'm glad we got Ja instead of Zion for sure. Hell yeah. Hundred percent. That's crazy man. Like you said that that Niggas was AAU teammates. Yeah.


Both playing in the back gym. That's Right bro. That's crazy. They was, that's why These kids circuit these kids. I don't think they really be tapped in bro. They don't Like damn bro, these you never know who's watching bro. I just posted something About that everything's a fit. Like For real I just posted that it was Coach Simpson. Yeah, Kevin Simpson was talking about that. He was just like, yeah I went to it see one kid. But then I look up and I see two other kids in this game and back in with them and it was another coach I forgot who just talked about it. He said he went to go recruit somebody else saw a kid that was lead ended up watching his huddles and he was like, oh I think it was Matt Painter, how he recruited a kid. He was just like, yeah he wasn't Hollywood Tyler. But I saw him recruiting somebody else checked out his huddle tape and I was just like, that's the guy I want.


Yeah. Yeah. I always wondered how coaches recruited kids now But that's, that was happening to me like a lot of guys would come to see other people. Like I always talk about the game that happened when we played Corey Lucius who was going to, he had committed to Michigan State Michigan a year younger than me and we played him in high school and a lot of coaches came to see him. Yeah. And I ended up having a really, really good game at Southport against them. And I started get, I got off the big kill. Yeah. Got the big too. That was nice. I can't remember his name. That big was nice. Yeah. I ended up getting offers after that game. That was my first time getting offers. Oh. After that Lucius that winner. That winter tournament? Yeah. Yeah I played, I remember that. I ended up getting offers from a couple of schools after that and it was like damn they weren't even here to see me.


They ain't know who I was. But after we played them they like shit Hey shout out to motherfucking Corey Lucius. You used to do your thing though. Nah my nigga might have busted your ass that day but hey Definitely, definitely, definitely. Nah de killed that game. You went crazy shot. I remember that shit. That was a hell of a tournament. But yeah Cory Loose used to do his motherfuckering. Nah, straight up. I appreciate him actually. Yeah because shit, he had the name because Yeah he had the name. Yeah. He Ain't know who I was, was I was gunning for him. But you remember your first offer, your first D one offer? Yeah it was selling noise. Damn. Yeah That's The Jack Owens. That's my Dodge. Well col Papa t want nothing on you going there right? Nah, I, it was crazy. I was gonna go there so I was going, I gonna Be you and John Freeman.


My bad. I had bad, not bad grades but I didn't care for school like that. So when I got the offer they was like yo, we gonna help you, you know we're gonna get you in the right classes and all that shit. And everybody was talking to me. I'm like cool. I'm just fuck with them. I ain't even think I could make to the NBA or none of that Like you know. I mean I'm from the west side of that look. I run with my homies nigga. I hate thinking about these schools sound crazy Kansas. That sound crazy. Yeah. From where I like us. Damn that sound crazy. Southern Illinois state down here a lot. Boy shout to West Clemons. Yeah, But the shout that's what, that's what I was seeing like some Illinois is about right. Western Kentucky.


Courtney went there. Yeah. Straight up. Like see Legal in West Kentucky is still crazy there. Wasn League out Western Kentucky still admirable. You gotta think that's us though. We from around everywhere, we wasn't getting that kind of love. So Right. Once that happened I was like cool selling Illinois and then Coach Conley was like, hell nah. Coach Conley. Yeah I thought it was Pop Coach Conley like hell nah you you way better than that. Like you just need to see you. Yeah. And I was like, okay. He was like you can go where, where you want to go? And I was like, wake Forest. He was like, you wanna go to Wake Forest? Oh just wake. That's how I happened. Yeah, He, he Coach Conley is a goat. The blueprint. Yeah. Lot. A lot of people.


Dunno Coach Conley bro. He saw lot. He saw lot. Got a lot of people good Positions, saw lot of talent. But his eye for talent was crazy bro. Yeah. Coach Conley was him Putting together the AU team. That's probably, you know, the greatest of all time. No bias shit. But even from down to the 10th, man, everybody was a D one nigga bro. Yeah. Facts a hundred percent Hot D one too. It wasn't like nobody scratch And his in heat B team was nice. He changed my life though. Yeah. Like Coach Conley changed my life. 'cause like you said, I had Southern Illinois on my own from that high school game. Yeah. And like a lot of my high school coaches like, you should go there, you should go there. Like they like you. Yeah. Don't play with that offer and him, for him to see something different in me. Yeah. Like my pops, you know my pops knew the game but he ain't know like shit, you got what you got.


Yeah. It's who like you and Butler liked me too. Shout to Brad. Coach Brad. He liked me too. But That Might been my gray. My gray wasn't good enough. You weren't getting into Butler? Nah, you know my grades wasn't good enough at that time. So when he offered me my grades wasn't good enough. So Southern, Southern Noise was still willing to like fuck with me. Like what? My grades being a little shaky. I, I know this is super hypothetical, but dog, if you would've went to Butler, first of all, that would've been crazy 'cause we already knew each other. And I met that nigga on Butler campus. If you went to Butler at That time, that team would've been in my hood. If you would've been to Butler at that bro. You and Gordon and Chauvin. Oh my and Matt Howard. I, I wouldn't have Fit. He would've Jeff, I would've fucked the team Up.


Jeff would've been first with Beasley and them first. You would've been with Matt Howard and 'em first. Yeah. And then the next year, Gordon and them, we was all Indiana. All stars. That's, yeah. So me, Matt, and then all the Purdue boys ge going to Indiana. Yeah. And I was a eye baller Bro. You would've been cool with these. Nah, I was, I was, I was too much. I was different. You was a James Johnson nigga though. Yeah. And I love Ronald Norad, but I listen, Brad would've let you cook. Yeah. There was nothing in the Horizon league for you at that time period. It, it probably wouldn't have been. But I was too dare I I was a a CC nigga. I had ACC real For sure a thousand percent before.


Yeah. Like any other league would not pin me. Like if I would've went to the Big 10, I would, it Was either Big East or a ccc. Yeah. If I would've went to the Big 10, I wouldn't have made it. Yeah, You, I'm just saying that's Not Pac 12. I could see, I could killed in the Pac 12, but I was not going north. You Would've killed it in the horizon though, bro. Brad Gas was different. Yeah, But That was premium. You would've had to show. Yeah, we Would've. But nigga they moved the ball and shit like They did, but they off, they off schedule was nice. They off, what do you call it? Conference schedule, whatever before you call it they played. It was nice bro. But what I'm saying, like the way they played wasn't how I played. Understood. You weren't where you supposed to. Yeah. Like I needed the ball. Ball. That shit man suit kids need the pictures that don't go for the name. Go where fit you fucking suit.


Right. Percent. And the reason I went to Wake Forest is 'cause they play how I would wanna play. Yeah, understood. Damn. Like it was high ball screens playing fast. Get the shoe. Damn. But watching you against Justin sir. Solely so you niggas ain't really tapped in like that. That was another dog back in the day. And I'm, I'm sure that Brad would've adjusted that offense. So he had a point guard like you, he had to make do, he had to. You know what I'm saying? But I would've hindered like Gordon, I would've took away from shelving because nigga, I was, nigga in college, I was shooting, he was Shooting, he was throwing that hole in. Hundred percent. Hundred percent. You know what I mean? So it all played how it's supposed to play. Yeah. It's all great. Speaking of, you know what I'm saying, convincing stuff like that. Shout out to Mikel Brown going to the lu. We up baby. Told y'all we locked in. Shout out to coach Kelsey.


Man at Kel. Coach me at Wake Forest. Great coach. Get Mikel. One of my favorite players in high school. I'm glad that happened for y'all. I'm gonna call Coach Kel tomorrow morning and talk about it with him for sure. Mel, I Hopefully Mike Ke spin that back around man. Get Louisville back to where they supposed to be. Yeah, we got a, we got a solid, solid class coming next year. His is his first year. He had to make himself happy. We had a lot of injuries but next year, that's The best part y'all have had in wild bro. Damn since Terry Ger. I don't disagree at all. Yeah. Mike Brown. Nah, for real. I think we blessed if we have him two years, I think he be a one and done talent for sure. Yeah. That's why if we get blessed and get him for two years then so be it. But I think he should only be Grayson Louisville for one year. Go kill young man, Bryce James, you know what I'm saying?


Committed to Arizona, No shit. Yeah. Commit to Arizona Nigga. That's a big commit. Yeah. Gonna to Arizona bro. Bad shit. Nah, Straight up. Yeah. You committ to Arizona. Hey, shout out to you Bryce. Yeah Man. Nah, they saw something in you hundred percent. Yeah. Nah, that damn that's, That's not no nepotism offer. I mean I know y'all can play the jokes about that but that's not a school that play them type of games. I know it's a little bit of leaning to that as well. It's Nike ties but hey, you're not going, that's full bro. Call. I don't think bar making that call for Arizona bro. I didn't say he made nothing. I'm just saying y'all think he could go to Arizona? Well he there. We gonna see him. That's, I shouldn't say do you think he go, y'all think he gonna play at Arizona freshman year? Probably not.


Nah, he has to. Nah, nah. You don't have to play had to you. No bro. This is Arizona. But I think he gonna play, Ronnie Didn't play because the, the, the hard shit. Yeah. I think he gonna play in Arizona. Yes. But I think there's a difference between Brian and Bryce. I ain't gonna get into it. I'm not going, I'm not going to Arizona to come on. Y'all keep it real now. This nigga got every, if I'm going to Arizona, it's 10 other big schools that's fucking with me. I'm not committing to this school to ride the bitch for Arizona. Arizona aint U Co. I think. I think Bryce is more of a, he's a cool guy. I think he's cool going to school. He might not play a lot. He might play a little bit.


I think he reminds me of like Sharif O'Neal. Hmm. You know how he could hoop but it like Yeah, I'm cool. Like I'm, I'm cool like everybody gonna like me. My pops is a hall of famer. Yeah. Your situation obviously injury got hurt. He had the Hardship but like see that's the difference. Damn. These fucking basketball kids. I, I fuck with Sharif but I think Bryce shoes in Arizona bro. He, I'm telling You'all it was 10 other schools had to be on Come understanding I'm saying I would rather go to, I would rather went to Ohio State for nepotism. No, I think he just went with the vibes. He probably caught like going to Arizona was a go. I've been to Arizona State in Arizona. It's a vibe out there. Like USC was a vibe.


He probably like, I wanna get to the, he different than like Brony and them like Brony would seem like a no offense, but he seemed like he like was groomed to be an NBA player. Yeah. Like Bryce is like we're the vibes. I'm the vibes Speaking about Arizona State. You remember playing against James Harden? We ain't playing. Y ain't playing. No. Oh we wa we was, they lost. We was supposed to play. Oh okay. I gotcha. I thought that's Why you missing that turned they lost to Baylor I think. Oh Okay. But yeah bro, I Arizona But he killed he, you know where I'm mad about What? The first time I ever had a problem with James Hart, we won a championship. I average 26. He went for 50 on St. Mary's but they was in the, the final for the, what you call the third place game.


Yeah. He had like 50, they gave him MVP of the tournament. Yep. Damn Anaheim bro. Thanksgiving tournament. Yeah. And you killed that tournament. That was when you had that dog too wasn't it? Yeah, averaged like 26. That's funny. James Haren, he, I think he averaged like 40. They gave him MVP in the third place but he got MVP in the tournament. He was in the third place game. What I say what I say DJ Lonzo has to make the all, what did I say? That's the first. This Nigga doing all this winning and all this killing. That's the first time I seen him. I dropped 40. Fuck. That's when I knew it was politics. I'm like there's no way this nigga about to be in the third place game and win MVP. I just knew they about to call my name.


Wow. They was like MVP of the tournament goal. So I, you know I started. Yeah nigga I I put on for my city. Damn James Harden from Arizona State. This nigga had to come out the crowd. What the fuck? Shit. Real nigga. I, James Hor nigga ain't in the game. What The fuck time a Jimmy. That's like on draft night when they go get the recruits from the car, the crowd just walk down. I was like hell nah. I was shitty. I was real life mad like everybody like you killed though. Everybody know you good. Nah fuck that. You solidified Joe Spa Cage.


Nah fuck that. That nigga did take, they Didn't even make it to the Championship bro. Like we just won the Shit. That is a wild ass story nigga. I swear to God that's to Lose the MVP and I'm dogging shit to a nigga that playing in the, We beat Baylor in the championship. They had Lux Darius done. They was fired. CJ Curtis Durrells, they had Tweety Carter, Quincy ac, Tweety Carter used to do shit. Tweety Carter was the dog. Shit. Yeah they had Quincy, Quincy AC was a grown man at 17. Yeah they had a bunch of dudes. They was, they was solid. They beat, I think they beat Arizona State 'cause I don't know who we beat to get to the chip. I can't remember. We beat utep. Oh Okay. Yeah we had beat that's when, what's the nigga from Murder Inc.


Irv Gotti. His cousin was under the, was playing on UTEP and he was talking shit to me the whole game. That's funny. However your calling spots about Murder Inc. Is fucking hilarious. Yeah, he was talking bad Ute. What That's El Pass Texas, El Paso. That Fucking, that's my shit. Glory Road. That was Ute. Was it Ute? No, that was Texas. Please look that up. I might be wrong y'all, I'm just think about I'm, I thought it was Texas conference Christian, something like that. Hold on. It might be Ute. I might have You. I could be wrong. Y'all, let's Look. I got you. Glory Road. What you looking up Texas?


Westerner Texas. Oh Texas Westerner. Okay. I know when you my Fault. It just made me tap. That's one of my favorite To Nah I swear to God it was James Hard. That's what make that shit even better. I swear to God they, they did not gimme the award. I swear to God my mama that gave to James. I never asked you to work harder than making, finding a clip of James Haren receiving that award. I swear. Anaheim Classic mvp. Yeah I 2008 2009. I swear to God they gave it to James Hart. I swear to God this is JT and they, they some hoes because they fucking award police.


I swear to God if you find this, I swear to God if they put that up there they are some hoes. I swear to God was so hurt. I was hurt. I went home. I was trying to play cool on the plane. They like yeah we want that motherfucker. I'm like hey gave that nigga the MVP bro. That nigga ain't playing the game. I swear To you bro. You don't forget shit. So I know. I swear to God you remember that that was my coming out party. Yeah. You know what I mean? Pause, pause. But like that's when I like niggas found out I could hoop shit. Nah. He said I would know if I came over that. Yeah nigga I know if I got the MVP nigga I'd be talking about that bitch. Yeah I'd be James Hart for the MVP. That's what I'm saying. We would've heard that for. So That's what make that shit even funnier though.


Mike looked that up. They made some hoes for frightening but not gimme the award. Hey now walk here. I wanna ask y'all a question about this Saquon bark's situation. He had a chance to break the record this weekend, but the coaches is sitting starters basically because for the players I'm shitty. Is that y'all, y'all playing that game to get that record? No y'all, I'm playing the game For my sanity. Yeah, That like you, you like accolades is how you get rated in pro sports, right? Yeah. What you do, what records you break? Remember like what's the most of my guy that just got the coaching job that was beefing with me? Receiver Jackson. Oh the shot Jackson? Yeah. Remember he is like nigga you ain't top 10 and none of your records in the league. Yeah. Yeah. Like I need to be breaking records, you feel me?


So like if I'm Sequan I'm like shit, let me play like I want my legacy gotta live on. Even though it don't mean shit. I mean really. But yeah, my teammates, y'all just gonna have to understand I'm not selfish. Obviously I know what type of nigga I am. I'm for the team. I'm breaking this record. This is my chance to be immortalized and the sport that I play. And if you don't feel that, I don't give a fuck nowhere. Just let him though. Just let him though bro. For like I said for his sanity and his peace of mind. And that's his legacy. Yeah. That's something he can pass down to. His kids Always talk about You throw that in the crib. You know our niggas love putting pictures of they records in the crib and shit. Niggas Love that. Yeah. And that's why I'm shitty about this Anaheim shit because if I fucking won a award, y'all need to send me that shit. That's for real. We need put that here.


We gotta fucked. That's fucked up. James got that in the crib in Houston. I no he he's fucking probably, he probably threw it away. Yeah, he got NVP awards. He probably like on fuck with that shit. That's crazy. I I was nothing. I'm like, I, I get it. You don't want your players to get hurt in a meaningless game. Especially in the nfl. You know how that goes. But man, let that man break the record. Let him go kill first half and then send him Rush the game. Swear to how, How many he need? I Think it was like a hundred. Yeah. And they play a team. They play New York. Yeah. They're they're are going to give him a hundred Don't play New York. Yes. Yeah. Like fuck that. Oh, break the record on my old squad then let me go. Come on bro. The nostalgia on that is crazy. They robber him of a moment. I know he probably just playing it cool because he, he's obviously a ate professional. I don't know his emotions about it obviously, but if I'm him, yeah.


Oh I can't wait on New York too or Game. He don't too much. He used to not say he got in trouble but he was criticized a lot for his outspoken way. So he probably chilling man To break the record on my old team. And it's crazy. I that's why man, I hate that conference shit because why did y'all let him go to the Eagles? Like y'all, the Giants met Jesus. Did y'all see the, the video that I think it's the GM or whoever it is may be the GM Giants. Yeah. When he was like, oh Quan's our best player. He is a fan favorite. I just, oh, go to the Eagles. Yeah. Yeah. That's what the fuck y'all get. Like y'all had a terrible year last year and it's showing this year. That's why I'm like, damn boy I know Shado want to go up there, but you see they saying Sam, Donald that the Giants might offer Sam Darnell if you're Sam Darnell.


I was watching Get up this morning, shout out to my dog Ryan. But if you, Sam darn would you take 50 million from the Giants or would you stay with Minnesota? 50 men from Giants? Yeah, I'm gonna get paid. I'm always gonna get paid nigga. But all the, you finally having a good year. Like you finally having a moment in the league where you're, you're killing then you fuck that up. I don't think you fuck it up because in that situation, I mean unless they're, they're not going to move off from JJ McCarthy. Like if, if it, if they might though, I would be surprised if they do because they can get a, they get it is a lot of teams in the league that need quarterbacks, they can move on from him, get a top, another top pick. They can trade him for a pick, get can trade him for another pick.


And now you got Donald as yo quarterback for the next four or five years and y'all gonna be solid because he's playing great. I mean he's having a phenomenal year. Like this is unbelievable. This is what we thought Sam Dardo would be coming out unbelievable. But I, I don't know. I think that's a tough situation. I don't think that they make a decision on him enough to like on JJ for him to make a decision. I think you can trade JJ right now. I think Sam Darwin is young enough, good enough where he could still play for, I don't think he could play for seven more years. But I think that the team believes in him. They fucking with him right now. I think you could trade jj. I mean he never gonna get the team back. True. You know what I'm saying? Like nigga you not getting the team back. I think it's also the money comparison two, if the Vikings offering him 40. Yeah, I'm saying if they don't for him like 35 No go get your fucking bread because he done went through some shit.


He was with the Jets and with the fucking Panther. Bless you. Thank you. You don't deserve that bro. Like yeah if I, if I get 50 million y'all for me 30. Yeah I'm gonna get the 50 Super Bowl. Huh? Man shit man I don't better get Pat Mahomes but if Eagles, oh if I was gonna say if I'm picking the team to come out the NFC bro damn near gotta go Vikings. I would say Lions. I was gonna say Vikings too. You gotta say Vikings. If it wasn't the Lions for losing so many players on defense, I would go vi the lions Har them lions can score the ball. You never got worried about them. They gonna score the ball ain't gonna stop. Shit. I don't think respect, respect your golf. They gonna score that the ball though.


But I like the Vikings for some reason and I want, I want him to win. Matter of fact, yeah. I'm like I'm rooting for him but he gotta be the comeback player of the year. If, if I had my choice it would be Lamar Jackson. I, I can't wait till Lamar Jackson wins the Super Bowl so we can end some of these conversations. Yeah. That conversation will be real. I can't wait. Yeah I can't wait for that moment bro. And I think he was NVP too. I, that whole Josh Allen deserves to get one 'cause Lamar got two. Fuck that Lamar Jackson killing give that man an MVP. Y'all always be on that weird shit when it's time to give people voicemail. What, what about Joe? People saying Joe Burrow deserve Joe Burrow's definitely in the conversation. I don't know if what he's done. Records are shitty though. They, they always start off trash. But that's the team I would say I wouldn't wanna see them niggas in the playoffs. You think they gonna make it, it it can happen.


They gotta, they put themselves in a position to be there. Some things that fall their way. But shit, they've been balling and I don't wanna play a team like that who could put up points. Yeah because they're not really a sad team. He he been hooping though. He he having the MVP season for sure. Oh They're like the equivalent of the 76 ERs to me in the NFL. That is not a team I would've see at any type of health later in the season. That's not a real eight or seven C they will fuck you up. Facts, facts, facts, facts for sure. Man. Football going crazy. Yeah. Shout out to Arizona State. I know we gonna talk about it in the morning but damn y'all gave that game away. Woo. You out with the smoke Dizzle? Shit they gave that game away. Well they really fucking Texas gave the game away. Yeah, Texas got it. Yeah but we'll talk about it in the morning for sure.


I mean if we got out here being here, I asked you a question man people are reacting to that. Their son's lost against the grizzlies with a lot of people out. Or we get to the point till we figure out you might have to blow up the suns man. Is it time to make a decision? Nah, just get your year over with then figure it out in the summer. Get The year over with. Damn, I don't think they got that kind of time bro. Ain't going. Nah you ain't getting rid of you ain't making no moves before. No was before February. You don't think It's too much money? Too much money. I don't know if niggas wanna take on them contracts just wait till the summer. I, From business standpoint, I Think you can get off Bradley Bill's contract But he still got got two years don't he? Yeah but I think you can got wa at no loss.


I think you can get Yeah you can get, I mean he gotta waive no tra whatever it is. But I think he can get, you can get off his money though. So I think that's why of them Three you get rid of him first. Yeah, he is injured. He been injured a lot. Right. So not to say you can't depend on him. I think Brad is a dope player. I think he good at shit but he just doesn't fit what you got going on right now 'cause he is injury prong. And then also you have to start two small guards. Right? True. Well three because you saw Ty Jones, Brad Bill and Devin Booker. Well Devin Booker like six six, He 6 4, 6 5 on a good day. I Mean you say even person Brad Bill 6 4, 6 5 on a good day.


KD six 11, then you got nrk. Most people have a defending wing. Yeah. So he usually has a six seven defending type of wing. To be honest, the person that they really need and I know I'm always saying that they need Cam Johnson back in Phoenix, but that's like the perfect person they need for that team. So You swapped them. You you send send Brad to to Brooklyn. Oh in a heartbeat. Like so Brad, they were willing to take Bradley bill contract, DeAngelo, Russell and Brad Bill can work. Nah, we don't care what Brooklyn doing. Oh Brooklyn. Brooklyn don't care what Brooklyn does. Sure. Brooklyn trying to stack up as many pics as they can. Yeah. Start over. And I thought they was going not wave.


I thought they would even try to repre try to repackage Glo. Yeah, I thought I was surprised by that. I thought they would too but I don't know what they're doing. I don't really care about saying So you were The Brad Bills contract. Somebody's willing to take that contract. So a few teams in the NBA that y'all saying is willing to take on $30 million. Well he make more than that. Yeah, I was gonna say he make more than that. Don't, I mean I don't know if somebody will, I mean I don't think nobody will but if you could get Bradley bill, you can package Bradley bill up to get Cam Johnson that'll cut your money. 'cause he don't, he only make 25 a year. Yeah you'll cut money and you have a better fit. So who, I mean they, they probably won't do it. I don't think the Nets unless Jack back no Takebacks.


Yeah I think Phoenix if they want to add Bradley billings a first round, first two first round picks or whatever it is to get off that money and then get off Brad Bill contract shit, why not? That's how I think we'll talk about this at no time. We'll talk about that KD trade from Brooklyn to the Suns every morning show conversation for sure. Yeah. But they can't trade the picks that they have because they already moved them situations. Yeah. So that's why I think they're, they're strapped from a financial standpoint and they don't have any like they don't picks. They can move. They have to keep their picks. So who's is is Zion a bigger I'm saying they have to say we give y'all two future first round picks in 2052 Nigga. I'm just saying like drafting a nigga ain't born yet.


That's how that's the they gave so No commissioner by then They gave up so much stuff to get kd. That's hard for him to do anything. Yeah I got a great conversation about that. But I'll say that. Is Zion a bigger target than Kim Johnson? Nah, can't miss but because Cam fit so many teams in his contract it's more friendly. Like Zion has that crazy contract where he can be way all type of shit. So motherfucking wave motherfucking waves. Yeah they have a weight clause in his contract. I would love to see the breakdown of that contract. Oh his contract is crazy. Having the BBO clause in your contract is insane. So he could get waived at any time. So motherfucker Mike take on Zion and be like shit he ain't gimme shit acting hurt.


We just gonna cut him. Okay. You know what I mean? Yeah, I see What you're Saying. That could be a friendly contract too. But Cam Johnson is on a super friendly deal for what he bring to the table. For sure. Yeah man we we gotta, we gotta talk about that Katie, Trey one day man we gotta break that down for sure. 'cause a lot of things happened off that. I know they recently did for Paul George and like the tree Treys and people and all that moved around for that situation. I would love to do that with that Brooklyn the sun straight. Man that's crazy as hell. That was one of the worst trades in NBA history though. That Paul George trade. Yeah that was trash. Yeah that one for the Clippers. Like just because y'all did all that y'all supposed to sign him back just because y'all Nah. Yeah y'all gave all that up. Y'all supposed to sign him. Yeah. Y'all, y'all y'all moved League MVP.


Yeah you gotta stand on business sometimes you just gotta keep him just 'cause like the safe face almost. That's what we talking about. That GM situated early the show boy. Yeah you, you could be a Brooklyn dead G if you want to and not draft Cooper. Let him out there. Average 18 you are getting fired, getting cooked. Well we just like a whole black family. Can't never get rid of. I'm looking at this Christmas shit outside like I wonder if niggas took their Christmas tree down yet. You don't think niggas took Christmas? I have it, I'm gonna get to it this week. Still up. You ain't took yours down? I'll get to it this week bro. You took yours down Mike. I ain't had no Christmas tree. Ah Shit. You took yours out? No they been still a lit light bill going crazy. Hey Yeah I haven't unplugged it since now I put it up. It's still just gleaming.


It is a number one right now. The fact that y'all put Christmas trees up is crazy. We got kids. I know. Did y'all put 'em up or Nah, I didn't. Y'all put it up, you put it. Ah okay. You put it up. I bought that bitch from Amazon. It was plug, plug, plug. I'm not about to do all that now. I ain't Tim Allen. That fake DJ all around boy. The lights in it. I just plugged it together. Y'all put it back in the boxing then? Yeah, yeah put it, throw that bitch in the basement Straight up. I ain't gonna right next to the hot water heater. We bought real trees every year. I'm nothing. I'm lying. What the fuck? I look like buying a real tree. The bugs get At my house. I shit. I Say the real Santa though. What else going on man in the world. Listen man, what should we say? College, college playoff for that for the morning show.


We can talk about that. Shout to a state. You was right. I told you about Ohio State built a ass situation. Man that shit is light. Like they fucked The organ up Light nigga. I don't know. We ain't seen the, we talking about it in the morning because I for sure what happened but well the first half it was a shutout and they was up 30 so yeah, 41 20 they might came It's what 41 21? Yeah give us on. Yeah but we talk about it in the morning. It'd be yeah for so also prayers and thoughts to all the people who had to go through that tragedy in New Orleans starting. That's crazy. Some crazy shit. Yeah to everyone affected by that situation. They are raising the threat level in the city. There's some possible, I don't know the game got moved till to well tomorrow, today, tomorrow where y'all see this. But also they're talking about possibilities of if they don't have it feeling insecure then the Super Bowl might get moved.


So that might be another conversation for another time. They gonna make sure it's padded. They gonna make sure they gonna pat that motherfucker Up. N NFL don't play them games but also Yeah. Yeah that's, that's a different city. I I don't know if y'all too familiar with how in the world is Well but that's whenever they on this type of time that's, I love Bourbon Street. No SMU for me. I hate that. That shit happens The first time I you pop those but oh yeah out there that motherfucker was far too south. John Lucas bro. He took me to popping those out there. That motherfucker was hit more Still a lot of places I want to try out there. Hopefully they, you know what I mean. Best food City in I love you think it's the best food city in the world outside. I like they food though. They Popeye's tastes different than Orange too. Oh the one oh nigga it's not the same bro. It's gourmet on there. That right Here's different, I don't eat Popeye's in the world.


Shit. Shit. That one right there to the CCBs right there before you go burger. That shit hit different. That motherfucker that's gourmet my nigga. Even when they got the, the rats in there and there. I'm here. No motherfucker pressure. Yeah bro. Three piece white. I seen, I seen a rat fly. I said fuck it. You here now we turned up. I'm tapping into the real restaurants when I slides shots. Some Mamas. Yeah it's some, it's some people. Anything on that strip bro? Anything on that Strip? Popeye on that strip? Yeah we got, we got, That's something that's real bro. Not Popeye's bro. I'm gonna get that one now if everything else close bro. Gimme a three piece biscuit. Dirty rice gravy macaroni. First of all, shout to Louisiana. I forgot so much happened with this pod last year but the recap with you eating a 10 piece on here for me was Him blowing it up.


He always making shit. That's crazy. Nigga just slapped a 10 piece on the show and You ate it so It was six pieces. You ate it so fast bro. It was so 50. It Was literally Six pieces of chicken. It was 10. He gonna exaggerate. It was 10 bro. It was so Told I be letting him cook bro. I let him get his shit off. He said 30. What hell happened man, fuck y'all. I'm, I'm bottle out man. Y'all, y'all gimme one for Christmas every time. God damnit every time. What Christmas Lisa wasn't this one. Y'all would've got beat this for Christmas. I swear we just Passed that motherfucker like they do the communion tray church Is crazy. Same difference bro. One nigga's handed off like that. Like here he go again.


Niggas like this. Here he go again man. Get that nigga under control. Why did Y'all pass? It was The question because it's funny. It was already, know what I'm saying? That was the motion for sure because we laugh at shit when it happen out organically and we don't know. It'd be so funny 'cause like we really laugh and shit and make shit 10 times worse and people don't even know what's going on. Yeah, I just got in trouble for laughing. I'm just saying. But hold on. Lemme ask, lemme ask y'all this question. Lemme ask you a question. What's up? When your kids first cussed the first time, did you laugh and then pop him in the mouth? No because I, I asked my kid to go cuss. Okay but the first time you ever heard a kid cuss, a kid cuss? Well the first time I heard my nephew cuss like he was like man fuck. I was like man this little nigga bad.


Hey man, don't say that shit no more. It ain't funny no more. That's child abuse. But I'm just saying. But ain't that how it goes? I Think said a child abuse, you know they shouldn't be cussing bro. So when somebody say something unexpectedly you laugh, he probably gonna laugh and incorrect then you correct. Okay. I let mine get they shit off. If it was just us. I'm all about letting kids be who they are. But I'm just, I I'm making a point about something. You was making an analogy. I'm just to give an analogy. Oh you can, you can do whatever you want. I'm just saying like my, my take just on the strictly that conversation is I'm gonna eat a little juicy. This motherfuckers spicy slide that motherfucker over here. I'll let you express yourself as a kid.


Now if we in in front of the family going To simply is crazy. I'm gonna have to tap in a dad. For real. But like when we in the car and Bob wanna get this shit off, I'm let to tell his story. What's worse? Like your kids getting their shit off when they rapping in the car or like you with your white guy. He like them niggas. Oh no that can't happen. No, I'm saying like they at a concert like we see a white guy at a concert. They like it So many y'all have to be up. Everybody in the Yeah. Never been a rock wave concert. Nah, you said it's one of your guys. I'm just saying I you seen a person, a person like, I mean you can't, you go, like you said you'll fight the whole crowd but if you with somebody like you got a white homeboy, you can, he said oh niggas, it's like I gotta clear you bro. You gotta wake up and enjoy the Ali bbo won It.


Yeah. Like what? What's my bad? I don't think white People, I don't think white people bleep how nigga when they in the car? No. Oh no. They wrapped the fuck outta that. What dude said it Gary Owens. He said I don't say nigga only in the car when I'm rapping he Comedian rich homie. See that's the thing. People Are comedians and they say jokes and sometimes people laugh. I hear we stomped out Tiki Bobs is crazy too. Yeah. Shout to Tiki Bar. Yeah. You ain't that famous in my city. They get you together out here. I ain't you Napa is a city of we don't give a fuck who you are type city. Nah, we Love underground niggas. We don't care about how a major soul lives at all.


I was Telling somebody today the other day, like Jay-Z could come here. I will go to Jay-Z concert. Little Bootsy or Yo Gotti is playing. They might outsell Jay-Z here. Oh yeah. Indianapolis. Yeah. And that, that says a lot about the city. But we have am IW you are nah outsell but people it not Out. It's the it's the venue. Yeah. I'm saying like more people will go like our people. So when I say Indianapolis I'm talking about Black people because there's whole, because honestly white people, they support any concert, especially at out outdoors in numbers Field. Yeah. Facts. Facts. But I'm saying that They outnumber us because I remember Cloud nine Gucci that 55% of that crowd was white. That shit fucked me up.


I Mean we just had Jeezy here at the Old National. Yeah that motherfucker was, that was a time. But if, if Jay-Z here the same day, it's kind of like ugh. I'm saying I dunno if if Jay-Z and Jay-Z here the same Jeezy not, no you gotta say Booy Tga. TGA is just talking about what we support more though. I'm saying you gotta say yo got same day. I can't Say sell more. Yeah. Booy and Jay-Z here at the same day. People see in Indianapolis the the inner city. Our Community. Yeah the inner city, the black, the niggas and the heartbeat. They going see Booy, I'm gonna see Jay-Z I see y'all niggas tomorrow. Yeah. But most not even a question but I gonna say those people probably seen Booy for the 36th time and they were excited as fuck.


They're gonna hang time. They get a fit. It's lit. Niggas just tapped in for that. That's a fact. Yeah because It's both old music that you gonna listen to anyway. Yeah, They go listen to him before they go listen to Jay. And that's a fact On what you on that night. Yeah. And I'm never been a supporter of that. I would go see Jay and I love Booy to death like anybody else come and it's Booy, I'm going but Jay ye I'm cool but I seen niggas leave Yay concert. This one I knew this is my right handed guy in Atlanta. I knew Future was different when Future went on before Ye and Future killed that shit. Right. And then Ye came out and niggas left Rena Diner empty And I'm like, like that's Kanye West.


Like we saying, my niggas like man let's get ready to go to Compound. Nah that's, they try to hear that shit because You got that energy already. Appreciate it that that's why though I really think that's why people live. I wasn't there. I don't know but I'm saying like I don't want to see Jay-Z after future if I know Jay-Z is the la I'm saying though, I feel you Ain't that same. Nah, when Jay, I Don't wanna see Kendrick after Future. Nah, when Jay, when Jay came, if we in Atlanta because Jay came after, well Jay came on the stage after Jeezy one year they did a concert together. A blueprint three tour. Yeah I've seen that here too. And and nah it was different. I'm just seen that nigga Seen the grown man cry For the people on that vibe though. Like we're going straight from Get Joe Smith nigga he cried and looked at me, said Nigga you wasn't dead.


You wasn't dead Because he is the same age. This nigga I'm just telling you he was crying. Well That's different. That nigga had JayZ, that nigga had Jay-Z on the brim of his New York Yankees fitted. Oh that's nasty. Joe Smith, The real Joe Smith nigga. My nigga Joe Smith. The only, the only Joe Smith nigga always wanna count. Number one, pick nigga The real stretch four. The number one pick Joe Smith. That nigga listen, he had JayZ on the brim. That nigga Said y'all used to write on your outfits. Hell nah. Nigga said cannot live. And I'm looking at him, I'm like yeah that's my shit. He's like nigga you wasn't there. You wasn't bro. I wasn't. I'm be like nigga I was born motherfucker. I've heard the songs. You, you was, I'm like I know the song.


He like he started rapping and nigga, nigga tears coming down. I don't think, I don't think Joe Smith is a bigger fan of Jay-Z than Shafer. Oh my mama is No bro. He had that nigga on the brim of his hack. Give me Brad Schafer over Joe. What? Did he have Jay-Z on it or did he have Jacob? Verse verse had a picture had Brad picture a picture of Jay-Z. Not the word Jay-Z. No it was a picture. Well that explains a lot about him. Don't give my nigga like that. Give gimme my nigga. Matter fact Joe need to sit down with you. Gimme My nigga bra. Shaver that Nigga. Hey I ain't gonna lie. Joe Smith took care of me dog when I was a rookie. Shout out to my dog man. Even though you maybe bring Hennessy to Eric game. That's my nigga, nigga Played in the seventies.


A pin or a bottle if, oh okay young fella, make sure you got that fifth. You say nigga got a pin of Hennessy, he's liable to shoot their entire ring up. Young, young fella. Make sure you got that fifth after the game. I had that fifth for Henny for my dog. Shout out to my man Joe. No respect bro. That he was like a moment we smashed by, Hey get Joe Smith was my dog man Joe Smith, you gonna be able to get you one of these was grabbing that og. I was, yeah. My shit was 40 Got cirrhosis fucking with T. Man, let's roll with that nigga man. He in good health man. I just seen him for sure man. Get well soon. Joe Smith. Listen man, we got a great year lined up for y'all. We can't wait to share with y'all. Morning show. Gonna be going crazy as well.


Got some great additions to, will be announced soon. We appreciate y'all. We got some new merch coming out. Got some dope collaborations. Yeah, we got some. We don't wanna spoil nothing man. But we gonna let y'all know we, we here, we got some fire guests on the way man. Fire guests this year. Okay. Y'all been waiting for us to have some guests. We been in here, you know, chopping up with y'all just being family again. But we got some guests on the way for sure. For sure man. We plan to have a big year. Hope you do as well. We'll be back next time. Club five 20. The Volume.