
Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it. to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. Check out Bose dot com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Hey, it is Ryan Seacrest. There's something so thrilling about playing Chumba Casino. Maybe it's the simple reminder that with a little luck, anything is possible. Chumba Casino dot com has hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new game releases each week, play for free anytime anywhere. For your chance to redeem some serious prizes, join me in the fun sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino, no purchase necessary. VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Our Kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for Us. Just this overall sense of community, the values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live.


The Volume,


The FL season is back and underway and the action is always hitting up on the field at the Draftking Sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draftking Sports Book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL All new customers. Now is your chance to get in all the football action. New customers bet just five bucks to get $200 in bonus. Be instantly. So score big with Draft King Sports. Book the number one place ti bet touchdowns. Download the app today and use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in New Hampshire, Oregon and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk nng.co/ft ball NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


Alright man, we back another wonderful episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Special special guest to my left man. We're gonna introduce my man's last to my far left. We got my dog Bishop B he out the prairie release. How you what? Nasty, cool And nasty. Let's get to it baby. You know what I'm saying? I know. You know what I'm saying? You know what you really normally be on but you got the the Adidas on for for EJ today. Yeah, Adidas athlete. Adidas for nasty. This one for you. And The other time we got them the villain shoes on over there. So I'm a happy show respect to our guest one time to my right, my dog, young Nacho Young T Got you. What man? I'm Chilling bro. Another Oh seven graduate in the building so it's about to be a good pod for sure. For sure man. Like you said another oh seven class.


Listen man, we got a legend in the building. Indiana Legend. Anytime you talk about high school basketball, you better mention his name right here man. We got EJ Eric Gordon, 17 year NBA vet in the building. Appreciate you Big do sliding through man. Oh no doubt man. It's been a long time coming. I should have been here a long time ago but it's, it's good that I'm here now. You been busy getting money man. We understand. You still playing the show. Busy getting to it. We understand your schedule a little bit different nine months outta the year. Yeah, but listen man, we gotta take it back y'all origin of basketball playing each other, you know what I'm saying? Indianapolis, Indiana one of the best places to play basketball and we always talk about who was cold growing up and no, nobody ever goes against it. Everybody knows Since you was the coldest bro, how was that growing up with them type of expectations bro?


Well I mean it was different because you know, I've been playing against Jeff since, I would say, what would you say about eight, eight years old or something at municipal gardens and shout Out to the gardens. The funniest thing is growing up from elementary school and middle school, I was always the shortest kid out there. Like I was the smallest, I was the shortest, but I always had, you know, I mean my game was there but I was just the shortest person known out there. And then as I reached around, you know eighth grade, I mean I, I was diner built like a grown man at a young age and seventh grade. I mean I barely even played because I was growing so much and you know, a lot of motherfuckers thought I was on steroids or whatever.


But I did. I did get, I was one Of the motherfuckers that was the real you, you on your origin, you know But ej we thought you was on that shit. I was on that shit. I mean I grew a lot and but and then going into high school I was able to really propel and me myself, I ain't trying to throw your, you know, your folks address out, but did you always live that close to the JCC? Majority of my life. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, majority. Shout to the JCC loop. Yeah, that's a staple. Elite hoop sessions in the city. That's a staple For sure. Your daddy still fucking with it over there still. Oh yeah. Yeah, he's still over there you go still Shout out to Pops man. Yeah, for sure. Love seeing pops out man. Especially what y'all doing with the program with the kids man, I love seeing him about the term man.


He be holding it down for real. Nah, facts. Listen, listen. EJ was the first dude when we was little I seen hit a left hand layup. Nah, besides Reese, you know Reese was left-handed but Eric went to the basket and he switched to the left. I think he was like third grade, second, third grade. And my pops was like, now that's a player. You know how my pops is. He always go big somebody else. So I was, I was at home pissed trying, should have left head lip still can't shoot one to this day. Fuck it. It's cool though. He went ah, so he called bitch Did your pop start you off with the fundamentals first though? He, For for sure did. That was the number one thing and shooting was number one. Handles was second and I mean he made his, he kept it very simple for for me.


I mean he was hard on me like he was hard on me. Oh yeah right. Because to be honest, he really made me hate everybody I played against when I was in high school. So lemme tell you. So I put it like this, I knew he was gonna play Pike first game and you know, Fuck him On that Monday. On that Monday my dad would be like, Hey Jeff, Jeff, he gonna be ready to go. What the hell you going to do? I mean you already know he's got the handles, you know he's got a jump shot. I mean what you going to do? Because half the time You can, you might guard him, you might not, but what you gonna bring to the table? And he did that every week. Just pe me on and pe me on like E Chicago, he Ewan Moore, you know, what are you gonna do against him?


Like he made me really hate every one of y'all before the weekend. I know you talk. That all makes sense because you killed that nigga won't even talk to us. I'm like, what's up boy, you good? Like damn, well fuck you. We gonna tell you. He didn't Wanna say he just kill you after a while. Like well this motherfucker says shit to him man. I don't know what the fuck wrong with him. He a robot. Yeah. So your dad put that killer instinct in you basically. For sure. I mean for sure. Like he never, he didn't believe in bad games. He didn't believe, he said you just figure out a way. You know, he always wanted me to score and always wanted me to win. But I'm telling you when he, when when we was going against in a big game, right, whoever their best player, best player was, I mean he just wanted me to go go after him.


And so it's just, that's, that's definitely part of the story. And I shut out because you know we had lot, I was going against a lot of good players. Everybody. How we Talking about all the time I talking are you Michael Conley, Greg Golden, Josh. Mick was crazy. The list goes on for real. Them of course Mike and them. Shit. Did you ever play what shit Walter was hyped back then? Yeah, Warmer. So Yeah, a little bit. I mean see what we even played against Gordon Hayward and Emma Brownsburg, we traveled and I mean we traveled. I mean we were traveling everywhere back. You We played Broad River too. Yeah, He, he, he started laughing. Hold on.


I did, I did play That was, I don a pick on me so hard to the ground. This nigga power dribbling up to corny shit fool Me. Shit. Funny as fuck. That's Funny as hell. Before we get to the high school stuff though, yo you was a part of one of the best AAU teams ever, man. We talk about it all the time. How was that like playing that experience with that crazy ass team? Did y'all know y'all was that good at the time? No, We knew that. We knew that. You talking about speech Indy Heat? Absolutely. Yeah. No, we, we knew that we were that good because we, we were bought in, we weren't trying to be like most pe most kids out there trying to score 30, 40, 50 points.


I mean the average, I would say the high score of that game probably would've had 18, 16 and everybody shared the ball. Everybody and we won every game. Like every game that we, when we were all healthy, we won every game. So, but I think in three summers we only lost probably two, three games. Did eh? Yeah, I was, I was whooping shit. You ever remember one of your toughest matchups back then? Because was you on Hill when they played Lou? When y'all played Lou Will Lou Williams was a major problem. I'd never seen too many guys like him in high school. Yeah, I mean I remember that drunk game which high in the Georgia Stars and Mike, he had a NBA game in high school.


Like he played like how he is but imagine way more athletic and Lou will would dunk on you in high school too. Yeah. Like there was, he he was Nah, Lou was a problem. Yeah, he was a major problem. Shout to my dog. Shout out to Lou man. Yeah, like what he was doing in NBA. I mean he in high school, I mean it was just with more athleticism. But that's what I tell people about you. Like when we got to when we got, when you got to the league and shit, everybody's like, man, I'm like man, y'all should have seen how athletic he was in high school. I'm like, that motherfucker dump on the free throw line, all type of crazy shit. Like and people know you as a shooter. I'm like, he was shooting like that but that motherfucker used to dunk on Everybody. Oh yeah, no I I did early on in my career before I had those injuries.


Yeah, during my time in New Orleans. But yeah I would, Nah, I know, I know. I remember Tommy Freeman shout to Tommy. We ain't gonna do Tommy. I we we know you was on in the Heat, but you know what I'm saying? He finished career with a different team and Was the reason he got dunked on crossed Me court He did. Fucker fuck. Fuck man. He said talk. And I remember that game too 'cause I felt like there was some calls getting missed And we was beating the as pissed Off. Yeah, y'all were up and we were pissed off and then, and that's shit. You know, I I just, That's when I say yeah he the best player in the country.


It was between you and Bs. 'cause BS did us bad and then we was beating y'all and you went off for like 35 in the second half. I'm like, this motherfucker here is crazy man. Like and I'm everybody like he Was supposed to play with y'all. I said, yeah man, what fuck. I'm like, how you just gonna lead a year? I Come, what the fuck? Yeah, nah, y'all was cold. Yeah, that's crazy. Like you said, man, shout out to class. I was seven CD Roses retiring yo performer au back. How is that? You know what I'm saying? Like that experience like, 'cause you went from that great ass speech team to like, y'all going crazy. That was different. Yeah, for sure. 'cause throughout the high school, man, I wouldn't say we were enemies, but we always played against one another and we always, and then we played against each other in a, in a regular high school game.


And so, and then we was like, you know, I didn't like Indiana Elite at the time. And then I was like, you know what, let's just join forces. And they were like, for sure let's just make that happen. And I mean I had a that that team was fun man. But we only had six, seven P players. Yeah, They did. Y'all didn't need nobody else. They ain't had no real big man. I mean Tim was a big man but he was like six four. He was six four and could do everything around man. He was, But like Yeah, he was the dog for sure. Was you already committed to Illinois before you went into mean streets? Yeah, I was committed during my time at mean streets. Okay, Okay. Yeah. I remember that being.


We always do like a little moming of silence for certain shit. I mean me and d Rowe, we was supposed to go to the same college. Well we know that was the plan. You know, it was either Illinois and maybe iu, maybe Memphis and you know, you know, we heard a lot of things in Illinois what was going on there, this and that. And, but my heart was always in Indiana, always wanted to play at IU always. So, but you know, it all worked out at the end. I went to iu, he went to Memphis. But for sure I thought, I thought we were both gonna go to IU at, at one point. Damn. That's crazy. It's crazy.


They tried to put us in a three guard line. I remember Coach Sampson called me and he was like, I'm getting you, I'm getting Derrick Rose and Eric Gordon. I said, why the fuck you think I'm going there? Like You can hang this call up. Said I'm going son a bitch. Yeah. All right. Wake Forest, here I come. I was Like, no way. He called me. I was like, Eric going to Illinois. He was like not on my fucking watch. He Literally said that. Go man, not on my watch. Shout out to the, he won't be going there on my watch. You watch, Hey I promise you Thatt, I promise you y'all not getting outta Indiana. I said man, I'm not going. I told my dad I'm not going there.


You was automatic number one like out the gate. Yeah, I did. I mean yeah I always loved IU growing up but okay and because I know I wasn't gonna go far. I wanted my parents and I wanted my family to go to every game, so. Okay. That was, that was the main thing. Yeah, For sure. I mean before we get to the college though, we gotta talk about one of the most historic high basketball games of all time. You know what I'm saying? What you did to the Jordan kids at North Central bro was very disrespectful but still one of the best things ever. Man. Please recap that. 'cause like you said, you going to see these games hating everybody pops with the battery in your back 'cause what you did to them bro. That look personal bro. Before he start, I just wanna say big shout out to Marcus Jordan, go ahead.


If Marcus would've had what he had this summer in, they might have won. You feel me? The real Go ahead. You know, you know I didn't know anything about Loyola Academy but you know, first thing that come to my mind, you know at Chicago school, you know I thought, you know, but then when we wa when I watched him on film and I was like, you know, everything's evolved around the Jordan kids, like they're the best players on the team and and their team was small and I was like okay, every time when I get the ball, if, if I don't have a catch and shoot I'm going down the, I'm taking it to the rack like every time or I'm gonna at least try to dunk.


But the main thing where I really wanted was to do one of Jordan's dunks in endgame. He Disrespectful bro. ESPN baby. He did he rock. He's so disrespectful with Jordan in the crowd. What was that a 50 piece? What you have on? I think it was close boy I don't know the exact number but I Was watching that shit, the shit crying, laughing bro. Then they had the Eric Gordon jerseys. I'm like oh they wow. Yeah they was wild. Eric Gordon was insane. Yeah. I said they wow. I was like this is, this is dope though. It may, it made me feel good being from Indianapolis though. Like hell yeah. Yeah. Like you said, like you look at them teams was like, okay y'all cool in Chicago. But what I deal with on a daily basis is people who's going D one or to the NBA, like y'all like Yeah, Yeah for sure.


Like almost everybody on in whoever went to the school in in east conference, they one player a league. Yeah, somebody went, which Is crazy. Chris Was trying to tell Norris Norris was just on, you know, shout to Norris but Indiana was just different in them times bro. Them yeah It's crazy. And when you didn't even have to leave the city, like we just talking about the Mick, we didn't even go to the region where you had like you said Eton or Robbie Humel, Scott Martins like all the like everywhere in the state it was killers at and it was crazy. Like for me I went to JEL so I was at Pike indoor central half a day to see the reception that like y'all got 'cause y'all was cold obviously you was that nigga and it was just like we ain't had that much cool spirit. Yeah, at North Central. Yeah. Oh niggas had the Air Gordon Tea they had, he had merch.


Boy if it was was NIO back there bro. You would've been a millionaire in North Central? Yeah. Oh yeah. No, north Central. I, I loved it my time there. I mean some of the best days of my life was there. So What the fuck Pipe You can change it now. Coach there wasn't no No 44 Merch. I ain't best. The 44 is crazy. They ain't had none of that. I don't think we had a pep rally. We didn't even have a real stew section for it. Nah, for real. We ain't gonna let y'all do podcast. Was talking crazy though. Was talking crazy though. We talked Shit. I let, let's talk about that. That y'all senior year matchup beginning of the year, it was a always a common thing. Tradition Pike played North Central First game of the year, y'all senior years, you know what I'm saying?


You was going away, you gonna iu that's another legendary high school game man. That was, how was that from your side of it? He talking about how he walked into it, but like what was your mindset going into that? I was always underrated. So I knew he was a number one player almost in the country. I was like a hundred or something. So I was just trying to let people know I could hoop. I was just trying to go out there and have a good show. But we used to beat them all the time before so I knew he was like, yeah it's my time to beat they ass. Like I was like, ah, he gonna come in here on some shit. I ain't really got reinforced like I used to have, you know, we used, we used to be loaded. So I'm like, it's just me and my guy Phil Kyle ain't never played varsity. Fuck it. I'm about to shoot this fucker. So we was having back and forth and at the end of the game he, he did what he had to do.


Yeah, You killed though bro. I'm Boots was like 30 to 33 point wise, something like that. So I'm like, yep. Yeah, no he, no you did get it going. And I just knew like he would always be up there. Like he's always gonna have a good game. Like I, I, I knew a lot of those things and 'cause 'cause if, if he does well Pike does. Well you know, even though they got other guys that can do some things. 'cause y'all still had Cordell. Paley. Yep. And Kyle and Phil And You had Big Dennis. Dennis Big Dennis. Yeah, Dennis. Y'all had Big Otto though bro. Otto was a motherfucker problem back in the day.


Yeah you could play And then y'all had Gantt coach there now? Yeah. Yeah. We didn't know him Kevin. He came and senior we, I didn't even know he could hoop. He came out hooping. I'm like what the fuck is this Hoop? Hoop? Yeah Because we just talk, we just game playing for you and your brother and Ito and that was it. Like we was like everybody else fuck him. We him. This little dude came out there hooping. I was like damn. But nah, it was a good game for sure. Classic game for sure. Like you said, you know what I'm saying? You got a iu? Yeah, I had a hell of a, you had a hell of a freshman year man. I had a solid ass squad. How was that step like playing at that level? 'cause you know what I'm saying, playing in sym, I was different. Nah, it was different. Nah, we had it rocking and we just went through so much adversity throughout that whole, you know, freshman year.


'cause we were talented as hell. I mean, I mean every practice, you know, every to every game. I mean you play against good teams and I mean we just had a whip, you know DJ White? Yes sir. And you had Jordan Crawford coming off the bench. You had Armand, Armand Bassett. Yes sir. And you had JaMarcus Ellis Tone, JaMarcus Ellis, rest in peace. Rest in peace for him. Yes. And we had, you know, Lance stem, I mean we just had a lot of guys, I, you know, I can name the whole team easily, but we just had, we did have a squad. Hell yeah. And I just hated it. I would love to see how far we could have went if they didn't fire Samson. That's, that was the thing. Yep. That's crazy. Would you, I mean obviously we didn't think it was going back, but like that play out, like you said, how like heavy was that moment 'cause you was killing and, but You can see everybody like stopped at a hole when that shit came out.


So like dealing with that in the university different than dealing with that in the high school. 'cause you know that's administrative stuff, but you on campus you gotta see it, hear it. And now like y'all going through that like, like you said, the issues you was going through and I'm saying internally with the team going through the tournament, you was like all now I gotta look focused now you like, shit, I love college but I know I'm about to go to the least now I gotta kind of think about me more than the team. But how's that mental process? Well it was a lot mentally. 'cause I mean, fuck, as soon as Samson got fired, the next day at practice I see four motherfuckers at in the gym. And it was, it was just weird 'cause I wanted to win. I still wanted to win. But it was just such, everybody was distraught. 'cause you know, I mean that team was just so talented and we were so into with that coach, I mean with Samson and I mean it just kind of broke us apart.


But me mentally, I mean I still had to, I mean, I still had to do what I had to do as far as trying to get to the league. I mean, yes sir. I even fractured my wrist during the, during practice one day. I mean, we go to the doctor, doctor say, oh man, you fractured your wrist. You gonna, you gonna be out for a little while? And after that doctor's appointment, my dad said, fuck that. You taping that shit up and we still playing out the gate and, and we had to play. I'll never forget we played had to play against Wisconsin like two days later with a fractured wrist. So, Damn. Yeah, I went through a lot of dedication, My boy. Yeah, locked in Pops down there. Joe Jackson. I thought Mr. Te was my pop pops Joe Jackson.


That nigga said it a hard growing up, you know, it's crazy. Both they, they went to the league, shout shit off somewhere. The blueprint For sure.


You shouldn't have to worry about when you buy your tickets to your next big event. Game time is a fast and easy way to buy tickets for all the sports, music, comedy and theater events near you where great last minute deals all in prices, views from your seat and the best price guarantee game time takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. So go ahead and take the guesswork out of buying MLB tickets with game time. Download the game time app, create an account and use promo Code Club five 20 for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem Code Club five 20 for $20 off. Download game time today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guarantee.


State Farm knows making smarter financial moves today. Secures your financial freedom for a second tomorrow on Michael Cultura podcast network. We believe this too by sharing money management tips that help you realize your dreams. Like on our show life as a gringo with DJ Ramos. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't, right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves, educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. How to not fall into those same traps and, and how to not, you know, create the same difficult situations that many of us grew up in. Like I, I started the podcast earlier saying, for me in my family, one of the biggest points of contention was finances. And I know as I gotten older, I made it a promise to myself to say, I don't wanna relive that Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


What's good Justin Jefferson here Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with These open ear buds To have good sound on it. to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. Check out bs.com


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joa wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Looking for a fast and comfortable head shave? Check out the Remington Balder pro head shaver designed to give you a smooth shaving head in under two minutes. The Balder Pro head shaver features a powerflex 360 degree neck and five dual track heads that pivot and contour to ensure maximum skin contact on all sides. It's 100% waterproof so You can use it with foam in the shower or dry and is super easy to clean because the cut hair collects in the chamber underneath the shaver heads. The Balder Pro is backed by a five year limited warranty for guaranteed durability and the lithium rechargeable battery delivers up to 50 minutes of cordless runtime from the number one brand of head shavers in the us. Go to balder pro.com for 15% off today. That's balder pro.com for 15% off based on two day growth source rcna retail tracking service. US sales 12 months ending April, 2024.


Oh it's such a clutch off season pickup Dave. I know Right? I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. Oh no, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room Blinds.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No, it was easy. Even You can do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You Fly across the country to do the install? Nope. Blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look at You. A hall of Fame Sun. Oh I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Oh blinds.com is the goat, The goat Shop, the blinds.com primetime kickoff event happening now and save up to 50% off select styles plus Doorbusters up to 50% off@blinds.com blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


How was your draft process? You know what I'm saying? Did you, you know, obviously you know it's projected lottery, you go through a tumultuous situation to IU now you going to the league. How was that? Nah, I mean getting drafted was, I mean that was a great experience and my rookie year. I mean that was My boy went to LA Yeah that was Hell of a season to get drafted too. Yeah, that was a unique experience. 'cause that was actually the first time, I mean my first 10 to 12 games, I mean I'm only, I'm only, I'm over here averaging five minutes a game and we were losing and I was like, like what? What are we doing here? You know? So You were so there Kids got a good today. I mean you could be these young kids now, the guys that get drafted, I mean they get the keys handed to and from day one.


Yeah. 'cause I think everybody in my draft, only DD Rose was the only one that started and everybody else had to work their way to to starting and figuring out their way throughout that, throughout that year. That's Crazy. Once they gave you the keys though, they, what's up? Oh Yeah, yeah. No you Started night. Yeah, They easy doing what he do best. What, what was that changing point though? Like what game, you remember what game or what happened between you and the coaching staff? Like what? Like all right, give Eric the ball now. God damnit. I mean there was, I mean there was a lot I got into it. I mean I got in trouble a little bit with the team and yeah but things just turned out for me because you know, a lot of guys were injured.


I think Baron Davis was injured and all that and then, then I got the start, A lot of guys got injured so I got my start. I'll never forget it was against New Orleans against CP three and next thing you know, we won like three, four games in a row. Even though we still went like 20 and 62. Yeah, I was strange. Yeah, we was still getting our ass beat beat, but, but that's kind of solidified in, you know, my career and I, you know, I did well and I started to find my way and be myself. That's why I figured like that helped your confidence out a lot in the NBA. Like damn I'm averaging 20 in the league, we losing. I wanna win but shit, I'm killing getting my shit off. I remember how strong this motherfucker was when He, he came back after his rookie season.


He was working out with Chris and we was over there at Best Choice. Best. Yeah. And he called me up there, I was getting ready the, for the draft and I came up there and I looked, I said, what the fuck? I was like, nah, duh. Chris was like, you gotta get bigger man. I'm like, shit never looked like the Rock nigga. What Come I do with that? He like, well that's what the guards look like, man. Damn. Nah I ain't gonna make it g. Nah man you sound like be here when Gordon came back after his first year, I swear to God, Gordon Hayward. Oh I love you. You know, you my one of my guys. You was on that shit. Don't do that. Ain't nobody tell me me different. Just my boy just retired so we can speak now.


My boy wanted to trouble, my boy had that vein in his neck. Yeah, he crazy. I was coming back too small. Nah, go, came back to campus. Big said, damn, He, Because he was skinny, he skinny his whole life. Yeah. Shut We got to the damn near what the league or his, like his last year at Butler? Yeah, last year. His last year. Butler was different year because I remember like I was on campus at the time and I was like, alright. But when he came back it was all that, that's a pro. But even when he came back that first year from the jazz, I'm like, damn. Like you hit a growth spurt of 22. Did that slow you down though, getting bigger or did that, you feel like that helps You? Nah, it, it, it helped me because my game was all about contact. Every time I get in a basket, I'm, I'm all I was looking for it. Yeah. So, you know, because I believe in every time I look for contact, I don't even really have to be, sometimes I don't have to feel like I have to be explicit getting to the rim.


So, okay. Yeah. Using the science, using the invent trick, learning how to score professionally. It's crazy. I never really put two and two together. Now you was on the Donald Rai clip machine. That is crazy. That is crazy. That's no wonder why there was a lot of issues. Did you go to the white party? Yeah, three years. Three years of it. Tell my biggest shit in the Rack. Shut rap Is crazy. They said he had a white party on the show. I just wanted to See it was true. That's crazy. Oh damn. That's crazy. That is crazy. But like you said, one of your best games against the world is you didn't know you was auditioning. Know what I'm saying? You go to like, He shot check his hand.


Yeah, my boy had to leave Sunny LA from New Orleans. Man. How was that transition? Your first taste of basketball business? Oh Man, I was, I'm not gonna lie, I was pissed. I was pissed because during that time people forget I was supposed to sign a, like a max deal with with LA like right then and there. And then that's when we had the, the lockout. Yeah. Yeah. And once we got back from there, I mean I was, I, they were promised like, you're gonna be here for five years, this and that because the, the trade was done. I mean it was supposed to be, I think Bledso came in the alpha Faru. Yeah. And, and then we thought that then once they backed out of it, I guess David Stern might've probably went to the gym and, and they just threw me in there and the rest was history.


And I, you know, I was a little bit confused and I was younger too, so, and then when I got to New Orleans, like I wanted to do well, but I had already got injured. I was already injured and you know, people down there, they just thought I just didn't give a damn or anything while I was down there. But, but, but hey, a couple years later when I got to New Orleans, we went to the playoffs and I don't know what people be getting mad for down there. Like that's a lot to ask for down there. Be be grateful. Nah, new Orleans is a cool city though. It is. It is cool city but nah, going from LA to New Orleans is like me going from Atlanta. Nevermind.


What you gonna say Indiana? I still live here every about to say, see I told you Indiana, how he really feel. I still live here. Nah, it is though. It is like Atlanta to back home. It's crazy. Yeah, it is like, oh it's a different to it's like, ah man. I mean being from here made it a little easier but the way of life is for it different. For sure. I gotta ask, you done played a couple dope cities. What's your favorite city you played in so far? I would say Houston and the la most of my Houston Is a fire City. Houston. Yeah. Houston, LA Top two. You was a part of one of the coldest runs in basketball in Houston. Like, you know what I'm saying? How was that? You know what I'm saying? Contended every year in the west and y'all had to go against one of the best teams ever, man.


Yeah man. That was definitely the most fun team I've been on. And you know, we were together all the time. You know, it was, I mean it was easy to win. Like it was very easy to win. We just hoop our coach. I mean he was a big part of the dance. Tony was a big part of it. Yeah. Tony let boys cook. I mean he let us be us. We followed, you know, his scheme. But at the end of the day, you know, he, he just let us be us and he made it fun. You know, his experience made it fun. But, but yeah, I mean, fuck, we had a hell of a team. James was, I mean, being around him, working with him every, every day. I'm a special player, but we had a lot of other guys that, I mean it was Now y'all had a squad?


Nah, we did have squad for years. Y'all Had a squad, bro. What was that like? Like embracing that six man road? Like coming from being a starter and then going to being like a six man and then like embracing the road and then like, really, really flourishing in it though. Yeah, because during my time in New Orleans, you know, I was like, I'm, I'm gonna go to, after I left there, I was like, I'm gonna go to a team where I just wanna win and I'll figure out the rest. Like I'm just gonna figure it out. I'm not gonna be injured. I'm gonna figure out ways that I can be injured and just go out there and play. And I didn't care what if I started or not, but as soon as I got there I was like, they gave me a, you know, a formula to, to what I needed to do.


You know, they didn't care if I ever practiced. They was like, we just want you to be healthy to no that's love and you know, great training staff, good, you know, medical staff and everything. And but after that I was, I I I just embraced it. I think I was like, I don't care. I'm gonna win six men of a year. I want to, you know, knocking out, knocking down a lot of threes during d Tony's play. 'cause you know how that that yeah it was difficult to guard us so for sure. And that was perfect for the way you played basketball. Like, oh no, lay just layups and threes like one of the best shooters ever. Of course he can do that. Yeah. Yeah. See everybody, the funny thing is everybody wants to talk about doing that, but you gotta still be able to, you know, move the ball. Yep.


You know, if you don't have a clear cut layup or whatnot, then somebody else has to be open. So, but it, it was, it was good basketball. Nah, y'all was tough to play. We played y'all in the playoffs. Your ass like that. Sweet. Get us outta there. Y'all got one game didn't you? Minnesota. Oh Yeah, I cooked that game. You right. We didn't get oh I that game For, I'm like well at least got one Shit. They got us outta there though. I had one good game. That's crazy. Hey listen, know so I know we can't talk about James hard too much in this podcast y'all be getting with, but we're not gonna let that legacy die down.


You saw it firsthand. Like James Hardt was really killing it. Everybody Trump to act like that did not happen. It's weird That, that he wasn't killed. Yeah, They try to, they try to downplay that now. Like it was just okay 'cause of the Luke and stuff. I'm like no, James Hart was really destroying shit if he, if y'all didn't run into the Warriors, it's a different conversation. And even some of the stuff that happened with like CP don't pull his hamstring. Y'all win that serious. For sure. Yeah, no I truly believe same. If CP didn't get injured we would've, we would've won that year. I really do. I think so. Won the championship. Yeah, They had on beat. Yeah for sure. I I would. Hmm. Yeah I was up what, 3, 2, 3, 2? Yep. Yeah. Yeah. You don't think they get in Cleveland? I respect the respect the pun. They Was gonna beat whoever was in the east.


I don't even know that they was scoring too much. It had to be Cleveland then, right? It was Yeah. Gonna be whoever was in the east. Yeah that might've been tough. That'd been a hell of a series though. That'd Been a hell of a series. That's what had me held on. But Y'all was definitely supposed to come out the west that year. Who Was the best player You can played with in your career so far in 17 years? Best teammate? Nah, best player then You can do. Best teammate. Damn best player That I ever played against. Play with. Play with. Ooh Throw you under the bus right now. I love it. That's a tough one boy. Yeah because you, you been around some killers bro. You asked some shit that's why I'm asking you. And what's crazy is now you about to play with another goat coming this season this year? Yeah.


You got MVP Joel? Yeah He, he played with Joel. I'm not gonna lie, KD was a special one and James was was a special one 'cause I mean I played with ad, ad was Yeah bro Young ad was man Young ad he was a Well he was coming into his own. Yeah, yeah That used kd. I'll let you Come back to it. Worry. It's a tough one. Yeah you Never, that's crazy. Yeah I forgot about the Phoenix squad. Yeah, yeah, yeah. KD cold. One of the best steel going to it. Crazy man. That's a tough question for him. Yeah, I agree. Yeah we gotta ask it though. People wanna know how, you know what I'm saying now let's talk about now man. You know what I'm saying? New season coming up. Got you. Where you at right now? You in Philly with it.


How you, you know what I'm saying? How did you come about that situation? You know what I'm saying? Well I want to get a chance to win and I thought, you know Philly, 'cause you know I'm familiar with their front office, Darryl Mor and all them. And then I look at their team and I'm like, man Maxie, he's, he's really involved and be, you know, Maybe peace status player. You know you look at Kelly ure and, and now they have Caleb Martin and then you got PG that just in the mix with all of that. And I'm like, and you know me to, to Finn in, you know to be knocked down shots to shooting, you know create, you know as those guys are creating.


So I was like man we can really have something a shot at something Facts. Oh for sure. You know what I'm saying? Y'all go crazy. Shit. I don't know if y'all gonna beat the Pacers but you know what I'm saying. I feel like y'all pretend to you hey, hey Egypt, why you ain't never come home bro? Why we here? Why you ain't come fuck with the Pacers man? Man I don't think there's really ever been a, a real shot and chance stick. So You said you wanted to win? Yeah, I like that was a good answer ej I answer for you. You didn't Wanna come to the play with two? Nah he but I like that's crazy. He'll fit this team perfectly now. I mean you in Philly you fit that team perfect too but Oh yeah. The way you shoot the ball but people always forget that you a really good defender.


Yeah like this nigga is strong as shit. I'm telling y'all like you can't po him and Chris, Paul and Eric Bli only guards you can't post. I used to watch people and drew to post them. Oh yeah And Drew but it was like, I'm like this nigga is strong as shit. Like I watch people, I watch him guard Cat. Kat was trying to post him. You Got a lot of smut on Kat name bro. I know I love Kat. I love Kat. But what he trying to post y'all? Yeah he couldn't post him. He said we switched. We switched everything. He couldn't post him. I swear what's crazy is he be modest but your two guard should be switching your five comfortably. That's nuts. Hey was strong man. Him and PJ James Strong as shit.


Yeah they had a strong ass team. That's a good thing to highlight though 'cause people don't talk about how good of a defender you are though. Yeah they don't. They focus in on you shooting though. But I I think the sixth ain standing 'cause you here. I just think y'all got a good chance to move forward though. They do this year y'all got a way better team than y'all had over the recent years man. Yeah for sure. Don't worry the Pacers ain't shit that's Just, that's fucked up that now we good man. He know what Hey EJ know what Tom is Though. They gonna make the playoffs for sure The playoffs play in. Nah don't do that. Don't do that. Y'all know I'm rocking. No we don't know. What team are you supporting today? We know the Hawks. They gonna be in here with us.


You know how we rock the hawks. Trey. Trey on his demon time now. I talked to him the other day. He back so he on that. Oh man about trade. That's what that sound like ain free reon. They about to treat them 11 jerseys like them Julius rad jerseys. Oh. Oh shit. Nah these just these top heavy now bro. Yeah that yeah These top heavy now we are. We under the right. It's cool just how Oh y'all for sure under under Put put that put that chalkboard coat. My EJ say he going out Atlanta. It easy money when they go. Nah he might acting like koala litter when they play the hogs. DP cut off tea straight up.


Oh Y'all crazy. Oh man. Well listen I know you got a hard out ej, we appreciate you sliding on this big dog man listen, legend in the city. I sure every time we talk about basketball, especially when it comes to high school basketball, it's always praise for you man. We've been excited for this episode. This is one for the city. Y'all had classic battles man. We appreciate you sliding on you man. Good luck this year. Know what I'm saying? Except for when you pay the Pacers. Good luck this year man. We appreciate y'all rocking with us like share, subscribe, all that good shit. We'll be back next time. Club five 20 The Volume.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with These open ear Buds to have good sound on it. to be so light on your ear. It just like a dream For more. Check out bs.com


Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to Chumba Casino dot com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like fin slots, bingo and solitaire. That You can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to Chumba Casino dot com now and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


It's football season and Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites this week. Enjoy buy one, get one KFC Famous bowl combos only on Uber Eats still craving. We got you covered with game day deals on pizza, burgers, tacos, you name it. All season long and only on Uber Eats official on demand food delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms apply. See app for details.


Life is an act of constant Reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, You can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.