
This is an iHeart podcast.


Hi, I'm Richard Karn, and you may have seen me on TV talking about the world's number one expandable garden hose. Well, the brand new pocket hose copperhead with pocket pivot is here and it's a total game changer. Old fashioned hoses get kinks and creases at the spigot, but the Copperheads pocket pivot swivels 360 degrees for full water flow and freedom to water with ease all around your home. When you're all done. This Rustproof anti Birst hose shrinks back down to pocket size for effortless handling and tidy storage. Plus, your super light and ultra durable pocket hose copperhead is backed with a 10 year warranty. What could be better than that? I'll tell you what an exciting radio exclusive offer just for you. For a limited time, you can get a free pocket pivot and their 10 pattern sprayer with the purchase of any size copperhead hose. Just text water to 64,000, that's water to 64,000 for your two free gifts with purchase W-A-T-E-R to 64,000 By texting 64,000. You agree to receive recurring automated marketing messages from pocket hosts message, and data rates may apply. No purchase required terms supply available@pockethosts.com slash terms.


Welcome to the U versus U podcast. I'm Lex Rero inviting you to go beyond the titles and the accolades of the world's most successful entertainers. Each week we take off the Cape and get real about the inner battles, childhood stories, and the moments that shaped our guests. Get inspired to become the best version of you. Listen to you versus you podcast on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


Hi, I'm Sarah Spain, host of Good Game with Sarah Spain and the co-author of the new book Runs in the Family, an incredible true story of football, fatherhood and belonging. Written with and about Las Vegas Raiders Running backs. Coach Deon McCullough. It's the story of a football coach and father of four who sees his life forever changed by the unsealing of his adoption records. And it's got a twist you won't believe based on the viral ESPN story I did a few years ago. This book will blow your mind and bring you to tears by runs in the family wherever books are sold.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The volume Blending vice's signature dynamic storytelling with the high octane world of sports. Vice Sports brings an exciting and diverse range of programming that goes beyond the game. Catch action packed live events and exclusive sports documentaries and profiles only on vice tv.


Alright man, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. We got a special guest in the building man. We're gonna introduce him. Laughing to my far left. We got my dog, Bishop be he out the prayer he is like, you what? Nasty. What's up baby? Let's get to it man. Now og, this is his staple right here. The black forces with the white laces, that's his thing. You know what I'm saying? That's how he was. That's why he pop out now up. You know what I'm saying? In Canada when you see the Black Air Force one, what does that represent? That's, that's just the old school man. That's what Air Force ones coming way back before these kids that are wearing it now. Yeah. When you see that, we just say yeah, okay, you come from the old school but then, then again You know the new kids are wearing what all flips. Right? They're wearing what we used to wear. Nah, facts, that's what's up. But when I said say yeah, keep it 100, especially with the white laces.


Yeah. Switch it up a bit. Damn, fuck with that. You fuck with that. Look my guy right on know G. Look because I know, I know. Y'all get fresh like you fresh, You know what I'm saying? So get fresh chill bro. You said ain. Hey fresh. I'll be honest with you bro. It's about how you move and how you rock it bro. Yeah. How you rock? It's Comfortability If you feel comfortable in that shit. Yeah, very Good. You think he rocking them right? That's how he want. You know what I mean? Use a one two. Yeah. Okay. See that's the shooter. Life Ain't bad. It ain't bad. I ain't mad at him. Nah, for sure. Alright, see that's like I might ask you for some money at the light and if you say no, I might rob you.


That's you. You know what I'm saying? It's like in a high and go type situation. Yeah, yeah. How you move though? Yeah, See every go how you Move guys Just knows how each he's trying to, you trying to make you feel like I'm not that guy. It's like a, You know I'm making you feel like yeah you could get one over on me. I want you to feel that way. You get what I'm saying? I see. I keep eyes for sure. You know what you're doing man. You look him in his eyes or you might know and say, yeah, don't fuck with that guy. Yeah, you look somebody in eyes with Black Forces, please make sure you have sunglasses on. It can get naked for sure. Still to my right. My dog. Young Nacho, young T how you what? I'm chilling bro. Chilling. Chilling. Now we let's get to episode rolling. We already started. It's good vibes. Good vibes for sure man. Man, listen. Special guest man pulled up to the city, man.


NBA finals going on man. The OG from up north, man. You heard of the MVP? He the reason why he's here, man, dog. The OG Von Alexander, big dog. We appreciate you sliding on us today man. Appreciate y'all having me man. Appreciate you guys. You know I've been watching you guys stuff and you don't know there's only a few podcasts that I really watched you guys. You know you do. You're talking the right stuff. So No, we appreciate that a Thousand percent bro. You know, on our real ones podcast, why not? Let's do it. Hey man, it's a blessing man to have you pull up on this man. Wish you was in the city on a better terms man. You know what I'm saying? I rock with the sun the longest ways man. But unfortunately, You know what I'm saying, I gotta, I gotta represent for the squad right now. But you got the heat on right now. I got you. You gotta do what you gotta do. But yeah, yeah, yeah. We always got something to rock and something, You know.


Yeah, something, something, You know, Representing. We always see your son, You know what I'm saying? He getting the fits off going crazy with the fashion, got the shoes out obviously we see he get it from the og. Man. You came in smiling and you got the joints on though, You know what I'm saying? Man, representative ache butters the sha butters it tough right there. 0, 0 1 man from the beginning bottom to the top. You know what it is? Yeah. That's his creative. You designed it, You know, as a little creative swag, so You know. No, I gotta represent it with him. Yeah, say it's a family thing. Oh my, my, my nephew wears it. His brothers has a color. Everybody's got their own colorway. Moms mine's just coming up soon but you gotta drop that last, You know, You know, it can't reveal too much. I color Oh, A little bit. Psych behind it, You know what I'm saying? Nah, Face, face, face. How it feel to have your sign?


Like with a shoe though, man. How that feel for the fan? Wow, bro. It's a big, big deal man. It's like, ah, you finally, it's a, it's a, a testament to all the hard work, right? So You know, you get a shoe deal, you, You know, you have your own colorways and all that stuff and kids are buying your stuff wearing your jersey. It's all that stuff. You just say, boy, all the hard work's paying off, You know? Yeah. Uhuh Okay. I'm like a beggar like everybody know me always asking for something so been, we ain't, we ain't, we ain't never One shade Daddy guys Got big watch last fucking I like them shoes. There you go. I don't got a pair of them shoes. There you go. Here we go. I mean I be, it wouldn't hurt to send us none. I hope it, You know, wouldn't hurt.


Nah, it wouldn't hurt to send us a pair. It wouldn't hurt to send us a couple pairs In September. So everybody in their mama right now is, You know, trying to get, you don't know. I'm gonna, I'm gonna see what I can do for you guys. Okay. You know, just Lemme know the sizes and stuff. Yeah, We'll make sure you got all that information Convers with you guys and make them noise. Say yo Converse, tap in. We need vibe for show These guys first. Man, We appreciate it hurt. We definitely gonna do right by I got O KC with the series. Oh shit. Yeah, I mean we already up to one right now. So Crazy. Already up two was, see now I'm conflicted because I want some shoes and I got rock from my team so I'm just be quiet this situation with it. The funny part, like you said, the whole family rock, you getting your own pe It was dope to see him talk about his younger brother obviously got the, the blue joints and he was like, he had some fake Jordans back in the day.


That was that color that he rocked. So now that he got his own officials, that's fire man. Yeah, yeah. Now he got his own that he can say Okay, these ain't fake motherfuckers. Actually my, my family made them and my, my son's also the younger one. He's also with Converse on the creative directing team too. So he's doing this thing and it's like I said, it's a family business member rocking together, You know what I mean? That's my For sure man. We know you was a hooper growing up. What was it like growing up in Toronto, man playing basketball? Like you said, it was a little bit rough up there. People may not be too familiar with how it is in different countries and things of that nature, but what was it like growing up for you hooping? It was, it was fun man. We used to hoop to the end bro. Like morning to night, go around to different, different courts and You know, king of the court type of stuff. You know, you, when you, you lose, you come off. And I'm not gonna lie, a lot of courts we went to, we stayed on once I had my five, we stayed on.


So You was like that? Yeah, We, we, we used, we was gritty man. We was gritty with it. We used and we used to win and it was like I said, it's the toughness part. Yeah, it's skill too. But it's that you go into some courts sometime you don't wanna win because you getting your ass kicked after, right? Yeah. Some guys will tell you say, oh you can play but don't you go over there to let them win the last game or something. Like when what? You got our five, you got our five, let's do this. You know what I'm saying? So we were always just err competitive and that's why I think my son Nikhil and my youngest son get it to today. Just that competitive nature that we, we anywhere in the world, any situation we are, you drop us, we're gonna win. That was back in the days way to win. Do you wanna win or do you wanna go home? You go, You know when you come off that's it. You're not coming off and waiting for seven more guys to get back on seven more runs and then come back again. You know, you have to wait for the guys that, no, there's trying to stay on the court.


You gotta, You know, you gotta plan when you get into that gym. Once you get on, we're staying on for the whole day. For sure. What you wanna lose is that we're going home. You know what I'm saying? Straight up. That's A fact. You're taking the boys around to the parks with you. Oh for sure. For sure. They watching pops work out there for, For sure. For sure. We come from a place called Fairways and on spot spirits. Our our, our court was on top of a garage, they call it top garage. That's where our courts was and that's where they used to be and I'll be bawling back in the day and they used to see me and then eventually I used to bring them there and go do my thing and leave them on top garage while I'm downstairs with the man them and they'd just be whooping hard and that's where they're crying and fighting against each other on top of, that's where we started everything and I brought them back to the same place and where we started, You know, You sell top of garage, y'all ain't there what above rim winning man. Yeah.


Next. No, No actually the court is on top, On Top of us. You gotta go up these stairs to get there. But if you come from as far You know what's so Okay. Yeah, That's dope. Oh was there any difference between like, I don't know if you got a chance to experience it as you got older or younger, like playing in your hometown and then come into USA hooping? Was it a different style of basketball or was just basketball just kind of universal for y'all? There's a little bit of difference when it comes to like the USA side too. I think where, well my first experience, mine was a while back, right? But when I used to go out there in these states and play against you guys back in the day, I just realized that one thing I noticed earlier could have been fat tall in between you guys all had handles. Like everybody you see a big fat guy with handles, You know, something like that.


I just noticed that. But then at the end of the day it's just ball the hoops the same size, the backboards the same size, same size court and let's just go get it. So we never had no fear, no disrespected you guys, You know, basketball was your thing and hockey was supposed to be ours. We just went at you guys and that's when I actually, when I played against you guys for the first time, I knew like, yeah okay we could do this. You know what I mean? But for sure my life got shaped a certain way. Started having kids realizing that, You know what, maybe these hoop jeans are just literally hoop jeans because it's not maybe one out every 3 million Canadian guys to make it to the NBA. It wasn't like now. So we're like, yo bro, I don't have time. I gotta go get paid. Yeah, I'm having kids right now. So that's why I didn't really get deeper, deeper into past high school. But I also realized that the mistakes I made is shit that, You know what? I'm gonna make a youth when I make this youth, I'm gonna make him. Like I got all, I think I got it all in my head and the skills and I know I knew how to do it.


I wasn't six six like my son, but I knew that if I make a youth and I teach him all those things and morals and more importantly how to be the man and the right type of man and how to survive all this bullshit that's going on in the world, basketball is like a secondary thing. I can get them somewhere like a free education, right? Yeah. The NBA's bonus and all that stuff. Nobody knows about the NBA but I teach you all this shit and you get a free education, get off the block and get somewhere and go meet your wife and have some kids and never come back to Toronto. I did my job. So the NBA was just a bonus thing, You Know what I mean? That's dope man. Obviously Jeff is our arm model high school coach now. Yeah. So you deal with parents, especially parents who grew up had hoop dreams or they may have been somewhere and then they try to instill that in their kids kids. It's funny to hear the things that you say that you value. It's not like you push yourself for that for the different reasons that most people do.


Yeah, it was for, and regardless of what happens, you gonna have a better chance of life. Yeah. We get so many parents now they just pushing their kids from sixth grade to be NBA players. It's just interesting to hear y'all dynamic with that. 'cause you coach these kids every day and his son the MVP and imagine him saying he just wanted him to be a good man. Like that's crazy. We got parents. Yeah. We gotta clipp that up. That's really what it is though. You know, we got, we gotta clipp that out. I know like if you're coaching, you see that a lot. Yeah. You know, you got parents that live in Vicke to their youth for sure. No, I I I do a little bit too. Come on. My son doesn't even feel younger, but fuck, I'm living You offense. Come on. You gotta be calm with it and be like, yo, this is their time to shine. Let the mess Ray be in the back burner a little bit. I know, I know how to do this.


Yeah, you Gotta balance. Like I said, where I come from the cameras wasn't something that you kind of Yeah. You stay away from if you, because you're not, we, we weren't always doing the best thing, didn't want to be on camera. So I still know how to act like, You know, it's like okay the cameras are here, let's just do the right thing on camera and then when we're off the camera, You know, let's have a little fun. When did you realize that he had a chance though to do something with basketball? Wow, that's a good question. Probably like, I get that one often too. But it's a good question. 'cause people think that they, you have some people saying that I knew when it was like 10, 12, they or they or they knew because of the poli politically, politically correct politics. You know, when you're correcting your number one ES, espn, this, that from your 1514, they're saying this guy in 20, 20, 29 drafts gonna be number one pick.


You know, you got guys like that Sha weren't really like that. Or ES, ESPN maybe like what top 26? Nikhil was 23. So I guess it was a five star 25. So Nik was like 23, a five star shit was just outside of five Star. So it wasn't like we knew anything and that one was guaranteed. But I did believe, sorry about that guys. I did believe in all the hard work that they put in and the way I've seen these guys grind all the way up and all not like be embedded in their peers too. They're always like about two, three years better than their peers. Yeah. So I always think they had an opportunity to do something great. The NBA, like I said is like, it's four 50, the BA so there's no one's, like I'm gonna say to you at 1560 I knew they're gonna BA but at 15 I said, yo, this guy really has a chance because Shaa was on the Canadian national team at 17.


Right. Nobody's done that before. And Steve Nash the guy that put him on there and looked at him and said, sorry guys. And said, yo, this guy is the guy. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Steve Nash the guy that I saw for first and looked at me and said, yo, this guy's a lottery dude. And I think he was 17 when he said that. Damn. I, I in my mind I was like, You know, wow, this is crazy. I wonder if that's true. But at the same time, like I said, looking at what he's doing and stuff, I don't wanna see conceited or cocky, but I just kind of, I kind of believed it. Yeah. You know what I mean? So I want if to answer your question, long story short, probably around them time. Oh okay. 17. Nah, for sure. 17. It never hurts to have, You know, a two time a VP say, Hey, he all right. Yeah. Say if he feels so, yeah, let me, let me look at this. But like I said, I always, like I said, they're always about two, three years ahead of the ahead of the competition.


So it wasn't crazy to someone say, You know, you might be NBA ready, they are NBA prospect. 'cause they were always, if they stayed two years better all the way up, then they're gonna be NBAI here. Ah, for sure. Like my little brother went to Kentucky. So I wanted to ask you like, I know Coach Cal him very well. Like what made Shaa pick Kentucky? You like Il goes down south, he goes to Kentucky. Oh my god. Yeah. I got you guys. You lit Man. Yeah, He lit when It comes, when it comes to Kentucky with Shaa, that's like, I don't know if You know that story, but Shaa originally committed to Florida. Yeah. You know that, right? And we was like, I think he went down to Tennessee, Chattanooga, Tennessee in his junior year maybe.


Yeah. Junior year. And that was his first time being in the States. Didn't have that many offers. A lot of people didn't know a lot about him, so maybe he didn't know, like, You know, that how, how good he was. And that's what I tell people. You, you got a number one, believe in yourself first. Yeah. That's the first thing. You gotta be careful and comfortable in your own skin. This is who I am. And don't know nobody sell you out until you, you don't sell yourself shirt. You know, if You know who you are, it's hard to sell yourself short. So when you went down there first, he was like, wow, I got the first offer from Florida. I remember this. He called me, he said, yo, yeah, I need some money to go on this visit. I said, yeah, no problem sending the money last time. I said, the motherfucker is, do not commit to none. These motherfuckers what they say, because You know, you just got to the states when you, and I remember he's nice and he sounded like a unsigned hype. Like nobody really, nobody. But he was skinny still.


But I, I, You know, you, you always believe more in your, in you when me personally in my kids and myself, what I built than other people. Yeah. Yeah. And You know what you built. So I guess the coach of Florida saw him and said, yo, this is like a fucking steal. And they, they offered him, which they do, right? But it was early. He probably been in America for like literally four weeks. So now you have the whole season. This is before the season even starts. Yeah. You had the whole season to play in this motherfucking side. And he has two more years of high school left, I think motherfucker. What the fuck? And he calls me tell you why would you do that? You know what I mean? So then after he says, yo daddy, You know, and I believe in these guys and they're telling me this shit and bullshit. And I believe, and I say, yeah, you believe, all right, well we're gonna see you. Let's just do y you got hair on your chest now, eh? Yeah. You are on your balls now. Right. Do your thing. I'm gonna make you do your thing. I'm not gonna be the guy.


'cause all their life I was that guy. They said, yo, pull from this team. Fuck that. Yeah, fuck that coach. You know what I'm saying? I'm not gonna lie. I was That guy About six feet, 17 and you're doing your own thing. I don't want him to feel like eight. And I started to be men. Like fuck. And they really started to tune you out after that. So like, let him make his own mistake at this point. So it's like, and that was, I knew it was a mistake because nobody knows who the fuck you are. Yeah. You're better than that. You, you just, you don't even believe in yourself as as much right now. Shit. You know what I'm saying? So then when he went Mm. Did there, did that for about, remember he's played the season for about four months by about January. Motherfucker calls me and says, yo daddy, you're right over Decommit, I'm gonna fucking get Stucky because he is got, as soon as he, he decommitted about 50 schools called. Damn. I He's killing it throughout the whole Yeah. Now they know who the fuck you are. Yeah. Nah, but you didn't know, You know who fuck you are evidently.


Yeah, yeah. What I was telling you. Yeah daddy, you're right. I'm gonna Kentucky. You know what I'm saying? So, and that could, could literally have changed his projection of his career. You, You know, going to Kentucky, You know, everybody goes in Kentucky goes the league. Whether you're good or not, you go to the league. You know what I'm saying? So, but I believe that with the hard work and his work ethic, he would've made it no matter what. But that route could have been a two, three year route. You know, you get coaches that wanna hold you to win a championship and all kinda shit. Which is kind like what my nephew kind went through, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. When you went the wrong, a different route. You, I, my nephew went the way where I, I wanna go a football school, how much I believe in myself. Yeah. If you get what I'm trying to say. Yeah. You know what I mean? It wasn't like, oh, I don't believe that I can get to Kentucky or Maryland or Duke. 'cause he had those offers, my nephew. But he just said, yo, I'm gonna do the different route.


They, they just, the little tug of war between them, You know what I mean? One's gonna do it, this same one's gonna do that, but we're gonna meet at the top type of thing and we're not going to the same school. You know what I saying? That's crazy. I've, I'm surprised they didn't wanna go to the same school. That's Crazy. Nah, nah, let's wire, let's go at it. Just like in the final my Finals, I was about to ask you Shit was hard A problem right now. Yeah. Not to fast forward too far from it, but what's that feeling like to see, You know what I'm saying? Your nephew and your baby boy going at it at one the highest levels, all the ships on the Line, just humbling, blessings, praises to the father. The most high. Whatever you guys wanna bud that we gonna talk to what we believe in the praises, bro. Because like I said, there's a mor there's a higher being than us. Yes sir. I'm here for a reason, I believe. And I'm just living all my dream right now and I'm, everything's just started just aligning. That's why I'm just blessed.


So still gotta pinch myself sometimes, obviously. But I feel good man. I just feel good. So how are you in the crowd man? Are you like, yeah, you torn bro in the crowd? Like how are you active? Yeah. Are you hype? Because You know, What's the energy Are, You know, Shaa is like shaa. So You know who the MVPs are. You like Il like get buckets bro. Like Are you Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I built both of them in a sense. When I say built both of them to be like, You know, go at each other. Right. So it's always been cheering and they've played on the same team a lot too. Right. So it's always been easier to, to cheer for both of them. And then when they go against each other recently, I mean honestly I catch myself in. So I'm like, go, go. No, stop. Shit bro. I shit. Oh shit, Nikhil cut him off. That's fucked.


You Don't get a chance to really fucking celebrate. You know, it's fucked up. But at the same time it's a good problem to have. Nah, great problem. I'm not gonna lie. There's times when Nik does something and like when they blew out, blew out OC in that game in Minnesota. I one game m so they blew my by 40 like a see she on the bench and I'm looking over at his face on the baseline and I hope he doesn't see me. I'm like, yeah, fucking He went crazy then was Mix. She doesn't see, You know what I mean? Same thing. Shade or something. You know what I mean? I know Nick's pissed one time she chicken with Nick kill bunks him gra I was like, damn. Yeah, that's my boy mean bunks him.


Yes. It's so hard. That's why I've been telling him to go from the driveway at each other. I used to tell her, 'cause Nick, he was number one in Canada, she was number two. I used to tell Shape, if you don't catch Nikhil, you fucking up Nikhil, you let she catch you. What the fuck did you do? How'd he catch you? So that was the Oh Yeah. So you turned them in war. Yeah, The score against each other. And it's the same way right now. You know, it's just competition bro. You know what I mean? Any competition I guess. I can imagine the family group chat was probably lit during the conference finals. Yeah. Oh, for sure. For sure. Yeah. Me and my sister are still like beefing right now. But You know what I mean, You know, it's all love when I say beef, You know what I mean? Nah, for sure. For it's all love. It's all love. But yeah, when she first, when we first realized we played against each other, it just like, yeah, she text me and said, yeah, yeah, it's on now let's go. Yeah, we'll see, You know, You know I'm, You know, I'm riding with, I haven't lost too much of these bets yet though.


Let's go, let's roll dice. Where that fashion sense come from for him. Man, I see you swag. You got some berry shade. And I say it comes from dem a lot. They're just very, very creative, very comfortable in their own skin. Of course, obviously they see me growing up how I move and how I want to put myself together. But then you look at my parents and my parents are very fashion. Look at my dad and You know, you probably Think you, you, You know, he's acting like he's 12, You know what I mean? So I guess that's where I get that aura too, in that, You know, the Shape of this, You know why image. But at the same time I'm gonna give it to them. But you look at all three of them, there's no to putting themselves together. The kid get busy too. You just gotta know to He do. Yeah. You gotta know. Yeah, you gotta know. You put yourself together. It's just a kind of a gift I guess what people have you, either you have it or you don't. You know what I'm saying?


Yeah. I just didn't know if that was like where y'all come from. Y'all gotta make sure y'all step outside that y'all Oh, for sure, for sure. When you come outside, you, you, you're making sure You know, you look, you represent yourself, right? You're not coming sloppy with ma in your eye and You know what I mean? One, one shoe untied and no, no, no, you represen. We we're going to the game. We're gonna to the game clean as a family. People could tell you about that. That's facts. That's dope Man. We've been seeing a lot of dope NBA dads and obviously You know who you are, but it was funny seeing you at OG John Halliburton to pick together what Cowboy Boys and the follows. Man, that's my god. That's fire man. What's that feeling like linking up y'all? It is probably only a couple people on earth who could understand y'all feeling the happiest right now. So if y'all to link up like that, that's fire.


Hey, this applies to 99% of the world. I mean 99% of the nation, not 98.9, I mean 99, Just like that paternity test you took. Okay? And if you, the 1% it don't apply to you, but for the rest of y'all, 99% man tap in Boost Mobile coverage nationwide you apply for. This is great. Tap in with Boost Mobile. If you switch over to Boost Mobile right now, you can get an iPhone 15 with crazy camera work. That is a 48 Mega Pistols camera for $99 and 99 cents. That's right. $99 and 99 cents on a 5G network. It's nationwide. And I'm 99% sure that Boost Mobile just gave us a crazy deal with this promo. Now this is crazy. You Are the father. It does require a credit qualification ID verification and an activation on a $6 plan. Taxes are extra and 5G speeds may not be available in all areas, but they said it was nationwide, just not in your hood. Your neighbor good though.


The NBA finals are here fellas. And this is your last chance. So we can play some bets on these games, man. DraftKings, You know, that's our betting sponsor and the official betting sponsor of the NBA for sure. We ready to tap in, man, what you got for me? That five to get $300 in bonus bets, man, $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Yeah, I'm taking with that bet. I'm taking the Oklahoma City thunder smack the Pacers this year. Come on. You know what I'm, I'm gonna use that bonus bet to put it in for my Indiana Pacers. We gonna get this crown just like Draft King says. And listen, this is special for first time bets on DraftKings $5 gets you $300 in bonus. Be if your bet wins. Don't Miss your last chance to bet on the NBA season. Download DraftKings. Put in promo code Club five 20. That's again promo Code Club five 20 Fellas, y'all laughing at me, but hey, you bit that $5, then you get $300 back on that bonus bets for sure. Only on DraftKings, the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 108 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g do co slash audio


Because the 2025 NBA playoffs get more exciting actually yes, because this year thanks to dash pass members only deal when they swoosh you score. Specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any player scores 50 or more points in the playoff game dash pass members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash. Put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more. Use your promo called Wingstop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score sign for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one. Valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game must have an active dash pass account terms apply.


Welcome to the U versus U podcast. I'm Lex Rero. And every week we sit down with some of the biggest names in entertainment to talk about the real stuff, the struggles, the doubts, and the breakthroughs that made them who they are. We go deep from childhood trauma, family overcoming loss, and the moments that shaped their journey. These honest conversations are meant to take the cave off our heroes with the hope that their humanity inspires you to become a better you and therefore set you free to live the life of your dreams. Here's a sneak peek. I'm trained to go compete. I'm trained to be like, go harder. But sometimes that mentality stops you from stopping and smelling the flowers in your own gardens. Is it Wrong to want More? We migrated our family. Migrated here. I'm like second generation. Listen to you versus you as part of Michael Tu podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no across The country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops believed everything that Taser told Them from Lava for Good. And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute Season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two, and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star studded a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne for Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug Van Benny, the Butcher Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine, Corvette. MMA fighter Liz Car. Moosh. What we're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you get your podcast. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcast.


You, you said it the right way. Like only people people can understand. And I I'm trying to tell people like, yo, there's no real malice. There's no beat there couldn't be man. We're black. NBA dads that have yeah, sons in the NB and one of us is gonna get a ring. How do we lose man if you win? I I I still win, but You know, I don't want to fuck you win. I'm gonna win. We have a black NBA dad that's in the finals, You know, we're all, that's, We don't lose, we're showing the world that black dads take care of their, their their their kids. Yes. Which is the opposite Sometimes the narrative we get, You know, that, You know these, a lot of mom NBA like, You know, the moms you see and the dads just Aren around and I, I'm trying to change that narrative, hence is why we have this podcast coming up. Basketball dads, You know. Yes sir. Me and a few basketball great dads and that are doing the same thing like me and we're just making people know that yo dads are important and they're actually there whether you guys know it or not, You know what I'm saying?


Oh, that's most definitely got That's dope. Like you Team Moran. Yeah. Come on Man. LaVar Ball. There you go. We gotta get that together, man. I don't know. Y'all got a pod dropping on the way man. We gotta get episode. We got some names. We got some names coming. No, but yeah. Okay, that's fire. I didn't know that. That's Hard. We'll see. You'll hear some more about a father. Just listen, tune our Father's Day, father's Day and basketball dads. Trust me. Check it out. Creators of greatness. Nah, we Definitely gonna check that Outs we creating greatness out here. That's the name of the pod created. Creators of greatness. Basketball dad's created. That's fire. Yeah, that's fire. Shout to the lady. So you guy I'll be here. Yeah, because you still got Dale Curry. Yeah. Oh, you gonna have some names on There? I'm sure. I'm sure you guys got kids. You guys are basketball dads man. Yeah. Creating greatness out here.


NB save my saving, my great saving my that boy gun over there boy shooting. He shooting blank spots. Why he go put this foot on my ain't listen. I tell him the real story. I heard, I heard the silence in the room. I say what did I, what did I say about just now though man, It's all good. It, it's greatness to save it. Still doing it man. I locked this thing up. It's still doing it man. Don't worry man. Just gimme your girl and I'll breed her. Guarantee You guarantee you if he has my Jeans. No be, you can't say that og.


I gonna respect you Can't say that. My wife about to be pissed. Respect. That works too. Right. He joking. Don't listen to him. Guarantee got my Jeans right. Talking about jeans and shit. This is about to get critics. I'm gonna trade him every day like jeans plus be trading them. That's going The league. He's still going. That's one of the fucking league. I'm just playing. No, I just playing, You know. Oh shit. Oh, oh man. This is what you need. Look at him. This, this down. Oh yeah. To finish the joke. I Disrespect. No, that's love. We joke all day. The whole joke is, nah, It's love, it's, you understand it's not just like No, that's what, that's what we doing.


It's just funny as, oh shit. Go, I'm, I'm, I'm so, I'm so sorry to Nah that's all good. Might up too. That's where go. That's the real brother. We see why that phone was ringing. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mimi Heavy. Nah, that funny as hell man. Hilarious man. Man. Fuck with Mimi Heavy. Now obviously he gets to Kentucky. What's that adjustment period like for you as far as You know, like you said, you've always given him guidance. Now he's in a new stage in life. Kentucky is everywhere. Mainstay John Kalari frontline. I know he dealt with a little bit adversity once he got to college. What's that like as you got him through the next phase in life?


Basically, at the end of the day, man, adversity is something that you deal with on your own man. It's how you, how you look at things and your back's against the wall. You actually react and you get, you get more aggressive or your back's against the wall. You turn into a little Shelly, you get knocked. Adversity is how you deal with it. I don't think we really look at life as that much adversity. Adversity is like a problem that you can't solve. You know what I'm saying? Right now we got the answers man. It's like yeah man, not to everything, but you sit down and think about it. There's an answer. So I don't really think of it. It's like right now, okay, how do we beat to win this game tonight? And you, you're thinking about it, it's something that, so maybe it's a problem that you have, but when you have the answer to it, J dub drop his gets his numbers. Einstein plays big. Chet does his thing and Sha does does shit. Right. Just do your what?


Just do what you do. And everybody does. Does their role not even better than what they do. We don't have to expect more from just do what you normally do. We all right. So adversity. We don't have no adversity. We don't worry about adversity when it comes to anything. You know what I'm trying to say? If you think that answers your question, we don't, we don't deal with adversity. Adversity is kind of like dealing with like a problem. That to me and I think if you put things on your head like this is adversity or you even put it in that category of adversity, you're almost winning. Just look at it like so we gotta deal And I got the answer. Yeah. Yeah. For so Now listen, this man over here B him, he was very early on the KC train very early on the shape price for sure. Man, he is big right? To cheer for this team, man. Big high. That's why I love that joke you just told. 'cause we, we won the same, but that's what that's You're on the 2 2 2 2.


One thing I got you Facts. So I was started becoming a fan like yeah. When he was at Kentucky. But when I started seeing him and with him he was with la. Okay. Yeah. I started seeing him change and shit and I always told him like he a basketball head for real. Of course he played it, but You know what I mean? Once he got the KCI was like, I felt like that was like the James far and leave KC. Sure. Like I felt like he was gone change the franchise. Yeah. That was, that was a changing moment in his life. Obviously when it first happened in the summer where I think we were at summer league and I was like damn. Because obviously he had a good rookie year, You know what I mean? You're in la your agent in la, you're settled, You know you're living there, it's la it's hot and bam. Okay. See You know obviously had first like damn, but then I'm telling you about 29 seconds later, I was like, Shay we're both in the okay C in Vegas together.


I was like, yo this is, this is it. This is the, this is the, this is the TSN turning point. Yeah. This is when your life is gonna start to move because yeah, you're doing well in in LA and yeah, docs playing you and you're starting at one point of the career. Well guess what? They weren't really letting you go. You had Patrick Beverly bringing up the ball. He had Lou wins bringing up the ball. He had Avery Bradley bringing up the ball. None of those guys didn't pointers. Yeah. Coming outta Kentucky. He was a real pointer. Yeah. Ball on his hand. So I don't see how you come from that to come bring up the ball and go run to the corner. Shoot three to be a three in D. No motherfucker, now it's time for you to really be who you are. Yeah. So you got to, okay, see now still playing behind Chris Paul. Come remember Chris Paul was still there. So they played like a staggered one, like a combo one a little bit. And that if you remember, I dunno if you guys remember, people were still wondering is he real one isn, is he a two?


I dunno if you remember that. They were kind of saying he is this guy a two? Is he a combo? Right. And people weren't really sure because he was like I said, kind of playing combo, which in LA second year he was a combo behind Chris ball. But he learned obviously a lot off of Chris Ball, right? Yeah, yeah. A lot of shit. So now Chris Ball's gone the second year and that's when you really see the real shade. But I knew that no disrespect from day one because that's what he was all his life. Yeah. A point guard with the ball and making decisions. It's not just his scoring Shas the top of you that's really gonna read and react. You know, he's not gonna, that's why they say you can't speed him up and stuff like that. But yeah, it's because he, the games rules instilled him for real. He's really not making up his mind to do anything. I'm gonna see what the defense does for, You know what I mean? I'm gonna read and react. I know. You know that's a point guy. Yeah. Read and react and put you crap dribble. You know what I mean? Like the best do that.


You know what I'm saying? And a lot of guys that get sped up because they're making up their mind saying, oh I'm gonna euro step in from now. Like you can't decide to fucking euro step until they, But You don't bite on your fucking and then you say, okay, I'm doing that. If you ever hear Shane talking to me, I heard him say a couple times he say, and that's what I know, he really is on what I'm on. Where it's like he say I, the thing that makes me the best is I don't know what I'm gonna do. And You know what that means. Like you're just really reacting and I can do anything but I'm gonna wait to see what you would do and I don have to do, You know what I'm saying? Simple. Yeah. I think that's why it makes it so easy for him to score in the NBA because he's like the smooth we talk about all the time. He's literally the smoothest. Yeah. Smoothest Score in the whole league. He don't even look at his sweat when he out there hooping man. Yeah. Effortless. Yeah. He acts like he too cool for school.


Yeah, I know that. I know all about that motherfucker. He's the coolest motherfucker. I know That. Do you think like everybody was like preaching, shooting threes when he first got in the league? I know, I'm sure every people still talk about him shooting threes. Do you think Chris Paul coming to that team and like him shooting that mid range like that help Shay like A hundred percent. A hundred percent Chris ball, same thing I'm talking about the crab dribble. Even the, I know you guys probably touch even the free throw merchant thing, if you remember Chris Ball, the type of I get into the lane. Yeah, you reach out your hand to Yeah, you grew up into you. But he more, no disrespect to that more than Shay. Shay's not really free throw merchant drawing a foul. He's he's, he's using angles and change your pace. Yeah. Right. I'm gonna up fake when you get in the air, you're done.


We all know that. What fuck you doing in the air? Yeah. Once you go out, I'm gonna go up and you're coming down on top of me. Am I drawing a foul? Well yes, because the fucking rules in the game have fouls in them guys. Yeah. Normally drawing a fouls. Just change the rules. Take all the fouls up the game. We'll play fucking football, basketball, do that too. And we can do that too. And we just fucking just don't call no fouls on me and I'll close line you and if you fucking close line you back on ducking. Every single wins rules says motherfucker. Yeah. You can't just foul, foul people. Right. So he's not free to merchant, he's actually just changing pace. There's that. He's gonna change your pace. Stop me. You know, you're gonna blow into catch you in the your angle. It's angle, it's change your pace. It's change your direction. Nah, fuck it's brains. Nah. I I understand it but I know fans don't like it because when you got that much creativity Yeah, I can make you foul me at any point, any point have many point I can make you foul me when people got that much creativity.


You gotta Be disciplined on defense not to cut you big member. You gotta be disciplined on defense. Yeah, because I remember I'm doing the same thing. This is what I tell people all the time. If I'm that guy that's making you foul, I Fix your mic. Sorry. No. You know, I'm sorry. I'm drawing you into those, in those, into those those spots where you gotta foul me. Yeah. On defense. I'm not allowing you to do that. Yeah. You get what I'm, I'm saying. So it's on you now to stop fouling motherfucker. Nah. James Hardt has that same thing. You Use a free merchant, just play defense the right way and don't foul me bro. That's James Hart. Don't foul me because that's good defense. You know what I'm saying? That's it. Same thing James. Hard. Why didn't you a part of that to your game? I did, I used to go to the free throw line a lot. Oh, okay. I I did all that. Stopping behind the screen and letting people run into me shooting, throw your butt out. Yeah. Rip through hands.


I I did that. That's how I guaranteed I was gonna have eight points again. I swear I knew that. That's Guaranteed fucking money man. But that was a guaranteed aid. Yeah. When I wanted to end then at the end of the game, You know, if it's a close game they foul. I used to run and get the ball and just hold it, get a bang. I try to get extra points. Right. It's part of the game. 2, 3, 4 points at the end of the game, man, Win the bonus. Nah, I already know. I, I think it's genius what he do. I wish more people would do that, but yeah, they try to take it out the game for my guy Trey Young Trey Youngs to do it. But yeah, they took that out the game a little bit. But KD and them used to all do it. The rip through three. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Free throws. And like I said, man, you just can't get caught with your hand in the cookie jar once you, all right, let's just say it is a little bit of a free throw dry thing once you realize, I told, I told my kids that adapt the way they, they call the game.


So even you realize to dude you don't do that no more, you gotta fucking like, You know when that man comes down, you keep your hands, sorry, you keep your hands big, right? Yeah. So you don't, once you do that, it's going to be a foul all when it's not a foul. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But if you discipline yourself to keep, you not go down and reach and all these things, there's no foul call. No that's, you're not getting know, there ain't calling fouls that aren't there is what I'm trying to say. They actually calling fouls are actually happens. Just stop fucking fouling them pissing off of this merchant. Take that doors bur No, for sure. Outside of, You know, nephew and your son, who's some other players that you like in NBA Kade Cunningham. Mm. Some of young guys coming up K Den got that slow Man too.


A man's my guy. Fuck with him. Every shout Out to ae What's I got coming on Some young killers Dot fuck with dot because the way he just plays every, every blast play like his laugh. And you don't got that. You don't got that motor and that energy, like a lot of kids could use that and just have a career. Yeah. They're not, You know what I mean? I fuck with Katie and I like how he's his whole career, You know what I mean? You know? Yeah. Certain things, obviously, You know, different parts of everybody's game that You know, you're picking you like, but You know, I like those. I like those are the most guys that I, I I, I think right now playing, I don't, I don't have a deep bag because of guys that I, I can pick outta in my head right now because I'm also focused on Nikhil and Shea.


Absolutely. All I can think about is Nik Niks my favorite player and so is shit. Yeah. So DJ DJ think Lou DOT's a hack man. Nah. Lou Dots one of the best fans in the NBA, but right now, man, I'm hat right now. If I wasn't going to get shot, I show love, but I gotta hate right now, man. You know what I'm saying? Shout to the thunder. But Lou dot and Caruso be because of havoc and I'm tired of seeing them. I cannot wait till this series is over, man. I get It bro. I get it bro. Those guys are fucking pestilence people's life, bro. They be locking up, they blitz everything. I love that shit because I always taught, like, it's so funny, even when Quila, she growing up, I was more big on defense. Anybody that knows us when we were younger, I was always like, move your feet. It's that no hands. So like it's crazy how they're, they're, they're always offensively good, but defense is the thing.


'cause You know, everybody wants to play offense. Everybody. Yeah. The one thing that people don't do is play defense. They don't rebound. So I was always being on those things. Do what people don't want to do to get what people don't have. You have to do what people don't fucking do. So you're fair, you're gonna play defense better than everybody gonna move your feet. I guess we you're gonna rebound. Yeah. You're gonna rebound the ball, possession out. You see the ball go up, you're not gonna look at the ball, you're gonna look at your man, go like this when the ball goes up, you don't look at the ring, you find your man box the fuck out, dude. Those two things, like I think there we go. Right now a kid can get to the league, You know, after, after you 14 points the game. It's not like crazy hard. Even though it is, if he made up his mind to do it, like how Rodman and those motherfuckers. Mm. You know what I'm saying? It's a, it's a actual career out there that's like a spot in the NBA, You know what I mean? Just like defense, go play defense, sick as fuck.


You can get there. Yeah. Because everybody can hit a fucking jump shot from the corner of three and so you can always be at three and d if you just play sick d you get what I'm, I'm saying nah, I get that's a fact. And you get paid cash. Everyone wants be fucking dunking and the Antman stuff and I get it. It's fucking sick. But that whole flash is just for the flash. It's like a, it is like a life, You know what I mean? It's like the glitter and the gold sometimes. Fuck all that shit through the grimy shit. The lunchbox shit. For sure. That, that, that shit pays too, Man. We just watched Mitchell Robinson have a research of his career off rebounding. Right. Didn't score the ball, rebound pass it out. He about to get paid. You gonna make a free throw. Ain't mess. They hacking him. It don't matter. We sending him in the game.


'cause you get extra possessions. There you go. Yeah. I mean look at him. He's just to probably like, You know, you are not gonna look at him as guy. You gotta find like a diamond in the rough. But it's someone that, that's his, he made that his niche. Yeah. And if you do that, I, I just think it's so obvious, but I see, I guess sometimes I see things that people don't see. You know what I mean? I just look at it like, bro, if I was gonna make a U right now, I'm gonna turn into a wicked rebounder. I can bring, I, I can teach you everything else after that. You know what I'm saying? Because you will get better at everything else. You know what I'm saying? But if I make you like 14 rebounds a game, I'm gonna, you obviously you gonna be your free throw shoe's gonna be better obviously gonna be hitting a 15 foot jump shot. I'm gonna get you the left, right finish at the ramp. I'm gonna get you the drop steps, turn, spin, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm gonna get you that eventually. But if you can gimme 14 rebounds, that's all you can do right now.


I'll work with that. And then what's his ceiling bro? That's an Allstar. Yeah. I gotta ask you this question. Obviously OGU pops, you seen him growing up as they progressed their game at one point. Did Y stop playing one-on-one? Oh for sure. Long time. One point long time ago. Long time Ago. At one point he caught you was just like, okay, I gotta leave this Alone a long time ago. But I could lie, I took him on with there and he had a summer camp and I took him on the other day. I'm not gonna lie, but it was like a little friendly thing. You know there's some footage of that but ain't nobody gonna see that man. Ain't nobody gonna see that man. I think I fucking have the guy tied up right now that has some footage. He is tied up in the basement. They gotta have some footage. Nobody's seeing that. But yeah, 'cause I'm gonna tell you what happens.


So I at least tell you what happened. It wasn't good. Like he made a move and I kind of fell so that Oh Yeah, you got, you got I, You know, I gotta leave it Right like LeBron, delete the kit, delete the videos. Before, Like I said, I'm big on defense. I, one time I ripped him and all other time we met up and I almost blocked a shot. But to see after that he had like got nine shots in a row and then after that it was just like downhill. That was recent. That was recent. But that, that doesn't count too because now I'm done. If you go back like about when you were like 13, 14, that was the first time we asked him when the first time he busted my ass and said, I said I'm done. But 14 mm that was again, it was endurance because I could still play but He got tired In two minutes wheezing bro.


You know what I'm saying? A lot of stuff in my chest, You know what I mean? Did you ever play coach CH 1 0 1? Yeah, I beat him like I was like 14. Oh is that the last time I played too? Yeah, I, I quit. I never played him again. He Put me on. That's Crazy. He put me on punishment, I play play him again. He was like, alright, you don't wanna play me, you can't go outside. I was like, I don't care. I was punishment for a month, bro. You playing. You still not playing though. I was, I'm not gonna play you no more. He was gonna post me up. That's crazy Bro. I used to bang them still. It's, it's real man. I remember those days and I used to fling them around. Like those days changed real quick. I was like, no, no. Like I said that day when he crossed me up and I, and I fell, I could see him saying, oh from when I wanted to, You know what I mean?


Like he was giving me back all those days when I used to bat them up, You know what I mean? For sure. And You know he, the master of the cap was like IG he gonna fry that up with a crazy lyric underneath it. No that's not coming up. No. For sure. Sure. We archiving, we always talk about them, You know. So our golden days, we grew up playing basketball side and now you got all these kids with professional trainers and stuff like that. Obviously coming from you. Somebody who has put kids in the NBA, how do you feel nowadays when you see so many kids who go through like basically like mechanical workouts, everybody has a trainer. Like what's missing? Do kids need to go outside and play basketball, they just need born fobs? Or what do you think the kids could probably work on to make their games better? There's some of the output we're seeing right now. There's a couple things like back to kind of what I said with the, just finding a niche that nobody ain't doing.


You know what I mean? Like if you're trying to get really get into on make a team, even lemme talking about the, they start off just trying to make a team go rebound. You're the best re on a team. The coach might put you on the team, be the best defender on that team. Coach might need you. Like a lot of times there's been times when you, the coach needs to win a game and if even the coach is on this political shit and playing his son, now the game's closing, he needs to win. You see him Johnny go 'cause Johnny can lock down their best score. Yeah. And he hasn't played Johnny all game 'cause Johnny can't score. But now he needs someone to stop this guy. He's f in John, he's F finger in Johnny. You see what I'm saying? So just be those things that people aren't number one. That's the first thing. And then a lot of, a lot of the the the grassroots stuff. The fundamental stuff, I think people are trying to, like I said, they're going to the gym, shooting a bag of threes trying to dunk And that's not what you work on when you go to the gym I don't think. I Think you work on like, You know, form shooting your handles footwork, You know endurance.


Like a lot of stuff. It sounds a little corny cliche, but that's how we grew up. Yeah. That's how our stuff was. And I think it just works. That's why Shay, they killed other like throwbacks if people say that and I think they are the way they play, she's not really Yeah, you can dunk over you. You can dump over. You probably won't see like an atman highline with Shay. You're not gonna probably see Shay dunk over four man. I I Which he probably has the athleticism too. Right. You know what I'm saying? But it's a different style of game. Right. So you'll see one dunk every six months, two every six months. But you, you're gonna see a like fucking every game up and under, You know what I mean? Below the rim shit. See that's, I think that's just all school.


Listen man, father's day, it's almost here. If you're tired of getting 'em same boring gifts that your father, your paw gonna throw aside. Hey man, tap in with Ridge man. Ridge is official man one of the sleek AST wallets in the market. Man. Technology is crazy. Talk to him. T Yeah you don't gotta have that fat wallet you usually have with all those cars and money and all that. You can have this sleek wallet right here that can fit up to 12 cards. It's RIFD proof Blocking technology. It's not, it's actually RFID blocking technology and y'all know how I got it. I keep my sock full with all my stuff with the sleek wallet. I'm able to slot it right in baby. Hey why you Disrespect me? I said the right Name. No you didn't. Is it RFID? Yes. RFID. Well what That mean man, that means all the blocking it can do Means basically in layman's terms it means when you out you cannot get always taking my shot because it's blocked. Yeah. By the Ridge Wallet baby. And come on Man Ridge is using premium, premium technology and premium materials. Man you got aluminum, titanium and it's customizable man. Over 50 different colors. Man. You could customize it for your pops any way how you would with it Man. Tap in with Rib a great Father's Day gift. The gift that keeps on giving and it's got lifetime warranty on this joint man. Oh. Lifetime warranty. It's crazy. Y'all follows, what color was y'all guys like Come on Mino. I'm, I'm cool with the all black. Keep it sek how you would be here. Probably red though, You know what I mean? Shout out to the game Wayne. For sure. You know the boss man used that promo code Club five 20 get you little something off that first purchase. Man. One more time for Ridge Man. The wallet that daddy's need man. Like you said T you ain't gotta have all them old receipts in here. Sleek fitting in your back pocket. Good to go man. Shout to Ridge. Listen man, just in time for Father's Day Ridge is having a crazy sale going on right now. Get up To 40% off your order at ridge.com/club 5 2 0. Just Head to ridge.com/club five 20 to find a perfect gift for yourself or your dad for Father's Day. Listen man, when you check out, they're gonna ask how you got here man. Make sure you show some love and let 'em know. Club five 20 sent you over here. Make sure you give dad the upgrade he deserves this year. A ridge wallet keep a player


because in 2025 NBA players get more exciting. Actually yes because this year thanks to Dash pass members only deal when they swoosh you score specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any player scores 50 or more points in the playoff game dash pass members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash, put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more. Use your promo, call Wingstop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score sign for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one. Valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game must have an active dash pass account terms apply.


Welcome to the U versus U podcast. I'm Lex Rero. And every week we sit down with some of the biggest names in entertainment to talk about the real stuff, the struggles, the doubts, and the breakthroughs that made them who they are. We go deep from childhood trauma, family overcoming loss, and the moments that shaped their journey. These honest conversations are meant to take the cave off our heroes with the hope that their humanity inspires you to become a better you and therefore set you free to live the life of your dreams. Here's a sneak peek. I'm trained to go compete. I'm trained to be like go harder. But sometimes that mentality stops you from stopping and smelling the flowers in your own gardens. Is it Wrong to want More? We migrated our family. Migrated here. I'm like second generation. Listen to you versus you as part of Michael Tuda podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops Believed everything that Taser told Me from Lava for Good. And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute Season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star stud a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne for Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug fans. Benny the Butcher, Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Kote Marine. Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz Caram. Moosh. What We're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast Season two on the iHeartRadio app. Apple podcasts are wherever you get your podcast. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcast.


Yeah, I'm Saying and that's the difference in the, in the, in the fundamental training of the game now. Which is why you see a lot of the Europeans and first team all NBA last two years. Just do the math. It's not a lot of Americans, no respect to the Americans but I think the game is getting a little bit fundamental away from it's more bigger, faster, stronger. It's now fuck that go back to skill. Yeah and and fundamental training. And that's what the guys in Europe and France and all those other Canada because we're humbled with this. We're happy to fucking just be in the room with the NB guys. A lot of, a lot of the American side now it's like we're here and we're all a little bit entitled to be here and it's our game and You know what I mean? So we already, we're already in the room and no, you gotta fucking do more right now 'cause the game's catching up to you guys.


Nah, that's facts. You can be mad at me. You just, let's just do the facts about it. Let's just do the math and see if I'm wrong. Most Definitely. We talk about all the kids all The time about And you got yeah and you got what's in next the friends Wendy Yama Killer. Then you got shade. Careful guys. I don't know Trending way. I dunno if you guys wanna season 2028 in la Canada's gonna be ready in 2020. You think y'all gonna beat you think y'all beat the us? Well I say we're ready to go. I Got Whip got boy nimby. They they got Jamal, they got new, they got, It's gonna be different from 20 Nick. They got wig. Got To say win All a big statement right now.


But y'all, y'all Be force just know we're coming. You know what I mean? So we're getting metal. We didn't medal this one. Nah. Okay. I'll say it from for sure. We're meddling. Yeah. Okay. Y ya guard play crazy Good guard. Thousand percent Wicked. It's gonna come Down to our big, you see how Zack, he Zach develop something. I think he'll develop then you guys will. Oh it's Christmas. Zach e ain't gonna be able to come out the game pops. Yeah he play. He's so little of, bit of wishful to get to that until We do this. But We talked not Respect, we talked into Nah, Toronto for sure is on the map.


I think my first respect to Toronto, I mean no disrespect to nobody but I think Wiggins, Andrew Wiggins, I was like damn, he, he was special. He was the first person he was. Nah, he wasn't the first one that made it to the pros. That was real like high, high, high ranked. Yeah. In Canada. Yeah. Yeah. Nash. What you mean the ranking and Yeah, Like round high. Who had like a buzz? For real? No for sure, for sure. Jew Wig was the First. He was another one I'm talking about protected from. He was about 1670 to be the number one pick and he actually ended up being the number one pick. So you can say that for sure. Wig My boy wig Shout to wig guy Man. That's my guy. That's his guy. Wigs what you mean big up the T do? Yeah, the T dot niggas. What kind I wanna know about the music culture out there in Canada, man.


What, what's y rock to man In clubs or just barbecues? Anything? It's, It's, it's, it's, it's kind of mixed up. It's multicultural. You know, me personally, I, I deal with my like I like my rap, You know, from back in the day my reggae and stuff like that. So I, I'm mixed on both sides but you can get whatever you want. But it's a lot's like New York. Gotcha. I like how New York would be or You know, but we're a little bit more Caribbean oriented too. We got the Jamaicans and the Antiguans and the Ians and the Guyanese. We got the, You know what I mean? Because like I said, you guys might be born over here and your grandmother, your grandfather would probably be born over here in America too. You'll never find a black guy that's told you his grandmother was born in Canada. If you saw black guy in Canada, his mother was born in, some of his grandparents were born in some Caribbean.


You get what I'm saying? There's no, Oh yeah. I gotcha You third, Second, fourth generation Canadian black people. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But you guys got fourth, fifth, sixth generation black people over here, You know what I'm saying? So the difference. So that's what we have that little Caribbean mixed people say, I talk like this, I talk and I just talk like how we talk. It's a Canadian thing. Me? Yeah. Got You got You know, I'm sorry we, we trying to, I've never been over there. I'm trying to get over there and I just wanna make sure I'm seasoned before I get Over there. No, you good man. You can roll with me. You right man. Okay Sure. For sure. I like this link up. I like this link up. Yeah. Good morning than good man. Stop. Okay cool, cool. Yeah, I've been to Canada quite a few times. Toronto be exact. Yeah, he was blessed. Yeah.


One of my favorite cities. I know you, I know You know I Toronto. I know You know You. Yeah. Toronto's a great city. Wonderful city. There you Go man. That's what's up. So we already up to one man. What, what do you think we need to do to finish this series out? Damn. Just about like I said man, everybody do their job man. It's not even as Rocket science here. Okay. You don't do your job and what is it? Right? Just do what you'd normally do bro. I'm gonna actually do anything more. Nothing outrageous right Now. What scares you about the Pacers though? That you can't play around with them. You can't just, You know you'll get up by 15 and they're gonna come back. Yeah but you always, you have to step in their neck bro. When you get them down there literally just and hold them there or wiggle out and try to do some many heroic shit, that's not where we're on.


So last game we did it. Okay. But I didn't like how last game that we won the first half we kind of didn't win the second because what, we're up by 19 or 20 at half time by 17 that means we didn't win the second half. So I'm trying to win every quarter. That's my thing. Oh for sure. What did you, how did you feel after the game won? Because I mean that 20 point it was up 20 and for Tyrese hit that shot. I watching on tv like the era went out the Gym, didn't wanna bring about my stomach. You know I can see what He Okay. 20. You probably coming back.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Talk shit man. Nah, nah, nah. I just know like looking at that 'cause we all was watching it like we were all at the crib and we right 20 point win for the kc. We ain't gonna PA tonight. He hit the shot. We all call each other like yo we gotta go downtown. Hey sad. Yeah. Like No I feel that I a hundred percent agree with that man. Like I said man, first friendly competition bro. If it wasn't like, if it wasn't like that, like even after we lost, I walked up. Remember the arena's right there. I'm sitting in the hotel right walk out first person and I see is fucking hall daddy. He say yeah man. I'm like fuck bro. Yeah we good man. We can't lose everything's blessed but guess what? You know sir, not fucking the camera on me.


I mean fuck, I can't even move my Mouth right. Feel don't pusy like You know, You know hard. You know what I mean bro. We got this man. If you win and I win, we win together man. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Because it's real facts man. But we gotta put on this, it is a competition bro. But like I swear, I swear to God, if we lose, which we won't, I'm gonna be happy. I'm gonna be happy for the loser, be happy for the loser. Nah, I'll To good for sure. I'm happy for the lose. Another tough question. How did you feel last year? 'cause we all feel like SGA should have got the MVP last year. What was your reaction like last year when we, we got the results? Yeah, I was like, number one, I kind of knew it. You can tell by the way is the connotation is going out throughout the year and You know, you can, you just, You know, you, you just to kind of know if You know ball who they're gonna give it to.


So I, I wasn't like, oh my God, they didn't give it to him and he got robbed. 'cause I kind of knew who they were gonna give it to, number one. Number two, when you do things every day, if you wake up and brush your teeth every day and fold your clothes, if you really do it every day and someone says to you like, guess what? We're giving outwards for waking up and brushing your teeth every day. You say, oh fuck. Okay, I hope I'll get it. But you're really giving them out. Well then guess what? You're gonna get it next year bro. You're gonna get it tomorrow because you really do this bro. Yeah. What am I trying to say? She does this. Nah. Right. You know what I saying? Yes, it was, it was a little bit of a let down. He didn't get it. We didn't think we're gonna get it because I knew the fucking connotation and the politics of this shit. But then you, you think about it, fuck, I can do this next year and I can do it the year after that and I can do that.


'cause I really do this. Some guys like, You know, some guys have a good year and it's like, fuck man, that's his greatest year. I don't think this guy's ever gonna fucking do that again. And I, and it is true, some guys have that that peak year and they never do. But I'm telling Sha motherfucker I need 34 next year. You shooting like what? 37? 36? Seven from three. I need to shoot 42. So that means you gotta get in the gym some more. Like there's always somewhere you're doing great. He's like MVP on Right. Do better motherfucker. You know what I'm saying? So he's gonna go in the gym this summer, then come back and shoot like 39. He always gives me a little bit, he doesn't gimme what I want. He always gimme a little bit. He gimme like a 39 40 and then two years he's gonna 42. He fuck up Jordan's numbers and Shay's gonna give you like 36 game one day. Mm. And people don't understand what I'm saying. I'm in Toronto telling people you can do people, look, I'm a mad man, like relax your son's MVP.


This is obvious before he's MVP. But I've been doing this every year saying like 24.5 a game. What the, You know, I'm from Canada, that's supposed to be great. We're happy to be in the NBAI don't give a fuck about that. Nah. Yeah I do better. Right. Our whole model better every day. It doesn't have to be a large increments. It can be small little increments. Yeah. To just get better every day. Long as you progression. And that's what I have to do to Shane now because it's, it's always harder now because he's the MVP. So how do you motivate him? How do you tell him that he's gotta get better? How do you like daddy? You're nuts. But he's been, I've been doing this all my life. So he said he already knows I'm nuts. You know what I mean? Here he goes again, he's on tell me to do better three because tell me that I should add 50. Yeah. That's motherfucker. You had 42 in the first half, you had fucking 50. You know what I'm saying? How much games like he does stuff like that.


You know what I'm saying? I'm like, yeah, you should add 60. You know what I'm saying? But you always have to give him that to make him feel like saying, and sometimes they say, yo, that's this guy, you can't please this guy. But I'm okay with that. Right. Because when you reach the moon and all that stuff, you're falling a little bit lower. You're still on top of everybody. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But you have to push guys like that because he's that talented, he's that blessed, he's that intelligent. He's the right guy for the job to push. He can actually do it if You know, hardly say God only gives you what you can handle. That type of thing. Yeah. I'm not giving that kid more than you can handle. People might have told me that when I was younger, You know, I got that one. Or you think you're pushing them too hard, You know what I mean? No, no. If you hear these kids talk one away in the room by themself, they're very, very smart at nine years old talking about gal and this and that and clothes. They guys are sharp. You know what I'm saying?


So You know, they know things so you gotta push them like man and talk to them and deal with them. Nah, that's real. We was worried about it this year because You know what I'm saying? Obviously went crazy hell of a year when we started hitting the joke in narrative later in the season. It was like his best statistical season ever. And me and be him was just like, hey man, ain't nothing more he can do man. Last year y'all snubbed him. He came back better this year. Team set the league and wins. What more can he do? So I'm happy he got his just due. Appreciate. I know he's gonna keep accomplishing things, but he definitely deserve an MVP this year. I agree. I agree. And I, like I said, it's just something that we do consistently. This whole thing is consistency. I think in life, like at your job, whatever you guys do every day, basketball, whatever you do to be good at something, you don't really call yourself good until you can do it consistent. Yeah.


So if you have a great day is what I'm saying, something, but you have a bad day the next day, then you have a good day. So you have a, you're not really good, you're inconsistent motherfucker. You know what I'm saying? Consistency is what we rate. You could be the best rapper, Drake from Canada, hell shout out Drake, blah blah. Obviously. Obviously he's the best rapper. Why though he keeps putting them out, bro. Mm. So you guys can debate that. But who does it as often? Who does it so consistently? So consistency is a serious fucking thing, bro. Once that goes back to Shaa, okay, getting Sno this they snh this year, what would, what would that mean in our life? It'd be disappointing. That means we're not gonna do 33 a night tomorrow. We're gonna do it something very similar. Yeah. Next year. Because we just is what we do. No, you get what I'm saying? Like who's not picking Shay or not because he's my son, but if Shay wasn't my son, I say his kid's probably the average 31.5 next year.


Six assists, seven fours, three steel. Like it's what he does by this at this point. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I don't, I, you almost look at it like, okay one of these years I'm gonna MVP that. You know what I mean? But they won't give it to you every year. True. So stop be this year, give it to you next year. What does it fucking matter? I just gotta keep doing what I do and control. I can control. Yeah. What I'm saying, I was just gonna be shitty this year though. I ain't gonna lie. Yeah, because he was going crazy, bro. Yeah. He was talking about like, man, he could just get 30 every night, but he like be he joker. Damn had a triple double. I'm Like fuck. And it Was really on the Brinks bro. Bad because when jokers do I tell people it's crazy what these Well he was downplayed. Never ever downplay what jokers do. We're not gonna see that again.


Never. Right. But watch this one. Now guys, watch this one. When do we get to take the criteria? When have we ever gotten to take the criteria of wins outta the MVP of award? We've never done that. We've never done that. I'm a baller guys. You guys can't do that to me. We've never took the criteria of wins is, and you cannot be 19 or 20 fucking wins Behind the fucking Shea. Yeah. Behind the MVP 20 wins. No, he still get it. Wins has a, he had a great year. Yeah. Shaa had a great year. Watch this. Now you wanna say his hair's a little bit greater than Shaa because all these crazy things to do. But shit, well Shay's year is still great. Yeah. Now you gotta go to wins. Yeah. Now you gotta go to wins guys. And that's what you, that's what you gotta give it to. That's my argument. You can say a lot of other stuff too. There's other, other arguments, but wins is too much of a big criteria and they've never given out it out without saying fucking wins.


The wins has never been like wins is a major factor. I So if you take that out, out now yeah. You might say, okay, here are 50 50. No your ad wins. It's like 75, 25. Just like what it was. Most definitely. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I don't think it's that close. Now, obviously we know you probably look Biased can't be fucking 70 18 is are we trying to win Talk? If the object, this game is win, that's all. Yes. Okay, well I don't want you on my team And Don mvp. If we can't win, I gonna win bro. Who Winning for Pop? Alright, we gonna win tonight Man.


Come on man. You Good, you're good. Don't watch that. You're good. He, he said we threw of us back already. We ain't played, we lost another game. Mind clip up the right way. You the one. You the ones crazy bro. Oh man. Obviously, You know what I'm saying. Toronto bias. What was the energy like? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? The Kendrick situation. Man, I was in Philly, You know what I'm saying? Being a ground zero with that. Yeah. We ain't worried about that. We All bone man. Uping all bone. And I ain't even worried about it, man. Like I said, I like that it, You know, question. We do our thing man. Yeah. We're not worried about nothing. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. That's hilarious man. Before we got outta here, man, please tell the people about the no flukes organization man.


Oh, for sure. For Charlotte. No. Flukes is a movement. No flukes means never opting for less Unified knowledge equals success. That's a foundation I have back in Toronto where we help at-risk youths getting what they need to survive in life. Basketball skills, opportunities. We have a, we have a league that we take like after hours ball we call it now, where we take kids at from from the hood at eight o'clock at night, bring them back at one o'clock at night. They play basketball in the league. The league's like almost like a, like how you do have a men's league. So we keep score like the NBA leading score, leading assist, this, that, that at the end, every week we get 'em prizes for whatever accomplishment they make. And we, and we, we check our retention rate to see who's getting better, who's getting worse.


And we just, it's just a fun little safe place. Yeah. We call it like a safe place for these kids at nighttime. Yeah. But that's just one thing we do. We had an event coming up July 26, 27 called Shoot Your Shot too. So last year, we'll shoot your shot one. We did a three point competition with 10 to 18 year olds. The winner of those competitions, you got to go against NBA players and we gave them a jewelry and no flukes, pendants and all that stuff for the winners. We're running it back bigger this year on July 22, 27. That's dope. That's what we, that's what we into, man. We're just trying to change lives every day, one day at a time. And make these kids know they can, anybody can be like Sha and Keel or Tomasi, You know? That's, that's Mai as the younger son. He's a fashion designer. Yes sir. And he's gonna be doing this thing too. You're gonna hear about him Change the world in his own, his own little way. Yeah, His, his highlights been on the time I recently, You know what I'm saying?


Pop saying I tap to him. For sure, For sure. Good, good. I had to bring him up too because You know he has, he comes with my Cs, You know him with my Cs. You know, straight Up. Shout to Lyd man. Yeah. Hey man, we can't wait for the pod to drop, man. Great. And greatest basketball dance Pop. Shane is coming out on Father's Day. Yeah. Yeah. We we got, we get my boy on it. Yeah, I'll be on there, Man. Basketball dance. Yeah. I'm gonna be on there and talk my shit. And I see, I see what he doing. I see what he doing. I see. I like his six. Let's get it's a wire in the field. Come on now. It's reeling the field. What the fuck. Come on man. You know the vibe.


Shout to the OG for slide through, man. One time for Boost Mobile. You know the vibe's. $25 unlimited talk texts data nationwide for the first. You must be here. What's the vibes? $15 only, baby. Come on, tap in man. Nationwide. 5G. 5G is all real. You know what I mean? 5G Nationwide. Tap in for sure.


We appreciate y'all. We'll be back next time. Club five 20, The volume.


Welcome to the U versus U podcast. I'm Lex Barro inviting you to go beyond the titles and the accolades of the world's most successful entertainers. Each week we take off the Cape and get real about the inner battles, childhood stories, and the moments that shaped our guests. Get inspired to become the best version of you. Listen to you versus You podcast on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


Hi, I'm Sarah Spain, host of Good Game with Sarah Spain and the co-author of the new book Runs in the Family. An incredible true story of football, fatherhood and belonging. Written with and about Las Vegas Raiders, running backs Coach de McCullough. It's the story of a football coach and father of four who sees his life forever changed by the unsealing of his adoption records. And it's got a twist you won't believe based on the viral ESPN story I did a few years ago. This book will blow your mind and bring you to tears by runs in the family wherever books are sold.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser Incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Lott. And this is season two of the War on Drug Spot here. Yes sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. This Is kind of star studded a little bit, man. We met them at their homes. We met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It Makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


This is an iHeart podcast.