
What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need, this NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions. Today. The Warrior's Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Westmore, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas Red Rascal. Flex Cole. Swindell. Sam Hut. Megan Maroney. Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now at ticketmaster.com,


The Volume. All right man. We back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is dj. Well same gang with me to my left. We got my dog Bishop B, he out the pearl least. How you what? Nasty. What's up bro? Back at it. Another iso appearance. Man. Little tight from the gym. Come On man. You know what I'm saying. Five 20 off the court. The fitness journey has begun. Yeah man, it's, it's, it's been a struggle. I ain't gonna lie, but I feel good. I see you got your artist in the gym with you man. Yeah, he, he's, he fucked away. I think his wife told him like, be here and this bill better than you. My relationship might be on the line. So it was more so he's been locked in.


It was more so. So shout to Sierra for motivate your husband threatening y'all relationship When we run these moments, I can't let this nigga actually get in shape And I not be in shape. Oh We sure. Oh that's the underlying I need, I need my ankle bracelet. So we running the ones For the, we are running the ones for his ankle bracelet costs 15,000. So it'll be $30,000 on the gym floor whatever day that happens. Come on man. That's a true Story. And he Won't play me now. No, I gotta get in shape bro. You just gonna be the test run for Joe Button bro. How you the prelim? Yeah, he'd be like how Bill was for the W-N-B-A-I-I Almost don't wanna do it 'cause I feel like the stock can go around. He like you let Mike beat you.


Why? Nah, nah. No, nobody's gonna care bro. Okay, But did you see Clark speaking of that cook? Them dudes follow the walk-ons dog when she was playing against him bro, she scored like 20 points to two minutes. Yeah, she beat the dudes. I told y'all They suck. No Jeff, you said that it'd be tough for WNBA player to play against the top high school kids or high school kids alone. I'm nothing Bro. I'm gonna let You know none of them dudes are top high school kids. They play some type of basketball for No, they played, they didn't make the team Bro. If I'm walking on a hoop somewhere, I'm just not walking on They not the intermural team. I think that was the, they're not inter barrel team. They didn't walk on anywhere they were playing.


They just go to school there bro. I'm gonna tell you what, she walked all over them. She was busting her ass. They just go to the scooter. Look at the Pullups bow. I'm I'm sorry you YouTube. I know y'all be DM me about these. Wow. See I can't see what's going on. Yeah pg, that's my pg. They can't see what Bow Yeah had this one all Yeah pull up. Fuck y'all. So y'all gonna see this. She hit five threes in a row or something. Crazy. Wow. Yeah. Wow. The Melo. It's all good but that ain't real. I mean that's a real, that's a real clip. But I'm saying like It's not a commercial. Them, them dudes don't hoop for real. They like bro We don't know what they do. They build, they build bro.


They build what? Build Bill Collins bro. Bill didn't hoop For Oh you said Bill, I thought you said build. Oh no it's Bill like and Hoop. For real? Yeah, bill Collins. Yeah that's true. Yeah. Shout out to Bill. Shout to Bill. No s Smart on Bill. Man Won't be one on the white Freaky Mike Where? Be here left. So y'all got the comment still to my right. My dog Young Nacho Young Teg. How you what man? I'm chilling bro. Laughing at these dudes. They some characters man. Yeah he five the he beat me is crazy. Who at five 20 off the court might be better than Club five 20 'cause he got me fucked up. I on my soul and I'm playing you with no shirt on nigga. You Was gassed after one drop. I'm just gonna let You drop. Yes bro. Because I haven't hooped nigga since my daughter was born so like it's been a while bro.


But I was used to every, my nigga was at Dreamville and told you nah be ain't used to Hoop bro. I don't know. And I believe you used to, And I'm saying I've never Hooped but I'm an athlete so you can't beat me. Oh bro. I be damn. Yeah Wrestl bro. Nigga I never hoop exactly A nigga that never hooped and wrestle with Dre Beats is never ever ever gonna beat me in basketball. You D Beats makes it fun. Never bro but respect bro. Just right. What y'all think about LeBron Ken do having Dre beats, that's fire. Damn that is fire though. That's low key. Tough. That is fire. LeBron having a doll itself is crazy because if it see anybody else it'd be jokes. But it's LeBron so it's fire. Yeah, That's a real Barbie doll too.


Yeah. That's tough. That's crazy. Do You call it a Barbie doll? A ken doll? It's a doll. Okay. Yeah. I ain't gonna put the Barbie on there but it's a doll for sure. It's it's a bar. Yeah, it's a Barbie. It's Barbie. That's what I'm that's the brand. Yeah, brand is Barbie. But That's, that's kind of fire bro. It's a Ken doll Man. Speaking of dolls, I know this is a little bit while ago but shout to ti. Did you see that they, they got that bread for the bras dogs using the only V Girls likeness? Yeah boy. He said for life. He said I ain't doing another show. Yeah. Damn. He won that. They most definitely won that Try out to TI. Oh yeah, he don't gotta do nothing. Show The link. No wonder why he bringing all his a TL artist back. Yeah, him Andro been on the run lately.


Facts The a I resurfaced it got popular on TikTok. My boy was on stage doing pushups. I don't know what that was about. Oh yeah, y'all G la Lit. Yeah I'm I'm glad that 'cause I need to bring that futuristic love back out. That was my shit. Yeah, that Was fine. Yeah I just fuck with it because matter Of fact let's book, let's book Young la He probably outta our budget right now. Ah, he lit. Oh he gonna do that now? He's Super lit. Oh you, you probably gotta give young LA 30. Oh no, no, no. We can figure it out. No, I respect to him 30 Gonna do figure do one song. Yeah we can figure it out. I mean I'm just telling how that the shit go bro. I know. I remember Gorilla, it went from five to 25 Quick bro. Two weeks.


Yeah. So it's different bro. Just like Trinidad, James Gold, all of my chain That's go crazy. Jeff coulda had him for the low ball three months later bro. It was out of there. Yeah It was over Real Came for Trinidad Inside of the budget. So that, I mean that happens. I just, I'm glad that the kids 'cause they really don't fuck with our generation of music and they don't even know Like You know Young LA was cool but it's so much more music like that, You know what I mean? That they haven't heard yet. So. Hey, what was my shit I used to fuck with Started on this slow end up on it. Look Barbie heads up in the window going up front. Yeah Cy Girl do it.


Who was way You do that to go crazy. That'll still go crazy in the club. Oh me. You know what's crazy the kids don't get that music 'cause they listen to music at Denver make them wanna crash out. Man, we was just at the gym bro. It's a whole football team, basketball team in there working out and they all on crash all time. Sad, crying. Now y'all know how stand up for Broadway always but working out to him. Yeah. I said how are y'all and they all singing in unison. Yeah. Getting through they workouts though. My dreams. I was like what Migo Montana, Migo Montana. Shout him out. Yeah. Where? Wherever bro is RIP to my nigga that made that tooth, that thing up.


Make that Bobby roll That Thing Pop lock and drop Huey. Yeah Baby Huey died. Dang. Rrp Rrp. That was shout the freaky mike for bringing that back. He got that lit on TikTok And Instagram. Y'all I'm putting that as a soundtrack out to Malcolm. Malcolm was wild for putting as a soundtrack to your workout. I did that but Oh okay. Malcolm did the reverse when he was The damn, he hit the reverse on him. Yeah. That's crazy. Like Mike kept throwing his legs in there Up. I thought y'all had mixes Say that Thing Mike. That I was like remix shit.


Let Bar Yeah Barbie, what's happening? What we got today? What's Up? This is the five 20 Barbie. I've been dubbed Five 20. That's her nail now. 5 25, 20 Barbie. 20 Barbie. Okay sir. She is fil it on my white. I oh damn lady. Damn the girl Sneaker ology. My boy snicker. Ology a clean up man. Shout out to my God man. We'll send them to Alright. What's in this drink Barbie? We Have papaya, raspberry Something in my sure. I hope y'all Enjoy it as much as I enjoy making it 'cause I done got a little buzz so I don't remember.


Oh okay. Got I don't supply Raspberry papaya. Hey look. Who? Hey look who can of word? Yeah and strawberry. Oh boy. 20 milk Five 20 milk was sleep. Nah, I ain't thought that's just milk. That, That's like me buying some reefer from somebody. They like bro, I don't know bro. I'm high. I just Was knocked out. He called me like he thought he lost everything. I said boy. Yeah. He said man what's up? What's the best drink you ever made Barbie? What's the that, That one from last time with that mango. You like the peach mango? Yeah. Run back. That's the best drink that you ever made. Huh? He said that. Nah, I I was talking to you the, I made So much stuff.


I think everything is good. I Dunno. Okay. You got a drink that you was like, oh this shit trash that you gave to a bunch of people. We're not talking about it. I was, I was gonna ask you And you fry. Fuck yeah. Have you ever spike, you gave them some, some some bottom shelf alcohol. Some. Oh see that's bottom shelf. Everybody singing Now You fool us. Well don't say that too loud.


Everybody video. That was Him and Diddy. Oh hell no. I used to get fucked up off that. Thank God I stayed at home. And you was drinking that? Yes. Oh that was Diddy M's. Song. Yeah. Did You drink e and j too? Oh for Sure. Yes. We was drinking that The Butler. Y'all Got a rap song on YouTube? You had a Rap song? Nah, You know about put hey put that in the, put that on the YouTube clip in the shorts. It better be the real mouth, the white Irish roast freestyle. It better be the fucking real for this episode. I, I'll make sure you get it Malcolm. It better not be another reel that dropped. That better be the first real. I, I made a song, I believe it was 2013.


It was called RK and Jerk and it, it did numbers. Hey that I didn't Have a team. I didn't have a machine behind me. You just had DJ bu do. Yeah. Shout to my dog if that, if that ain't our first real from this episode, I quit flat out. Yeah, it better not, it better not be a A basketball high like they talked about. No, we talked about the earth and the Y Irish Road. Yes. Yes. That's the first selfie. That's what it's, So we'll get those videos to the production team immediately following. Yes. This, this show Fact. Get the real Louise Louis.


I got you. So I gotta, I gotta find it on YouTube but I think, You know, I'll reach out to Oh I got It. No, always been in the tuck for a long time. YouTube. Oh you can't wait to see this. Just in case This is actually gonna Yeah we gonna probably go up. Yeah. You ain't go I can't wait to see this. Yeah, you getting on the radar freestyle after they drop this for before. This is crazy. So you out here cutting people with alcohol? Is this true Barbie? No, I don't cut, I don't, don't spread. I don't cut. Okay. Okay. I Had a question for y'all today. Did y see Damn. Did y'all see It's our podcast. I'm five 20 Barbie Now You a part of the game? My School now did y'all see Blaw when he was talking to Kim Newton about Superhead?


Oh yeah. What'd He say? He said that she was the best woman in the world. He could never forget about her. Off to the side of her. Her, Yeah. Neck dinners. Yeah. He's like, she's just a all around perfect woman. Could y'all date somebody like that? The All around perfect woman? Yes. With her past. Oh No. Stop you to start singing it. I wouldn't Me If she was first, If I met her at 20. That's why Prostitute, If I had met her at 20, I was still childish. But meeting her at my big age, I've developed mentally I probably wouldn't give A fuck. Like she's your ideal perfect man. She just has that past. Yeah, I wouldn't give a fuck.


I wouldn't give a fuck bro. I'm a forgiver bro. I wouldn't I a forgiver. Yeah, I wouldn't care. I just have to get the footage removed off of us after She wrote a book. That's Tough. I was gonna say yeah I would. I wouldn't but Bow Bow shout out to be. We can't wait the hell you on the show next. But Bow Bow said she taught him how to wash clothes bro. You outta pocket. You could Have said Something else bro. You bow. Wow though you ain't probably never had to do nothing. That's what But that's what he was saying. Ah, yeah. So he said every time I bought some Dish church And I think of Korean stuff. So I'm like bro, that's crazy. I was gonna say I'm not locking mother memories but Respect. Yeah. I'm not locking in off that bro. If they can never Prepare, like She an amazing woman. I mean shout out to her. You a real woman.


It's somebody for everybody. You know what I mean? There we go. But it's a lot of people that just, You know, they do the body count shit. I just think she's being known for that is is is kind of crazy. Hopefully she needs a hardworking man with a nine o' five. But can but can you really fault her? 'cause She needs Dan at At&t. I mean I don't know who she hit off the record, but on the record they all like elite. Like can you be mad? Like damn least it was some top tier motherfuckers. It wasn't like Hmm. She was getting bust down by, I mean Bubby and my no don't smoke to my nigga bubby. But I mean this is gonna sound, This is gonna sound crazy. It wasn't like that but your name was just recent.


It was, I mean just because she ate the game off bone, bro. I'm not, I don't care. Like, I mean, I'm not saying that you cared, but you just know like damn Lisa was Yeah, I, I'm saying I want to be the guy I, I would rather have I date her if I had a regular job. Now if I'm another rapper and I'm with her, oh yeah, you gotta be super strong mentally. Oh no I'm not. If I'm famous like them. Yeah, that's What I'm saying. I'm cool. But if I'm a local joker Yeah, Yeah. I'm gonna lock you. Yeah. Your girl hoe nigga, your girl fucks a nigga that work at Jiffy Lube. What you talking about? Yeah, the problem is if y'all have a versatile who got girls, fuck, that's nasty. I just saying everybody girl that got sniped, Everybody girl done got snip everybody for sure.


But bro, it's some eaters out here bro. That's Cool. But bother like Yeah And then you don't know how far Your girl is. I could definitely brag a little bit like, so like nigga, I got her she used to fuck with And you can name whoever she used to fuck with. Bow. Wow. I mean well we, we, when you say brag, we using that loosely Because if you talking shit about my girl, I'll be like I know she at least tough these niggas wanted her like yo nigga, like I said, the nigga from Jiffy Lu was sniping your joint And you guys see him. I ain't gonna ever see these niggas. Yeah Bro. She ain't suck. Make you forget about it All. See that's Why I was Always lost me. Yeah. I was always, okay This is church.


I was always okay starting my team off with a, probably a player rated 70. She's a 99. I'm start You said she started off K without she married now. I Dunno. I mean I would hope so. I would hope so. I just think it's, it is different strokes for different folks. For real. Yeah, for sure. A lot of niggas really don't care And I, I mean I don't either but I just feel like that is so far up there. You can't be a celebrity and be comfortable unless you're just super strong mentor. If we being real, she probably on the same level as every girl in the industry. She just happened to talk about hers. Yeah. Yeah. She not Married. I'm gonna confirm this first. What? Because when I tell you who she's married to y'all, She married to a white dude, ain't she?


No. She was married to Eddie Winslow. Wasn't she? Eddie Winslow? Who? What did you say? Wasn't she married to Eddie Winslow at one point? I thought you messed with the Well now No, but I know at one point she was with Eddie Winslow. Okay. Google at first said she was married to Columbus Short. Nah, nah, that's not, nah. Colombo Colombo. Shout to your wife bro. We, That's why I had, I had to double check man. It's wrong. We was messing With Eddie. He he did. That was, yeah. See that's what I'm, I'm now he does, I dunno know what he does, but Barbie Now you gonna be five 20 Barbie, you tread lightly when you have no Eddie. Eddie, Eddie messing with Transformers bro. So with with that, No, don't let him talk you into it. No, I'm Saying though.


So that's a little scary bro. You don't know what she was with or she was with the shit's with him. That's just a lie bro. To be taken on. Yeah. Love for you alone. I mean, Nah, for sure. I understand what you're saying but I'm just saying like, okay, let's say everything, the world matched up. Everything was perfect and she didn't, had nothing to worry about. And she was just who she was. She's a clean state. Usually another woman to me. Oh, okay. Oh, they were married. They were married once a while. Winslow or Columbus? Short. Columbus Short Come on ball for everything to get so for every nigga to, won't you bro. She probably is a great woman bro. No, I believe she's probably a solid woman. I'm just saying it takes a lot for a man mentally to deal with something. You got the real secure Knowing you put that out there that you gave neck dinners to the industry.


Yeah, that's tough. And that's what you known for. I think that's just, it's tough in these. Yeah, That's that's tough. This Is a long list. Yeah, He's still scrolling. Yeah, That's, that's tough. That's rock. That's Vin Diesel. Oh. And see, excuse me, VIN Diesel is, look at the list. I'm strong for a while. That's wild bro. Shout out to Vin Diesel. I was gonna say something. I'll leave that. Leave that beat. But yeah bro, At some point we're gonna have to find out what's Vin Diesel's like real race Dude. Do you judge men based off how many people they slept with? You would never know And you are just disgusted. Wow. I wasn't expecting that answer. Yeah. Wow. Men are Disgusted. Damn. Okay, Well we uplift our kings in this platform, man.


Yeah. Nah man. Nah. Yeah. That's out of pocket. Yeah, Because I feel like girls do judging niggas By Girls do niggas by who they slept with with You said What? Being girls do, judge men by who they slept with. Yeah, Because the look of them though. Yeah, A hundred percent. Not the Number. Not the number. The looks of he messed with a whole lot of baddies. You feel good about it? No, because some baddies be just like I, I was just judging this dude because he messed with a girl. She's really cute but she's like, And I, You're judging see So what's so bad about OnlyFans? What's so bad about Korean step defenses?


She's OnlyFans with a lot of different people and It's, oh, she's doing activities on only fans. So she's a content creator. She so she porn star. Okay. She's A porn star. Don't give her a good title. It's content. Don't get her a good title. I ain't gonna lie. Give me the Euro role star over career Stephens. That's the same thing I was gonna say. Well she is one. Yeah. I'm gonna say yeah, I mean you, if you have to really do some deep, deep diving to find my girl on PornHub or you Lauren Y-O-U-L-R n.com Guys this, if you gotta do that to type her name in and really deep dive and find her. Y'all need the raw spark back bro. You really, You really searching bro. You really searching.


That's, it's just different bro. It is different bro. I don't know. It's different. I dunno. I mean I date Kim Kardashian. She did the same thing essentially. Yeah, but you don't know it like that shit. You're more so dating Kim KK off the box do Kim K list it's gonna run to. But she like dated though. Yeah, it's too bro. I would say Kane was definitely dating. She dated all them. They love her. You just heard the man just said she taught him how to clean his drawers. That is crazy. Boy Bow. Wow Boy. Good. Well song. Shout to Bow Weezy for sure. Barbie, we appreciate you. Yeah man, Love B Oh man, what a start to the show for sure.


It's a hell of a conversation guys. Yes. While we here, did y'all see the Charles Barkley pop the balloon challenge in San Antonio? Go go Goat, goat things by TNT. It's stuff we're gonna miss, bro. Yeah, I, I hate that it took him too long to get to the side of the content bro. But that is the best shit ever bro. That's go goat stuff. Charles Did it. I now I'm okay to do it. I'll do the 20 V one. I'll do it. Charles Inspired You. Yeah, I'll do it like Charles man, I Can't wait to see him. Pop the balloon on your ass.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on action at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare. How many points of favorite player will score rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the EBA player Props. New customers Bet five bucks and get $150 at bonus. Be instantly. Take it to the Wrack with Draftking Sports book where every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday. Keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons. First Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly a Perro enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami Apre enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide And we cover it. All the sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Humate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It all Changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know you're not Latina enough. First Of all, what does that mean? My mouth is Wide open. Yeah. History makers like the Suat family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I hope it's some big ass girl too. I You have to be, you have to be two 80 and up. Nah. Yeah bro. That's gonna be bad vibes. Oh it's not bro. It's the establishments, the vibes bro. Like because you trying to clown now. No I'm not bro. 'cause they might join on me. It's a part of it. But you gonna clown. That's the problem. I know I'm not bro. I'm gonna go in there with good graces bro. I bro, I I'm some real shit. I'll be shallow hell for that. I work with you every day bro. I know the vibe bro. You know scout report. I know the vibe bro. KYP Hey they invite you to his 20 V one. Do not show up. We gonna have be here Aren. If you, I I Would do 20 V one with, I might do it with Charleston Bro.


Make sure that is not cool Or Woody. I'll do it with Woody. Yeah, there we go. Woody Aren the plumber line it up. Yeah, I Who is Aren a plumber? He's just a sick nigga bro. He a wild boy Boy. Yeah. Here throwing the phase there. Everybody a turtle dude. Yeah. Or I do 21. That's the nigga that they Taylor. Yeah, for real. Yeah, shout to him does. Allegedly. But I would do it. I would do with Drusky. Me and Drusky would do it. Ah Nigga you do with Dr. Ski nigga. This is a legendary moment. Yeah, I would do 20 B one with, you have to be two 80 and two 81st. That nigga on day Tiana Taylor. That's why I Was like, I ain't even hear about that one. That was on Twitter. The nigga That day Tiana Taylor is like a in jail, probably a skinned nigga actor I think.


Is that, that's nigga named Aren or something? Aren Pierre. Oh my fault. Yeah, other girl. So yeah that. Oh he Was in a fire movie on Netflix. I don't know if it was fire but yeah it was movie. No, Aren the, that Showed that movie And I Okay not fire but it was a Good movie. I called a nigga. Him What nigga? What's that nigga? Hey man, Aren Pierre Aren Pierre dj. Nah, he solid it. We Gotta let DJ do his movie review. Y'all Bro. That movie is okay bro. DJ is one of the toughest critics in the movie. I might have Kept on fire but it was a, Okay, that's bro. Okay. What's the name? What's the name of the movie? I about to find It. I Don't even remember bro. The premise of the movie is Rebel Ridge. Yeah. I ain't watch Rebel Ridge was okay.


The premise of the movie is his homie got locked up. He tried to pull up with the bail money on a fucking bicycle. It was His cousin. His cousin. He tried to get him outta jail 'cause if he went to jail he's gonna get fucked up. This nigga had $20,000 of cash on a fucking bicycle and the police harass him. Took him robbed. Then he goes into the police station and tries to haggle him back. And then he chases the bus, the the fucking prison bus on a bike. Like he's fucking Michael. What's the nigga name who got caught? Lance Armstrong. He's cycling against the prison bus to get his cousin to the bus. All bullshit bro. The bus wasn't going that fast first of all. And the bus took off on him too. Like it wasn't like a Oh he's going super speed. He had a fucking roll Bike. I can't wait until we clip this. Did you see how that nigga act like he was on a Peloton?


Nigga? There's no way that you're doing it that fast in traffic and smack the nigga hand bro. Y'all let the fucking rock jump skyscrapers and this nigga can't ride a bike fast nigga. It is fast and furious. We expect him to do all types of bullshit, bro. Yeah, I'm Oh Y Y love fake movies. I forgot. Yeah bro. This is bro, he held up a police department bro. It's ridiculous. All right. Who got shot? Who got shot? Yeah in that movie. Oh, nobody got shot no bunch. I ain't watching it. Wait, we're the deaf got shot? Who got shot? Police station. Okay. We're the deaf at I need, I only watch movies with death. I wanna say One thing. His cousin died. Yeah. Okay. If y'all ever want In prison, If y'all ever want a real movie review, do not watch this shit because these niggas here for us.


Reverend Ridge was like, I watched it and said all I'm supported 'cause he black but this shit mid is fucked. Yeah. All but shout to them man. Only Because they didn't confirm we were supposed to do like three movie reviews. Like they wanted us to promo for movies. I don't think they trust our opinion. Oh no. I can give y'all real movie reviews. Name me a movie. I'll tell y'all the true What's the new Jonathan Majors movie? Oh yeah. Come on. What's up? I give y'all real review. That Was crazy. The movies, what's it called? Muscle Fitness Movie Review for Three Strikes. No, no, I'm about to do this one. If You wanna do this, I wanna do this one. Top tier, three strikes Top tier by Ization nigga Muscle, muscle Beyond Muscle. Some shit. That Girl was so strapped and mad That nigga had to pull her.


She was walking home. Well fuck y'all know the movie Magazine Dreams Magazine Dreams A new movie by Jonathan Majors With the gay trainer or the Gay. Hold on on, I'm gonna, I'm gonna give you all the details. Go get to That part. It's one of the, I understand what they was trying to do with the movie. It's out vision, bad delivery. Hmm. It wasn't a bad film, it just wasn't an entertaining film. It's a really movie where you gotta think about it and when you go home like damn black men might really struggle with some of this stuff and a lot of mental health issues and stuff like that. And bro really is fried in the movie. Like he going through some stuff, he a little, he got some mentally ill situations and He Show like how dudes could be, you could be a fan doubt or you could be wanting to be somebody or ins like kind of like Instagram, You know what I mean?


How you can watch somebody else life and want to be that and then it can inspire you but you also become obsessed with it. And he came obsessed with bodybuilding watching some other dude. And it's like when you meet your idols, how it can go so many different ways. How we talked about it like man, that people that you idolize And you meet him. Oh and the moment you meet him it can go some other way. Yeah. But this dude was mentally ill. He was obsessed with this dude. He was calling him, dude wasn't responding to him, he was writing him letters and he finally got a chance to meet him. He found out dude was gay and dude took them buns. Damn. That's when the movie lost me. I Said, Being so a fan of a person that you just, I'm like, that's nasty.


Hey bro, what? So I'm in a movie. It's, it's a lot of niggas in the movie. Gotta protect your innocence man. It's a lot. Yeah. I wasn't rolling with that part. I get it though. He was obsessed with him basically. He was in love with this dude. Dude took advantage of him. And it just like how the moral of the movie to me is like how black guys really had mentally ill situations or mentally challenging stuff. Crazy. And how they could be obsessed with stuff and fight back. Bro, it can go so many ways. 'cause he was trying to kill the dude after that. He was drinking about blowing his head off and all this crazy kind of stuff. So yeah, I could see what the movie was trying to do. Taking a man bun unwanted Is crazy.


But they didn't deliver the movie. Right. Like it just started off with that. Like, it ain't give us no backstory. They didn't give us nothing. I started Off with him getting, Nah, it just started off with him being crazy. Like, nah, I, I shouldn't even say crazy. Just having some troubles and like borderline skits. Yeah, just lifting weights and like, we like, alright. What, what's, what's the premise to the movie? Like what's up with him? Like why he cra like he ain't tell us Like, You know, his family died or whatever. They ain't tell us till the end. He like, yeah my mom, my dad killed my mom and You know what I mean? But it's at the end of the movie And we be like, all right, now we see why bro tripping like, but it was just too late man. Yeah. Be auto somebody and be Like, You know what? I ain't gay but fuck it. Yeah. It's kind of crazy. Yeah. Like he don't, yeah it's kind of crazy.


He tried to get some bums before from a prostitute. He got scared and asked her do my arms look big? I'm like, it's, I was, some of the stuff was point, but I'm laughing like I, my arms look Big. Hey, before I fuck hey what my arms look like. And she like, that's wow. She like you. You all right? He like, nevermind. I don't wanna do it. Dang. He turned that down. Yeah. Did Jonathan Majors turned down the prostitute? Yeah, but let Buddy Yeah, respect because It went, it went so left so quick. That's what I mean. The movie was a little weird. 'cause That's why I don't watch movies bro. It's too and it's like we always say love who you love, but that's too much for me bro.


Yeah. I couldn't watch that movie For real. And I don't have nothing against nobody. No community. Like we laugh and joke because I don't feel like nobody is, You know, Above Jokes. Nobody is above jokes. You feel me? I feel like gay people joke on each other all the time. You know what I mean? Yeah. I got gay cousins that I joke with. So respect. But just to have that in every movie and every TV show with that shit, that shit crazy bro. Nah, I'm saying it just caught you off guard like I don't care. Yeah, do whatever they do. But they was showing him taking pictures and he like, man you're the goat. He like, yeah, looking at his abs, he's like, you can touch him. And we at, at that moment I said man, this dude been gay the whole time.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like okay, why they ain't just put that and he touched him. Next thing You know they wake up together.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the king of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday. Keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly a per enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like ka aro enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Atho is where sports music and fitness collide And we cover it all. The arriva sit down with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Humate who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It All changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know you're not Latina enough. First of All, what does that mean? My mouth is wide open. Yeah. History makers like the ska family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally things are starting to shift into A a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Can we please pull up the mock draft? NCA term is finally over. Obviously we know who won the national championship. Shout to Florida. Let's see this mock draft man Mitchell will see that first round for sure. See who stock is high. Who's gonna change in a couple weeks. I'll tell you who stock is up. What's the boy from Florida? Clayton Walter Clayton Jr. He probably didn't play himself until late. First round. Early second. Damn. A lot of people said that. You know what I'm saying? His performance in tournament got him a first round for sure. You think it might change a little bit during the process? I mean once they start doing the workouts and stuff. Okay. If he tests, well obviously he can shoot the ball but let's see if he tests. Well cool.


Maybe who's in the top 10 right now? Mike? Top 10. We got Cooper, Flagg, Dylan Harper, vj. I don't know to say that. Edgecomb, what could you say the team's effort is too, just for reference. Possibly. We don't know who 'cause obviously the lottery happened yet, but you Got Cooper going to Utah. Dylan Harper going to Washington. VJ going to Charlotte. Ace Bailey going to New Orleans. Jeremiah Fierce going to Philadelphia. Yeah, this No, this don't even matter 'cause this is a mock. Yeah them teams ain't gonna be in that order. Yeah, but we just looking at like let's just look at the top 15. You got Jeremiah fierce with a six five. Five, five. Like players. Like who?


Who done got 15? Let's just say like a Boogie Flynn, Edgar Denman. Okay guys like him. Did he enter the draft? Yeah he ended. Yep. That's amazing For Boogie Flynn is at 19 By the way. Okay, I'm just saying these, these things are gonna go up and down. Like they gonna get in workouts, somebody's gonna perform well at Philly, somebody's gonna do bad. It is gonna go up and down. So the first round gonna be very interesting but most of the time You know who's going to be in it. I seen a little guy from Auburn, he ended the draft. Todd. Yes sir. Look at that bag. Boy I'm hope he kept his eligibility. Like I hope he didn't sign with an agent or whatever he got. He kept it open. Oh I'm not sure. I don't know if he's testing no wires but I did see he declared it. I didn't see if there was any other stipulations with that.


I hope he kept his show open 'cause not no shade to him. I think he a good player but he gonna have to show up in workouts. 'cause when you are a smaller guard you gotta show you can guard. You Gotta overdo. Yeah and I think he struggled guarding bigger wings and now the NBA is the land of big guards. Mm. And they gonna put your ass in a pick And roll. Yeah they gonna put him in pick and roll and they also just gonna drive him. Yeah. So you gotta be able to guard or you gotta be dumb explosive and be able to score. And I think he showed glimpses if he can be able to score but yeah, I don't know if he's as explosive as like a rob di. Okay, No problem. I love that. So I was gonna ask the question though.


I mean we talk about his gameplay. Is he as explosive or he as shifty as fast as a ish smith? I don't know. But The game is different though than when ish Smith was in the league though Not, not really. Ish was so explosive and fast. Like it was like eye popping like and he was strong. Strong. Like this kid man it was a kid that got drafted at Memphis a couple years ago. I think his name was Kennedy. Chandler came out the draft. He was similar built to him. He remind me that he kind of remind me of each other. They don't play alike but small decent athletes. Yeah. He struggled. He was supposed to be a first round pick.


Came out as a freshman, ended up being a second rounder. Struggled in and outta, he got cut by Memphis. I think he might be in the G league probably overseas now. And I don't want that to happen to him because they remind me of each other. Hi. You know all Americans, all that stuff go to good schools. He went to Tennessee, he go to Auburn. He had a probably a better year in college than that dude did. Yeah. But similar styles like supposed to be first rounders, all that stuff. Yeah. And I was just like to, You know, just keep that test that waters like man but whatever. Yeah, I was gonna say look at Sharif Cooper, stuff like that. Small guard had high expectations that didn't get their fair shake because like you said, being a small guard in the league Now you gotta have something that's just outstanding in that situation.


Yeah. You're something that's amazing because Sharif Cooper had such high hopes everybody Seen he could Score. Yeah. And he was a scorer. Scorer. Yes. And he was a great passer. But like that same struggle, guarding not being a ball dominant guard and not really that big. Like all the guards are 6, 7, 6 5. Look at Boston, Peyton Pritchard, they smaller guard. He's six one. But he built like a pit bull Facts on me. Yeah. You know, I mean And you got an incredible jumper. So yeah that's, you gotta have something that's outstanding for sure to be that small. Yeah. So hopefully he keeps his eligibility open. Give it another shot at college. There's nothing wrong if you test the waters and then go back to college.


Yeah, yeah for Sure. You know what I'm saying? I think a lot of kids be scared to do that. But also on the same token, like you said, it's your dream. Go to league, you get a guarantee. Shit I ain't mad at you. Nah, I ain't neither. Like if you gonna get first round pick be a first round pick. But I'm just saying at this state of the draft, like if you, if they don't got like Jeremiah phe, his athleticism, his speed, his quick it just jump off the screen. Yeah. Yeah. Like you like Oh yeah. It's like Rob Dylan him when you seen him you like that's he has to go. Yeah. What have he, what is he doing in college? Like yeah he's ready. I just feel like if if, if he goes back to college though, it's gonna be his team. Oh he probably gonna be dynamic. Yeah. He gonna get a little stronger.


Yeah, That's what I'm saying. And I feel like you can still get some money. I don't know what is NIL bag like Oh it's gonna be silly But I think you should go test the water. I know you don't want to go get injured. I know making the NBA is your dream. But I will go get another bag in college just because I'm not solidified as a lottery and if I slip into a late first round I could potentially go to a playoff team and I'm gonna really get hidden behind a bench For Sure. 'cause look at Rob Yeah. He was lottery. Yeah. And we know how special of a talent he is. Exactly. And he just happened to fall, get traded to a, on a draft night, get traded to a playoff team. Right. Yeah. And he's struggling to get on the floor. Yeah. I use that as a great example. And we know his ability.


Right. And it is crazy 'cause Chris Paul told me that same thing when I was coming outta college And I, I'm assuming dude probably in a similar role to me and like you gonna be a first, somebody probably told me you gonna be a first round pick. Right. And CP was telling me the same thing. Like okay you gonna be a first round pick, you gonna get picked in the twenties. Okay. And you gonna sit the bench bro And you gonna be out the league. That's what he told me. Yeah. He was like go back to school so you can be a top five pick and they gotta play you. Yeah because he he'll fuck around the slip to a team like the Rockets or something. Yeah. And Then they'd be like, but then you look at a guy like Reed, she top three pick and he still don't go play. That's so that's the thing that kids gotta look at like all these bad teams, they got young players.


Exactly. They bad 'cause they got young players. Yep. The good teams got veteran players but a lot of money. Yeah. So you going to get it is going to be a battle any way you go. So if you get drafted at a high pick to a young team that mean they about to cut somebody. Yeah. Right. So when you get a, you gonna get your chance but you better hoop out. Yeah. You get picked on a later team. You going to a veteran team that everybody already paid so you probably ain't gonna play. I look at the get the kid in Boston, that was the last pick in the draft. The white kid that went to Craig. Yeah. Yeah. He can play. He just never gonna get a chance to play. Yeah. Not right now. Shit. They got JD Davidson who's gonna run the G league and he's an n NBA talent NP and he the NM VP Sure He was raw at motherfucking Alabama.


So he just gotta look like it ain't nothing wrong with making $2 million in college. Nah hell no. Like, Like You know what I mean? And then going back and giving yourself a chance to be a top 10 pick. Yeah. Yeah because I'd rather you go to the Utah Jazz than the rocks. 'cause nigga as soon as you walk in Reed Shepherd on your ass. Oh yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? Because he done had to go through the the bullshit. Yeah. You know what I mean? To earn his spot. So he'd be damn if you come in this motherfucker just 'cause you had a great NCA run and take his spot. So yeah. Do yourself a favor man if you can, we ain't telling you what to do but if you got some s waiting on you in Oklahoma man go back or wherever you at. I mean Auburn, Auburn, I mean rock. Yeah probably rock for the Young boy for sure man. Yeah.


He gonna be a meaner either way. Shout to him. Yeah. Yeah. And that's a fact. But I hope he, I hope he, I love his game though. I Hope he get picked. Yeah. In the first round. I hope I, I want all these dudes to go to the NBA and experience that had that chance. But I just feel like when you bigger like Ace Bailey, I ain't saying he can gonna play anywhere but it just be better if he went to a team that's already good opposed to a smaller guard because you at such a disadvantage bro. Yeah. Being a small guard in the league right now, it's Tough. That's not tight. Nah, most definitely. We talk about some of these draft prospects, the Ace Baileys, the di Harpers man I'm excited man. I think this is gonna be one of the better draft class in a long time. I don't. Yeah, you don't think so? Nah, I think it'll be super top heavy but I think it Is. It is better than last year bro.


Yeah. I don't know anybody from last year but I don't think We was at that game. I was nothing on that. Alex r and what's his name? Shit, young Zachary Zach Ross. He nice. He gonna be all right. But I'm I, I'm not as high on this draft as everybody else. Hmm. Or I think Cooper Flag's gonna be good. I think Ace Bailey, I think Dylan Harper after that. I wanna see Jeremiah fears in the summer. I think you actually right. I think Jeremiah fears could be a still in his draft And I actually think Ja, Jason Richardson's son could be be a decent player on league. Yeah He's nice because he can shoot the ball. But I'm barking with Trey too from Texas two guard. Extraordinary. He gonna be nice. Trey Johnson.


Yeah bro. Yeah. But I feel like no, no shade to trade. It's like I feel like I seen him before. Who Do you remind You of? Like just players that only score the ball only can score. He a big win. He is six six but like yeah it's no shade. He might be a little more talented but like I seen Quentin, like Quentin Grimes is like that. Like it wasn't to the point. He was like he averaged 20 as a freshman. But I seen people do that and it ain't really work out like in the league. 'cause if you a volume shooter or you got a watch, he needs An opportunity Situation. Yeah. If you get like you don't really get the ball like that because if you go to a bad team, let's say you go to the Utah Jazz, they got another bunch of young guys like him.


Like you got Jordan Clarkson, you got all these dudes that score the ball already. I'm not saying you ain't gonna be able to score, but everybody can score in the league. And if that's all you can do, Hmm. I think Trey might be able to adjust to something else too. He Probably can. I'm not saying you can't, but like these dudes don't score the ball like Kevin Durant. Like that's when you seen Kevin Durant. It is like this is easy. That's why his name's easy money. It look easy bro. That's that's true Bro. And like even now think about Mike Beasley how easy he was scoring and then when he got to the league it just didn't translate right. 'cause he didn't get the ball.


But I feel like he got, I feel like Mike Beasley got dealt a bad hand to a situation. He Did. Yeah. He went to a c and that's what I'm saying. It's all about the cars you dealt in. Right now in the league, let's say Trey go to Charlotte, they gonna have a top pick. He go to Charlotte. Yeah. That's Not a good Look. He not getting a rock. Brandon Miller did. Yeah. Brandon Miller need that. Yeah. I I need that pill And I feel ah, Bang me another way. Even if he go like to or something like that, go to Portland Sha Sharp, He can go to Memphis. How d bang you about to get Shots? Go to Atlanta. You ain't about to get these shots over. You know Zach Alright. Yeah. Len or Trey And you got to learn how to get out.


Gotta He gonna make it happen. But I I I don't know bro with that one And I you shit, you played in the NBA so I'm I'm taking your word a hundred percent. But I just, he different to me. He good. I'm not because I feel like he can figure it out. He can score and he fucking, But I, I watched who they play Tennessee Guard him. Yeah. And when I tell you he it, it was not a good, it wa he killed him the first time. That second time they put that little football player looking dude on him. It, it ain't look as, You know, I'm Get Better though. His Game though. I'm saying what kid did You see in his game? 18-year-old?


Yeah. I, I like he got the ability to go crazy. He could shoot the ball. He can. I'm saying in that game though, what did that NF or what did Football When I seen it, it was like he can't really create space. Ah, like the handle he can get where he want to get against certain teams. He could come off screen, shoot it or whatever. They was letting him be comfortable when they got in his space and made him uncomfortable Yeah, It was like, ah, damn. He don't got that Like kd, he was so tall. If you try to make him uncomfortable, we take one dribble and just shoot over you. Yeah. And so he never, You know, I mean you never could make KD uncomfortable 'cause he could just shoot over you. He only six. Six. Yeah. And I, he didn't have that JR r Smith athleticism.


Yeah. Like he don't, You know, JR R Smith it jump off the screen. I got handle, I get by you. Oh yeah. And it's just like, He's not as explosive as that. Yeah. So I'm, I'm trying to see what kind of player he gonna be. I like him but I'm, it's still interested to see what kind of player he gonna be. So it be double to see where you want. I'm a big a fan of him, but also like VJ Edgecomb, I see him kind of be, nah, he's super explosive. Yeah. I can see him being, yeah, very productive early. 'cause like you said, the way that he can score the ball, he can impact, it may not be on limited touch, but when he gets the ball, he gonna put the ball on hold. He, yeah, he down, he, he's a downhill driver. Transition. Explosive transition. Yeah. Transition. He kind of, this is, listen YouTube, I'm not saying he's like a Andre Eagle dala type of athlete. Like when he first got to the Sixers, like throw the live up to him, let him run fast on the break, dunk the ball, he can go by his man.


That's kind of how he played the jumper is just, yeah. But You know what I mean? I could see him being like a base model, OG nano starting off until he develop a jump shot, stuff like that. 'cause like the athleticism is there. If he lock in on defense. Yeah he's gonna play bro. Yeah, he, he athletic but his basketball IQ is kind of low though. That's no shade to him. I mean he young, he probably with 18. Yeah. And that's the upside about this stuff. We talk about these kids that obviously they got time to grow but they're 18. That's the dope part about it. By the time they 19, 20, 21 developing in the NBA, they gonna be solid at what they do. But tools is there for sure. Man. Shout out to Shout out to the mock draft. Yeah. Wish all you guys well. For sure. For Sure. I can't wait till we see the workouts man. That's what my favorite part about it.


We always talk about who's good but who, who's a dog who really wants this bad enough. And when they get into workouts, like you said you, you've been a part of some workouts where it's like yeah we knew we wasn't going there 'cause people was getting killed. I can't wait till we start seeing them stories. Yeah. And we're gonna get a great summer league from it too. Yeah. Speaking about summer ball, I wanted to ask y'all about the big three. You gonna play in it this year? It's a hell of a question Now you got a got a hell of a center that's just, that's available. Yeah the white, the white said last blast, last basketball performs will be in the big three. He about to go out there and and fuck them up. I hope if I could of being Dwight team up, I think it'd be a good thing. I just want to know if he's going, if he's playing for real or he Dwight Howard gonna be shooting threes and shit.


Yeah, you don't need that Dwight, you don't need China, Dwight. Nah, I need, I don't care but I need you to get score all the points. My scoring days are over. Hmm. You wanna facilitate? So then they help me go pick and roll. I get, I can, You know I'm a master in a pick and roll. Yeah. You gonna get lo whatever you want. So tha that's nothing Now Head coaches Swaggy P You know what I'm saying? You got, you got Faith in Coach. Coach P is the head coach. For who? Yeah, for Dwight. Oh he already picked the team you on Dwight, Jordan Crawford. Nick, They waiting on, they waiting on you. Nah, that ain't what the team is.


Dwight and Jordan Crawford And I dunno the other player on that Team need three more surprise. Oh they, they probably gonna run their team back from last year. Enemies. Yeah, the enemies right. What's up? We, we what? Trying to do Oh I switched teams on. Yeah we trying to throw the lock. Oh yeah, yeah. Enemies. Yeah. My jc yeah so 3 5 20 is the of official general manager Of the enemies. Unofficially but official. Yeah. I, I want to be the sixth. I want to be the fourth man all let me come on this Aren Aren gotta go, You know what I'm saying? Just wanted to lock in. Now who was some of the former players?


I ain't know if they, they still gonna have big Isaiah Austin too. They team gonna be filthy. Yeah, he still wanna hope. Yeah they team gonna be filthy with that. Isaiah still want get to it. Dwight, I'm hit you back boy. I ain't know you playing with JC boy. We gonna tap in. Y'all can win that bitch bro. Yeah, JC still want, Toc gonna hold it down. I'm coming off the bench bro. Straight bench work. I got two minutes, three minutes for y'all Team. You there for the Vibes though bro? It's cool Vibes. Y'all need me for real. I I close the game out. Whatever y'all wanna do that be far. If you wanna play the last three minutes of the game. I swear to God I'm on that type time even Know how this content roll baby. We trying to lock in.


Come on man. We setting a play right now. Tap in for sure. You said some people now in the league or some people filter out League like pass like I honestly I seen Shout to Steve Francis, we would love to have you on. We always doing that, You know trying to get our favorite people on the show. But I seen him talking about playing BD one on one and I'm like damn if Steve Francis still got it, I'd love to see him playing the big three because he said he's still hooping For real. I think C Francis was a part the first draft of the big three And I don't think it worked out. I don't think, I don't think he played though. I busted Francis as he got a big three. I know he can't move bro. I know he Djt is a Dicky.


Nah like I I for real bro. I know Steve Francis can't move right now bro. Hey shout to Steve. Shout to F Charles but in 2025 it's quiet. Yeah it's, and that's no disrespect. Well Steve Francis is like 45 Bro. Let my man get out there bro. Shout Probably like he about to be like fuck you g too. Well Steve Francis you was one of my favorite players when you, I was growing up but bro you owe 48 bro. Yeah bro. I won't smoke. I won't smoke. Come to the big threes franchise 48. I need to set you up Steve bet to Rock Davis though because he said he wanna play bd. That'd be funny. Yeah, BD probably like 43.


There's no way he older than him. 45? Yeah. Ah yeah BD will kill him bro. BD will kill him right now. Yeah BD will kill. I don't even know if that game is gonna end in buckets though. They might just start drinking a a six pack. He responded on On Dream Show. He said he need two months to get in straight. He said he beat anybody. Yeah, I see that. Yeah But he, they probably go like to 10 about they get about Eight, Five drinking beers. He just gonna back him down and just talk with him. He said he can't stop. Yeah bro. 48 bro. He can't over bro. It's gonna be post work or fist fight. BD is too damn strong. He Said he too old. He said you need to be able to walk. I fuck with that. Fuck that shit be roll, roll one up on the court bro.


Nah some, some former players play play one. Look bro, if you do that, that's cool. And I ain't trying to cut out the YouTubers money Like You know get your bread. But it need to be I think more former NBA players in the big three. They got a great product. I ain't saying nothing wrong with it but some more guys need to get in there for sure Bro. Who would you wanna see in there Like Joe gotta come back. I think Joe probably dealing with the big three. I'm trying to think who's somebody who ain't that old. I don't even know who's like Eyes Jamon CR would be dope in a big three If he's still going. Yeah, jam Jam we see he got some security footage. Hey Y boy Paul Pearson, he in shape. He ain't in shape for what? I just seen my boy died.


His was Paul P just dy his hair man. Oh for real? Nah he said he got the orange tips man. Nah, Just seen my boy got the nc. Yeah bro, he just died his here. Ah, Pauly P He doing it for a little show. I, I've saving my, I've been saving my, my get back for him when he wanna do, if he ever gonna get on the show. Okay. I heard what you said nigga. Oh Yeah? Yeah he on that. Oh yeah. Y'all wanna see D Rose in the big three? I would, that would be a blessing. I don't wanna see D Rose in the victory. I do. I wanna see D Rose. I wanna see Lou Will I see Lou Will and a victory. I don't wanna see D Row. Lou will gotta get in man. I know he good but bro tap in bro. Oh After Horford wins his championship it is go straight to the big three bro.


Just keep the train rolling bro. Nah, nah Al Al get out there and cook. Nah I wanna see that big. That who with Lou will too. He was nice Tri Tri He in. He in the big three. Oh he is? I didn't know that. Yeah I wish they did the big three kind of how they did Unrival though. This is not like no sha to Y y format but You know how they play three on three full court on smaller court. I think I know people outta shape or whatever and they can't run like that. But I think it'll be more exciting to see people playing, You know, going back and forth like that. You would have to get in shape though. Yeah But I just think it, I think when they did that game it looked cool.


Like I watched that game with the girls. I'm like damn they don't look half back And for some guys who like Now that That'd be tough. I Don't even know. I ain't saying that because you my nigga, I don't even know who could stay in front of you and some shit like That. It wouldn't. That's why I think it would be tomorrow. That's what I'm saying. On some real shit. I don't know who the fuck could in Front of you. I running full speed as boys so crazy. All outlets in downhill so. Oh my shot I'm out there. Yeah I just think it because that's more big three is like a man up basketball. Yeah. Which is cool too. Brandon Jen need to get in there too. Yeah. Yeah. This give you more of the actual game you watch.


Yeah. Like damn you don't really feel like you just playing three on three. Yep. Kind give you that back and forth field like oh shit, I see Brandon, I want my boy Marcus Thornton. Yeah. What Marcus tho guy play now? Yeah. Marcus Tho please. Ty Lawson guy play Ty. Yes. Hey Marcus. Ty Lawson be fired. Marcus Thornton has been terrorizing people at LA Fitness. Yeah but did y'all see Morris Chestnut? Who? Morris Chestnut be hooping at the LA Fitness brought him and his homeboys apparently. And he, he did like a fake combine workout bro. He look like Kendrick Park is dribbling in the driveway. Exactly. It's fucking hilarious bro. He Blew it for me watching him play basketball after like Mike Lance Stevenson to get the big three. Lance get out there and cook on the low.


Yeah. Yeah he'd be crazy. I tried to get him last year on my team. Yeah we tried to get him five 20 day. Yeah he he just don't like whoop. Yeah. I dunno who's gonna guard Dwight though? Jesus Christ. Nah, He's, it's Christmas out there with Dwight. He should get out there and really play. For real? Yeah, like he play for real he gonna average, he gonna be MVP of the league. DeMar Cousins you gotta play bro Because if Dwight playing C gotta play. Yes John Wall you have to bro. Nah Don get out there. You Trying to jump to the big three already. I don't think, I don't think he wanna go to the NBA no more. That's fine. I don't think he gonna play. It'd be tight though if he would. Yeah Bro. Good John Juan Dmar cousin Lee up bro.


That'd be hard. They do that. We gotta evict. I'll really be invested bro. I gotta, I gotta get on the enemies. See John Wall killing him and Boogie and Eric Bless all that's fire. Ooh They got a squad. They need one more big, they gotta get Dave, I'm your coach bro. But they got the big Eric bus all bigger than everybody else. They need. They need Patrick Patterson on their team too. Yeah. Or O boy Miller that played with Who? Darius Miller. Darius Miller, Darius Miller, Darius Miller, John Wall, the Marcus cousin and Patrick Patterson. Yep. Or if old boy's still hooping, You know what I mean? That used to kill everybody. That nigga was talking about in the open gym Mo and them left hand. Ty Terrence Jones? Yeah, Terrence Jones g Jones. I'm something. He a one-on-one killer.


Yeah, he a face up demon bro. I'm, I'm rolling y'all. Yeah. Okay I'm rolling. We can add a team to the big three. Hey look Big three just, just hire us bro. We'll we'll get the league right. We already putting Roster us together Big three taf. You know what We the real GMs taf end tap End. We yeah we The budget the budget's gonna be have to be crazy though. Yeah. I mean yeah we gonna need that but we got but the NIL gotta step up bro. Matter Of fact. Yeah but we Went into the portal. We gonna do that. NI need to step up. Nah, shout out to the Q with the big three man. Most definitely. All right man. Before we get outta here, I saw this online, I forgot who but shout you out. I'm just go through random NBA teams and y'all tell me a moment or a memory or something distinct about the team that y'all fuck with like or whatever.


Don't, ain't nothing specific for sure. Alright, we're gonna start off with the New York Knicks. Jeff Gundy getting knocked out. Latrell sp real Latrell Sprewell. Yeah. Okay. And I think of the Knicks always think of Reggie disrespecting And I always think of Spike Lee getting disrespected the Scotty Pipman shit yo ass down. Oh yeah. I also remember Patrick Huon missing Ale. Yep. That's my favorite Nick moment. Top, top tier all all get well soon for the decades Knee pad was just, yeah his knees was just fucked up. Shout to Orlando Magic Huen couldn't Even dunk. Smoked the life of show Los Angeles Clippers.


My boy Lo Man Lamar Odom on that cane going crazy. I was my favorite player. Shout my hey good Trey Wg. Shit Poie everybody remember I used to wear all white Lamar Oldham jersey bro to school bro. You was on Demon time pull up Jersey. My my favorite moment from the Clippers is probably when Blake Griffin dunked on Miles Golf. That's probably like the moment I remember the most about The Clippers also shout out to my boys. Y'all always show us love. Darius Miles and Quinn Richardson made me watch the Clippers. Come on man. Iconic bro. A Hundred percent Deandre Jordan Dunking on Brandon Knight.


Brandon Knight Too. Yeah. He killed Brandon Knight too. My shit with them is always, hey I see the picture of like Steve Bomber like super hype and he like grabbed the people next to him in the stands. Yeah that is one of the craziest pictures of all songs. That is fraud. That is the opinion of the Yeah for sure. The Detroit Pistons, the bra come on man ball and the palace Bro. The original Bad Boys for me. Mm. Isaiah Thomas is the greatest piston of all time Facts. Isaiah Thomas is one of the best pgs of all time and in my ey top three. So go back to back being the small guard like that. I feel like Iversson was the culture but I feel like Isaiah Thomas was the leader of the small guards.


Yeah Bro. So I'm rolling with that. Zeke was one of them for sure. The Houston Rockets Probably how great Hakeem Meron was Moment. My favorite moment from the Rockets. Him Killing Shaq for me. Hmm. I'm gonna go with TM Max score all them points at the end of the game. Yeah. Dis dis Spurs Tmac in that 13 points in like eight seconds or whatever it was. Yeah. 20 seconds. Yeah. I'm gonna go with that whooping shit for sure. Shout out to Tmac Atlanta Hawks the greatest moment. It's probably Dominique Wilkins playing there. Nah, I'm gonna show, I'm gonna give it to, I ain't know no bullshit.


I'm gonna give it to y'all though. So far as team though. Oh for sure. I'm saying but my greatest moment I could think in the Hawks is probably when You seen Joe do some shit. Yeah I'm I'm gonna say when I hit the game, when I pop your shit, nah that ain't the greatest moment you did that. Yeah but I'm gonna say the probably greatest moment is when Dominique scored all, I think he scored 50 something. Yeah. Yeah Dominique was, that's why I said that first He hit the scoring record. I have to go what Larry did to them. Unfortunately that's how I remember so much about the Hawks man. Oh he scored what 63 or something like that? Yeah. Disrespectful bro. One of the best before you talking about the, well always watch the bitch.


The bitch was clown bro. French was going crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Somebody should have caught the fate for that for show in there. The Utah Jazz. Mm. The only moment I really can remember from Utah is when Michael Jordan stole the ball from Carl Long and went down and hit that shot. I, I'm gonna show him some love. Darren Williams used to rock shit. Oh D Will that that one two crossover. Darren Williams is very memorable and he used to low key sneak dunk on niggas too. Yeah he was nice. I'm rocking with Darren Williams. That's the Utah jazz. We don't celebrate Car Malone on this show. It wasn't celebration. He got ripped, got ripped then got game for sure.


Even though he used to kill niggas. Like he got a lot of buckets. A lot of buckets bro. But allegations for sure the Boston Celtics. My biggest memory of them is when KG said anything is possible iconic. That moment. Nah, I'm gonna take it back. It's my nigga jt. He said we did it. Yeah, JT a thief. I'm gonna give it to Ray Rondo. Ray Rondo racking up all assist back to back. Damn. Yeah, shout to I'm gonna give it to my boy Rondo. Oh me damn Celick memory I gotta go Eddie house get something in the back of the head.


Yeah Man y'all getting, y'all putting SMU on niggas bro. Paul Pierce used to kill too though. Oh for sure man. Yeah so Paul Pierce him and To Walker. Nah, I'm gonna give it to Paul Pierce. Him winning that championship in 2008 is fire bro. He had a hell of a career For sure. Dallas Mavericks, Dirk beating everybody. Yeah, Dirk winning that championship won the greatest moments when Dirk hit that left hand layup. The beat the heat. That's the greatest moment in Mavs history. Yeah, he Stamped his himself in the history hitting That game winner with the left, Taking that team like that. Granted he had good players around him but he really was the leader like and he beat the big three. That's fire. Yeah.


Sacramento Kings Mike Bibby them bro. But the greatest the, it's not the greatest moment but the mo, the moment that I remember the most is them losing to the Lakers. But the moment that stick out in my head the most about the Kings is when Jason Williams faked that behind the back pass and shot a pull up jumper. Oh I got the elbow. Yeah. I'm never oh I'm never gonna forget that. The Elbow pass was crazy. Yeah. Some of his passes from the king. I ain't gonna never forget that. That is nasty though. That fake man when he faked it and shot a pull up jumper, that was like the first highlight that I can remember like my dad showing me like did you see what this dude did? And that's when I started wearing 55.


He became my favorite player. So You know King's gotta Yeah. Play smart And I will, we need you too wind to pull up to Orlando. Most definitely Legend for sure. Indiana Pacers Bro. I'm, I'm a drink. I remember them bro. I remember JJ sliding and hitting dude bro. And thank god that he slipped with him. Not that man would not be here with us. Yeah. The bro shout to J though. Coach going crazy right now. Yeah. He's hell of a coach right now. Got My face. Remember was when Rigie Miller girl said his house on fire. Jesus Christ. Shout out to the Watsons girl. The push off against mj.


Yeah. Historic bucket. Yeah. Hit the fade. Yeah. Get welcome to the patience man. Man this is nasty. The Brooklyn Nets my, or we go New Jersey Nets. Let's go that because I'll, my greatest memory is when J Kid going back to back J kid throwing a chess pass that Vince Carter and he brought it down then on Me. That shit is nasty. Or when J kid rolled the ball full court to, I forgot the dude name that he threw it to. It was a guard. Lucius Harris. Lucius Harris. He threw a pass number 12 a freaking to yo. He bolded all the way down the court. That shit was amazing. If you haven't in a while, just go look at J Kid Highlights on YouTube.


Oh they're crazy man. And Gilbert, you out of pocket. You wasn't better than Vince Carter bro. I'm running back. He trying to slow walk though. I'm not better. He's like if you compare. Yeah. What if he's mad? Nah, respect For sure. Couple more before we get outta here. Milwaukee Bucks Gianni's 50 piece for the chip. Brandon Jen is 55. Mm. I just feel like it's just, It's iconic but John's getting 50 to end the playoffs to win a chip. It's crazy. That is. And then go ordered a 50 piece nugget at Chick-fil-A. Even greater in the drive through talking shit.


That's crazy. That's actually filthy. Yeah. Can I get a 50 piece nugget? That's crazy. That's a nasty order bro. Definitely. Well the most important book. The real ta Yeah. Out the gate. Yeah. Shout out to the na, The nastiest for sure. My guy Golden State. Yeah Steph, You said that quick because they got some crazy moments too. I'm gonna go Stephan. OKC. Yeah that's probably one of the best shots I've ever seen in my life. Yeah. I'm gonna go step, that's Step OKC shots probably. And then I'm putting, I'm putting Stack in there when they beat the Mavs Up there.


I surpris You had BD dunk? Mm that was classic. That was who was that on ko? Yeah. Yes sir. AK 47. What about the New Orleans Pelicans? What's our greatest moment Zion girl beating that shit. Double him. I The French, I like the new one Z Zion baby mama crashing out. He gotta get some OGs around him. Y'all. I'm sorry bro. Zion you are having a rough patch. You already dealing with the body fat shit. You injured Now you are off the court. You need to be part of five 20 off the court bro.


You need to get around some homies bro. Who is locked in and tied into some shit bro. Because you having these crazy ass love and hip hop. You damn near Stevie J in the NBA bro. Hey Stevie J Like look shit Bro. Let's, let's do NBA comparisons bro. Let's go. Alright. Who? So Zion, Stevie J. For sure, For sure. Who ain't? Man He's pretty guns with money. He peter guns With money. Sure. Gimme one word. Lemme get one word. Who? Ja Ja Ja Marant. Let's just do top players in the league. Ja Marant is scrappy. He a little scrappy bro.


Alright. Kd. Kd Who? Jock? No, we can't do that. We can't do that. He can't be it. You know what, he can't be talk Bro. Nah, you right, because kd, you a sick nigga. You a what's So something, something you wanna bury be what's her damn Rashida? Oh, Rashida KD. You Kirk Frost. Alright, One more. One more, one more. Amy Kirk. Who? Dilla Brooks. Dilla Brooks. Now that's Jock Dilla Brooks probably got eight baby mama.


Alright, alright, alright, alright. This is my last one. Declare. Alright. Who? Another story. A controversial story. Controversial. Mm. Who's Brad? Bill right now? Who? He played too much? I, I don't know if put Brad this conversation. I trying. It was controversial is good. Lee, that's od still. I can't put Bobby V on Brad. No, don't hook. My man ain't do my nigga. Bobby Love Brad. Love Brad love. Damn. I don't know who else on love with hip hop, bro. I had my favorite characters. He stupid. I don't know Brad. Brad Chill though. He or he ain't controversial. I just say he Ain't, there's some fried nigga in the NBA boy shit.


Who? Dwight. Alright on that note, Dwight, because I'm trying to play for the Enemies, The Real Enemies. Tell people that Grass of Merch, it might still be up. You know Shop 20 com. Who Is that? Who is that? Hey Kwans White Machine on Love Hip Hop. Oh, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back next time. Maybe GLO I 20. Love The Volume.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock Drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions. Today. The Warriors Dynasty remains a alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Rushmore, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's Up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game. Right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival. Presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie. Thomas Red t-shirt, Rascal Flex Cole Swindell. Sam Hut. Megan Maroney. Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now at ticketmaster.com.