
The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and victory, nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming Greatness with Lenovo Legion laptops, towers, and the new award-winning Legion Go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam. West Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with Towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the Legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out Lenovo dot com slash legion Lenovo Lenovo Empowering creators everywhere.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career And you want an education, employer's respect, so you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Lowe's knows that free is just better. That's why Milo's Rewards is free. To join. As a member, you earn points towards Milo's money on eligible purchases. Get exclusive free gifts and earn free shipping at Silver Key Status. All on top of weekly member only deals. Don't wait. Join Milo's rewards for free today and start saving more Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com,


The Volume. All right, we back. Another wonderful episode of Club five 20 podcast. Live in the hey with it all. Try weekend man. It's only Rob. We got Legends. Legends, legends in the building. Man. Gonna introduce him. Blasting to my far left. We got my dog Bishop B here out the pearl. He tell you what, nasty, cool and national. Let's get tour baby. I know, I know you excited for this episode Man. Start this podcast. Ready for this episode. Fucking Durag. You gonna rip nasty. Durag On the dur Was up. Duro. What type of durag was it? Man? That Joan was nasty on the Joan. Look like one of Joans from the eighties. You coming to you bathroom ain the same one you go to bathroom Your mom nigga Durag might with your mom, mom this week hanging.


Mom who joined? Shut up boy. Mind your business nigga. Durag drying on the motherfucker. Said I on Roundy. Damn. He got an old Dewey on too. Jeez. Young niggas be wearing some nasty durags from the eighties. Colorful joints too. Purple wear. Purple joint of lower joint. I I keep 11 joint. They be having 11. 11 dur. It's crazy. Yeah, I got win one Eddie Murphy raw Shit. Look at it. Look at it. You got some shit up in there too. That ain't just all activated. You. You got that. Be young nigga. Wear that be you got some juices and be nigga so he can show To my right.


My dog. Young Nacho Yoti. How you, what? You know why I'm here? You Nacho Young Nacho. What You call Nacho? Nacho type of nacho? You Know why I'm here? Camera, you know why I'm here. Got Finish line, foot Locker, whatever it is set up for the one B one, whatever it was all types of, no that court is no longer available now after that Shout out. Hold up, let Let the record reflect. Gil Record in the big three is better than Teague. So I'm just saying he never hit no four pointers or none of that shit. Yeah, Gil hit every game. Every game I ever played in I four. How many? How many you played? Three MVP every game nigga in the mvp four point is at least Champ.


Three threes nigga mvp nigga. Oh, guess who? Who you play it don't matter nigga. I'll ask you the fuck they playing. Alright, when you, we you get on the court, lemme ask you a question when you get to the game Right. Did you give a fuck about who they had on the injured list and all that? No I don't give fuck Who they, whoever they put out there is getting barbecue baked. That's they go on the fucking in the oven. Yeah. That's why I can't wait to play. That's what we do. Introduce Man, I love these. Introduce me right nigga. That's right Damien. Who? Damien. You better not dj. I can't do that on this platform. Listen man, I fool you want me treat Talk your shit Shit Alexander.


That's right. Come on man. Who? Gil Oley. Sam Ell Michael, Mike Gil, Jordan. Fuck is you talking about? Gilbert Arenas? Yeah that's righty. Get get get get Gil Michael Gil. That's the nigga You got Michael. You got Mike Family Movie. Oh That's crazy. Don't do that man. But show man. Listen man we got honor, honor, honor today.


We got legends in the building man Pioneers and You know who you got. We know Shaquille O'Neal. That's baby big in the fuck is wrong. I play big in the P. Y'all see my game Big three Co. MVP fuckers. That's what I do. Co p they gave me an award. What was that girl I cooked in the joint? Man barbecue, big dad. I barbecue. See the get outta here. Take care. I'll play kids. Whoever I play everybody. I ain't got no picks out here. How Many of you average y'all playing? Two on two. Y'all going 12. Me and Terry played for C Hall back in the day. Look me up man. I played with Bobby Hurley and them was playing man Chris Layton when they was at Duke and all that shit. Rashe Shit. Yes I was balling back there. Look my joint, I fuck my ACL up. You old too nigga up up wake up Nigga always saying they messed their a C.


Yeah A man. I was see I played, I played in NCAA man whenever, when they was really playing they don't play now they don't play now Niggas don't play now Nigga Soft Man for sure don't even play now I remember listen I ain't even gonna hold you. We grew up when the era star weekend was the shit, it ain't the shit like it used to be. NL was more the shit than the All Star weekend. It used to be popping. I'm talking about it used to be a movie. I don't know what happened. Right. You see what I'm saying? I dunno what's going on no more man. Well one thing that happened, they ain't put me in a motherfucker celebrity game. I was come on let get It. So you know that I ain't got a campaign I don't want ain't motherfucker I looked at that shot said well it's a waste of my mother but we got own Celebr game.


I don't wanna be against niggas that can't play nigga bunch people who motherfuckers they got good. I had 40 in that joint publicist and shit. Man I ain't, I ain't got time for that shit. It's a waste of Time if you played in that game sir. How many points you have? What? 50? I have had like 40. You have 40, 15 rebounds easily. That shit was damn Sean. Come on bro. Nobody out there. Nobody out there could play. Nah nah. You really Like respected. Nah. You Like Let's be for real. T my man we played on on the same team. On the big three. Yeah. Who was the MVP who had 27 who hit four pointers? Three pointers. Man this shit we a customer.


Fuck we talking about what new foul shots? This all and let's be for real. Most of this shit is jumpers. This shit ain't layups. This shit is Jumpers NBA range. What we Playing man? We got a Nike. Lemme ask this thing. I mean four pointers. You hitting big three Nothing. Oh I ain't shooting Four Nigga. I ain't shooting no two pointer. None, none nigga. Huh? Let me ask you a question. How hard is it to shoot from from the four pointer? I hit one every game. I only shot one every time I shot that bitch. You know what it was? What was you playing man Bro I was okay. I was playing professor.


Oh they brought him in there thinking he was going do something. Come on man. Ain't no fucking body. My height could guard me man. Fuck is we talking about man who the fuck my height gonna be able to guard me man, think about that man you gotta be at least 6 4, 6 5 even have a fucking chance. Ain't better have a seven two fucking wingspan. We got all this About five 11. You five three. Damn that's got a five eight wing.


I think his arms longer than that though. The way he says no how many let's be for real. How many niggas you know this size basketball hands big as shit. Slap nigga fucking that's what I'm talking about man. Next level rubber. A rubber ball. This ain't no real ball. This shit a rubber ball nigga. Fuck you. I like Mike.


What? Ready hands ball. He can't even about that. This ball hands better. That's right. All like this. That's right. Cus bro want me to hold the ball bro. My hand's bigger than yours nigga. My hands' shit. Him. Yeah he's, he's bark ball. He fucked up. Look he like damn I didn't think he could do he getting burn on a grills up bro. I'm like Mike what that shit, what doing? But he five, six. Fuck you doing? You barbecuing. We trying to get, we're trying to get to the court.


You don't want to get to the court man. No we don't. You listen, listen. You know what that call when when I'm done with you Look at like this shit. Why my nigga do got us here? Damn. Got the black guy. Hey why they come on? They trying to heat us like We hoop, hoop. Man dunno these niggas they talking a lot buddies to on two today. We done gotta do all that extra shit today. Set. Get you out of that one on one. I know they trying to hoop. Yeah we trying to hoop. Fuck. I said I got the court for you now you only got a plastic basketball on his mouth. Nah, that Ain't my ball. That wasn't my ball. My foot locker got it set up. He he, he my man run get a plastic basketball. I Shit believe that Inpro too tried you up hip right.


You but you didn't matter. Yeah when you got hands like Mike, I told you what they called me nigga I'm gonna cook this shit out you watch. Listen man we a honored man. This is the best introduction you could ever have man. Yes. Million the game Gillian Wallo. Legends. Legends. We appreciate y'all Pulling up man. Sir y'all niggas doing y'all thing man. Appreciate that. I salute you man. On bro. For real. Y'all doing y'all thing. I appreciate y'all come up for sure man. I be watching from afar And when we start this podcast we look out see, you know what I'm saying? Who we really walk with and we really got a lot of respect for y'all man. Y'all go crazy Y I'm noticing a lot of y'all podcasts. What's up? It was like the whole NBA was going beat Jeff the fuck up man.


What? What stories bro? Crazy to him. B, everybody Russell, Russell Westbrook lay him up and do this. He's talking about man I don't care Russell sitting nigga. Damn I don't care man. Barbecue some sauce man it ain't that spicy.


That's crazy nigga I watch nigga. Yeah that's how it went a little bit. He was, I was like nigga I don't give a fuck about that Shit. He shit nigga you should, he was mad. He was mad Nigga you should be so Your ass outta court nigga. For sure man. He was just, he was just nodding slot again nigga slam boo. So what nigga you slammed God nigga I slammed in your ear. You be so what? My neck, my neck get recovered. I don't care nigga. You wanna poster. So what my fans are like that too. You be like damn nigga just poster arrived through this shit up. Man Y'all fry as a token of our appreciation man and Mitchell for having us in this wonderful space. Man, we got some gifts y'all man.


You know what I'm, we know where y'all from man. We got a little gift for y'all. We appreciate y'all pulling up for show man. Shout that the family hold it down Shit. Okay. Ai. That's right. Yes sir. My man, My motherfucking man you Already know that's Right my go nigga you ain't never get a chance to play against Bub. Yeah He was him in. No I did play him in Philly. He had came back But he had 4 45. Oh Traded from the so White Was real one. That's y'all. He never see that? Nah, he wasn't hooping for real no more like he had set out Drew Holiday had started like playing and stuff. Oh yeah he was done like with the league all together. Oh So nah Iverson my go-to, I had Brace 'cause of ai.


Oh okay. Your favorite six of all time. AI Easy Money. That nigga favorite player. Okay. Favorite fucking player. All time is Bubble. Yeah for sure. Yeah Mines was like, you know 'cause a lot of people say my game was like showing camping mixed with Ray Allen. It was deep, you know. But I had a little Cedric ais I can see that I had, it was, my shit was all over the place so lot. My game game was all Ray Allen is a Crazy, crazy, crazy nigga. You bill LeBron Ray like Best player's A the best player ever bro.


Everything. Yeah it was crazy. Gil, Who'd you who with in high school you had any pros around you when you was playing hoop in high school? Well we, I had, my team didn't have any pros on it but we played against niggas. Rasheed Wallace. Yeah. You what I mean He Was like that in high school. Shit She was a monster. She probably averaged probably about like 17 in high school. 17, that's it. Yeah. But it was d niggas could play back then. They ain't like now bro. It ain't like now nigga had these nigga on the stick. You gotta understand. I think the leading score came off the fucking bench bro. Damn. Ain't nigga name was Rondell Turner. Man. Like you gotta understand when you got motherfucker, oh he going to Maryland, he going to LaSalle, North Carolina.


Carolina he, he gonna North Carolina like development money fucking points you think you going to have man. I mean that's how it was first us in high school. Yeah, He experienced that too though. Yeah. How Much you average My senior 25? Fuck Just gun? Nah, nah. Was niggas playing D you fuck Fuck was Nah. Every team we played against the NBA player on. Alright. But what I'm saying is that's the fact. Yeah that section was crazy. Your your high school team, everybody was good. Yeah They all went D one. How the fuck you average 25 and nigga made To the NB? He was gunning. He was gunning nigga gun my junior Year, my junior straight D ones I average like 13. Yeah. My senior year I, it was my senior year like I'm gonna do me. So you was gunning.


I wasn't, I was gun always been a pass. Fucking What fucking league would you like? What type of high school? What you playing against the white boys or something? Nah, nah, Don't get It fucked up. Why? I had to make sure some shit. He keep talking about weed man. This nigga was on a fucking bitch man. Put the ice in the water. He was putting ice water. He went to school with George Hill. Man what I fuck who he went to school with? You know I played with, I played the senior hall man. No you didn't. I was a bum. So you, So you did, you was locked up with my uncle. He said Ja used to squeeze you the sheriffs together. Wait, fuck outta, I'm gonna tell you this. That's, I was, I'm gonna tell you this, I'm gonna tell you this right here. Wild, crazy.


A lot of motherfuckers be hyping up. YI had you was playing against some white boys in the back small town. So man, he really, I'm my first game. Don't say you. Oh we played against the same School. Yeah. What college did you play for? I never went to school. Had 30. We didn't had no game. Oh my. I had game would be we played second. He'd probably play like Josh mc robbers. He went to the school called Carmel. Yep. Yeah. Then like our third. How? Nah, he cooked us. Who me? My senior year like 60. I had like 24 so that's cool. Bobby, Bobby Knight wanted me over there. Indiana Temple wanted me.


Of course BYU wanted me. Who Was Temple coach you could go to before Ohio State wanted me Connecticut. Damn. It was deep. It was a lot of colleges man. Sound Like me bro. Georgetown, they definitely one. You got a lot of, you got a lot of miles on your motherfucking knees now the motherfucker, They, they shot feet already know. That's why I don't fuck they shot tender. I could beat too though. They, they shot damn Feet tender. You know that your feet get tender, you know what's next. Right? Your back go out and then you go out on feet Stretch, stretch My feet good.


My feet. These niggas play Feet like oh that's Crazy when we joke. Hey y'all worse than them too man. Nah, I appreciate that's the best part about this man. Fun with this shit. For sure. I wanna ask y'all question man. Like we said y'all a big expression to us early on though. It's probably been a while, but what was that initial thought when y'all came together to start the show? Y'all remember that far Back? It took, yeah it was, fuck you trying be funny. See Y'all been a long time. Was six years ago. Y'all remember that far? No. What Happened? What happened was it was nobody out there like us in the podcast space. Sure you had Joe, you had and Joe and Noy was on some different shit.


They was beasty cater. Joe wasn't even doing interviews. He wasn't, he didn't had nobody on this shit. Him or Roy was doing anything and and what's name was only catering to the old older cats. You know what I mean? So we said we gonna tap in the game and bring the young cats here and bring the flavor. But at first we like, we gonna get our shit off. They didn't even give us time to do us because we wasn't even doing interviews. It was just me and Gil. Yeah. But what happened is everybody started hitting us up. KD would be like, yo man, I wanna come on the show when tomorrow alright. We be up New York and we was the boys that was moving around. Dudes wasn't moving around. Right. They was just shooting podcasts and then everybody get on the couch and think they get on the couch. A lot of people got a rude awakening realize you ain't got it, it ain't you.


Yeah. It is not your thing. You know what I mean? And the thing about me and Gil, we waited until we had, Gil had a million followers. I had half a million. That's when we started. And we knew we had people that listened to us every day anyway. Yeah sure. A lot of people come out to the joint. Oh damn I you I used to do this or I used to do that. I'm gonna just rap play ball. Lemme start a podcast. Don't nobody listen to you nigga they watch you play sports for entertainment nigga nobody. So a lot of people shit fly flop because they don't have that audience. And then, then and then you got motherfuckers that was, that's been boring their life, their whole life trying to start podcasts my nigga. You never was funny. You never was entertaining. Yeah you never was. Interesting bro. You be can to dry your whole life. Why the fuck would you start a podcast?


Who the fuck's gonna listen to you? Who? So it's just something that everybody think they could do and but we understand numbers. We understand that the average podcast only lasts about six episodes before Real niggas realize they weeks and they motherfucking time. Yep. They stop and then anybody else just you know go any longer 50 60 podcasts. They just, motherfuckers that kid look theyselves in the mirror and be like what the fuck am I doing? Mm Yeah I think what they did on what y'all do on social media too help a lot too. Yeah man what y'all, y'all niggas interaction. This nigga fucking karaoke. All that crazy ass shit. You for this nigga to rain.


That's still one the funniest videos ever. I used Used group back in the day though. Don't karaoke me. Hold on nigga. I wanted to ask you was you like literally outside with this nigga when it was right there? It looked like I felt, it felt like he was in a car or something holding the fucking Fuck. No but you Start. But that's what I'm saying. When I first watched it I thought you were then when you start cussing this nigga out, If I was in the car with my motherfucking whole car getting away, I was like this is expensive shit man. Yes sir. And you see how hard it was raining my whole fucking inside of my car would've been fucking wet. Yeah. Wallo snapped on nigga I had to hold my, I had to hold my hand over the fuck I that I ain't doing that shit for y'all.


No because I'm thinking the motherfucking video was going be, it's a little quick 32nd video, shit. Fucking man. I run out real quick. My hoodie get all wet. I got clothes in the studio. I change out real quick. This nigga I came out, this nigga was motherfucking up the block, he was Smarter me. Yeah. I'm like what the fuck type of time he on man. Then he running off slow and shit. Then as he run about realized he done took his shoes off and shit. I'm like then this nigga, every time I think he about to stop, he keep going. I'm giving him the eyes. Dude like now I got shit, my shit is done. I'm like oh no you just going one more line nigga you done you can do what the fuck is she doing?


Nigga was hating on me man. Nigga. Nigga was hating on me. Nah, that shit is crazy man. I'll never go out there again though. How That feel though? Like y get you rap and now you got every rapper that wanna come on your podcast and it's something that you did. You know like they probably, I don't say they probably looked up to you. Looked up to you as a rapper. Fuck you mean you hating He he to throw. I know they fuck with can't. That's, that's cool. That's all good. They Fuck with Wayne. But to have you now is the platform they want to go to. All joking aside though, for real 'cause every rapper wanna go on y'all platform.


Who's scoring big in NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props, money lines, you name it, DraftKings got it all. New customers, now's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus. Best Italy, take us to the rack to Draftking Sports book where every point counts. Download the app today, use Code Club five 20. Yes. That's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets for just five bucks. Only on DraftKings the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See d kng.co/audio.


This President's Day, upgrade the look of your home without breaking your budget. Save up to 50% sitewide on brand new window treatments now@blinds.com. blinds.com The number one online retailer of custom window treatments is the better way to give your home the presidential treatment. blinds.com makes it easy. With free virtual consultations on your schedule and samples delivered directly to your door fast and free. Choose from trending, woven wood shades or upgrade to motorized blinds.com. Has everything and more. All with upfront pricing and no hidden fees. Need help with installation blinds.com can handle it for you or DIY with expert guidance from our design pros. With over 25 million windows covered and our 100% satisfaction guarantee, you can count on blinds.com to deliver results you'll love. Shop blinds dot com's President's Day mega sale right now and save up to 50% sitewide plus a free professional measure up to 50% offsite wide@blinds.com Rules and restrictions may apply.


Ready to optimize your nutrition this year? Meet Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor's. Fresh, never frozen Meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Their chefs handle the shopping and shopping, delivering fresh, fully cooked meals to your door. All you have to do is heat and enjoy. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. And if you're looking to lose weight factors, keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Savor nutritious premium meals no matter how busy life gets. Eat smart with Factor. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off and use code factor five zero off to get 50% off. Plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Stop hitting snooze on new tech. Upgrade the whole team at Lenovo dot com. Unlock ai experiences with the ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors So you can work, create and boost productivity all on one device. Win the tech search for business PCs at Lenovo dot com. Lenovo Lenovo.


I mean it's a beautiful thing, you know what I mean? It's, you know, you gotta understand we know how to listen to the young niggas so when most old niggas just know how to talk to the young niggas. Right. You know what I'm saying? So you know, and, and, and all our youngins understand that we don't want nothing from you. We don't need nothing from you. All we want for you is the best. So we sl see you slipping. We'll call you outside of the podcast. Yo bro, come on man. Fuck you doing that nephew. Fuck. Fuck is you doing that? You doing some dumb shit bro. You so when y'all just see the podcast shit and y'all see the love, y'all don't see the conversations that go on behind the scene.


Yeah. When it ain't even no podcasts going on. Yeah and it's not just rappers, it's athlete. There's a lot of athletes Right. There's a lot of like and and they just like damn y'all the only dudes that ain't trying to take motherfuck. Kodak Black tried to give us a million dollars, try to send us a million dollar wire. Right. Damn. Damn. I said man nephew, what the fuck is matter with you? No, no I just appreciate y'all man shit you got mad at me. I said no we ain. Not gonna really got mad. Like I said nephew, what the fuck is the matter with you? Like you gotta understand what the day we went down there it was like Memorial Day or something. It was a holiday. So we like he taking longest shit to shoot the interview but he here so So you know we busting it up, we talking he but he just like, hold on, wait whole time he trying to get the motherfucking money cash but the banks is closed and we don't know what the fuck he trying to do.


We dunno what the fuck he trying to do. So snapping on his team, I'm like ne So when I realized he like yo no a motherfucker pulls us to the side. He really wasn't supposed to tell us. But he like dog, I I I know it's, we looking a little crazy right now 'cause we has been supposed to shoot but he won. Surprise y'all with a million dollars he won't give. We like no hey we taking this shit man. Like but N is three days later Neff still talking about send in the bank in my phone. Come like n too, we appreciate you man. Nah we love you. Is that why you started million dollars worth of game though? Like when you start doing nigga the give us a million dollars. I'm saying talking about game Jeff like nah I didn't go what we started me I you started me and os worth for game.


Really, really I started me and o worth for game on Instagram. Yeah. Y'all remember? Yeah remember I just used to get a young nigga's game back when videos was 15 seconds sir. You know what I mean? So it was just something that I was just organically doing. And then when I came home because was giving out game on a different side of things. Don't go to jail. I'm telling you all, all right nephews, y'all think it's sweet you gonna be doing a thousand days until the sunburn the fuck out. You know what I mean? So and then eventually we just came together and you know what I mean? Nah that's all right bro. That I think like You said man the dope part about it is take the entertainment out outside of it.


Like which I pour into people inspiration. I get to people, not even the people on your show but the people watching it. Like you said, y'all touch a lot of people and that's the dope part about it. 'cause you got a lot of shows that want you to entertain. You don't do anything for cliques. Right. Y'all doing something positive that people pouring into and y'all getting that love back. So when y'all see y'all go to different neighborhoods, it ain't no issues regardless of where y'all at. It just says test me. So salute you'all man We showing niggas to live bro. Live your life. Live your life man. Nigga did 7,300 days in jail bro. I done been locked up, shot to all kinds of shit out here man. Throwing out the nigga you got raised nigga the fuck out here. You keep always throwing that shit out there. Like a nigga shot for you was bleeding out down your hands.


Five. Five. You got a graz in your hand like a motherfucker shot. So what happened man stop doing it. Yeah I got shot because we was think a nigga got shot like shit. Shot three fucking times. Don't listen to that shot. The fuck you talking about? What you got shot at here Fucking because you was running. All you see was ooh the fuck no he beat me to it.


Fuck you saved. Who popped your dumb as fuck. It was cool. I was out there night nigga. Yeah fuck you talking about? That's why I'm saying you got grades you got shot in when I had no security man. Like the fuck you ain't had no a a surgery or none of that man. Man you come down here for this. I could shoot him right now. It could be a hole this big in his fucking leg dummy. But if it don't hit no fucking bone dummy, you fucking go be like make sure that shit get the fuck outta you don't know because niggas thing to pull no gun outta you. They just So you dumb ass up.


Listen, listen that happened one time man. You keep talking about the one time got mad at me because I ain't do that. Bitch bitch you was bitching. You got about a guy so So you gotta evaluate shit nigga punch you down. He sucked me. He sucked him. He sound like a 22 1 off. That shit was like yeah man that nigga dropped rolled under the car. I had to retreat, nigga had a dead house So you know he had perfect vision but he So you, that nigga on the party shit. I rode another the car that was that had to hold fold car nigga left t see they, they don't understand that shit.


No I remember y'all about that shit. There shit was real but no, you know it was just like we grew up in a place where it's though the old heads would be on the corner talking shit all day. But they'll see you doing something. Hold up now what the fuck is you doing Man, stop that dumb shit nigga. I'll tell you. They will always put the check in but they'd be in their own world though. Yeah right. And, and and that's how we is. We in our own world but if we see something, we gonna say something or if you reach out we gonna be like man what the fuck Look call what's the name man? Who? Main man that play for the motherfucking play for the 49 ERs. Man what's up with nephew? What? You ain't gonna believe this. He going out bad over situation. Man. The girl got let me call this nigga, what's up?


It's hallways over too. What the fuck is going on with you man? God man. No hope you don't understand. Listen man. Yep. Don't, don't don't, don't do nothing to that girl man. Lemme, lemme, lemme talk to your uncle man. Put your uncle on the phone. What? Yo, you know that nigga out there Francisco crazy about the little derone. She suck the from the back man. Why Put yourself from the back. Lemme go out, get out there. The this, this know, you know the coming next day coach my ham, I can't play. I can't play what I long fucking young bro.


You understand? They different now. They demons. They come true. They come these professional chicks. They come they they had all the wifey, the wifey, all the wifey ingredients. They not doing it. They come through make you, you know y'all, y'all y'all young is easy. They get throw, they get throw a fucking strip out Frito. Y'all niggas go crazy all man. She the one bro. You can't believe she threw the frozen strips. She dumb ass at practice somewhere. You come back. She got, she got your jersey on her as off fat. 'cause she got a body done up. You come back after practice, you come back at practice. You like bro she the one. We ain't gonna believe this bro. Your team, your whole team laughing at you. 'cause the three players had already had it now on Cancun. But our girlfriends you, they like look at me, look at a rookie here you go through the whole joint.


All that Happened to Me. For real. You all for real. Come on, come on. I knew I just, I just broke a girl to the club one night as a rookie and I had my arm around her. I was hype ready show all my teammates. Yeah Like she tough and Josh Smith pulled me to the side. I said boy, one, two. Yeah. And I said what you mean? He said yeah Now he talking to like what he ain't talking to nigga I left, left Pocket niggas in the locker room man.


What's up with T man I don't fuck with them niggas man. Man he saying shit. No ain he fuck my bitch. He came at my bitch, she gave, he had up first she gave a two, a two hand death twist right that night. Shut up. I love you brother. Ooh he got another hand spring. All that dumb shit. He, y'all don't fuck with Josh. He tell other team don't nigga be hating man. Niggas hating, nigga hating on the young niggas. Nah, I No, no. But what they ain't telling was that that twist twist. The second nigga went through the same thing before him. He was in a club like this. Yeah.


Gee he fucked him. So. So lemme ask you a question. You, you was a DM killer. You slid in a dm? Nah, I met her. I met, I had just moved to Atlanta. Oh shit, she got it. Oh she different got different. That's a different Place. I was a rookie oh nine. That's not rookie Atlanta. I had just moved her. I seen her. Oh my god. What year was this? Oh nine I Justin. Yeah and I had met her, we had got cool. So I took, let Me ask you a real question man, what was you tongue Kissinger like on the right? Nah, nah, nah. I wasn't never really a Kisser. He was tongue kissing anything. That's why he all the club Josh's like oh you got the whole season bro.


That's crazy. Bros like, oh brother crazy, crazy man got thousand. Here's a baby shower. Be crazy. That be crazy these niggas. But it's cool man. It happened to everybody man. Yo this nigga crazy. Oh this shit, this shit got straight up retarded. Y'all crazy man.


Man that shit crazy. All this but you know this crazy shit. You know what's so crazy that niggas don't tell you all the shit that y'all young niggas go through. We all went through that dumb shit. Too bad man. We ain't that it was worth no hold on. Lemme tell you a story. We're not y'all young man. How old is you man? I'm 37. Lemme tell you a story. You're still a young blood man one time, right? I'm talking about when you was Oh yeah when I was young. One time I had this little shorty. Right. Oh shit. So, So you know back then we, we ain't had cell phones and shit all the way back then. So you damn you old you had to call a motherfucker right. Or beep a motherfucker. Right. So I meet this shorty, this other shorty bad little motherfucker.


She was cold. I she, I'm waiting on her to call me all day. She text a text from a number. I call her number back. I say yeah somebody call, you know how back you might not know back in the day you get a beep. You don't, don't show you who it is. You call yo somebody call. She was, it's she say yeah. I'm like who this? They like what? I'm like who this? So they just say it's Keisha. I'm like, I've been waiting for you to call Dick. I'm like where you at is Appalls?


I'm like, I'm up Germantown. I'm like, I'm I'm, I'm about to pull up on you. What's the address? Text me that gimme the address or whatever. We go through there. It's me and him. I knock, knock on the door. She was crazy. A girl come to the door, she like What's up? I'm like Keisha here. She like, she looking at me. She like yeah she here. Hold on. She walk in. My bitch come to the door. Oh I just turned around and start running. I'm standing there. Right. I'm standing. So the whole time I Keisha right when I call and she pick up, she just expected me to know her voice.


So I'm like who this? She like what? I'm like who this? She like what Keisha it just so heavy. She seen crazy the same name. I go Right, I've been waiting for you to call all day. We you wait bro. I'm not catching the delays or nothing. What? I'm like where you at? I'm up Germantown. This nigga pull Up bro. I pull up Bob when I've run. He stayed there. I about say what'd you do while, Oh nigga I put the Mase down. I got that shit right for him nigga I was feeling up his slim back then. Fucks you talking about that nigga he was back in. He was back on on good terms that night because my mouthpiece, He got your True nigga.


I was coming man. He talking about know what I mean? I dunno what the fuck he told. I told him some magic shit man. Yeah I was on some shit back then. You know what I mean? What I wanted to speak on too though is I know from all three of us we appreciate y'all niggas for bringing Kim and Mase together too bro. Like yeah that was big for us bro Because we all grew up but a lot times people just need to talk man. Yeah. You know what I mean? A lot of times the conversation just need to be had and then once a conversation is had you realize how much love you had for motherfucker. Yeah. Has anybody been anybody else that y'all brought together like that? I know that's more of the polarizing but I think, I think, I think we bring a lot of people together because it's like, you know anybody that fuck with us, they know we we we share resources and we don't be on no sucker shit.


Yeah. But I think you know in our culture, especially the black culture, a lot of this shit be all because the conversation wasn't had and it'd be people in between. Especially now it'd be like, it'd be so many people in between me and you might could make some moves together, get some money together. But your man might be like, no man I don't like dude, I don't like dude you ain't bringing no value. That nigga just sitting around with some bullshit. Yeah. But me and you trying to handle some real business 'cause we we thinking like we on the same time but it's like it'll be somebody in the middle and it'll be man he did all and then you, you not liking somebody because you ain't liking or or not kicking it with somebody that you supposed to be doing business with somebody or something.


All because y'all ain't have a conversation or somebody came in between y'all. Yeah. Think about how much money they would've missed out on. Yeah. If me don't see how it all started was Mase came on the podcast and he just kept it real. He kept it real man about he like I used to wear Cam sneak, that was my brother. That was brother. He thought I had had more money than I had. He thought I more money than that but I ain't have it. You feel and sometimes when you, you you see that how genuine a motherfucker is. I can only imagine that Cam was sitting back watching the interview like damn. Yeah. And that's my nigga man. Yeah. Then he came Yeah and express that it wasn't that serious.


You know what I mean? And then now they getting millions on top of millions of dollars together that they never would've gotten if they allow ego and a lot of shit that don't matter. Yeah. Keep 'em apart. I just think in our coach, I think I know that it's a lot of people out here for everybody but I know in order to, you gotta be, you gotta be a good, a good, a good a good cat, you just gotta be thorough. And a lot of times thorough is about not just about making moves and talking shit. It is about helping motherfuckers along the way And I think the platform we build, it wasn't, see it's not all about what you see in the episode. It's about what you don't see sometimes. Yeah.


A person like simple man. Yeah my guy shout out was no bullshit. I remember, I remember, I remember I was talking to Simba right? I first connected with Simba on the internet 'cause he was just hot. Yeah. And I hit him up and I'm like damn this nigga so one night it's like I know on the east coast it was like four in the morning we talking he like man I like man this shit ain't really, I'm like no nigga this shit you hot. Don't. You know what I mean? Because sometimes we can't see it but somebody else can see see it for us. Like you know how sometimes we, we be in the world like with your family members, you, you might see something in them but they don't see it and you keep trying to convince 'em. Like it wasn't about convincing somebody. It was just like nigga you tripping. Ain't nobody rap like you out here don't nobody rap.


So every time we had a chance we threw him on our platform on the tip came out and, and and we knew that we had influence to connect people. Yeah. So we threw him on the platform. Anytime we up yo pull up talk that shit on his joint. Ah he go crazy. Motherfuckers like damn like even like La Russell, I'm the first nigga that threw him up. Ain't nobody throw La Russell. They wasn't thinking about La Russell. I'm like nigga you hot. He like yeah man good looking out. The next morning I threw him up. Three hours later, three labels called me. I said listen I ain't, I'm gonna just give you his number Def Jam Rock Nation at the time and another joint I just gave. So it's like that right there mean more than anything than just making money.


Yeah. Because it's about how many people do you help when you help them. 'cause now they helping they whole circle their community whatever and it's about good shit. Like a lot of people in this joint, you know what, me and Gil don't really fuck with a lot of niggas and I'm gonna tell you why everybody quick to complain about the problems that's going on and they try to monetize the problem. The problem talk. Yeah. Black people this they doing it. What the fuck is you really doing though? Yeah. Like it'd be weird shit to us. I be like we don't fuck with you all this extra deep dope. Oh yeah, I'm on this, I'm on that nigga. What did you do? I know me and Gil went got that money and put $4.5 million in it to minority businesses in our community. I know we always in the community.


Yeah. So, so a lot of times it just be weird to me because it's like when we checking a young boy, we saying something. I'm talking to you about protecting life and freedom. I ain't talking to you about Yeah. I don't give a fuck what you doing out here enough. But if it come a point where I gotta, but I, I could. I'm and I'm talking to you based off experience. So I'm not just talking about the young boys. This nigga, we was young boys, we was on some dumb shit. I remember this time I, I was bitching. We robbed the motherfucking off-duty cop. He tell I said because I don't think we should take the gun lead a gun. He told me you was a bitch. No nigga. I, I'm just saying this was back in the day man the statute of limitation is up but we out did robbing shit one day. Dude told me he a cop. I'm like oh shit. Oh man gimme don't just don't take nothing from me. Let's get outta here. No I know. Didn't make no sense.


I'm like already come up with I'm saying he scream, he was doing that shit. I said I don't give a fuck what you is. You better c that fucking tree. Get that fuck this. Before people was talking shit he did And I'm like I'm backed up. I'm like listen, I ain't got nothing to do with this. I myself, I'm seeing myself. If they come down, if they come down, listen, understand, listen I look at a lot of times but I, you know I get up in the morning, I make it's a lot. I just be like God really put protection on.


Yeah I was a fucking idiot bro. We on the car ride from that joint and we what we playing Nas. But yeah I got a stolen cop clock with C notes in my end I'm in from Stripe off. I'm like that nigga in the backseat like because I don't think this was, I listen I'm like fuck I saw the difference. Hold listen to the difference not to cut you off. He had been all through the juvenile system. I another got going so I'm just like he back there like I tell listen and then they tell me I'm bitching because I say listen man, I say yo pull over at this store. I gotta get something because I was gonna get out the car.


I was out straight. I some real shit. I'm like yo. Yeah say let me out though. See I gotta go to the store. Just drop me off at the store. Let me grab something. I'm like, I'm getting away from this man. Like we not even in in our neighborhood. I don't give a fuck. I walked next to the neighborhood. I just like, I'm damn this shit, something's gonna happen. They gonna call us. They, they coming for us. I'm like this dickhead done did this dumb shit. But what I'm saying to say that is that we did dumb shit too. Yes. Yeah. Everybody try to, everybody try to departmentalize they dumb shit. Yeah. Youngest do dumb shit. I can't like if you like but but you got, you got all these people. You got all these people out here that Well my whole thing is let's just have a conversation.


I'm going to tell you some shit. You going to tell me some shit. You gonna gimme some game outlook. I'm gonna listen to you Outlook you I'm gonna school you and you can take what I, you ain't gotta take all this shit now. Yeah but I don't want you to go down and penitentiary and I don't want you to get killed. Yeah. Up and especially if you getting you successful. But it's not just them. We talk to the youngest in the hood that ain't got no other lane. Wow. You know what I mean? And you know why I think the youngins adapt to us because the eyes don't lie. Yeah. Yeah. When the youngins look at us, they like, they really been in the water with them sharks. Yeah. So we could listen to them opposed to some old head coming to your school with a baggy ass suit on. Talking about do you wanna stay in school?


You know what? See the message I give to 'em is how they want to hear it. How they need to hear it. Yeah. Oh you gonna get the sees knocked out your fucking watermelon, you gonna be laying there. One of the loneliest leaves on the ground is when you're laying there waiting for that ambulance to come. That shit sound like it's so far away and you bleeding the fuck out. Hey motherfucker still four blocks away trying to get through traffic and shit And you, that's one of the longest leads Manne. Yeah. So we try to keep you before you get to that point. Yeah. Nah, before you about to go kill you gotta understand bro we bumping the motherfucking young boys who just start crying on the spot. Man y'all like my dad has lost my head when I was young and I told the white nigga that was crying.


I'm like, because I ain't hear what he was saying. He was like, you my dad. I'm like, because I got a fucking son. I didn't know what he was saying. I'm like young boy, no he did look like you though. I wasn't even lying. I'm my son. Like he was like, because I'm just one of them. You know dudes that probably was like, he probably I'm you my dad. I if he said that because he was like you like he said you like my dad But he like Jesse because this is my son, I come over with my son, I correct him. I'm like nigga you lost your virginity in jail. Cut the dumb shit. Oh shit. That's a lie. I damn it was deep. That shit was deep pocket. My other camera said D Hey Wal, can We get some game on the we in this space bro.


We know y'all big with the brands man can we get some game on the branding deals on That side? Alright, guess the game. The game is y'all out here. T gotta utilize his leverage from playing in the league and get somebody to connect with all the brands. You got different departments, okay you got electronics, you got the beverage space and there's multiple beverage, you got hydration drinks, you got liquor. So it's multiple shit right there. Yeah. Then you got athletic wear, like it could be Foot Locker, finish line, this place, you know, whatever Mitchell and Nest. Mitchell Nest. Then you got men's products like condoms, deodorants, real shout, Toro Sparks, Rose Sparks, Beijing, I'm about to get on your, but what I'm saying is trying to be serious.


Then you got motor vehicles. Yeah. Yeah. Then you got Sports Bet. It's all these different categories that could be sponsors on here. One of these ones might say, you know what DraftKings might say, okay we wanna be the presenting sponsor of y'all. Show that me me. They on the, they name on the marquee presented by your name presented by Draft Kings. Boom. That's the big money. And then everybody else, they could be ad reads or y'all could do different activations with 'em. They, they could sponsor y'all location. We see how this on the wall, this could be Bro Sparks or something. Say yeah we going, this is how much we need for, you know, for that. And so everything is about just really this shit is like really about just finding partners.


Yeah. Partners is anything we believe in the partners. I remember early in the game we had, we was reading ads and people thought we was crazy. Oh different podcast. Oh man. Used used to be like, oh man, come on man, we ain't doing no ad. Alright cool. This is where the money had bro. Yeah. Fuck is you talking about? I remember y'all started early with the funeral home and shit. I got shit. I went and got them. I went and got, we went and got real joints. Yeah. I'm talking, we getting, I'm talking about, and we, and I used to sell minutes. So I sell four minutes for 20,000 a minute was an ad that one minute because we only even dropping four episodes a month. So that one minute this episode is brought to you by Boy Funeral Home. And soon as I go, you'll see they shit pop up. They logo pop up on the Join a number to hit them information. Bang. Yep.


Get you in and out of there. We had Fuel Hyundai. Yes, I remember that. Sprayed by Dual Bobby. So we, we, I tell one thing about us. We share the game. It ain't never been anybody that call us and we ain't sprinkled the game and say this, this shit is easy. You just gotta be on top of your business. It's called the podcast business. Not the podcast. Yeah. Fuck the podcast. That's why everybody keep fumbling 'cause they just, oh let's get a joint. We got a podcast, let's get a nigga, get the business together. Make sure you own, we get together and we talk a bunch of shit, but we don't know how to get no money. Yeah. Yeah. Make sure you own your ip. Million dollars Worth a game is owned by two people, me and him every episode. Me and him. That's the only people that own our shit. We own our shit. We only do licensing deals.


Okay. Whereas though we, you're paying us to license our shit and put it on your platform or whatever. You see what I'm saying? Or, or go get the ad money for us and we bust it down. But other than that, we own everything. Our back catalog, all this shit. So you know, it's about ownership and it's just about doing business. But it's easy bro. All like right here this weekend you got all this shit out here. Yeah. All these different brands out here throwing activations. I've seen bows out here. I think New Balance might out here. Mitchell, Andes, I've seen a lot of different brand. Adidas. There's a lot of brands out here. Yeah. Somebody need to be from y'all team connected. They need to be going to all these different parties, connecting with all these people. 'cause in every one of these motherfucking parties this week, there's somebody that's a shot caller within them brands.


Yeah. You know? And what college you went to? I went to Wake Forest. Okay, cool. You know what, now you know what Hot Speed played? It's how small world one of your peoples would be out and be talking to one of these people from one of the companies. And he like, oh because I, I got Jeff here but, and he'll be awake for us a alone. It's crazy man. Yeah, it's wild. He and he'll be the motherfucker that's really in charge. Like, no, I'm a big Jeff here. I love it. Yeah, let's get it. That's how small the world is. Or you go or you go tap into alumni. Somebody that's, you know, you always got somebody that know every buying alumni the whole and say this is what I do. I need people that's working these days. Days. Oh yeah. What's the name Work at?


He work at motherfucking Sony. This, what's the name Work at, at Beats by Dre. This guy work at Gillette. He used the head of marketing and now it's a wrap. But you gotta, you, you gotta sit there and strategize and say write a piece of paper. Y'all sit down together and say each one of y'all in each category, what do y'all like? You gotta be able to say what do y'all like? And if you could and if you could figure out and if you could figure out where is that and if you could figure out what do y'all like, then y'all could write y'all list down and that makes it and and, and it makes it, that shit makes it way better. Lemme see if I got something for y'all. Shit.


It makes it way better. Nah, we appreciate that bro. Real. No because what's going on. I'm gonna show y'all some real shit. What's going on? One thing we proud is Pride ourself in is schooling motherfuckers man. Yeah. Because if you ain't schooling no motherfucker using Nut, I want some real shit. If you ain't, if you ain't trying to help these young niggas or just help anybody period. Because guess what we, we, we got our money


Ready to optimize your nutrition this year. Meat Factor America's number one. Ready to eat meal service factors fresh, never frozen Meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Their chefs handle the shopping and shopping, delivering fresh, fully cooked meals to your door. All you have to do is heat and enjoy. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. And if you're looking to lose weight factors, keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Savor nutritious premium meals no matter how busy life gets, it's smart with Factor. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off and use code factor five zero off to get 50% off. Plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Stop hitting snooze on new tech. Upgrade the whole team at Lenovo dot com. Unlock ai experiences with the ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors So you can work, create and boost productivity all on one device. Win the tech search for business PCs at Lenovo dot com. Lenovo, Lenovo,


Get in the Zone auto zone. Welcome to the A to Z savings event at AutoZone. Yeah, happy to be here. Can I get some rotors? Would you like brake pads with that? How much are the brake pads free? With the rotors free. Really, really free. Okay. I also need some oil. Would you like an oil filter with that? Yeah. How much is that free with? Five quarts of oil free. Really, really free. It's part of the A to Z savings event. You might as well call it a of free at AutoZone. Get into zone AutoZone restrictions apply


As y'all looking at what I'm showing y'all. I just it up on the screen. I just broke down the, I just broke down the categories. You see finance there? Yeah. You see beverage, auto, electronic. You see sneaker retailer, you see men's health. Didn't I just tell y'all that? Yeah, yeah. But now y'all seeing it so y'all get an idea. So now y'all know how to go out there and pitch and what y'all pitching for. You see what I'm saying? Because everybody's trying to get some Woo. I remember I called Simba one day and what I told sim I said So you need to do something about that. You put million dollars. You see what I'm saying? And that was from me telling him, yo Simba do something about the sports shit. Do this in that third, that nigga call me one day. He's like, nigga you know I just got a deal from such and such.


I'm like, what? I said, well I'm happy. That's my blessing. So that's why the shit come back. Yeah. Yeah because my joint would be like, and Gil and Gillie know how I am. I got a real big thing and he off camera, he said You put a million dollars in my, in my told account. That never happened. I told him. So what I'm saying is, so what I'm saying is Gillie know how I am when we go somewhere. I'm the dude always talking to the managers, the public relation people, the the marketing ages, whatever. I talk to them because this is my life. That's all I give a fuck about. I don't give a fuck about too much. So when I'm telling somebody something I be like, I hope this nigga listening. You ain't gotta listen. Yeah. I go, you know I ain't got no money issues.


My money long than train smoke. I know what the fuck I'm talking about. Yeah. And we and what makes it so easy about me and Gil, we get a shit load of money just to be ourself. Shut up. We ain't gotta be nobody else. Wow. So I'm telling people like this is where the money at and I introduce people. I don't, I I don't be with, I don't be with that bullshit. I ain't getting in nobody way. We never had that in the game. I understood that. So I know my responsibility in this game to be is to connect people. That's it. And I get the fuck out of people way. You know, what's the name, what you need. That's why I just gave y'all. But, but I just, what I just gave y'all average person don't know what the fuck that sheet looked like. And that's our shit. That's that's, that's something I just edit outta one a decks from outta one our decks.


He took us off, edited it and just sent y'all the look. Look I just created that shut up. That's true. Crazy. Nah, This was from our, from our shit. I just edited that and gave y'all the bottom part. Nah, that's, I That, that's all you need now y'all can get an idea. Okay. So each one of y'all, y'all write y'all shit down that y'all really like, y'all really enjoy that y'all really talking about. Yeah because a lot of these sponsors it ain't, it ain't nothing but some shit that you, that your sink. Think about it. Yeah. In your closet. Shit. Closet your sink in your kitchen. Yeah. So you know what I mean? One of y'all might cook, y'all like using McCormick seasoning but damn McCormick and it is all about how you how what type of play you trying to make.


Yeah. You feel me? Yo, y'all can get y'all, y'all can have a podcast. You could be presenting sponsor, you could come on just as a sponsor. Y'all could get the podcast and posts on my Instagram and a certain amount of story posts. It's, it's different levels of, of is different levels. Money out here and y'all gotta, and y'all gotta know how to support each other. I just think in our culture, everybody want to compete with each other instead of eat with each other. And I be seeing it like with a, that's why the brotherhood is not as stronger because I see so many people fall out and be like, yo ain't gotta fall out because you gotta understand this. It's gonna be days. And I was telling Shannon Sharp, I was like yo man it might be a month, it might be two months.


But when you come to the show and when I'm talking about the show of life, Gillie name is on the marquee. If his name on the marquee I gotta support I man I gotta make sure he cool before he go on that stage. Gotta make sure he got everything he need. I don't, it ain't no hangups for us. It ain't no And then, and then a month or two my shit might be on the marquee. I might be killing shit out here. And he gonna support that. Absolutely. And that's why people can't win. Everybody. We 50 50 we ain't, we ain't gotta work like, like we wake up and do. We, we cool but I think and that's what we trying to show and be the example of what it looked like. Most people ain't got money because they fell out with the motherfucker that they could make money with and they thought they could make money by theyself. And it's like your goofy ass nigga, you needed that partner, me and this nigga man we like day and night.


Yeah. And we bounce off each other and it's organic and it's just us. Sure. Why would I wanna do it by myself? I would never, I would never wanna do nothing by myself. That's stupid out here. That's why we believe in getting partners in our process of what we doing. But let these people tell her I don't need nobody. I'm cool. Yeah okay. Yeah you by yourself on the podcast. Who wanna watch that boring shit. That's true bro. Straight up where the energy at man? So I got one perspective. Yeah. What the fuck you need that? Come on man. Nah for Sure. You ever started, you ever thought about putting like signing the other podcast? Oh We got something coming. I can't speak on that. My we some big shit coming bro. Okay but no you on point. You ain't saying nothing wrong but but we got, we got, we got some.


See you was too nice in the league man. Nigga slam with you man before I outta your way. Boom. Wicked The greatest player ever. Hey what that nigga. No he didn't. No he didn't. Mike he ain't never do Mike. He ain't never played Mike motherfuckers No was talking about Brian. Fuck is he talking. Oh Brian that nigga I'm just saying Mike. You know what I mean? I never seen Mike playing and I be hyping Mike up. I be like you Mike man fuck Mike. I'm like I never seen play fucking 40 nigga. I seen Mike fucking play. When did you see oh I was in jail.


My fault. Fuck you talking about? I never seen my and I be talking shit y'all niggas don't know nothing about Mike. I like nutty because I'm like the one young boy talking something bro you was in jail, you never seen Mike play? I seen LeBron and Kobe play. I was like take your little dumb ass home. Pass your fucking curfew, fuck you doing out here. Take some foul. Shit like that. And I never seen Michael Jackson. I'm really emotional. Right. I never seen Michael Jackson perform either man that was my nigga nigga you through his whole run fucked up man. Literally to be an old nigga now you can't really say nothing but a young nigga that seen Drake and all these niggas perform And I'm like, they like fuck you talking about him over here. You ain't never seen that nigga perform.


Yeah. I'm like damn man I always wanted to cry at a Michael Jackson concert man but so what's up man? All of them like just 'cause Mike, Mike was a different type of nigga. Mike come into join, he come on the stage, the lights go, he got a half a pound of activated shit dripping off the stage all through his face and he just say one little thing. Hello, I'm Michael Mike, I see people pass out. I was like yeah outta the shit like that. Hell like damn Talking about Michael Jack super different Nigga's outta my a hundred people pass out.


You just see motherfucker they did. Nah Mike talked to me. Nah ain't Gary. We Seen everybody too but Dmx remember that video we were talking about dmx? Nah I'm you some real shit though. Yeah everybody in the world Is retired DMX here and Gil always say that was the greatest peace perform. But I'm gonna say some real shit. You was Eric Gil for that. On what I was at D MX concert Philly. That was the greatest shit I ever seen in my life. Yeah but I'm gonna say this though, rest in peace legend. Yeah I just think rest in peace. I just think the impact was different. Not because you know how everybody try to compare yesterday to now it wasn't that the issue was it was more hype and it was more magic on their celebrity. 'cause you never seen these motherfuckers. It wasn't about, it wasn't about o this artist but it was like bro I've been to everybody Concert Future Drakes, I've been to them joints and shit.


I seen a bunch. You never like you'd be lucky to see fucking Nas. You'd be lucky to see, you know HOV went into an era where they start going to these tours and all that. Yeah but the average motherfucker, they dropped the album made three years. You ain't had no fucking money to go see Prince man. Yeah, true. He's another nigga out be like oh shit to go Prince ah too purple or red like like you see r Kelly though. You know we talk about r Kelly. Oh that nigga love that nigga was in r Kelly. I ain't gonna say nothing. Me he was at his house. House. That nigga went with r Kelly pool together.


Pool you the pool R. Yeah. Fuck you wasn't you ain't why'd you spend the night though? Why did you spend the night? Everybody? Yeah was with the label. We was recording film, you know what I mean? Yeah. Whole label spent the night. Damn. Did you ever record a record with him? Yeah, no they recorded something else. Oh. Trying, I'm noting I'm not. I'm just pocket for that picture too was a real his I I was like damn what the fuck my sister sneak out pocket, I'm gonna throw that joint up.


That's think really he pass this R Kelly man ain't he pass you a pass? But I just think, I just think people compare. Y say man it's totally different man. Yeah motherfuckers ain had access and I think in his and it fuck shit up a little bit now 'cause people I, there's no bullshit. I was at this spot with little Dirk right. And he was in there and it was this dude, he was in Philly. Right. And it's this dude I knew. Right. And that nigga telling his homies, man fuck y'all worrying about that nigga for man we got the same watch on man he on the same shit. I'm like oh yeah this fucked. That's when I knew that this whole shit was fucked up. 'cause people really being delusional shit because they got too much access and they, it is too close proximity to artists and they think they them now.


Yeah they think they big and I'm like dog you don't got what he got. You got the same watch. I don't know if yours real but what I'm saying is like, like it's the mindset like yeah it is that point your shit to the side and then it's a gift and a curse. 'cause it's like you gotta keep coming out here, you gotta keep moving. You can't go and hide no more. You can't, you know what I mean? You can't. You gotta keep, you gotta stay on 'em. They wanna see like they wanna see you coming in the game with that shit on as a player. Now there's certain things' added, they couldn't do it back in the day. Them niggas had baggy suits on and shit. Yeah Mike was Oh yeah I didn't tell you about the story when I seen Mike, this nigga was hating on me. So listen Oh please I seen Michael Jordan, I never seen him in the game. Right. We in Chicago right.


We in Chicago and I knew, I said damn this nigga know me. Right. So we in Chicago so Mike come through and it's like he was getting outta a black car. So me and Gil like a little bit down from me. I'm like Mike what's up? Right. Mike did one of these shows like, like no he didn't Cus cus did Mike speak to me or not? Fuck no. Who was he speaking to? His motherfucker like he trying get come on man niggas no, no Cus he did like this. I said Mike, Mike, he did like this and he just kept going but he pointed at me, he look at pointed at me man he did.


He did like this. No he didn't do that shit. So he knew who he was in the hotel and I never seen him on the field but to see that shot, I'm like nobody did. I'm in the court. I'm like, because Khristine, I see listen, CC Jeff, this a different joint, this the different journal on anything I love. I'm not one of these new niggas, I don't give a fuck if I see you it's on. Yeah, I remember if I see what's his name right, he in the joint. Right. I seen this motherfucker. I'm like damn he got a tender with him too. I motherfuck Bob Johnson from BET. So I get on the elevator, it's inside of the All Star Week in Chicago. I get on the married man he, he not married. He cool.


So I jump on the, so I jump on the, so when I jump on the, I'm like because listen, I don't see him because he like in the corner. I'm like damn okay. So I see Bob, I'm like oh shit og what's up to step third? And the way he did the drawing, I'm like man come on man you doing too much. And I'm like this already did, don't never leave you try this is one of my greatest fucking weeks in entertainment. And then after that me and 'cause together we downstairs in the motherfucking restaurant here in the hotel and I think Mike Rich called him one of them joint in Chicago.


I said 'cause oh shit man come on 'cause just walk with me like where the fuck is we going nigga go Spike Nigga, he go Spike Lee. So I walk up, what's up baby? Spike Lee played this man, that nigga looked at me like Spike Lee plead the shit out us man the fuck is you doing man? I'm like damn this. I'm like, I'm like damn. So I thought Spike with Noah fighting Power Spike. I'm like this nigga, this nigga gotta know fighting Power. He walked up on Spikes. Spike look like Spike was like what the fuck you fuck you making all the noise for man? Yeah she did say that. So I'm like, I'm like I pull Spike say nigga do the right thing. You me I posted out there threw picture the black the right thing Gil I thought was gonna get fuck outta height.


But this nigga seen Na and that nigga, that nigga fell fake. He seen Ni and Fainted. Nah ain faint. But that's, that's my man before he draw he he was in the plane before. Fuck with him. That's his man I love Na that's my favorite rapper. No ni I seen, I seen him and I'm walking up, it's me and my woman. I'm like that's Nas babe. Hold this real quick. I walk up, I say, what's up nigga you nigga I was so charged up right that he said fuck with you Gil. I said fuck all that. Come here nigga. Why did I that fuck all that nigga I fuck with you two.


I said fuck all man come here. Like So you. I'm like why did I say fuck all this nigga? I was too charged to fuck up man. Nigga telling me I fuck with you too. I told him fuck all me. He hugged me man come here man that niggas like on same way he held Kelly. See there you go. No but I'm just saying like R is that nigga too. No but I'm saying that's like r ain't that nigga man. I'm not saying you that. Listen me one thing about me, I never front on RR was R every time I was around I'll let you all that. You chilling in the jacuzzi? No, in this house. I ain't, I ain't got nothing bad to say about. Oh no nigga you was one them tapes.


Listen you want a couple the tapes. I mean but I'm gonna say this though. The reason he like that me and Gil used to be arguing all the time back in the day because we used to go back and forth in the car from Reasonable Doubt. Ted was written, I was Jay-Z, he was Nas man all this shit better. I'm like nah this shit better. And we used to be in the car all the time. It's like nah switching joints out. Like nah fuck that. So, you know what I mean? It's just like thank God for hip hop, you know what I mean? Saved our life. Yeah. And it's like, it's just, it's just a mix of the sports and and music and it's, it's something that was just great to all of us. That's why I'm thankful for it and that's why I'm thankful for shows like this where y'all just doing y'all thing.


Your brother and I and I and I never want people to believe that it's is enough because it's never enough perspectives. You basketball, football, hot, whatever. Music is never enough perspectives 'cause it's 8.2 billion people on the planet. It's not everybody join is different. Motherfuckers gonna watch all because it like yo man, I a vibe with them man this is my vibe. They might not watch me and Gil they might be think them two niggas is crazy. Yeah. Which is cool. But then they might, somebody might watch all the smoke or they might just watch the Pivot or they might watch Gillie in them. You know what I mean? So it's like everybody gotta just do them and try to be the best at what you doing and learn as much as possible So you can craft your shit out. So you can craft your lean out So you can craft your moments out.


Like look y'all here lot of sports shows is not here. Yeah y'all got y'all. So keep just, just keep getting the game. And I love the stories man. Keep doing y'all thing. Appreciate because it give a different perspective of shit you don't even be knowing about. Especially locker room, you know what I mean? Hold on man. Talking about especially Locker no locker room stories. The locker they about was about the first time, the first time you went in the, in the NBA shower nigga was nothing. What happening there? Man, I didn't know they was necking. I'm like oh how'd you start? Major figures bro. You know? Well I know you the CFO what happened was the figures. No I'm gonna tell you what happened. I'm gonna tell you what happened and it's real shit.


Yes. I mean so when I first signed Gil, right? Yeah. I signed into a contract 10 albums, 1500. Right. What did he get on signing? Five tens s Respect he signed because it was looking big. He like, oh yeah bet I signed him. Nigga ain't no nothing. He was a college dropoff. Yeah he was a college drop off. Yeah. So what happened was I come up with it, I'm like listen we gonna do this shit. Yeah. Because the roles that I that we play now is the same Rose Gil Gil just like he, he was, you know I rap too at the time. But Gil was just, he was really into it. And I'm like, and I'm telling him like, nigga you really, really good nigga. Yeah. He like, what? I'm like, come on, we going to the studio.


I had my man's nut Peanut taking him to the studio and Gil didn't really, he really wasn't with it. So I'm reading magazines Puff, I'm reading magazines and motherfucking master p and all them. I'm like look at this nigga man, this nigga killing them rap pages magazine. I'm like this is what we gotta do the independent shit. Gillie like man I ain't fuck all that shit man. You tripping. Right. He start going and so what I would do is once we go to the studio, we'd do a couple songs back in the day they used to add these tapes, cassette tapes? Yeah. Maxi joins but it'll be like they had joints. It's three minutes long, five minutes long and then you had a 90. All this shit I go get, I go steal a bunch of tapes, put it on the tapes and I'd take 'em and get all the drug dealing niggas I knew that had car systems and they'd be banging that shit.


Yeah. And he'd be like, yo man, the boy can't do banging that shit up. Say because I told you you hot. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. I was his manager, a record label owner. I was all that shit. Probably pr, all that shit. And no I just, I just believed, I just knew something like and that's, and so when I came back home it was like it's on, yeah we gonna do it in a different way. And I know, I know my part that I play, he play his part and that's why the fuck we win. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. At the end of the day when we go in the game, I know Gil gonna score 30. I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get a couple fouls. I'm gonna do what I, I'm gonna disrupt distract the people and I'm gonna do me on the fi on on a court. You know what I mean? Yeah. That's how I know they beat y'all to on too. Yeah. We beat the shit outta them. No, no, no.


They gonna beat y'all. You fucking crazy. You nev listen T you never got a four pointer in a big three. He's better than you nigga holding on then. Fuck it that shit. Yeah do. He's a shooter. I'm a shooter. DJ's a shooter bro. DJ can lock you up and then you trying to because he disrespect your game. He trying to act like he don't, he not gonna play or I'll let you play him like, like you ain't. Who the fuck nah aint play 1 0 1. Cut this shit outta DJ man. Jamal Crawford been ducking him for a year now. Jamal Crawford, I'm tired of that nigga. Gimme JJ Crawford. The song Steven Jackson ducking for two fucking years. You ready? Nigga Tell me where I'm pulling up.


He scared He ain't even DM me back. I crossed the shit outta aint tomorrow no more. Man. I'm tired of talking about man Jamal's scared to death. I seen a was it like a straight up 5 0 5 or just three dribbles with you and Jamal? No they ain't talking about how you cook my man look, don't say it. Y'all seen it? Y'all seen the video. Don't say Mitchell. He cooked the shit out him give, I knew he was about to say that. You seen what I did. Gil gonna keep it real. I got two movies off. Gil gonna keep it real because you cooked them. I was Gil gonna keep it real. That's camera fucking keep it real. I got, I got two, three points off on him. I ain't, I I I'm never supposed to get no points off.


I got two points. Two. No I had six. He had six points. The score, fucking score 10 to seven. Think about that shit. What you mean he won? He wasn't playing hard. I'm gonna play hard. Yeah. Fuck you mean I wasn't playing hard. Okay, talk to him. I can't, I'm a real player too. I can't like you, you, you just going then he played say up 60% and I'm going a hundred percent. No nigga, I'm nice to nigga. Alright. Fuck you. Me. Oh yeah, we gonna get documented. So what we pull up to Philly where you wanna pull up to? Oh, oh, oh. Let the record reflect. Let the record reflect. See y'all can know. That's why don't disrespect it. Don't play with him. My fucking game I ran up on bro.


Nigga, when we checking the rock up, Brian. Oh that McDonald's on American. I said what he did run up on? I said when we and I see your son too. What's up? Ain't nothing happened. I was shit happen so. Yeah y'all talking about like fucking hat the was was 15 He Brian like serious brown, let's stick it up man. I said alright cool. But it was 15 basketballs there. He didn't do nothing.


Alright So you I told Rich Paul that I said nigga what's Brian? I called Brown out nigga the fuck is you talking about Man. So where you want me to pull up at? Come on man. We can do out here this weekend bro. I heard that. I'm here. All right Corey now come tomorrow we gonna line it up. Yeah we gonna line it up man. Come on man. Why y'all keep trying to get a nigga playing a footlocker? Man They got a court. They got a court. They ain't got no real fucking court. Yeah they they to foul me into some. No it's it's not activation ain't one the motherfucking shield top and all that shit. Nah, that's a real activation. Nah, we gonna lie up for sure. They got a whole, you ain't see the three where is it at Big three?


No you ain't See listen cut. You ready? Oh hold on. Fuck all that. You get on Sha talking all that goofy ass shit nigga. We saw your ass in the motherfucking lobby. We told you we can go right now nigga. Yeah you told your assistant where my, where my Amex card at? We gotta get outta here. I gotta go practice. I had, I had to do bro. Nah you just sat down with Shane and was like nah that nigga ducking me. Talking about T calling me Duck. Duck didn't tell that thing the OG we do no fucking lying nigga ducking me.


Listen I'm gonna say this, I'm you know and when I got them big points in the big three I came down who gained my props 'cause Clyde Drexler. I said, I said I'm looking like you. He said no baby, you looking better than me. I see it was over after that. It was over after that. He said 71 man Clive's legend your way. Fucking legend Q was hitting on me year two. He I be like damn cu I strike No wow. I'm just listen going the bench. We need you over there. I said Q what the fuck are talking about? He said Wallo let Gil do it. You just listen. I need you with me on the bench.


Fuck you need me. You ain't even on bench. You standing up nigga. I said Q what the, I said alright you right when I I got the big plays. I said see I we been the fuck up. You got nurse girl we sitting out there. Yeah that's big big points he can eat out there yelling nigga I'm a granddaddy nigga, I'm a grandpa. He cooked it because he was fucking professional. He was trying play. That's they to play like wasn't lie. Yeah, yeah. Real different. But when you ever seen a tween, tween, tween. Yeah think about that. Niggas in the proves not even doing that. They not doing this shit. I shit. Tween, tween, tween, falsey mountain off snatching back behind the back straight to a jumper. No cus cus nigga everybody do that Ain't no Newman.


They disrespect you. Newman listen to me cus they disrespect. That was pro never did no shit in high school. You seen Jeff go tween never tween, tween a nigga garden throws it out, bring it back straight behind the back to a justice shit I did in high school. Show me I I mean my shit cry You hey cus lemme never did no shit like that. We gonna let the record you always yourself to shoot y'all, y'all y'all man there's a lot of hate going on a lot of motherfuckers. Hello Keto. Hey cus hold up, hold up.


A lot of motherfuckers be talking shit 'cause give him top, give him 10 motherfuckers. You are cooking NBA right now. Give 10. Oh yeah give 10, give him 10 Be talking. Listen this nigga about to lie shit motherfuckers you'll cook this in the league right now. Cook too because listen, Mitchell already said you could shoot better than a lot of people in the league so go ahead. I shoot better than 60% of the league right now but go 10 motherfuckers. You barbecue right now in the league. Come on cousin. This make him give him five because I don't be knowing these young niggas names man. Okay Rob Dylan hand. Hell crazy. Go ahead. S 10, that's one you disrespectful. You can't be Reed Shepherd nigga Reed Shepherd.


Come on, come on. Cus about Jose Alvarado bat three. He in the league? Yeah in the league. Fuck you New Orleans. What wrong with you? He in the league. Four niggas on the nets. That's yeah that's, that's seven. The white boy that back up Steph Curry. Alright you can't the lefthanded white boy. Oh I'm cooking him. He bootleg me. You think you can beat Isaiah Thomas, Colin Sexton?


Hell nigga are you crazy? No. Who else guys? Come on man. Hell no. It's one more. I know it's another team you, it's four people. You Ben Simmons. I ain't got the guard that nigga. Yeah he can't shoot Ben back. You see him with the Clippers? The fuck outta here. 12 points. Y'all niggas talking about he back. He back baby if I there with 12 points. I'm crying that night nigga. He had a good guy. The fuck was wrong with you today? How many you average in high school? He Oh he got the record man. Come on man. Don't play with me all time assist leader man. The greatest high school. I said points. No I said points all time. Assist leader. The greatest high school Philadelphia ever had. Nigga I started at Ben Franklin dog fucking legendary Coach Kenny Hamilton.


Fuck you talking about? Sent everybody to the fucking league bro. How many points you have? Yeah I don't, I don't give fuck About about points Say all time assist leader. Let's just say this. How many points you have? Lemme just say this. When I was in high school, the top three guards in the city was me, a kid named Sean Smith and a kid named Rashid Bay. Now that's what every daily news article said. Every inquire article said if Ted er ain't call your mother's house and get an interview And you wasn't in the motherfucking daily news, you wasn't nothing.


I lived in a daily news nigga. What we talking about? Yeah but the first game, the first game he came to Right Tesser came to right we was playing the public league leading score. Right. Got the nigga out of there. 22 and nine and five. Bro. What we talking about bro? Nigga we ain't talking about how many points you, I dunno To your career Just I'm just giving you, I'm just giving He You cus I'm just giving you Listen, Chay, Gil and Gillard listen to Listen to me like see our high school wasn't like y'all's bro. Like what y'all niggas got one good nigga that shoot all the time.


Five Niggas gonna Be one. Everybody on our fucking team went to college. You gotta understand Teams were so good that niggas that didn't even get in was going to college. That's my team. No it's not your team. You my first. You went to college? No, Courtney Lee, He was gunning. Courtney Lee and Robert Bay went to the NBA. They was on my team as a freshman. I to cook Courtney Lee too though. Damn seriously That's 11. That's 11. That's 11. But before get outta here, gimme One more Team C. Where you cook? Four niggas on the team. You said the next gimme one more team. Where you cook? Four niggas. It's a lot of team Toronto. Oh shit. Just 15 for rappers. Who? They guards. Nigga You aint better than RJ Berry. You rj Grady Dick Better Forward quickly.


Ah, Grady Dick. See I ain't ski that. I'm not saying that. That's not on duty. You won't cooky Dicks. What? Shout the TV Manuel. Here You go. Gotta use a nickname. You take Manuel quickly? Yes Bro. Alright, wrap the shit. Listen, Stop bro. Emmanuel Herky jerky and all that. But I'm a get mines dog. I will cook anybody bro. I'm a natural scorer. Simple. How many points did he average in high school? You know yet? 14. We ain't gonna find out. So you average 14. 10. Okay. He said that 14. Quiet as hell. I mean I had a bunch of ballers man.


Nah respect man. It's crazy though. Nah, definitely before we get outta here man. Sl y'all man getting that Super Bowl man. That's rights sl to y'all man. Greatest on Earth man. It felt good to see y'all. Greatest man. Greatest on greatest team on Earth man. Y'all Had a squad? That's my squad. I cry man. Yeah, congrat one though. You know I, I believe Green. I cry. Who your team? I'm a Falcons fan. They bums man. Come over here. My yo fucking bums who we are. Shout out to my, my my homie though. Ray, Ray McLeod. Shit. Yeah, Ray Ray. Shout out to Ray Ray but listen man, he gonna get him on Eagles 'cause we like that nigga name man. Yeah, Ray Knight man. That nigga named Ray Ray. He gonna get, you know he from the ghetto Can't go back. He gonna Get busy nigga. My Eagles man. We Eagles now.


What? Fuck you mean? Yeah, they my Eagles. Oh come on man. You know we did it. We the biggest on Irv. No, hold up. Hold up. He to fly some like hold, hold hold me, me before the parade yesterday me and Quan had a, a real conversation. Oh. He said man, I said listen we not gonna, we not gonna go back and forth about this. You my favorite player. And I said, because we gonna, we gonna get to the point of this shit because I'm trying to figure out what's the issue because me and you switched teams this year. So we even needed Yeah that's, We both switched teams. Oh me and Sanon team did. Shoot, who was your team last year? The Chiefs. But I'm just saying man, like I'm just letting people know man. Like I came on, that nigga was a Tampa fan.


He was out that motherfucking parade with was Tampa. That shit was a nice shindi. That was my squad back then, but shit Rams man, get the fuck out. Shit. Hey that nigga thought what was a wrestler? Yo that the this I'm sitting down right? I'm in Miami, right. So I'm in, I forget the name of that hotel. So I'm sitting is Subo and I'm talking to somebody and I just turn around like wow low. I'm like, yo man, what's going on man? I'm the whole thing. I'm saying okay this is the boy that be fighting snow coal in there. Right. Motherfucker was huge. I'm like what the, this dude I'm so everything about us.


Like he a wrestler. So, so our assistant at the time, he walked away. I'm like, damn dude. Wwe because he was like, yo man, I gotta get with y'all on the podcast. I'm like yo, all right, cool man. And I'm like damn, how we gonna talk about wrestling? So he walked like right over there, disappear him. She's like, Walla, you know who that is, right? Said that's Aaron Donald. I said no. He said call fucking Gillie. I called Gillie. I said, yo man, some boy, the wrestler boy named Aaron Donald just going. He said Aaron Donald, where the fuck is he at? He, he ain't no fucking wrestler wrestling that nigga was he. I'm like damn. You know. So that was his. But he wound up being on one of my teams. He won a chip nigga.


Crazy. For sure. Man, listen man, we gotta get up outta here. But listen, we wanna say thank y'all again man. We appreciate y'all man. For sure. Y'all motivate us man. Keep motivating the world. We appreciate y'all man. Love man. Much luck. You doing your thing man. Appreciate For sure man. For sure. It's been out man. Listen, we outta here. Same place, same time Mitchell and this. We appreciate y'all love as always. Shout out to Ray, shout out to D. Get well soon my boy. We'll be back next time. Club five 20, The


Volume. Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report,


The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and Victory, nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness with Lenovo Legion, laptops, towers, and the new award-winning Legion go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam os. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with Towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the Legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out Lenovo dot com slash legion. Lenovo Lenovo, Empowering creators everywhere.


Get in the zone auto zone. Welcome to the A to Z savings event at AutoZone. Thanks. I need to change my oil. So how much is an oil filter Free when you buy five quarts of oil? Right now we have a special on Valvoline, advanced, full synthetic, or high mileage motor oil. The oil filter is free with the Valvoline Advanced, full synthetic or high mileage motor oil. Yep, the free oil filter is part of the A to Z savings event. Only at AutoZone. Get in The zone. AutoZone Restrictions apply.


Welcome to TGL presented by SoFi Golf's newest league. It's sharp and it's electric. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime. Forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24. The best players from the PGA tour this Tuesday. Jupiter Lynx versus New York Tiger Woods, max Homa, Tom Kim, Kevin Ner taking on. Matt Fitzpatrick. Ricky Fowler, Xander Shope, Cameron Young. Tune in tonight for TGL only on ESPN and ESP n plus. Keep up, it's golf.