
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season, I'm competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events. Tune into my new podcast, throttle Therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart Women's Sports Production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did


The Volume. All right, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Same gang with me to my left. I got my dog Bishop be he out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty. What's happening brother? Rick, what's happening? I see you got the fourteens on. I ain't get the memo but you tapped in. Oh, the Kenny K. This was an accident bro. Fresh as fuck. Yeah. Fuck with them. Some of my favorite 14. All pull these out today. I man, shout to Jay, us sso. You know what I'm saying? Getting that, that I thought you was gonna pull out the white forces to commemorate you put the license in there. Yeah. S yeah. I fuck with it. But yeah bro, it is. That was big man. I'm glad y'all niggas took me to that. Yeah, s for sure. Man. Let me ask you this though, since we, I mean I know we ain't did all the introductions, whatever.


I, shit, how did like Well we can, let's shut. No, we're here. Alright. I'm Jeff Teague my way. They call me Nacho. Whatever you wanna call me. I got the fourteens on. I don't even know which ones these are, but whatever. How did you like going to your first wrestling event? I ain't gonna lie. That shit is like, let's start off with the bullshit. Yes. Mm. So I got in there, you know the hose was there. It was lead. Oh you mean the women were wrestling? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, we gotta be clear. Well it is what it is. It was real 65,000 people. So over some holes in that bitch. For sure. Not the ones you wanted to see. No for. They didn't have teeth. They didn't have teeth. It might have been a thick trailer truck, trailer track in there.


I seen the bitch with no teeth. Put a fat ass in there. She was a midget. I mean she was a small person. Nah, but for on some serious shit dog. That was a, a great experience. You know what I mean? I, as I told y'all, the wrestling is entertainment and fake might be a bad word for y'all. So, but when I seen Buddy get his head through there, he didn't, you know what I mean? He got his head through that. That ladder letter. Yeah. And my boy didn't move. I said, oh, so niggas do really get hurt. Facts. Yeah. It's just, you know, an art of the entertainment and I had a FI had more fun fucking with the crowd than, you know. Yeah. That's the best thing about the live, like going to a live show is the crowd, the interactions with people. Yeah. You see old men locking up, wearing Randy Savage costumes and shit.


It's just really a kind of a unique vibe in there. It is. And it's all walks of life in there too. I think that's what I appreciated the most. Like I guess they were saying some racism shit out. We wasn't around, we was around the vibes. But yeah, to see Italian motherfuckers, the Chinese motherfuckers, our people like yeah that was lit. Everybody there for the, for the entertainment and enjoying themselves. Man. I remember one dude got mad at us 'cause we was standing, we trying to get in our seats and we were standing up and you know me, I get, I can get mad easy. Nigga was like, move like move sit down. I was like where the fuck you want me to go? Don't you see I'm trying to get in my seats and I just got shitty. I was like dick head like fuck. See you fucking up the vibes though.


I am. Look, he ain't have to to kill locker room obviously we was trying to sit down like motherfucker, I don't wanna be standing up. Nah bitch in my seats is up here. Nah that shit, that shit is dope. I'm walking past you. Yeah, I'm walking. I'm up front. I'm sitting in the front. How was y'all seats had good seats. Yeah I was second. I was second row by Kai Patreon. Patreon said next time you gotta take me and my me and Mal to the, to the show you nigga y'all, y'all was there. Them niggas was there. No, right next to us. The entire time. Literally Malcolm was sitting next to me in second row. They said I fuck up too much. That's why I'm invited to. Nah. Mal was on do fuck up a lot. Literally. But Malcolm sit right next to me. You know nephew. Nephew? He here? Nah, freaky Mike tapped in boy.


He said Kyle not streaming team. He said I need all the recipes and he still ain't gonna apply it still ain't got the photos. Hell nah. Well he got no photos from Wrestle Bay. Malcolm been videotaping my high school team for three months. I ain't got a clip. Oh Matt was, Matt was sitting next to me at Royal Rumble. I ain't got a video. Jay uso and one did a back flip. I still ain't posting nothing. It's alright though man. Y'all doing y job. I fuck with y'all. Shout out to production team man. Man Who? Whoever brought us those tickets. Thank you. Yeah, shout for everybody who thought I paid for those tickets. Y'all know was shout out to shout out to the game these seats. Man. We appreciate it because you know what I mean?


We was out, we was at Wrestle. What Royal Rumble did y'all really think Jay Hoop show was gonna win though? I did. I had. That's y'all shit. But what's nigga man niggas ca was scared to come outside to know Uber boy. Niggas had to walk to get to that transit boy. 14 degrees. That was the worst part of the night. Free free Dirk. I just wanted literally that was when it started. More time I get on my knees and pray to our lives. I think from here on out we park at the whatever garage is near. Yeah we just paid for parking. We shoulda just left that whatever sport of Tys that was in, that's what we should've did because YouTube don't know. But we walk from Lucas Oil stadium to the Alexander the way they just keep talking while I'm delivering this message.


Right. It's great and cold. It was cold as fuck outside. Swear to God bro. That was, that was trash. I I don't my mama bro. It was too cold. It was cold as fuck. But I had so much fun I didn't give a fuck bro. And the fire part is you get to like if you sitting on the floor you can take your seat. That shit hard. Nah, that's a fire ass. I got, I took a chair outta there. Y'all my for the rest of the community. I know y'all was mad at me. Y'all, we just, y'all took what I said outta context. They really don't get hit sometimes. And that's all I was saying. It was fake but I fuck with the sport. Yeah I was gonna say, oh he called it a sport. Hey we did morning time. I'm get on my knees and pray. I fuck with the sport you gotta be at seeing my favorite nigga ever. Raymond Stio. That was hard part of that grave. You called him a jalapeno? Yeah, the first jalapeno to come up out of that grave like that.


And he's not dead. He was in there motherfucker. He said he's not dead. He's not dead. Yeah. I got no video. I swear to God my nigga really came out there. Shout to Raymond Stio. I, I fuck with that. That was literally my favorite part of the show. Did you see him when he went face to face with fta? Yeah that was hard. That was hard bro. So he was like passing a torch if you ain't know he was passing the torch with Yeah, I didn't know there was, there was so many of them in the building. I couldn't tell. So the funny part is when they first started talking they threw they, he said, he said throw his gang gun. Oh God. Six nine Eric Cole. Nah bro. Raymond Studio seeing Raymond Studio when I was a kid I was like damn for him to be out there bro. He was the most athletic nigga in the ring yesterday. Nah. Yeah bro. He wasn't the most athletic. Nah bro.


He was flipping all over the ring yesterday bro. He not more athletic rapping his legs around. See Raymond Studio? That was he not more athletic. That was before the Me Too movement. What he not he not consent finisher. He yeah het that. That little girl that was strong little strong. I nigga she's so, she, she legit, Ray must Ray's three athletic but he not like Fanon now. And his heyday, he was the best. But now bro, I'm I'm giving him that because of how old he is. That's, I respect LeBron Royal. He LeBron? Yeah he LeBron like for real bro. He was in there like wrapping his legs around that man's neck. That's crazy. Morning time jumping, jumping off the rope though. Like he lasts a little longer in there too.


Shit than he did. And shout out to Roman Rains too. Yeah, Roman rains. He he, he, that dude. Oh God. He that dude when he walked out he nigga do that. That's hard. He didn't got the most swag bro. He think he got more swag than Jay Luso. He yeah bro. He alright. If you was wrestler Ja Jay USO is like a fan favorite. Roman Reigns is who I would like, would want to be. Alright. If you was a wrestler, who would you compare you to? Like if you had to pick a wrestler, you gonna be, you gonna be Roman res? Well I, well my build is Rahi but my swag is for sure Roman Range bro. R DJ for sure bro. I'm Sean Michaels bro. You Sean. Michaels my swag part.


I'm like Rob Van Dam. Hey shout out to Rob Van Dam. He was turned, no he was lit. I'm like RVD and he had a batty with him more time. Hey Rob Band name is a legend I'd out the gate. I wanna say this on here I show speed Pops and Lil Brother. Y'all my niggas bro. Real niggas man. Shout phone with y'all ass night. Pause. But y'all, y'all was lit bro. That's tight. Put me on game two about the wrestling. Shit that was hard. So you, I ain't, you like you said the surroundings bro made that shit so fun. We randomly was next to Kanye. Speed pops up front. Yeah, speed making that appearance bro. And getting speared like that was funny as hell. You could tell nigga really got hurt. Let me shout my boy OSHA too.


Oh yeah, shout osha Yeah was lit bro. They make that environment dope and I fuck with that. Yeah he hey he really tapped in the wrestling. I know y got a PO wrestling podcast. You and your man's, I I don't know your man's name sitting next to us but y'all are super cool and y'all was putting me on more game about wrestling. I appreciate that. And we gonna tap in, we gonna get you on a, on the pod. I y'all pod too so hell yeah. It's gonna be fired up but it was, it was cool to see him like so into it. He got two belts. It's like damn, you know he taking pictures with the fans with the belts. I'm like damn he really tapped in bro. But nah bro, for that's dope. And shout out to Kai's cameraman too bro. Kai, you the goat. But that's, that's the other goat. Your camera man walking around making sure you straight bro. And your team that's fired bro. And your security od nah, shout a doing his job.


That's my guy. Yeah we had a good time. My cameraman like you said bro, he on that camera straight bro. No brace, no nothing bro. Fibers never seen nobody work ethic like that in my life. Nah, that's the, I always wanted to meet him. We got cameraman. Nah, no, no. Hey oh oh our production team. Shout to my niggas for sure. But I was like for that, that whatever your name is bro. He did not miss a beat beat closer to my kids. Had the book bag on with the wifi in the bag carrying that big ass camera. That was fire five 20 would never, Mike ain't never done. That's not our budget. You know what Michael say?


I I didn't sign up for that. Yeah y'all said podcast. I didn't say live streaming all day. He like, he in there talking the whole time. I'm spending 40,000 spend 40,000 if you want to. You guys complain apply by, let that let that equipment sit in here you guys about that. You guys complain when I say get new camera, you guys want lenses. Let that shit sit in here. I said get new cameras. We just need new lenses. Kai got a gun nigga follow. He got a human being. Kai has, you know what now we here now we here. No we're here. Hit a nerve. The guy has the cameras below ours. First of all he has the cheaper lens that we got the First time.


First of all, he just got a 40,000 backpack. Why the fuck you ain't get the back right now? Listen, I don't do too much of the finance talk but if that gets approved I got some other shit that needs to go through talking. Oh DJ my things and we got 40 Gs to blow. I'm show I do listen we what we need for the book bag. I want y'all to get to follow me around. He got wifi bro. When we couldn't, none of us had signal. I did text y off did I uploaded my shit in the arena. I was wrong. My signal. Well I got on Twitter we was lit all night. Yes sir. My momma, I don't got Twitter but more time get on. Nah, but Sean's a wrestling. I'm not gonna say I'm a a fan fan bro, but I fuck with the event.


I'm a fan of the environment for sure. I'm probably never really gonna get into wrestling like that but I respect everything that y'all do. I appreciate you going man and having a good time man. Man. Like nah facts. Shout to the game. We love gang outers man listen we got lots to talk about man. A lot of crazy shit going on the NBA man. Let's go ahead and get started. Be here. What we doing tonight man? Well I wanna start off. Well we know Luca, you know we dropped the bomb Shout to off for fucking with us. We the real news around this bitch. Turn me up Luca. That we, we got into that for sure. But I, I feel like we kind of said it. Dre Fox to San Antonio though. Yeah, let's talk about it man. I low, I don't know the, all the details of that trade. I got you right here brother.


Don't you trade? Are you excited to see Weby and Dion Fox play? Yes bro. I am too. I kind of think I was one of the first to say it. You did. I mean but we all talked about Trey Young, Dion Fox getting with Weby, one of them. Yeah. But I'm excited to watch them grow together 'cause they both young talents. Yeah bro, let me just run through list of who, whoever who got who. Okay. Spurs got Dera Fox and Jordan McLaughin, your old teammate. Yep. The King's got Zach Levine C cso. Not too familiar with that gentleman. Three first round picks, second round picks. Bulls get Kevin Cher, Zach Collins, Trey Jones and they own 2025 first round pick back man. Kings came up. You get, I mean the Kings got a lot of draft pick three. Hell yeah they got six.


But what about the Kings? Like what do you do with that? I, I know you got DeMarr Rose and you just got another player that you already got and DeMarr Rose and Malik Monk and Zach la hell nah. So all let's stay here. Do we expect them to do any more moves? They have to make another choice. Okay. I was gonna say I have to, I I didn't think that this move was because they were about to finalize. I think they're gonna probably make another move. We saw DeMarr Rose talking like hey you know if we moving this around, I pull up here because y'all had a team that was ready to get add me to compete, not rebuild. Now DeMarr Rose goes to where, that's a question I've been thinking of. Let's go to Memphis bro. DeMarr rose of Memphis. It's not bad.


I don't hate it. I don't hate that at all. I don't love it but I don't hate it. I'm trying to think of what team would need his type of skillset. A finisher pause a closer I should say. Not a finisher a reliable bucket too. Yeah, a closer capable can get you a bucket down the stretch. I mean Memphis is not bad. They need another closer. I think J's a closer but he would definitely help. He would definitely help. I don't know. And he ain't scared of the moment. I don't know. Where do you think? I don't know. I can't think of it. Like you, you, you go through the top teams in the west. Ok C probably not looking for services. Houston probably not as well. Who's three out there? I forgot off hand. But you go through the, the Nuggets can't go to the Lakers no more.


Absolutely. You just got Luca, they need a Lakers need a big now Clippers definitely don't need another wing. I the rose and could go to the Lakers. No, no, no I wouldn't do that to him. It's too much wing depth. They got Austin Reeves, Luca, LeBron, they have to get a big, they gotta get, they need Valentini or you can get a big too bro. They should get Voch ain't never too much talent for the Lakers bro. Bro bro bro could play whatever they need a like live threat big though. Like, like a lively. They need a, they ain't getting him. They need flin Capella. I could see that like a defensive big that can catch a live 'cause now you got Luca who play well in pick and roll and a great live thrower.


They just ain't got enough shooting though around them. They dude got Ruy still. And did you see that? They, they ain't got no shooting. Yeah. Did you see that? They was talking about the trade. They was like well and that Lakers trade, they was like we want to get like one of those bigs back And they was like nah y'all need to shoot and take max sleep. But they was like done. It was like y'all coulda got lo with another big, they helped replenish this. They was like nah, I get what you get those shit. Oh they got Maxi Kleber? Yeah and that ad train. Oh that's different. Maxi is good bro. Yeah he got got murder. He was just hurt a lot this year. But yeah. Yeah I like yeah. Okay hold on now the Lakers got a power forward and a big, they just need a big now. Yeah. Jackson, Hazel not cut it. No, no, no. He's not.


He not they need Clint Capella somewhere around. I ain't mad Clint. How you feel about Valenti? I like Valenti Cevi. He don't, he don't play on defense. He don't no type of defensive presence. That's why I said Clint Capella would be a little better for defense 'cause he ain't, he don't need no scoring big. No the scoring is taken care of. You just need somebody who's gonna roll hard to the basket and catch a lot with Lu. Yeah you got Austin Re you got LeBron, you got Luca, you got Ru dust. The scoring is that's, that's already done. You are great. I'm surprised nobody asked for like LeBron in the train. I would've tested Roberta Bluff. Matter of fact you won't look good. I need bro. I swear to God if I was Dallas, I've been like I bet you on Luca.


Hey if they would've trade bro and LeBron didn't know bro, he might've really booted NBA up. He would've what? He would've bro would've been live. Nah, he would've went crazy. Yeah. Leave my son alone. Leave my son whole League.


The action is always heating up on the field at the Draftking sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draft King Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's called CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. If you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio. This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdowns is key to hoisting the trophy and you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draftking Sports Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sports Book app and use code Bobby Sports. That's code Bobby Sports for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort, Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, cdk eng.co/audio.


Hey, It's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville, we're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They Changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it Yeah. You was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events. Starting at the Indy 500. Join me as a travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing, I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from karting to nascar, even Formula One, whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut.


And we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to Throttle Therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart Women's Sports production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports. Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL General manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL History? I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First, where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. Along with my co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes first, CEO we're pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together.


You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension. Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent Shock Shockwaves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars like Dak Prescott, Tua Viola and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the First time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their client signing on the dotted line. Listen to the Athlete's First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


But yeah, I'm, I'm excited to see D Fox and Wind bro. That's crazy. And they kept Castle. Who you more excited to see? Well we said he had to give it up. Yeah, I didn't think they was gonna be able to keep Castle. That's crazy. What's after the price of what you got looking for yesterday? That's why I said everything. All the dice about to roll now. So who did it? They lost Trey Jones? Yeah, couple first rounds and who? Zach. Zach Collins? Yeah. And get what's on. Shit. I'm hell with that. Huh? How fuck was Zach Collins though? Yeah but I gladly him up for D Fox. No I love Trey Jones D Fox, I mean Trey Jones. Z Collins for Dion Fox and some couple for Album. Man we won Buck them first Round Pigs bro. And we get to keep Castle. What they got a whip bro.


You got Harrison Bars. Okay. So I wanna see how they play off run too. Is CP going to the bench now or is he starting not on this team? He's not anymore. I'm just asking you. You are a golden state warrior bro. Whatever he Steph you doing that with us And no disrespect to Chris Ball bro. We just tried to you because I wanted to play in store. Yeah, things change. Nah but you 20 years in. Hey man I can't wait till Pop get back healthy man. When pop get back he be like damn I got a pointing guard and I got wind pop. Might as well just sit it out. Nah, he this gave him some new life bro. You know Pat Riley bro. Nah bro. Pat sit it out young boy doing a good job. He put 35. Yeah he he going crazy This's the second time fill in two ball.


Fox finna do what Deonte Murray was supposed to do. What you mean shit like and give some to Deontay Murray He tore. Nah, hell crazy. Hell nah. I love you. Yeah, no bro. I'm definitely like one of your biggest fans so far as the game of basketball. But I feel like De and Fox like it's going turn San Antonio back up. They try to get the keys to Deonte Murray bro. He, he hooped. Nah he did his motherfucking big one but I'm saying now they got Wendy now they ain't get, they ain't get Deion the Deontay Murray. I ain't gonna do that. Ain't they ain't give him enough time. No. Nah. 'cause he didn't have no other piece to really rock. Nah, that's he made the Allstar team between that time bro. That's what I'm saying. Like he's passing, I ain't gonna say passing the torch but I'm saying now you're in Fox's there nigga with Weby now it's gonna look like Nigga we trying to get this back to Tim Duncan and Tony Parker and Mon.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. They, they about they on that they castle is they motherfucking role player or I'm gonna say Deonte Murray had the, they handed him the keys with nothing. Yeah. Facts. Nah. And I ain't saying DeMar and LaMarcus was nothing but but it was, they had to put it together. Deonte Murray was supposed to bring the team back up. I'm not blaming him. I'm just saying that's what, that was the goal when he made the Allstar team bro. They was, they was lit. He was lit bro. He he still to do that in the small market. He's still lit but so now Dre Fox's there it's like damn Whit win. Yeah but I'm saying like the Johnson them dudes was like traded in usually San Antonio like groom all they players. Yeah they was a group home at that point. Yeah they they usually bring along by like Tim Duncan was drafted there.


David Robinson was drafted there. Mano was drafted there. Tony drafted there. They make all these players, Tiago Splitter all them. They went and got DeMar. They went and got LaMarcus. He is all from trades free agency. They didn't even have San Antonio do it. Yeah. So Deonte was hand some keys with some people. That San Antonio is a weird environment. Yeah. Like when, when Bud came from San Antonio to Atlanta and me being a part of Atlanta before he got there. But what he brought the culture was weird. Like I'm like man move around nigga. I don't wanna be our friends like that. Like nigga I go out every night and he like, well we going have team dinners.


If you don't come you'll look like you look like an asshole. You know what I mean? Well I eat, I go to the titty bar to get some food. These niggas going to Maggiano. I'm like I don't eat that shit. But as you started growing it's like damn everybody going. You the only one I showing up. You look weird. And especially when he the GM and the coach is like, oh let me get my ass over here. You know what I mean? Yeah bro. He was out pocket for going to the mall against B Chicken. Nah, I wasn't have the far at that time. I wasn't going to the mall. The real team building. I was going to Tootsies. I was going to Yeah the real mall. Yeah. Get all all you. Everything's for sale. All you can eat.


This nigga's fucked up. More time dinner to go get to Sies. Yeah I would go get chicken wings from the strip club. We were trying to build the camaraderie of the team. Yeah. I would go to trying to build my night bro. I'll see how I work tomorrow to Sunset. I would go wherever else to get chicken wings I wouldn't worry about. And then when I realized he was a GM and the coach, I started gonna Maggiano's and just sitting there. But one thing I realized is just a Teague. All right, here we go. Story time with Teague. I realized that they pay for everything. So you know what I do? I start my night early bring to 42. I need six shots of 42. This nigga here, nah, you know what I order order 42 at Maggiano.


Crazy. You know who, who I got it from on the Hawks budget? Damari Carroll. He was like, they pay for everything. He is like gimme a bottle of wine. Like they ain't about to order a whole bottle of wine. So Maggiano's was the pre-game. I mean we went to every, we went to, I'm just saying Magi. But we went to every No but I'm saying yeah we went to every premium restaurant in whatever city was in and it was on Coach Bud. Well whoever the owners was and they order wine. I mean our bill gonna be 15. Yeah. 15,000 a night. But we did it every road trip. But do you feel like that was bringing everybody together though? It was. 'cause I started getting close with Kyle Al people that I wasn't even talking to. You remember I was there with Joe Smooth. Yeah Josh. Yeah. And we wasn't doing none of that.


Me, me at blah blah blah. At 12. Yeah that's what we was on. Ain't on your own. So at 10 o'clock I'm hanging out with these dudes. We talking, we building and we start winning games. So now it's like we all become a family and they teaching me real game. Like not say Joe and Smooth wasn't but they like hey man you pay off your credit. You know your credit is your credit right. I'm like yeah. I mean I hope shit I don't know. They better be, did you meet with your financial advisor this month? I'm like yeah gimme another shot. What you say Kyle? You know what I mean? Yeah. So I'm on shot 10. So my, my Magic City night super lit. Yeah. I ain't gotta buy no drinks. They bought 'em off for me.


Yeah. Niggas niggas is asking for your credit card in Magic City. Most definitely. Nah, I I ain't look I everywhere we went like we, I swear to God that's what me and Shevin or I ain't trying to put you out there. She out here. We would go everywhere. Yeah. Show me back. We would go, we eating with the team. So he'd be like what? That's why Shell is where he is today. It's facts and and he'd be doing the one two and we be on that patrol and the Sprite. It wasn't 42 at the time I was talking shit but it was patrol and Sprite. Yeah. And we'd be drinking it and I'd be like shell you trying to go somewhere. He'd go do the proper thing. I got my girl, I was single at the time. I'm Mike Scott. What's happening? What we doing Brother Mike? Then he was single at the time.


We we gonna move around. We gonna go shovel to meet us in the morning. Yeah. So hopefully he was you in Fox. I'm gonna get off my naked. Hopefully Deer Fox in God win make that you know adjustment to Nah it's be team. I think that's a great connection. I wonder what the next move they gonna make. 'cause people sleepy. You brought this up the other day. Devon vests on the max deal. Yeah, I mean I think he and I like him too. I think he a good player. But you think they're gonna have to get another piece in there. They just gonna build through the draft. You know what's crazy Castle? I think he's a, I think he has a potential to be a star. He got that Kauai Leonard kind of demeanor. Demeanor. I agree. Like he be chilling. He don't talk much but he can guard, he can score.


And I think by year three he gonna be one of them guys. Like one of the top role players. I ain't gonna say a Jalen Williams 'cause he a all star this year. But he got potential to be like that. So I'll say this and I know this ain't fair because this is his first year but in three years, who you think is better between him and Thompson? Twin Thompson? Thompson already at the ceiling's higher. He crack, he cracking the door to be the bro. The ceiling's higher. And you, you talk about one from Detroit or No I'm talking about Houston. He's Houston. Yeah. The ceiling's higher for him. And the only thing about a boy in San Antonio is he playing with two better players. Like D and Fox is better than Jalen Green and Wendy is better than everybody over there.


For sure. He kind of the third option bro. So Thompson is, it could be like shit Thompson is our best player. I don't think niggas is mad over there in Houston. Nah. So and he already kind of knocking at the door like we just know he can't shoot. Yeah. But everything else we like shit. He ain't really lacking over Paul. He ain't really, you know what I mean? He getting 17 rebounds and shit. Yeah he getting it out the, but I seen Jaylee Green talk to his Brooks. He was like well he figured out a jump shot in three years. I'm like nah nigga that clock gonna be real quick. It ain't gonna be three. Well he learned how to shoot bro. What about a year and a half. It's gonna be ugly. That boy if he lock in and get with a shooting coach and he changes his jumper. Hey he got, he got Star written all over him.


Y'all know I be hating on Houston but I, I fuck with they how they rock with each other. I feel like Jalen Green don't have that job. Jain effect but how they 18 really rock with each other. Remind me of them young niggas that Okay. See Yeah like they really support each other. Yeah they they fuck with each other. Yeah. To me I feel like Jalen Green Con he don't have the J the Ja that Ja effect is only one. Nah different. Ja only it's only one. Ja. Yeah it ain't nobody else got that. Ja. Yeah That's not like the only person I ever seen make people feel that way. Paul is Derrick Rose. Yeah. And but Ja do he talk more he a more outgoing person. Yeah but D Rose is like, you seen him when we went to Chicago how much people loved like they teammates loved him. But that's how when you play for the Bulls, everybody would play defense and get him on the ball.


Like niggas wasn't doing that for me. Like y'all just gonna give you the ball to play defense nigga they used to be pulling me up on film session. Teague never fucking plays defense. Yeah like I'm like damn Kyle you a ho T you have to be, you have to crack down on the big like oh you a ho. Speaking about Chicago Nazi Muhammad, he's gonna beat your ass. Nah I'm about to beat your As. Nah, I'm about to beat his ass man. Funniest y'all. I can't talk about it because we can't pull it up. But that just made me think about Chicago. Nah, I was about to beat your ass. Er be Hey nah I was about to be B here in ass.


That was so funny. I I hit on that window. He looked dang. He so fast though. Here in ass. That's funny Johnson. I didn't mean to fuck up to Ham. That's funny. Nah, no that's funny. That's funny man. Nah, shout out to the Spurs man. Shout to Aaron Fox man. I'm very interested to see how this team will play going forward. Man they got that young star at a great time with Weby. They gonna really be a dangerous team going forward. No Weby happy as fuck. How do you feel about the Kings though? Like not the, I know everybody getting lost in the trade sauce but like Zach Levine, that is somewhere to die man I hate it.


What's crazy is they were talking about what they were gonna trade for stuff and what wasn't acceptable and then they were just like, all right cool, now we got Zach Levine, we wanted to get a player that we can win now with. And I'm like, what do you mean by that? How you winning with that squad? Yeah that's, that doesn't they have to do something else bro. Yeah, I refuse to think that that's the take all out. I hate, I ain't no hater but I just don't like the Kings. How they, I don't, I don't get it. I don't know. Yeah Trader Ray, all y'all guard, y'all drafted Davion Mitchell drafted Tyree Hall Burton drafted Dion Fox, all of 'em gone. Y'all, y'all took Marvin Bagley and no disrespect to homie like they, they don't deserve nice things. That's why I said like the beam for that one year. The beam is dead bro. Yeah everybody, all the players are gone.


Like if you, if you felt any type of way about Dre Fox, you should have just kept Tyree Ur like if you had any kind of second guess, you know what I mean? Re Oliver Burton was younger. He was on a a lesser deal. Yep. Because he just got back. If you had any kinda like damn, I don't know what Fox gone. He might leave. I don't know if he want be here all the way you got. Maybe that's too early to tell though brother. I mean but you drafted Tyrese Hallberg after you had D Aaron Fox already. You already know you made him fill away. Yeah. I don't care who you are. You made him feel away. And that was on purpose by the way. Yeah. That wasn't by this a happenstance. No that was on purpose.


He made him feel away. Mm. Right. I mean okay I've been a point guard and you draft a point guard. I feel away. I felt away when Dennis came like what the fuck y girl drafted point guard for? Yeah I'm here. You feel away. So if you knew in your heart, like even when you trade on, you might have nigga that feeling don't go away like yeah y'all, y'all second guess me. Like I wasn't him. So you wonder why he not signing his max extension. It's like y'all nah nigga y'all ain't y'all been Shay about me this whole time. I see where you coming from. Yeah. So if you know that in your head and then Tyrese was having success there, they should have got off D Fox. If I'm being real, I think Dion Fox a better player. I like Tyree Hall Burton too. I think they both really great players.


But at that time you made him feel way, you knew this was coming at some point. Yeah but he gonna get you back. Yeah. No Takebacks nigga Tyree is a pacer. I mean as he should be. And Ty Pacer's gonna do right by Tyrese. He gonna be here forever. Now what do you do with a bonus? Because that's probably your next, I mean if you're rebuilding shit blow the house up. I mean shit you have to, it's a bonus boy. He he gonna be a live ticket on that. On that trademark. Yeah. A lot of people want a bonus. Oh he number one. Which what's crazy? You know who really don't want him? The Pacers back here. What? He don't wanna come back, trade him back for miles turning. Oh okay. Oh y'all crazy. That's the only way y'all would be so hype.


Nah, they will be. It'd be what But Miles after go bro. If we trade him for miles, that's crazy. But I'm not gonna be mad. He everything the Pacers need dribble head, great rebounder rim row. I play pick and roll. I dribble hand. I don't have nobody to rebound like that. Everything that face was, we don't, I love my struggle with that. But he literally play, he would play great with Tyree. Celebrate if we had somebody, if we had like a legit rebounding big, we would be top three east. That'd be smooth. Yeah, that's what's crazy. It is like Miles was what needed for y'all to be successful. 'cause he is faced the floor and Ty can play how he played. But now that people kind of, not to say they figured him out but they kind of figured out his game a little bit.


So he been, it ain't a struggle. He still all star potential player. But people kind of figured him out a little bit. Figured the paces out a little bit. Now if y'all gets a bonus, that puts a whole different kind of pick and roll bro because his dribble handoff and what he can do. He'll more of a playmaker. Hell yeah. Now it makes Tyrese more of a score. He can get his threes off and whatever. I know it probably won't happen but it'll be a good fit for, Hey listen I'll wise little Saboni you can come home if you wanna bro. We locked in for sure. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what's gonna happen though. I like to say the floodgates have opened. I laughed because they had a report with Jimmy. They was just like go say wanted to get a deal done and he said I'm not signed an extension there so stop calling. That's what Jimmy told say, hey not signed.


Say I'm not sign Extension said here wait she time, he's at Memphis. I'm not going to Memphis. So where he want to go bro? Who knows bro. There's too much happening now. He gonna have to bro. He is whole minus Phoenix. I'm saying he only wants to go to Phoenix. I ain't gonna lie to you. Still gotta, he's a, I don't lie to I I love Jimmy Butler bro. But he really like you might fuck up your play bro. You are a fucking up a lot of players man. You know Mike and I wanted to ask you about that. You obviously know the fraternity and what goes behind the scenes with that. You think he's at that point to where he gonna get blackballed where it'll be his last contract? I don't want him to be that but I don't wanna put that in the air. But I got you my bad. You know what I mean? That's that, that's possible.


They've done it for less. They, you know what I mean? Yeah. We done seen Mellow bro. Who in the fuck we ever thought where Carmelo Anthony wasn't riding off to the sunset and he did nothing. Nothing bro. He did nothing wrong. He wasn't fashioning niggas do bro. But it just like bro, when you do mellow like that, one of the top 50 greatest players of all time. Yes sir. Niggas Idol, idol icon to us. Hell yeah. Like yeah, I don't know. You don't mind doing that to Jimmy? Yeah, I don't know bro. I just hope wherever Jimmy go after all this Hollywood ass shit he doing get back to basketball bro. Just who bro, please. I I love Jimbo. Please bro. But I just, I just seen people do like they did, they treated D Rose before.


Yeah. Played to his face bro. Yeah. So it's just like no I don't hope they don't play Jimmy. You know what I mean? Oh, speaking of that conversation KG brought up a point. I wanna say, hey offense about it the way that Jimmy's maneuver, you think that the NBA could get to a point to where they would try to like partially guarantee or just to get the next phrase? Yeah, they don't. That's the shit that's gonna happen bro. Yeah and you fucking up the church's money bro.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They Changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There Was something sentimental when you It was when when you send it. Yeah it is like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm Listen Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey you guys, I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing. I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from carting to nascar, even Formula One, whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut. And we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to Throttle therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL General manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL History? I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First, where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athletes' First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. Along with my co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes' first, CEO. We're pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together. You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension and Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent shockwaves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars like Dak Prescott to a Tonga, Viola and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the First time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their clients signing on the dotted line. Listen to The Athletes First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays. On Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race's. Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts and you will be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season run.


It is going to be more contracts like Zion. Yeah, autumn clauses. Yeah. All these clauses where you can I I don't gotta pay you 'cause if you go rogue or whatever type shit. That's what And I seen KG get mad about it. Basic. She saying we fought for that and I that's what's gonna happen so much money bro. Like for you to just sit out or I'm not doing this shit and still get break. I know he not getting prep paid right now. You know he is spending, he missing money. But that's problem. You could sit out for anything really. If Jimmy was to play it, if he wanted to get his money, oh Jimmy had to really do is go in there and play hard as fuck. Play as hard as he can have three or four good games and then my hamstring.


Yeah. Yes sir. And niggas would've never questioned if he got 30. He didn't complain or nothing. Just got 30, 30, 30 said he wanted to be traded. Hooped out four more games, pulled his hamstring allegedly. Nobody could question it. Like hey my shit tight. They gonna be like damn he just went for 30, 30, 30. You have it hooping. We know like he ain't bluffing 'cause he just killed but KG said what I've been saying bro, that that ain't cool bro. For the niggas that's trying to hoop bro. Yeah. I don't give a fuck about none of that money, shit, none of that bro. We rich bro. Come outta hoop, get your money. I get that. But this other niggas out here bro trying to win bro. We are trying to win bro. You fucking up the vibes bro. And the NBA is whatever y'all call it a fraternity bro.


It's a nigga with a chink in his armor though. Yeah. You about to fuck up the whole swag of the league bro. Yeah, because a moment like that could change NBA history. Like seeing Jimmy sit out or not on the hoop. Shoot one leg three, eventually they gonna be like, they gonna go to the drawing board. I'm my owner. I'm like, yo, how can I make sure that this don't happen to me? Yeah. What can I do to make sure a player don't do that? And it is gonna be like, hey, all the owners gotta do is get together and say, Hey, let's put clauses in. Everybody contract. And they made a am amnesty one year. Yep. If they could amnesty one player, they can. No, I'm saying it's not their still, I mean it probably is, I don't know. But they had a rule. You can amnesty people, they have rules, you can do all this other stuff.


They gonna start putting shit people contracts where? And that's the biggest fraternity. When them, when they look up, nigga get your ass. Yeah. For Zion to have that contract And we think Zion's a premier mirror player in the league. Who the fuck say they like nigga you like not Jimmy. I'm not saying, I'm just saying a regular nigga that's on a Yeah. Four year, 32 like you know what? Matter of fact I'm just saying you know owner, but you know what, he don't average 10, he only gets half his money. You know what I mean? They could make all these kind of rules or whatever. That's a fact bro. Because I, Zion shit was off weight. How much he played all type of crazy shit. Y'all see Zion came out, he was like, man I love, I would love to play back to basketball.


You know I worked for the Pelicans. They told me I can't do that. Yeah. I like that. Good shit. I work for the Pelicans as far. I like that. I like that. Yeah, that's real smart. I like that now all the heat go to them. That's a fact. I like that. That's the next team I, we talk about all these trades that took place, that's the next team. I think they should be active. Like the Pelicans got a lot of people that need to free for sure. Man, that's a bi being one of them. They probably won't free Zion at some point. CJ McCollum definitely deserve to be on another team. Yeah, they got on CJ ass get off my nigga CJ ass. CJ the president bro. A quick play bro. C said CJ was like shit I need to start packing my bags. If the guy got traded they like motherfucker like boy don't nobody want you boy you already know. You know what had me dying though? When? When the 80 tray first broke that night, D Foster comedy.


He said nigga stay awake you're next. And then whole time he got traded but did y'all see that shit with ad when he was talking to the the reporter? Yeah. What'd he say? He was like, damn bro, you talking like I'm finna get traded or he was traded literally like Oh so the reporter, what was the reporter saying? Basically like, nigga, what was he saying? DJ like how do you feel basically about like, I don't know bro. Just like playing like, and it could be coincidence because of it but yeah it could be coming towards the end or some shit like that bro. But him and Max Christie interviews that last game sounded like exit interviews. Yeah. If you go back and watch em because he looked up at him like he gonna get ticked two Max's about to play in Dallas. Oh yeah, for sure. They need the shooter bro. There's no choice.


Yeah. Oh bro, you running the floor. But this is the thing people missing though. Ad I know he probably ain't hype right now. Oh he about to go kill? No, no, no, no, no, no. Fuck the kill when he see them checks no income tax. No income. Oh. He gonna be like, oh yeah I ain't mad about the trade to Dallas. I said Max Christie on that four year 32 gonna look way different in Texas. I promise you that. Yes sir. Yeah shout out to the income. But I, I think Dallas is gonna be a fire team though. Yeah but bro Anthony Davis is playing one that Texas his money Victoria to that LA money it's gonna be And that's, I was gonna ask you, we talked about it a little bit but that Luca I know he's super shitty 'cause he lost his supermax bread and he lost that that income tax bread.


Boy he doubled down with a L. That's ass. I know he's getting it back bro. A super max bread trap. I'm telling bro he gonna be fucking in so many commercials. L is about to be the the white superstar bro. Bro that that gold 77 jersey platinum. My bro, I hate the Lakers colors but that shit gonna be ass. Yeah 77. That's a wicked enough ass gonna be so weak for what color that was on. I would never but shits gonna be ass who could man La bro I that's the best shit that could have ever happened to the NBA bro bro. That first game of him and Brian bro, that's gonna be, it's gonna be lit. What else happened in the world? Some more intro about that trade. Do y'all believe that the electors weren't gonna offer Anthony Davis a qualified offer this summer or they they gonna let him walk?


They ah nah they lying. Yeah I agree. Say they had to, they had to make it feel that way. That's how I feel a lot when Nico's doing like Nico you take chance nigga. Y'all gonna to get them niggas to Max. Yeah y'all lying bro. Yeah both of y'all y'all's gonna look dumb as hell. They lying. They was gonna give Luca the Superman, they traded him 'cause they didn't want him to Superman but they was, if he was still there he'd getting the Superman. Yeah that that whole we not offering Anthony Davis. I'm like I know the new wave in the NBA that they did it with Paul George kind of sorta is like let him walk. Nah bro you just not letting assets walk or that's Denver. Nah Davis not when he playing at this high level and he played all these games. Yeah you won't letting him walk bro. But I get it. Whatever. Any validity to LeBron playing for the getting the Vegas team like that's gonna be the next chapter.


He definitely gonna be a part owner or something. You think he'll be Jordan part owner player? Oh nah, nah, nah. I ain't doing that nigga boy won't happen soon enough when that's happening. Nah they not letting him do that. You say you don't think he gonna let get that off? Nah nah he ain't getting that off. Nah, I to think about it and they gotta wait till the Boston team sale and all that shit. Nah. Hey LeBron got one more year left. Nah, but he will be a part owner of a team though. Most definitely all star returns man. I know we didn't get the chance to talk about it but we here man your favorite white boy got in man. But Lalo didn't we gotta talk about this in the morning. You wanna what? Save for the morning time.


Yeah. Okay So you gotta talk about the Allstar reserves. We'll save it for the pride. It gotta be fire artist scene but save it for five 20 in the morning for show Terry Rose got in the Rico man they put my boy in the Puerto Rico allegations man beat. Did he beat it or what's up? Yeah he beat, I pray so. Man, he a did an investigation and he was, he got scotch free but the, I guess the Feds did something. Yeah bro put Rico on my boy man. Yeah. So we don't know what happened though. We don't know if he was part of, I don't even wanna be a part of putting, I hope he's not. But that was just crazy bro.


They started putting up the the time periods and stuff like that and I'm like man this shit get wicked man. They basically said a lot of his bets was a part of the John Porter Betts. Yeah. Oh they was trying to group it all together there it is. They tried to parlay the Rico on my boy. Man that is we we not even that T though. They on the same they they say everybody that bet against John Porter they also bet against. That's crazy. Nah t we ain't riding with that. We stand with you King. Yeah we ain't riding with that Porter family though 'cause he did it. You are an innocent bystander. You're innocent. Terry Ro is forever good on fucking five 20 and That'ss a fact. I my mama I fucked with you but he didn't show up when he said he was.


That's alright nigga. We have him on the show last. Alright bro, DP shit we still, we still waiting on you shit nigga you got one more if I swear I feed you. We still waiting on your champ. You joking up. Go on, pull up now. I'm alright. I'll tell the truth on this motherfucker. We was, we was talking upstairs. Hey chill out man. Talking. What we was talking upstairs man. You had a question about Diddy and r Kelly who was worse? Oh we was outside. I was like you talking about weeds at your trip? Yeah. Would I say who was worse? Yeah, yeah Diddy or Kevin. Who Was worse? Us who was worse?


No, no I said both of them. Just both of them of I I don't wanna say that because they both bad people but I was just wondering like if y'all had to consider who was worth something, who would you be? I wouldn't be, nah I'm outta that gotta get away. Yeah, I was just wondering who y'all thought was worse in these situations so far as what though? It's a nasty versus because I'm like they both going to jail for life basically. But I was just like damn who y'all think was worse? And I was like y'all said Diddy but I was like I think r Kelly 'cause he was on film with it. Y'all like they got tapes of Diddy. I was like we just ain't seen him. Well yeah he's on Diddy. He diddy's on camera beating Cassie. So yeah that's but I was, I mean I was more of about what they was charged with if both of them for sure is guilty of all the shit that they're saying.


Give them both the cheer. Yeah but I was saying what they was charged with like they both was charged with Ricos right. For sex trafficking or Ricos basically. Yeah brother. I'm like that's not funny bro. That's fucked up bro. They both got documentaries bro. Yeah, I don't know. Fuck them. I don't care. I don't wanna talk about, I don't know why he brung that up bro. Well you, you asked for it no nigga. I was, this gotta be a topic. I was saying nigga this is a funny topic. We went to a comedy show tonight and they nigga played Country Wayne play R Kelly? Yeah that slaps. He's a piece of shit. He's going to hell but the music still slaps and that's why this became a topic. We went to a, the music never dies man. But you know what's funny, you always look at the age group of people, the younger ones they might be in anybody above the age of 35.


Oh that r Kelly come on niggas is vibing. Oh yeah I want Sex in the kitchen over by stone. Put you on a count With consent By the butter roll hands on at the table on the tip toe. We be making love like The restaurant was closed. That's what TD Jake said was playing. He was on the back of that motorcycle Fixing the, I ain't gonna lie, that's a, that's a heat. So TD Jakes been in the car in on a motorcycle. Crazy. What? Hey you know what?


So as kids we really don't have no RB music like that no more though. Nah. Yeah we don't play with no rape and no kid touching. Kids don't fuck around with that. We strictly on the music though. We don't, we don't have nobody now like I feel like people just, I don't wanna say this 'cause people be mad at me but some RBI bet the neighbors know your name is too Soul. Why you scream Scratching, yelling. Hey he ain't never been, he got allegations too Buffalo. Hold on. Most definitely. Hey you know about the Journal Justin Tucker Who that kicker the Raven thought he say Justin. Who was Justin Tucker. What? Hey same Tucker bro. He's a kicker for the Ravens bro.


He was, he was on the Deshaun was shit Wild out with the Masseuses bro. It was bro Damn Masseuse. Yeah bro bro I bet the neighbor no bro. Bro he ain't wild singing bro outta pocket too but Trey song's first album Legendary. Well please do not play it right now. Fanny Dropper Palmer told I hate, I hate that. All the music I listen to, all them niggas are fucked up. Ooh that's the sad part. Nah, but they have writers all, you know what, this is why I be telling niggas a lot of these niggas did write these songs so shout out to my nigga bro.


Michael co club trying to make it happen. I ain't gonna lie. Songs first album crazy bro. Anticipation mix tape. Nah, I'm talking about Ready Album though. Oh okay. Nah yeah, but Mixtape Trey Fire bro. Yeah he he's on the bad end mix tape right now. Remember what happened? We was Big three. Oh yeah? Yeah. Tre three motherfucker. Nah man bring RB music back though. That's all I want to say. Yeah Without the allegations please. Without all the other shit I be, I just dunno who I think shout out to Chris Brown. I think you won a Grammy today too. N yes sir. Shout out to Ye too. My homie got a right credit for that as well. Kendrick got Grammys too. What do you get a Grammy for? You already know like this. Like not like us God Dogg it Rap Performance of the Year Music video to hear rap song of the year.


He won all those free. Wow. Drake is rolling over his grade. They had to but don't just you wait till next week. He's definitely performing after Super Bowl. No you think he getting a Grammy ain't performing this man, it's gonna win up. Drake ain't gonna win 2025. What you mean nigga? No he better aim for 2026. It's already dope. I hate damn he really did win that man. Yeah it is over bro. He got my dog. Damn. Drake can't win 2025. Nah bro. Kendrick Lamar, I'm still rolling with you. Oh the Drake's music still slaps. Oh yeah that yeah. We'll we'll never play those games over here. Yeah alright. What minute till we get sued We go my second, excuse me, fuck a pigeon.


Nah nah that song is far. Yeah. Yeah. Well Kendrick could never, shit Kendrick is going on tour. He about to perform Super Bowl. He has, Drake is not winning this year. He got, he can get 2026 but 2025 is wrapped up bro. Mm. I dunno bro. I just got a feeling and Mike make sure you timestamp this today. I think Drake's feeling come with something so crazy bro. Music. Yeah I don't, it could but I just don't think nobody gonna don't, it ain't gonna hit, I don't think it's enough. It, I mean like the other, the other music he put out recently, if it was normal times niggas was fucking with that music. Yeah. I just don't think people now like that's the lawsuit. Kids are going too crazy. It's the lawsuit hell of run. It's the lawsuit bro. If he never would've did the lawsuit. Yeah I shot up the same way.


It fucked it up and it sucks to GN X is a fire ass album and that's just the throw away. We ain't even got the real K album yet. Yeah where Gates at? Hum do I Is that what rapper you'll be? Hell no. What rapper would, would you really be though speaking? I love a nigga in my, hey I know Cubans. Who would you be for real if I had to be a rapper? For real. Let me, I'm being dead ass like my abilities. Trying to think I'd probably be Dirk. For real. I ain't gonna lie. They about to pick you. Nah don't pick Z up jersey. Nah, but I'm saying like the way like I rap the way I, so Alright we we Chicago rappers then.


Nah I'll just be Dirk. For real though. You Dirk you can be anybody but I'll be, I probably me and Dirk think alike almost. Nah I get a nigga up outta here B you not supposed to say that. You're not supposed to say that free dirt man. What you mean? I mean allegedly I pay for it. We just got in the green. They scared to come outside now. Dirk got some slaps. Oh my mama. I fuck with Dirk Anthem back in the days. Hey shout out to my dog Lucci. Hey y'all know my favorite song of all time.


7 6 2 by Lucci. Free my dog. If I could pay for you to do a show just for that song bro would but I know you on Luci was hard as at the halfway house bro. I think Luie is safe. Yeah I fuck with Luci. That ain't, I wouldn't kids be with your family bro. You all now niggas I wouldn't be Luci but shout my dog. I'd be dirt though. Damn. Who you got? Nah, I fuck with though Rapper bro. I dunno. Damn. I know bro. Motherfucker said you was Jeezy. I said they a fucking lie but I seen him and his girl and you would put your shit, her shit out in the, in the wet with Rice, with Mouse and shit. Yeah you see her on that shit? Yeah I that deal I lock here.


I say get her little ass out. I hate her too. She one, she my least favorite people in the world. Nah, my rapper I be shout out to, to my guy I'll be project Pat bro. Damn. Yeah that that fits you. I'll be wiz. Broz Street Niggas turn church. I, I I I'll be project Pat I'll fuck with Project Past so Heavy when we was in high school bro. Elite flows bro. I don't sell drugs show. I'm just saying if I had to be a rapper allegedly I'd be DJ Who you be. I ain't gonna tell you. A friend of the pot said who you be. I heard him fuck him. They said DJ I will slap a bitch but I'll take that part.


So you look at this shit, the hands work. I forgot Smith. They told me I was so boy they got me fucked up. I did. Nigga caught you big. They caught me Soldier boy. Shit crazy. I was the first one to do it. Fuck it. I'm Soldier boy. This one was crazy. Soldier bro was really offended. They called me Soja boy. They called you Soldier And I ain't even hating on Soldier boy you bitch you gotta be his whole life though. Nah I'm bro, I might as well be fucking where's a rap? I might as well be nigga. Dj. You gotta be careful being Will Smith too. They said DJ Nick Cannon.


You gotta be he Nick Cannon. Shit. Fuck it can Canon. Hey what's up? Don't do live because you gotta take these niggas life too. Alright. Ask the check Asked hard guy who they, if they had to name us says rappers. Who was we? They said be him Booy. Oh damn. I fuck with that four kt. Four KT Scared that come outside. I fuck with that. They call me. They little twist. Little twist is wild. Crazy. That's funny. I gotta be Pat though. I respect ain't nothing else happen man.


Nothing else going crazy shit. Niggas, we had a wild weekend so I was really caught weekend. I ain't lie man. You all start next weekend or two weeks? Mm we got two weeks. Two weeks. That was a highlight of mine. 2025 so far. Yeah that was, that was a fun time man. What's crazy is that night being so fun and then leading into the fucking crazy trades that night, that Low Key got Twitter for like the old Twitter like social media was cracking at that point. That didn't restore the vibe that move. So I'm excited to see what's gonna happen next week. It's a lot of people gonna need new homes in the NBA man. That's crazy. Hey can y'all please tag Lucci though and tell him that 7 6 2 is my favorite song because he home now.


I'm actually a Lucci fan. Damn. Who? Y'all. Who y'all think accidentally we can run into Hype this shit up? What is that? I sing it for you. Oh yeah. Damn that's 7 6 2. Yeah I know that was intro to that song. I, I said when we go to Allstar, who you hoping we bump into? Bump into real dope paint. We need to see GI Wallo man we need to make that happen. It's been long overdue. You know how we be bump into some niggas in the lobby and shit. I'm like damn that'd be lit If we can get somebody that wasn't expected on the pod. I mean we didn't expect James we to go win a Royal Rumble either. That turned us up. You did have, you know what I'm saying?


You intuition was popped in. Nah, I mean Intuition is eight 70 took put in the, I wonder how they well nevermind we just got back good because I'm, nah it was no distro shit. Man. I don't keep my sneakers like yeah y'all told me we can't put WWE on Draftings or niggas will crash out. Hey, hey that was hilarious. He was like I was really serious though. I didn't know can I get arrested? Niggas die. I was, I was in bitches I might be vacate. That's what made me ask y'all first I smoking but it's cool if somebody leak script perfume got on, Thero on.


Well you told nigga good nigga box a perfume. He got home way. Man shut the fuck up. Shit hard. God shut up. I dunno. This niggas talk about wrestling luck. They really watch. I was like, I ignore that shit. They don't watch nigga, them niggas just came for the free tickets. Fuck they talking about? No, These niggas, everybody looked back when I said is this shit no doing mother fucking life nigga. Nigga was hot. See I'm saying that nigga even know this shit scripted. Listen the Russian part though. Lucci said that though. Get his nigga get these boys a boxing. They got hallways. I do fuck with love. I do. I felt that. I do. I dunno. These niggas so whatever y'all couple ass niggas some perfume out off of y'all rapper out the studio that's on y'all.


Because I was never gonna stop listening to thug music. I already get fuck with Thug too though. Oh yeah. I, I'm all toing up Pulse like I don't know where to go with it. That's crazy. Yeah, I said Paul though nigga don't play with me. I ain't, Hey we can start bringing up old shit. What you can said on this podcast go crazy because you all torn up. Almost choked Paul. That's crazy Mike. I don't like when you start laughing at me So you ain't got, you ain't got no fucking book bag yet. Don't laugh. What a fucking 40 k book bag. I'm waiting for y'all to raise me and Malcolm's salary so we can go forward. What the fuck? Oh we also need to, you know Mike, he still ain't got his ankle braces. They all so Yep he still, I got a little funny started man.


He got orange shocks on today. Malcolm, how you feel about Malcolm one? I mean Mike won an ankle bracelet. Ankle Bracelet? Yeah he, he was to keep it on talk to get that boy boxing perfume. He got whole Bracelet A bedazzle. He won a bedazzle ankle bracelet. A bedazzled is crazy. He want the, you know how it, it costs like 45. You know when people start wearing the little loose earring like be across that dangled picture. A dangling cross on your foot is crazy. That's what he, that is crazy. What they're doing is they're picturing a Pandora bracelet right. When nigga Mike, Mike, you seen Jay-Z's cu link Real?


If Mike get that on his on his ankle, she gonna have that nigga legs sitting here doing this shit like this get box Mike not Mike better not get that because they said that symbolizing a different, a different league. The real me You be send me Sosa this bitch. Look Mike get the hoop earing with the dangle if it connect to the ankle. It used to be it hard. It used to be called a wall chain but that ain't what it is. Shout to shout out to Joelle too. He made some dope wallet chains if I was still my rock summer too.


So you might get a ankle Rolex like a watch on your ankle. Nigga just get on house arrest. Damn there. If the rolling would fit on my ankle, I would. You can though, you can get it fitted for the, for the ankle. I can get some extra links. Pause. That's crazy in the show extras. I don't even, I don't wanna plug nothing else after that. He want you too. How y'all feel about Mike Ankle bracelet? Drop comments GoFund, he want extra links. Look to GoFundMe Mike's ankle bracelet freaky Mike's ankle bracelet. Oh my god. 2025. If they start GoFund and that shit, I swear to God by the drop the link out repost re make a graphic.


I want the 85 ones. So if y'all wanna start a GoFundMe or y'all wanna find people who got, if y'all wanna send 'em to us. I wear 12. No everybody that donate $10 I can get a nice ankle brace. No, fuck that. If y'all wanted to start donating, I want the 85 ones. Y'all. If y'all know somebody who got 'em, tell us I like I'll buy 'em from 'em. But if y'all wanna start a GoFundMe to give them to me, I my ankle bracelet for the wounds I got. Nigga I don't put my damn ankle. I got you. I don't ankle, I don't ankle ley swapping jerseys. I don't got no damn with Ley. I don't got nigga I told y'all about Hey, hey y hey Patriot bought a chain me up with his jeweler.


The one from the middle of the mall. I'm getting my chain. Yeah, no. Yeah, the middle of the mall. Cancel the ball. Any that was 82nd nigga on me. My my shit on the way. Shit. He said down payment was 25 on, on me holding fee no charge. Hell yeah. My Cuban on the way. Yeah, I, I spent, I spent a little bit on it. 50 we were, we were bullshit on here. Yeah. Fact that's a fact. I spent two 50 on my Cuban man. TT Cuban on the way. Freak my x over way.


I be, I'll be laying five a Cuban do my life. Yep. I damn real Look like I ain't never had watch jewelry, nothing but nigga y'all on five 20 niggas is shining. DJ got something under his shit. If Mike come in this bitch with this ain I'm about order the team room tonight. I swear to God you got, I'm telling y'all I'm not gonna talk to you. I don't give a fuck. That's, I ain't telling y'all I'm just gonna lie every time we walk out I'm gonna say what's up bro. I'm just gonna put my, I'm just gonna come do the work. Just Don bro. Don't do that bro. Listen, I was joking all this time. Don't do it bro because it gonna turn me up bro. I I've been watching a lot news today. I'm not about to go.


Oh man, he outta pocket bro. Listen man, we appreciate y'all like share, subscribe. We gonna try and be back next time if we don't get canceled again. Glo five 20, The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Leg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet and I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events. Tune into my new podcast, throttle Therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart Women's Sports production in partnership with deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skidder and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.