
This is an iHeart podcast.


Here's why April chose to vaccinate her child. I think actually meeting someone who was not vaccinated and now has a lifelong struggle with a childhood disease really cemented for me that it's super important that we as parents continue to vaccinate our children. Talk to your pediatrician or visit y vaccines.com. Brought to you by Merck.


Some stands for, so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington. DC


Wasn't that delicious? So good. Your bill, ladies. I got it. I got it. No, I it. No, I got it. Seriously, I I insist. I insisted first. The first of Don't be silly. Don't be silly. You don't Be silly. Don't be Silly people with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay. Rock paper, scissors for it. Rock paper, scissors. Shoot. No. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Visit wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


It is Ryan here. And I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like are you a fist pumper? A woo-hoo. A hand clap or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions. Apply


The volume. Alright man. We back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Same gang with me to my left. We got my dog Bishop B Hen and out the Pearl League. How you what? Nasty. What's Up baby? Let's get to it man. I'm ready. Okay. Ready to pod today. Ready to pod today baby. My boy came in with the elite fe on today. You know what I'm saying? Alright. They made me Foot Locker. Nah, them Asics, Sean, y'all the just ain't seen these yet. That's all 79 99 on a super cell. 79 9 9 Super cell JD Sports. Okay. Lock in. Okay, I see the Vos for sure.


Go ahead, take a L 20 tap in, Boost Mobile, get you a new op iPhone 15 for 99 point 99. Nah for sure That for sure the Vs. For sure to my right.


My dog. Young Nacho Young. T how you what? Crash out? Oh Lord. I'm ready to crash out. Listen, I I was ready to crash out. I said I'm gonna let you slide 'cause of a guess. You heard me say that right? We did. I let him slide 'cause he is a guess. When I went home I was in crash out mode. I told PI said I think he, 'cause I really couldn't understand the nigga the whole episode. Yeah. Anything the nigga ever said. So every time he was talking I was just look at him. But when I said I think he said you can use his sperm or something or something like that. And then when I played it back I said he said that and I forgot to tell you delete it 'cause I was doing whatever I was doing.


Yeah. But then I was like, I won fight and then when I woke up this morning somebody wrote me was like, oh he out of pocket and that's when I really wanted to fight. I'm in crash out mode. 'cause I didn't hear it clear. 'cause I'm laughing at him talking about you shoot blanks 'cause it be, You know, be him won, do his or be him. Shit. So I'm like all right. But then I couldn't hear clearly until DJ said whoa. Like something like whoa. And I'm like, I'm gonna let him slide. 'cause I heard, I can't understand a nigga. So I heard when he said something like he can use MVP sperm or something. I'm like, all right, I'm gonna let you slide 'cause you a guess. But then when I heard it clearly when I went home and heard it, But I see, I know you like the back of my hand bro.


I said bro, be in a good sport. You handled the interview. Well, I had a good question, but I knew that was on. Yeah, yeah. But it because I couldn't, I didn't know exactly what he said. Yeah. And I don't ever watch like the, well I don't even got the Patreon shit. Yeah. So when I watched it back, because I told people when I got home, I said I don't know exactly what he said, but it's something to the point that you could have an MVP kid. But I was like, we laughed. So I'm like, and I heard him say, I'm just playing like I'm joking all that shit. I'm like, but it didn't sit well with me because I'm a nigga at the end of the day, like, what the fuck is you talking about boy, And I'm going to take full responsibility for this because I text Malcolm that exact time code, but I didn't have any context to take it out.


So I'll, I'll take responsibility for that and not defending him. He did call and apologize like no, I I really didn't mean, I didn't know he was married and I was joking and yada yada yada. But Yeah, but no, I, nah, I'm, I'm, I'm already too far gone. I'm with you. So I, because I felt the way, I'm like when I, when I seen it, I said, Oh damn. He said that like, 'cause I, I heard, I didn't hear exactly what he said. That's why I said, you a guess I'm gonna let you slide. 'cause I I know we was all like laughing and shit and we don't wear a headphones so you don't know exactly. And I can't understand him like that. Yeah. But once I heard it, I said, oh, I was supposed to stand up and damn near flinch at him or something. Like yeah, I I respected you in the moment if You know what I'm saying?


Being a professional. When, when I really kind of like put together what he said was, I was like, yeah, because I heard you when you said whoa. I'm like, he must said something crazy. I damn spit my drink out. I was like, whoa. Where the fuck did that come from? Yeah. Yeah. Because We wasn't even What, Even after that, You know I'm, I'm rocking rolling anyway so it don't matter to me. Yeah. But anyway we can, we can go with the show. Yeah. Maybe next time. That's the crazy part about this, this platform is that it is gotten to a point to where anything we said everybody gets to have fun with it. And that's cool. But people really do the most of certain stuff. People doing, they research way too much. Like I go home for real y like I really, That's a big platform. That's why I to tell motherfuckers like I know I'll, I'll go crazy on here.


So I mean ha have at it, whatever. But that, that's, we ain't going, Nah, I ain't going outside of that. We ain't gonna talk about that no more. But have y'all had moments on here where y'all got like a phone call from like your parents or somebody close to you? I'd be like, oh I heard about this because my mom's church hit my mom up and I got a direct life. My mom, my mom and da dad called me back to back about something I said, I said that's crazy y'all how ain't supposed to be watching this? I speak the truth here. I got, I got called about a bunch of stuff Now motherfucker going question some shit. Like did you have to say that? But I speak my truth on this platform. Oh that's what I got. I'm me a hunt a thousand percent on this bitch and off the camera I'm the same person. Me too. But I let like, I let people say shit like, You know we always joke and stuff but some shit be getting to a couple of my family members.


Yeah. They be like, why you have to tell that story or why you let 'em say that? And I just be like, damn, it's just jokes. Like it's all fun. Yeah. Like, Like I ain't never disrespect like your mom, but You know how me and your mom relationship is soon as she see me. What your ugly as doing down what you doing? Like we got that type of rapport. So it ain't, I don't know, it's just different and it's different coming from me than a nigga like that. You know what I'm saying? So I hear what you're saying. Yeah. I don't know. But I don't care no more. I I Don't care except for everybody. I then told you that though. Well no I be here. We gotta go corporal. I shit. You shit me. Oh No. Now that you said that DJ though. My grandmother was like, why do they call you freaky Mike?


I'm Like that's a, that's a bad question to answer your grandmother. Look Why are you tell your grandma we can have a sit down and hall about it through the porch talk. She was Like, she Was like about her grandbaby. Are they Talking about you when they say freaky white? I'm like Yep. And we are grandma, I'm your grandmother. Why are you watching the show? She's like, I want, I like sports. Well grandma I gave out your whole grand baby's email and everything on here. Ain't nothing off living. I got her email too. Like what's up for you Mike? I'm like bro I'm not fucking, Somebody hates a lot. Like I'm not Yeah I got hit with a I could you not use some of those words towards this. I know somebody there. I let mom respectfully fuck them. Yeah.


My mom know how I get down. She was like, oh now the world get to see how you act. The fool just calm it down a little bit. Jeff. Mom see me all the time. Yeah. Well why you doing all that cussing? You know people at my church talking, That's the worst like I do gotta, You know I, I curse a lot. It ain't, it ain't intentional. It is 'cause of y'all. I really don't talk like when I went to, You know I was on Pat McAfee show when I go on Pat McAfee show oh You Know the bigger platforms. I don't curse and do all that. You know basically you don't cuss in front of white people. Oh Bigger platform. That's what Sell out. That's what it sounded like. You said go corporate speaking to that. That nigga might Reverse Boost Mobile 99.


99 99. I was gonna be pissed if he didn't go on that pack. McAfee show. Hell yeah. Go on there. Put on your time nigga. 99. 99 Boost Mobile get you a iPhone 1548 Mega picks. You know the vibes from show shout to Boost Mobile Child Bitch. Hey I was cranking up. They said when you had the headset on they said you looked at at Riley draft drive through. I was dying. I I was my first, we on PO with headphones so I was like when they put me off like damn I could hear these niggas clear as shit we might need headphones. I couldn't hear nothing. I outside it the whole time. I, I clear with my headphones on hear. I was saying man it sounds like I can hear everything in that headphones. I was like damn I could hear you clear as hell. Like did you hear him? He said I used to pop my headphones off Clearly Nigga wasn't even connected.


Don't walk in. Hey man Triple Cup B here used to have the headphones that were not plugged into anything. They was plugged into a mic that didn't have at one point they weren't plugging it Just under my pants. Why You feel like we was pie? Yeah like I was in the studio bro. I I feel like I was at a radio station bro. I ain't gonna lie though. We might need some headphones because I, I heard them clear as shit. Nah I couldn't wear that shit. I mean like a little earpiece. Oh Yeah we can Do that. Yeah that nigga a Bluetooth he pastor But I ain't gonna lie. That looking like Darnell from the shot with the Bluetooth nigga.


That shit weak. I wish y'all would've, I wish we all would've went to that thing though. It was cool the atmosphere to see that but to see how his production was, it was tough. Me and Mike was tripping. He like that nigga got 18 wheelers all type of stuff back there. That's just said y'all want Nah I don't want 18 wheelers wet. I'm talking about the the vibe. Oh yeah the vibe, the Scenery of the yeah The vibe is there but my boy Pat McAfee got that WWE production team and the semis don't nobody get out. Yeah that's different. Yeah. I was like damn this is, this is crazy. Well no He has 18 people with him and then there's a whole nother crew in the 18 wheeler. I wonder if that's just for that what you mean situation like 'cause they were outside 'cause just live and outside.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. But in studio you got the same people just Yeah. How many people you think he worked with In studio? Probably those same 20. That's crazy. Yeah so real production over there. You Probably don't have as many like camera like handlers but everybody that was sitting there at the old boards, it's still there. Nah that's fire. That was fire though. Cool experience. Nah, I was up to see you on that stage. Real for real. Yeah. I try to represent for us. Yeah you gotta do more shit like that brother. Shout to My dog 20 shirt and everything. Yeah. Y'all know I never wear the gear but I did that for You know for the team. I fuck with it and I appreciate all the people that was like You know shouting us out like damn five 20 then made it unpacked McAfee.


I'm like yeah we just trying to keep going. Shout to supporters. For real. For real. 'cause even earlier this week with the Kyrie shit he hollered at us on the live. Wanted to tap in before we could even send it out bro. Everybody flooded the chat so I appreciate y'all. For real, for real Man Got crazy for us. I had to take it down. It was getting so crazy like You know Kyrie old, he act like an old nigga over here be in. It's like when Young Thug said James Har didn't have internet. Like bro niggas know how to use buttons bro. Niggas text every single day. That's like the old famous law. I I'm I'm not good with texting. No you just don't text back. Yeah for sure. That's me though. That's literally what I say. I'm not good at texting. I ain't good that texting stuff. It's like oh no you just a looking phone. Y'all see one.


I know it's a sidebar before we get all the way to our topics. But y'all see Aidan Ross said he makes 600,000 in 16 streams. I believe it. He believe 300,000 just for Young Thug alone. That is crazy. Yeah I believe it man these streamers is getting to it. Everybody's talking about why the rappers with the streamers because they're making money. Come on man. You see Kas and I you see what that stream university did bro? It was just a weekend. How much you do s Big S er. 30 s is what they say that he got from the situation. Hmm. I don't know if that's in totality what got bust down. That's obviously legend trying to be pocket watching but that was a hell of an event though. Shit if I was a rapper I'd be going on all day streams. I wouldn't even do my press runs with like the radio stations.


If I was a rapper I'd be a streamer. Tiger probably make so much money streaming He does bro. I could imagine 'cause he do his albums down their own live stream. Yeah man Twitch I all that shit bro. These kids be locked in bro. These kids will sit there and watch the stream all day. That's why they stream all day. It's somebody consistently watching that shit and it's a talent company that the people acting like it's not there. A lot of people talk about podcasts and people get up here and just yap on microphones all day. Cool. But to stream bro, you have to have some level of improv. That's a talent, that's a skill. You are entertaining thousands that remember millions of people every single day bro. Yeah That's the downside was of it before was like people just didn't want to see like the old heads didn't want to give out what's behind the scenes and stuff like, like the bets and stuff.


They was a little nervous about Kasa that just roaming around and showing like hold on now what you about to. But they see that nigga that boosted up the the platform shit got all them thousands, thousands of kids watching the BET awards that never even knew what pride BET network was. For real. So bro they don't know what uncut is bro. They ain't never seen Rap City Bro. At one six part they wasn't even born. So That's crazy though that you think about that like the shit that we love and like die about and argue about. They don't even have a clue. Oh don't give a shit. Him not knowing who Wale is even though he probably know who Wale is. But in that moment now realizing that was Wale. Yeah He played Lotus Firebomb on his stream and was like oh shit I know this song, this song was a classic like but I genuinely didn't But Like he said I was nine lot nigga Lotus Flower bomb came out in 2011.


He was nine bro. Yeah, that's what I'm saying like for us Lotus Flower bomb is something we put on. We ride with our girl 2011 niggas was dropping Dick and shit, You know what I'm saying? Pause. But He was nine like bro he don't Yeah They was really like a part of that internet era. For real, for real. Like Wale was on there but we grew up different 'cause we saw like older people so we knew about the old heads. He was really like a kid of his own shell. You know what I'm saying? So I respect, I don't think it's no disrespect. I understand. No There wasn't no disrespect. I mean you like he don't know like shit like when I go to gyms now kids don't be knowing.


They be like, like today it was a group of kids at Purdue. They all had to be like seven eight and you could tell they dad told 'em like he played in the NBA 'cause they came up, they all said are you jt? And I was like yes. And he was like oh that is him and your dad. You weren't lying. Yeah. And I was like, y'all don't know who the hell I am. Really? Y'all dad told y'all I play but what's up y'all You know? Nah Yeah I get it, I get it. And like you said bro, we even had other people as adults coming up to you and was talking about oh yeah I fuck with the pod that don't even acknowledge a basketball. Yeah they don't. You old enough to see that? Yeah they don't even fuck it. I'm not a hooper no more. I'm a Podcast. He embrace it though.


The the bank, the bank story is still a top cheerio story for me. When the dude really, yeah he bad. He is seeing all this money to stay. He like oh damn podcast too. I think. Good job brother. You play the NBA. Oh that's dope. But that Podcast, That podcast is cool. You got a nice podcast. Fuck outta here nigga said I play third league. The league good for you. Ask crazy bro dumb guys How he didn't? That's some Bullshit. That shit funny. I was mad at the way that people responded about Wale though. They were just like, yeah Lotus Flyer Ball. Okay that's a fire song. Wale has other great music Y could t the situation bro. You know Lie if I was nine, I don't think I'm listening to Old Flower Bone. No that's the last one I listen. Wale. Yeah like more about nothing bro is a classic bro.


I know that may be no facts over the limit for ages and stuff. I'm like shout out some more Wale. So bro Wala got slaps bro. Bro I listen to r and b bro because bro I got old ass sisters bro and shit like that. My momma old look I had no choice but listen to that. But if my mom was young and then I got younger siblings, we probably not listening over the fire bar in The creek. Like I'm Yeah Facts like I'm not supposed to look ghetto dope recipe. I just had older siblings. Yeah bro, that's the benefit of that. Or if you are young, young dude and you just outside all day with the old heads. Like if MOOC didn't have y'all how much I said MOOC ran around, he would've probably knew about the older shit because that's who he was around. So It it's kind of crazy now.


How you what 97? Yeah I Was looking at my favorite song when I was four. It was my body about LSU. You a weird ass dude. That's why. Why is my body over and that's the story. Freaky Mike. That's where Freaky Mike started. Like what the fuck I mean like what the damn, I can't even say what the F no more. What the damn All right let's we here. What the hell? Oh Who would you be at LSG? He Is Gerald Lavert. No, No Shit. I'm Gerald. Alright put I'm living through my nigga. I'm Gerald. I'm more Keith Swift. No. Hey Justin can you so ley.


He said hey man these women ain't worth the damn no more. They don't cook the hell clean. And they was just like, Keith you are 60. Shout out to Keith ain't lie. Speak your truth King because he like damn I don't wanna touch d Theses old motherfuckers single with these past 40 years. What the yco at? Where the pota pants at? He Said he doesn't holding even Ironing clothes no more. That's Fact though. What the last time somebody ironed though? Oh I iron everywhere we go. Yeah girls I iron frequently. I'll never, I have an Ironing clothes. This is how bad it is everywhere we go. I literally y'all think it's Ironing clothes. I iron my own all my outfits for the weekend. Soon as we get in the hotel room he A weird on me and I say ain't ain't I'ma steam my shirt. You was an old nigga B nigga. We had that thing where that motherfucker I was so shit that couldn't get that bitch to work nigga.


Nigga I've never, I haven't iron a shirt in 10 years. Oh Yeah. Ah nah bro I don't live like that. Hold on. What I religiously but like it's wrinkled wrinkle. Yeah I new shot to pack. Oh I'm steaming that bro. What year? That's crazy that we even doing it. 2015 I made the the Allstar team. Yeah that's the last time I iron a shirt that year. Like what? I don't know. Like what do you do? Nah, I was just anti clothes after that year. Remember I told you I spent almost a hundred thousand dollars on clothes. Oh That's right. You did. So After that I don't give a damn about clothes no more. Yeah I like You went crazy too. Yeah, I had Shit all them jeans and shit. Shit. Them expensive as Had shit. I had everything. Yeah I had all that nigga when I had 12 pairs of Balenciaga that nobody can wear no more.


Yeah. Yeah. I was tripping. Somebody got a great deal will find from that shit Not earning clothes that long. It's crazy though Bro because I don't wear shit. I wear whipping and hoodies. I don't wear the iron and sweatpants but my t-shirts, your t-shirts don't just be like, Nigga when y this probably my third time wearing a t-shirt on the podcast. That's crazy. And I only got this on 'cause I'm supposed to meet some but I'm supposed to peeing them going somewhere after and I'm like, ah me. So, nah. Yeah, I'm I'm that steamers getting play in my house for sure. I mean I respect y'all niggas be y'all niggas be buying clothes and getting Dressed. I'm, I'm ironing. I iron my kids clothes and shit. I gonna say kids more than dry. That motherfucker for sure Dry never got it for me.


I never been able to put the shirt in dry nigga I got It right. That's a, i I feel like that's one of the biggest rounds on earth. I used to see nigga throw a t-shirt that wrinkle it come out press see up. But like what dryer do you have? I need to my dryers nigga you put a shirt that motherfucker it come out, it's Gonna knock the wrinkles out. That bitch and my shit got the nigga we got. That's I with my PTs. Mm We got updated and I got the Wrinkle. Everything on there. It come out still how I put it in there? Yeah. Wrinkle free is bullshit. Yes. Yeah bro. That high temperature only bro, that is Cat. Lemme lemme see my, I don't give a fuck. Nah that steamer boy it go platinum in my house for sure.


Hey, this applies to 99% of the world. I mean 99% of the nation, not 98.9, I mean 99 Just like that paternity test you took. Okay. And if you the 1% it don't apply to you. But for the rest of y'all 99% man tap in Boost Mobile coverage nationwide. You apply for this great tap in with Boost Mobile. If you switch over to Boost Mobile right now, you can get an iPhone 15 with crazy camera work. That is a 48 Mega Pistols camera for $99 and 99 cents. That's right. $99 and 99 cents on a 5G network. It's nationwide and I'm 99% sure that Boost Mobile just gave us a crazy deal with this promo. Nah, this is crazy. You Are the father. It does require credit qualification ID verification and an activation on a $6 plan. Taxes are extra and 5G speeds may not be available in all areas, but they said it was nationwide. Just not know hood your neighbor Good though.


Meta AI is the personal AI that's tailored to you now with its very own app. It's built to get to know you, offering helpful answers and inspiration. Looking for something to add to your bucket list. Meta AI goes beyond traveling the world. It remembers you're basketball fanatic and suggest you attend one of the playoff games. Just start typing or speaking to get the answers you need wherever and whenever because meta AI is your personal ai. Download the meta AI app now available on the Apple App store and Google Play.


Some stands for so others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington. DC


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a a slam dunk, Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Wasn't that delicious? So Good. Your bill ladies. I got it. I got it. No I got it. Seriously, I I insist, I insisted first. First don't be don't be silly. You don't Be Silly people with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay. Rock paper scissors for it. Rock paper scissors. Shoot. No, The Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Visit wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


Can I? I just, I know we be all over the place but why are you Keith Sweat in LI Don't like the other two. Jacob don't like Johnny gi. No ain't really damn there. He wasn't really living his rhymes. Yeah he was. Well he was but You know After Professor Def conference, Uncle B was Terry Gi Look Who wasn't living? They rhymes. Jg. Nah, I was about say who wasn't eliminate rhymes murder Him or Luther. Whoa. Nah Luther was out there. If You know who You know Lil Luther with the curl. Look Luther's crazy. That picture of Luther holding the gun is one of my favorite pictures of all time. Yeah Lil Lil Luther Curl was definitely doing S the Gold.


What's that show called? Mega Ah, meteor Man. Yeah my boy had the had the Blinky. Yeah. Yeah. Q yeah. Luther Viro definitely Doing the SPLs and if I get shot by Luther I deserve it. Skinny Luther Was a vibe though. Crazy songs man. Crazy songs. Crazy catalog. Who catalog better him or a Kelly's R Kelly's like r Kellys Just 'cause of the The range. The range there. There it is the range. But Luther, Luther B Much better vocalist for sure. Luther. Luther, Teddy, Pendergrass Luther Woo. That's tough. Teddy P has some Shit. Luther and I Luther shredding Teddy. Y'all wilding, If you take the Teddy P allegations out of it, Teddy P Boy got some shit.


Luther got allegations too. Yeah but the allegation different Luther was court wheeling dropping those shit. Shit he got off the Alley. If, if you see Teddy P allegations, they no wicked too. Nah bro. Tell Luther Luther Manss, God bless the dead man. But Luther Manss was a hell of a hell of a vocal show. Every tell think about Luther I could think about was the Wood. That's crazy. The movie. The movie The No Get up the the Oh my God.


No. No. That's the worst one time. Oh shit. When I think about that is the, I think about is the Wood's crazy? No that's not the movies. Why would they name that show that movie that now what's The movie? They wasn't thinking like how you think it wasn't as childish back then but The movie The Wood? Yeah when she played that song I used to be dreaming like damn that's gonna be me one day. But we don't have no song like that that make you wanna run to the dance floor like her. Nah we got Sexy red now. Nah, only time we ran to the dance floor was back that ass up. Yeah but r and b wise not run. Running is crazy. Any nigga running in the club need to be put out. They was though. But I know it's just different but it's, we got some slow jams bro That you go like I'm hey I'm hitting the dance floor when I hear this.


You know it's funny, we ever see, like you said, I don't know when they dropped the intro to back that ass up. You see everybody try to get to D for it. It's always funny seeing the niggas who got there too late and they be on the outside looking in. Mad I'm bro I think more people have seen Keisha Cole love in the club before a Luther song. Yeah, But where they go dance to it like that you Gonna ride, you gonna sway might put your arm in the air. Boy I give you that. Yeah. At a family function that Luther Vandross is going platinum every single time bro. No matter what you pick from that Luther Luther top five bro vocalist of all time For sure up There bro. Same Speaking of r Kelly though. Thank you. I have to read this little transition. Yeah, big meal. Put a tweet out is one of his best tweets of all time. He my boy back cooking.


He put in his tweet today or not today. The 12 days gone quote. I still remember singing r Kelly, I believe I can fly my graduation. The school system told us to do that. I don't know who to believe What Classic bars by me. If he shows up between us, between his educators and r Kelly. I don't even know what to say after that. But these tweets like, this is why I love Mc Mill. I'm saying that that's how You know just r Kelly is so hard bro Paul. That's what I'm saying. No, I'm saying too like get away from his music y'all. It's just, everybody's going to keep talking about it.


It's not going nowhere bro. It's not bro. It's like Okay let me ask you the hard question. Pause. Oh I just gotta pause everything from this point on Because yeah, I gotta pause question coming up. It's not going viral on Facebook. That's crazy. Alright. If they, if Trump pardoned R Kelly and r Kelly, r Kelly going on a world tour, are you going? Yeah, probably like four stop. I was Gonna say maybe not the first couple cities. I gotta check the hotel but a month in niggas ain't tripping. I might pull up, There's no hidden, no hidden agenda for me. You Sliding So four stop. Yeah, because they should have been killed. Y'all don't let him free kid. Fuck it. You know.


Hey, if r Kelly goes to go and come back, Mark Kelly. That's crazy. If Mark Kelly was guilty, I wasn't there. I don't know what happened. Like if r Kelly is guilty, I really believe like you gotta give people like that the chair, anybody to touch kids or all that shit. Give him the cheer. Yeah, but if y'all, if y'all let him out, that mean You know, if the glove don't fit, OJ Simpson will quit. So she, So so it's safe to say Vegas whatever Drake. See R Kelly is. So if r Kelly performing at Usher performing In Vegas, he's coming on Club five 20. No he No, no he not. He is, he won't be. I won't be on this episode. Yeah he Will. This is how this is, this is y'all family.


I just randomly, this is where it came from. I was in there the other day talking to Teague. I said, boy what if they free our Kelly bro, you going he you shit to me nigga. We Did. Nigga lied so don't lemme fool. I said don't, Don't beat me here now I'm a little scared. Where would this episode take place? What? The r Kelly episode with Us? Yes Nigga. On stage. I'm not. No, I I would Lie. I'm sure I would not. I would not. I got so many questions bro. I don't have any. I do bro. Musical God bro. What questions do you have for r Kelly? I just want to know like bro, how are you, how you got a IEP but make the best OS bro ever bro.


A voice recorder. Like seriously bro, You are the coldest, redacted of all time. And I wanna know how do you make music? Give me a day in the life of you in the studio. I Know one day don't day in the life. You gotta start at the studio just Pure. No. Well y'all just pure music though. I wanna know like I'm a music kid. I don't, I don't wanna hang around him. I don't want to be in his studio. I don't want to be. I'm Just saying sorry. So we got, we got Wallo first Joe button that if r Kelly get out his all I been, I've been seeing the clips be here Run the Woods. What happens there? What we, I'm playing one on one. Be there for that episode. I'm playing 1 0 1 r I'm not gonna be there for all I, I just, I got my shit off bro. Y'all know how I feel about the kids but Yeah. Yeah. Shit, I don't, they letting my, but That concert will be a good concert.


What about if it's a r Kelly, Chris Brown Usher tour. Wow You Can't get in. It's gonna be the best RRP tour of all time. Yeah. You can't get in. Who? Who closes? Who goes second? You know who's closing? They probably gonna have to go. Who goes second youngest to oldest? You know who's closing that concert though? I think they Gotta r Kelly's closing it. I don't know who's going second though. They gotta go youngest to oldest. They gotta like switch every city. Open it up with Chris Brown is crazy. Oh yeah, the night the night's done niggas is falling out. That's a fire night. I'm just, I'm just asking y'all if y'all had the money and y'all had the list to put together, who y'all putting for? Actually I might have to go Otis the youngest. 'cause the OGs, You know they got bedtime at 10 o'clock so you might have to get them in there at seven o'clock.


You know what I'm saying? The open up or r Kelly. That's not a bad opening act. I probably won't stay when you get off stage. I Promise I'll do it. He might. He might. Well this motherfucker gonna be harder than Chinese Girl Then he Put the key in Man I would be standing up like a plays of Thes nigga man. After R shit is talking bro. That is crazy. I see Usher bro. That is crazy. See Usher and I've seen Chris Brown numerous times. Love you both. This is why you been, what'd you say Mike? Strike with the iron his high ly.


That's crazy. It's getting worse. That's crazy saying bro. What, what's the point Mike? Malcolm is our new bottle. Boy fuck bring the liquor. No He bring me some lemonade. Man. Barbie got fired. Nah y'all, I don't gotta stay after that bro. The r Kelly performed that's an hour worth of hits. Y'all need a YouTube. His concert bro in 2009 do one where he said let's Do who you got your shots. Who else can say that? Say Say that you wanna go with Rob to America now you gonna play that in the Rico Trout.


This is called trafficking. They, they don't live in this this country nigga, You know can't bring him here with you. My boy got some new shoes. If t, if TSA, if TSA can ask me for my passport to behind id, why can't R bro that Is trafficking bro. They looking at our suitcase and saying there's a human in here. R that's not funny. It's, but no we don't. We don't condone. No we don't human trafficking. But when you're asking people to have their shots, they're not pit bulls bro. Those are human beings. That's a real question though. Do you have your shots? Imagine being in the club asking, Hey you got your shots. That's crazy. What your paperwork. Oh man. Well it's getting wicked out here. You niggas better be careful.


That nigga Said do you have your passport? Do you have a shot? Alright y'all, we clowning. So we here. So here it is the Facebook question. Pause. This is the Facebook question. Okay, so recently I guess and I don't have Facebook, a DJ turned out a $3,500 job to DJ at a party. Mm. Mind you, I don't know DJs, You know pockets but I know y'all don't get that for three hours. Okay. In the city. But the only downside was for him it's a gay event. You just got a DJ gay event. So I was gonna ask y'all, is he out of pocket or he out of pocket? He outta pocket He job? Yeah. Yeah. Why you wouldn't dj? Nobody said you had to crowd surf my nigga.


You just posted job nigga. When you say you had to go, I didn't say you tap in DJ crazy Crowd surfing that the games is, That's what I'm saying bro. You anybody tell you to wow out my Nigga now that is old. Play the slaps bro. Why you can't play the music bro? Yeah bro. Yeah that's why I was like bro just put that playlist together bro. And go crazy. 3,500 Bro. Yeah he was asleep So yeah I do it for 3,500. Yes bro. You're a dj. Your job to Play? Yeah. You a dj. I'm doing that for my number. Whatever my price is. Yeah I'm doing Yeah because it's a normal. Okay, I just wanted to Ask you and it'd be funny when you see stuff like that 'cause people will be on the internet line be like I ain't doing that. Go nigga, shut up bro. You work overtime extra a hundred dollars bro. You gonna go tap in to do your job at a function that paid you. I was think like 3,500 bro.


That's that. But that is, that don't make like said what You gotta nigga it ain't got nothing to do with You. You can bring your girl and you're a DJ though nigga you can Bring your girl to the booth with you. Literally. Yeah that's a, I don't know that went up though. If you felt uncomfortable bro, just bring your girl with you bro. And y'all sit there, you play your songs. She gonna sit there, y'all have a couple drinks nigga you gonna go home. I was like damn bro. Probably didn't, don't play the music that ain gonna twerk then might get uncomfortable with that motherfucker. Nah bro. Play that sexy rare bro. You getting paid the same bro. Do your job. Yeah say boy You know this as saying I ain't lying. Well man, people would be weird bro. Especially like from a music aspect like I don't know who we talking about in particular but like we all grew up in the church bro.


If you had a good choir growing up bro Texas on your choir director was probably lefthanded bro. Oh for sure. Like If your choir director was dead, not it was damn. Or a weak ass choir. Keep It big for sure. James Hart MVP season at my church. Come on Bro. My choir director used to get down. I ain't bullshit. I ain't bullshitting bro. That's a true story. True story. Story. Yeah. Like especially amongst black people bro. Grew up in the church bro. You, you've seen that your whole life. So being worried about it, bro, go play the fucking music bro. Bro. Get your bread. Yeah. What bro? What be coming to pause? Like what? Be Nevermind. What, What Whatcha talking about? Like where, Where did that stuff be coming from bro?


Like well for me Yeah Bro. Why you say bro? He was MVP James Hard bro. 'cause because he was killing It. He's fucking a pulpit. Nah for real. Trump damn crazy bro. Every Sunday in the suit he ain't even wear the rob. He wore his own shit. That's why He going Crazy. Yeah so shout out to him Man Kat har pin on why that's who like har Penn. I said damn nigga you be fresh every week. I know you play on the other side. This shit Man. Y'all think it is your conference bro. Do your job at the end of the day, everybody got a job to do man. Yeah a fact bro.


The NBA finals are here fellas. And this is your last chance. So we can play some bets on these games man. DraftKings, You know that's our betting sponsor and the official betting sponsor of the NBA For sure. We ready to tap in man what you got for me That five to get $300 in bonus bets, Man $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Yeah I'm taking with that bet. I'm taking the Oklahoma City Thunder smack the Pacers this year. Come on. You know what I'm on. I'm gonna use that bonus bet to put it in for my 80 Pacers. We going get this crown just like DraftKings says. And listen, this is special for first time bets on DraftKings $5. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Don't Miss your last chance to bet on the NBA season. Download DraftKings put in promo code club five 20. That's again promo code club five 20 Fellas, y'all laughing at me but hey you bit that $5 and you get $300 back on that bonus bets for sure. Only on DraftKings the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio.


Meta AI is the personal AI that's tailored to you now with its very own app. It's built to get to know you, offering helpful answers and inspiration. Looking for something to add to your bucket list. Meta AI goes beyond traveling the world. It remembers you're a basketball fanatic and suggests you attend one of the playoff games. Just start typing or speaking to get the answers you need wherever and whenever because meta AI is your personal ai. Download the meta AI app now available on the Apple App store and Google Play.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington DC


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an Iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Wasn't that delicious? So good. Your bill ladies. I got it, I got it. No, I I got it. Seriously. I insist. I insisted first. The first of don't be silly. Don't be silly you don't silly don't be silly. Don't people with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay, Rock paper scissors for it. Rock paper scissor shoot. No, The Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Visit wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


Michelle, could you pull up the Ji Harbo video? And I Thought this was pretty interesting to see G Herbo was talking about the youngsters, this new generation quote unquote gangsters and kids that be outside the generational who Adults. I don't feel like they just like us real. I feel like they just thought that shit was cool to do and they just fucked them up. Like you feel me? Like a lot of these kids they used still had potential with play sports and do all this shit and they like nah hell I wanna be like Keith, I wanna be like her social media aspect of it. Like they have pressure to do it. So now it's like if you ain't got no gun or you lane or you a bitch, you feel me? Like it wasn't like that with us gang. Like it was real street niggas from our hood that didn't even carry a gun because they was just players us. Like niggas let just fuck with the bitches but they real street nigga know how to fight this niggas from trap just sold drugs, take care of they family and didn't play with guns. But they, that didn't mean they was no bitch ass niggas or they was niggas that you play with.


You feel me? 'cause nigga gonna resort to that but now they, they forcing this next generation to have to carry gun. Now everybody is 30 niggas from the neighborhood all switches and they shooting like we was gang banging. You knew what niggas was like that. You feel me? Because it was only a handful of niggas that was like that. Now everybody like that now. You know what I'm saying? Because they forcing they hand to do that. Like oh yeah you ain't no shit. You ain't sl you ain't doing this, you ain't doing that. But it's like it was never like that when we was in the streets. You feel me? I thought that was really interesting to hear that from him 'cause his accountability and it was just like, yeah we got the young niggas that wanna be like us but they don't know bro we had to be like this but everybody around wasn't like that. Yeah. It's crazy to see the pressures what the youngsters gotta deal with now I know you as a coach you see a lot heavy also be here, you in the streets also. You know what I'm saying? With a younger son. It's just crazy to see that that like all these little niggas really kind of be on that now.


And we grew up in era where you didn't have to be like that. But I can't say that I see what he saying but like bro they not, they wasn't the last era of street niggas. I mean everybody, everybody's situation is kind of different. So I don't know I, I'm a little up and up and down with that tape. I, I feel what he's saying 'cause even when I was in the neighborhood, like I know I grow with my mama and daddy so, but I used to always go hang with my niggas. Jamar, all my guys. But yeah a lot of people You know we still see me with like even like big Eric and all them, even lil an everybody was different. Right. It was some people you knew who was a shooter.


Yeah. You know some people who was like he said you knew some people who did whatever they did. Yeah. Not everybody was like that. Like some people just really went to the club and it's like we about to, we about to get on some girls or whatever. And then you had one dude, like anybody say nothing, I'm knocking somebody out. Right. And you had that one dude who might have had something going else on going on with they life, You know what I mean? It wasn't really like it is now bro. We go to the gas station now, we get out the car. It's like you see a young dude, you automatically like bro, well how you doing nephew? What's good family? You know, you try to say what up to 'em just to check they temperature. Yeah. Yeah because you, they it is different bro. I and I like I said, I I'm, I'm both sides with it but I do understand on that side 'cause it ain't no cool niggas in the hood no more.


Everybody gotta be gangsters so that's maybe what he's saying. Yeah but everybody gotta be tough and yeah because it was shit the guns, you definitely illegal to have guns now so Yeah. But it was always only a select few you knew who played like that. Yeah. And you kind of stayed away from them. Everybody knew like hey he on that. You know what I'm saying now every single kid, they feel like they gotta be on that. Yeah I see that side. Okay. Yeah. Now you gotta bring it out. Yeah. It's Like I gotta be like an unrealistic pressure that they putting amongst themselves because I mean, You know some people it's like you said time's evolved if everybody got switcher shit I gotta protect myself too. Yeah. But we grew up in a neighborhood that homie down the street. Yeah he grew up in the hood but he just went to school and was chill.


Now I might have been a nigga over here who got a body but he ain't out here posting it on Instagram. Yeah they, they bragging with they shit. Yeah people got hats and all that. It's like that's crazy. That's the, that's the effect of the music though. That's why I said I'm kind of both sides with it. 'cause it's kind of like shit that's kind of what's being put out there. Kids only know what they listen to. Niggas don't have switches to everybody start talking about 'em then the rap song. So gotta play both sides of it. Like That's why I sound like his accountability. He is like nigga C, he see us and they wanna be like that but like nigga we didn't all was like that. Some of us was like that but around entire click it was different people doing different stuff. Everybody's like nah we drilling like damn can't somebody just go to school?


Can't somebody just get on the hose Like ain't no variety in your game. Ain't nobody player. And that's what I do. Shout to G Herbo, that's one of my favorite reps. But I do agree with that. Like I don't think all these little niggas is on these girls no more. That's damn near not a vibe no more. Nah bro. They got IES Bro. Yeah, you damn near really wanna rob with everybody else. Man. I heard the other day from one of the young guys, he told me that girls don't like dudes that lift weights. I said Huh? I said I know I ain't this old. He was like, yeah you gotta be skinny. He said I don't think that's true. My guy.


I was like, I ain't that far removed from y'all but if you weigh 126 pounds, I don't think none of the girls gonna like you bro. Yeah, that motherfucker construction worker on the way, boy. That motherfucker who teared and put roofs on, he about to thrash her shit Soon as she old enough. I say because nigga, I don't think girls like, he like Nah. I'm like bro, you might need to lift you a little skinny bro. Like you need to. Yeah, you might get some better advice bro. Because the drill is gonna be working ship at Amazon. He is going to fuck up your life nigga. Throw them boxes every day. What? Throw you and go straight in her house on. On everything. Move. That's crazy. I hate that they have that mentality.


Don't have that one kids. If y'all wash this, please don't have that tape. Yeah, He told me that. I said I don't think that's true. Gonna laugh with that one. I said I don't think that's true. They Might themselves for no reason. Niggas gonna be gagging themselves for no Reason. They try, they try fitting the purple jeans, the switch bro. They can't be too cocky at the purple jeans bro. They gotta put the BL in there. Yeah. Niggas is getting robbed with skinny jeans on though. That's a Fact. I don't, don't overlook nobody. I don't care what you do. They be wearing denim with slides on like I got 'em right now with a fit. And they will fuck your day up. Nah, them little dudes bro. I ain't gonna lie. I'm scared of all y'all. Oh me too. Like because you never know. Never. I be just, that's why I say what's up to everybody like every little kid.


Every little dude they be like What up T, what's up boy, you good. Everything's straight. You don't need nothing. Okay. Especially if I know your mask. Your Mama good. I just start talking like I know your mama. Your mama good. You know my mama, I was outside. I went to school with her man. Yeah. Lemme buy you something to eat boy. Feed you boy. Yeah, Yeah. Especially I used to go out east. Go hoop. Hey, hey you still you keeping them grades up ain't you? I, I done graduated. Oh you graduated boy. What you doing now? Shit, you already know. Yep, yep. Alright man. Good. See You know boy. I'm gonna see you around now. That's the only time I ever embraced being called OG Gas. Say what's up? Hey, what's up? How you living? Please don't shoot Target out here. Yeah please don't rob this motherfucker to Ali them mons hard.


Them them them cold. I was like with these, well yeah boy everybody got these as as you were walking through. Everybody got these you want 'em. Shit everybody got these. I got another pair. I what you got on better though? Yeah and it'd be some black forces stuff with a body on them. That's A good one though. I never thought about that. Hit that Robert reverse though bro. Like yours better dog. On everything I'm, I'm tough as you walking fast as shit to your car. Shout out to the white ears man. Facts. I'm still laughing. A Meek Mill should really have a segment where he just tweets once a week and we all react to it because that shit is crazy.


But did y'all see the Wiz Honey desk? I ain't catch it. I did The Wiz tiny desk was super fire man fired And he did all the jams too. He did cushion orange juice. He did all the jams. He did. He did a couple. He did definitely did a couple off there for show. Yeah. My only complaint is the homie he had doing the hooks. I wish I have done in the back. Yeah. I wish we would've had somebody else doing the hook. Shout to him. He didn't do a bad job. He Did do a bad job But some of those classic hooks and wigs wins was performant. Just I rather the interlude at that Point. Yeah, wish should have just done Check it out Fire bro. It's one of my favorites for show. I gotta check it out. Yeah, he was raking his mixtapes and that was interesting to see. Very interesting to see why he ranked his mix tapes. Where he rank 'em.


Obviously he had Cushion Orange which was one. Okay. Two. He had Captain Fever of course Captain Fever. That's my favorite W Joint period. Mm. I'm picking Captain Fi over K Orange. Ah nah For Me Respect to your pick for Me. That's just For me. Then he had Taylor Derd which I think is a fire tape type. It is. What's that? What was my shit three times? Oh yeah, married three times. Yeah that was my shit. Taylor Derd and it was dope to him. Ta he was like at the time when I made it, I didn't even know it was fired. I was just in the groove. He was just like, I didn't really like it until everybody else told me that they fucked with it. Yeah. So that's like a cult classic for fans. He had Flight School four which is one of my f favorite Wiz Mix tapes. That's when Wiz first really got on.


They had Prince to the city tour as his fifth one. That's a cool type. That's underground Wiz. But I wish he'd have put Star Power in there. I think that's one of the more Slept on Wiz tapes. There's some slaps on there for sure. Yeah, I was pretty much out the game after Flight School. I ain't gonna lie. Oh yeah Flight School was that shit. That was super early on. That's when first no I'm saying like on this list this. Oh yeah. Yeah. After this Princeton City two. I get it. I'm cool. Cabin Fever is fired though. Yeah, fired the Beat bro. On Cabin Fever. Are That production? Yeah, them first four. That's what made it all get run it top five that fifth. Where Is the goal to that line of music To this day nigga? That Smoker Music. You think he the goat? Yeah. I don't think nobody really up there with him.


It's him and then like everybody else in the Smoker Lane. Yeah the the Stoner music. Yeah, him currency. I, I gotta put Wiz Over Currency just 'cause of the, I mean even though Currency got hella classics as well. Nah. Yeah But It is literally June part of the Smoker Music and the Lifestyle Raps definitely Lifestyle rap. Yeah the Lifestyle Raps. I'm gonna put Larry June up there for sure. He just dropped some shit. Hey it was decent. Life is beautiful. It's crazy. One of my more him and two chains. The Alchemist. It's a fire album. Yeah. Lyric going crazy for sure. Larry June Fire. I just think Lose is, I mean Lose Wiz is like the, the OG of that man. He probably been around probably since 2010, 2009 doing shit. He's still going on tour today and it's gonna sell out.


Yeah For sure. Like he do that where we go clips whatever they're called bro. Him and the baby we trying to work out to get them here too. They'll be here but Yeah that whole 20,000 Bro. They doing a show. Yeah, they He, he's never not sold out here. He Has lots of tour every summer and he does stadiums, well not stadiums but he does but Stanford theaters. Yeah because it ain't no like little hum shit but he bring like bigger artists that you want to see. Like he do the up and coming but he like him baby girl. I remember bro. I swear to God RIP What's the white boy that used to rap? Mac Miller. Mac Miller. Yeah, Mac Miller, Rick Ross and nigga Kendrick Lamar opened up a Wiz Khalifa here bro. That as a fact. 2011. So that's what I'm saying. Kendrick had a buzz.


Yeah at then, You know what I'm saying? So I rock with Wiz And then the second leg tour, the guy I think is him Currency, Larry, June or somebody else. I'm like that's a crazy concept. That's a you high as fuck Yeah In a row bro. You ain't Gotta bring no weed shit. Walk around get high. Yeah, yeah. Off contact. Yeah you're gonna die by the end of the concert but you're gonna have a great time. For sure. See I, I fuck with that vibe. It is, it is just not for me. Yeah. Like I I couldn't be out there six hours bro. I, I couldn't. Yeah. And I don't even smoke reefer so I don't wanna sound like an old nigga, but boy, I'm real strict with this concert going there. I need to know who I wanna see and I'm gonna get there late to see what I wanna see and I'm done bounce bro. I don't have it in me to be out there four hours. I love Concerts. I Love concerts too bro.


I go, I can go for the whole pause For if it's a, if it's a RB concert bro. I, I'm real for Sure. I'm, I'm not going to see the old acts no more though. Mm. What's more old picture? They Have the groups don't be showing up. True. I don't like that shit either. I'm rolling. When we went to Drew, see Drew Hill and Cisco, I, Well it's 30 of them so they they got, I Need the original five whoever they was. Yeah I remember that. My dad felt away 'cause they went to go see the quote unquote Temptations and he was just like why am I paying this money and none of these niggas was in the movie. Oh God. And I said You know about Point they all dead though. My oldest No no, no I got a relationship with your dad too. He is out of pocket.


He not Pass. You going to pay them and bro You know the real life behind them bro. Yeah but you done expect them to walk on stage to perform how you owe them to. You ask for a lot though G Hey You know how my dad do with that, with that bread bro. He's like make this shit make sense. I know bro. I'm not seeing Dave roughing But to, to expect to see the Temptations in 2025 and they was performing in 1945 And they all died. They all did. We seen the movie you asking a lot. They don't even know where David died. There Wasn't no regular Dickies bro. My dad Motherfucker said me here you act like Paul I got offended. I said Paul damn near was an alcoholic on the, he Was, it wasn't no damn near.


Paul Was slapping shit though. This was Ho Paul Mitch was man RI God bless of me. What's so crazy? That's one of my favorite movies but it's one of the best of all. I was about to say them old docu movies about all them old Tempt is not better than Five Heartbeats. No Five Heartbeats is my favorite. That's number one five Heartbeats favorite movie For DJ because he always be trying to think about it bro. What Five Heartbeats? Yeah. My favorite movie of all time. I can recite the whole movie. It's a great movie and I'm not combating it. My only problem is what niggas went through when the Temptations was really real life. So that's what makes you crazier bro. Oh bro. I ain't got no any, Any Niggas Life was online.


Robert Towson. Shout out to my nigga Philip Collins bro. That's Robert Townson bro. Oh Yeah. He look just like He grew up like that bro. Duck pissy mattresses and shit like Duck Bro. Duck don't do my nigga like that. That's Phil story not mine bro. I'm telling you. No remember I, I go your house Phil. Y'all mattress on Pissy. You didn't go on, you didn't go on 19th and what's the name you ain't They brought them same mattresses bro. I not they would. They were Brot told It they were pissy bro. Shout to Colin family man. Don't live a alive of a millionaire or a movie. Nah DJ. I don't know why you always said that bro. Temptations damn third Bro Tempt Michael Jackson story then bro. Bro. Even though Magic Michael Jackson story was really TV series Michael Jackson then N Yeah it five Heartbeats number one for me.


Alright. I'm about the Temptations. What y'all Putting a new edition? One Should be very, very hot 'cause it's fire. It's fire. It is fire. It ain't in five Heartbeats. It's not but it's definitely nothing shot off. I ain't shot nothing but love. That shit was smoke bro. That's one. All right. 'cause Eddie Kane just so Much love. Bobby Brown was different Bro. Eddie K Grow Pressure. I don't know man that that new edition shit is They did their thing thing with that shit bro. That was fine. Flash you want My spot because gimme Bobby Brown. Nigga Red Came that nigga Fla said Flash, I'm leaving a group check out my new album Flash. It's lonely at the top. That's what they got. Lame though. My mama, that's what the movie got weak got the movie, got weak in that nigga Said Flash it's lonely at The time and ain't nobody died in a new edition.


So, But the way that they did the new edition shit like with Ralph trying to go solo, you a whole ass nigga. He was like damn. All the reason we the group together, he is like we don't care. He had the best And Johnny, Johnny GI came in there. Yeah bro. They had a lot of moving pieces bro. He ain't gimme New Edition bro. It is up there. I'm taking New Edition over Temptations And I hate to say it like this but if you really wanna laugh in one of them bro. The TLC one is crazy. Yeah, Yeah that's, that's how I Fucked with it though. I do too. It is just like oh my god I couldn't because they kind of look like them. They do. Yeah. Yeah they did for sure. But that, that movie bro is, it's horrible bro. But that's horrible bro. That that movie is terrible to treat women like that bro. That's when that walk should have started when that movie came out.


Me Too should have started when TLC dropped Bro. They was, bro they got cheated so bad bro. La Reed walking around like nothing ever happened. LA still signing niggas. Lare the guy bro. Hey what's crazy when he see like, yeah it was cool. Next question I say Whoa first nigga for that equip to keep going man. He put it on wax too. He's crazy. I ain't, I ain't saying nothing man. Lare man, love how you on the, Because you ain't got, why are we here talking about more black stuff? Have y'all seen Straw on Netflix?


Terry Tyler Perry movie with Oh I seen it. Hey man it is fucking ridiculous. Is it good? Ridiculous or bad? Bad ridiculous bro. Oh goodness. Taraji Hanson bro is a part I well alert. He is a part of a murder bro and walks across the street to cash her check. At that point I wanted to throw my phone through the tv. They got 4.2 stars. I'm like, everybody rereviewed it real hot. I Ain't seen a check. I'm, I'm here for the black support but it is some bullshit that's taken bro. She a nigga got killed bro at this grocery market right here bro. She walked across the street to cash her check. The police went to three different crime scenes, her old apartment and never went across The street, bro. Oh. She kept saying like she was trying to get money for her daughter bro or some shit like that Bro.


They took her daughter in the movie bro. Took her daughter. Okay. 'cause it was neglect going on. Took her daughter bro. She goes back and clock in like nothing happened bro. Yeah bro. After her daughter got taken. Yes bro. She gotta get that money. Yeah, But hold on. Did she commit the murder? Yes man, she movie done. She shot a nigga in the chest bro. Yeah, watch it probably though bro. No please watch it. It's, it is absolutely ridiculous. So she shot somebody in the chest and, and dipped off. She didn't even like dip bro. She was went across the street. She walked across the street with Blood on the check and said can you cash it for me? They said you don't have a id. She said I left it at home. I ain't gonna lie to y'all. And You know I ain't snitching of course, but I promise we know somebody who shot and killed somebody and came to the club with us and probably like nothing happens.


I Got nothing but love for you. So I know a RealAge is just a boy version. Listen bro. Next, But shout out to that movie though. Shout, Talk shout. I I I swear to God I don't know who he talking about. That was a long time ago. Yo. It was in like 2012. A crazy top step. I I was not there. I was lived in Atlanta. The podcast booth was like yeah 2012 I lived in Atlanta. Man, ain't nobody listening to this shit. Nah bro, that movie is absolutely crazy. Please watch it if you haven't seen the Tyler Perry guys again. Man, I listen to Atlanta. I lived in Atlanta 22.


They about to scroll through His own Instagram, his Facebook and find every picture in 2012 When you went out, he locked up. Now she is. He got caught. What the hell? Just saying. I was just going off the reference of the movie though. Like y'all keep going and making this shit worse than what it was. I just saying that's what you Do to me every time. Isn't he in Jail for that murder? Yeah. Oh Okay. Okay. I guess that Makes it better. Yeah, I'm just saying I know a motherfucker who did that. Y'all doing all this? I was, I was in Atlanta, I was in Cincinnati, I was at my mama house has already been convicted of that thing. You not like No, it doesn't matter. Go back and find scary ass niggas. Can't take these niggas shoes while You got bro.


Just don't shoes don't shoot bro. I don't wanna fight. See this is why I don't watch movies because I can't get my, Why I Stick to myself. I'll let y'all do that boo review Shit. No, please watch it bro. Absolutely. But why does she always, why guess that's just what she's good at then. About what? Did she ever play somebody positive? No, bro. She is the embodiment of black women Struggle show. Nah, nah. She played a positive movie when she did the numbers movie where she was like an engineer or something. Jims. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Because even in like, like think like a man. They just made her to be just a snob. I'm like, damn, why can't she ever just be a cool motherfucker? Because they said she's a vet for the rest of her life, bro. That's crazy. I stole my car Jody. One of my favorite quotes of all time.


I stole my car. That's a wild take Jody. Real. He ain't pay her rent. He said nah, I ain't gonna hit your head. I about to put some dubs in your shit. We Doing real Jody too on me. Tell me who is he? Is he in jail? Nah, that nigga free. This nigga is stupid. That nigga free. Our friends get some of the crazy shout outs on this platform. We know if it's a friend. I'm trying to make sure they associate whoever they may be. Piece of blessing. Shout to that guy. I'm just trying. I see why they make movies so it is like, damn, You know a nigga like this. Let me tune in Then. You think nevermind.


Do I speak your heart brother? Nah, I I would just stop. I I'm gonna keep it. I'm gonna keep it clearing. Mike, you think about somebody else? No, no, no. Oh y'all know know them too. All facts. Oh hell. Who? That's far. I know who he talking about. Who the most, let's get off that subject. And we ain't talking about Jody Breeze here, we're we Really not. But we talk. Jon Breeze. Shout to Jon Breeze.


Meta AI is the personal AI that's tailored to you now with its very own app. It's built to get to know you, offering helpful for answers and inspiration. Looking for something to add to your bucket list. Meta AI goes beyond traveling the world. It remembers you're a basketball fanatic and suggests you attend one of the playoff games. Just start typing or speaking to get the answers you need, wherever and whenever because meta AI is your personal ai. Download the meta AI app now available on the Apple App store and Google Play.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington. DC.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Wasn't that delicious? So good. Your bill ladies. I got it. I got it. No, I I got it. Seriously. I insist I in first. The first don't. Silly, silly. Don't be silly you don't. Silly don't be silly. People With the Wells Fargo active cash credit card prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay. Rock paper scissors for it. Paper scissors. Shoot. No, The Wells Fargo active cash credit card visit wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply


Anyway. What's hell's going on man Y to talk about something on the morning show the other day. I can't remember what it was. He wanna talk about that dude. A dj. That was something else. He mentioned Something. It was something else. I can't remember either though. We could move on though Because yeah, That's funny man. Before we get outta here in the sports world, I've been cracking up at the, actually let's go back to music. K Kdot perform in Toronto. Oh wow. Yeah. I heard the fans kept saying replay that shit. Yeah, they said spin it again. Damn. In Toronto. Yeah man. Is that wild? Yes. Do y'all think like, I don't think it's wild. I just think I'm in shock he performed there though.


I am too. Two nights. I mean, fans are fans. I don't think they But the sell out two nights in Toronto when Drake is there. Mm. That's tough. That's that's a, because that's your Drake is Toronto. I feel like Who, who was it? Who was the artist who like bought somebody else? Like all the tickets 50. Was it 50 50 did That's the Ja rule. All I feel like at like though Drake and I got that much money. That's what I'm doing. Drake, You buy all the tickets. I'm buying All the tickets. Oh you spend damn near a meal. I Don't give a fuck. I'm Drake two mil. I'm buying, I'm buying 'em all. Well and I'm and I'm sitting in the crowd. Those tickets are bought by real guests. He don't give a fuck. Real. I bet Kendrick wouldn't give a fuck.


I mean he get paid either which way? Yeah. Yeah. He gonna be like, all right, what's up? Follow me on tour nigga. Just keep it going. Wow. Toronto, I'm about to perform these hits to Sell it out back though And damn In your op city that's tough because obviously comedy is a little bit a small mechanism situation. But like Drake is gonna sell out LA too 'cause Drake is gonna go crazy 'cause Drake, I Just don't maybe like because Canadians don't care. Maybe people, I'm not gonna separate Canadians from Americans. I don't think people really care bro. You like what you like It's probably people from all over though. Yeah, that's in Toronto to watch those. You know what I mean? You Think Drake shows out in California still? For Sure. Yeah bro. Drake? Yeah. Could they probably make it more uncomfortable than they could in Toronto?


Yeah because obviously he was moving around with oh Toronto wild bro. But they, no, he was riding around with, he had security 'cause he slept in New York and then flew back to Toronto for the next show and they was just like he, he wa he moved around with security. Duh. Yeah, if I'm going to somebody's city, I got a problem with of course I'm gonna have security. Are you crazy? Yeah. That's the difference. Yeah. What? Well Like a show. I don't think people care that much about this shit though. Oh so he going to New York every time? Yeah, he went to New York to go to sleep to come back. Which I don't blame him. Shit. Nah, that's genius bro. I don't, I don't care that much. Especially if you not my nigga bro. I don't. This entertainment shit is for what it is. If I like the music I'm gonna listen to it. That's how I feel. And that's probably really cool though. Yeah. But I don't know.


Drake probably felt like, Man I think Drake had a bigger play. Obviously he sued whoever he sued UMG with it. I don't think it's really Kendrick. Like Kendrick did whatever he did. It was a battle. That shit wasn't about nothing. Yeah. That's how I look at it. It would've been over a long time ago if the other stuff afterwards had happened. Obviously the lawsuits and some of the other antics but they all said keeping music, nobody got hurt in the process that we know of. It is just good rap music. Yeah. I just don't think the average listener, that's why I be trying to tell some of my friends in the streets. Yeah bro. These people don't really care bro. Like they don't care about this beef shit. We put more into it than the average listener bro. That's another song for them.


If it's fire to them, they gonna listen to it. If it's trash, they not gonna fuck with It. We would stop being friends with people we know if they had like a rapper we don't like Yeah nigga it it is up. Niggas gonna play that shit on radio. Oh that's fire. What's next? Yeah, don't give a damn about that. Most consumers don't care about no fucking rap beef man. For sure. I sure don't. I'm play whatever the fuck come on. And it's probably gonna be from 2007. That's why I don't get like too into it with these like entertainment people. 'cause I just, I like what? I like It. Same with basketball. People would would go crazy and I have friends over a team that they like, it's like bro it's deep bro. It's not that fucking deep. People mad at me about the Pacers like, and it's funny 'cause I went on that pat when I went on Pat show they thought I was gonna stand down. Like yeah.


I thought hey okay see what's going on the series nigga. I don't care. Yeah. And I'm like the craziest part is like to see even people from our city go crazy like support the team and You know let's have basketball, beef talk that's cool. Talk shit like yeah. You know what I mean? But to say a motherfucker ain't from here and all this shit when these niggas are walk right past you on the same niggas, you jumping up and down four or walk right past you and treat you like a fucking fan is out of pocket. That's a fact. So I, I want y'all to get that shit straight. Like Stop being fucking weird. Tyrese, Obie being all them is walking past y'all down the street with the rest of the people and y'all doing this to they thumb Probably That type of shit.


Like yeah ain't no real love bro. Like so to get mad at somebody over some shit like that and I don't know that shit just out of pocket to me bro. Let's argue about who better between SGA and Tyree and I talking about Basketball shit Bro. Saying niggas this and that bro that shit lame as hell. Hell Yeah. And bro, unfortunately I'm a dollar pacer fan. I could give a fuck. I ain't seen none of y'all arguing about this shit bro. Y'all don't care that much. Y'all just want to have a reason to do some shit or feel like you important about some shit. Yeah But if you're a pacer fan, let's just argue about the game. Fuck It. About the game like, but me and DJ, we argue about the game. Yeah. But once it's over it's like I don't give a fuck this shit. Like yeah But see motherfucker took so far now when I see Fuckers be mad. Yeah I can't believe you going against your city.


I'm like man them niggas ain't even from Indianapolis. I had to tell motherfuckers Like when they get done playing this all nigga gonna go party in Miami. They not about to party with y'all. They about to go to Vegas, Miami, they gonna start the jet up and they're not in culture with you my nigga. You will not see them. They going to Vegas and Miami. This is why the city can't have nothing bro. There's so much other shit going on that we need to be worried About. There's so much other positive shit that people do here on a weekly basis that's like actually impactful to you, your children, your family that you could get behind and push and help the betterment of the city. But you don't give a fuck about that. You just want something to talk about on Facebook and them niggas about to go throw camps. Look Aren, NIE Smith is gonna go throw a camp in South Carolina with the championship trophy as a crib.


Yes. Like yes. Tyrese is going back to a Wisconsin. Yeah he is going with that trophy and throwing a camp, bro. He's not Miles, Turner's going to Texas. Texas bro. Like they don't. Okay. I play for the Pacers nigga once y'all trade him, them niggas don't give a fuck about Indianapolis no more. It's their job. Nigga. You worked at Kroger at 16. Are you still rapping for them? No. No nigga For sure. I just say support the team though. Rock out with the team just yeah. Leave the people alone man. And shout out to them girls that was fighting outside of Georgia Street. Y'all was wilding? Yeah, but They was fighting over the Pacers. Nah, they all had personal shirts on. See shit got deeper than the game. Oh. Like God, it didn't have nothing to do with the game And they weren't even at the game.


They was just outside like yeah, what's the vibes like? And I see one of 'em had on a fucking Justin holiday shirt. Oh yeah, she, she needed be kicked Throw innocent bonus. I was like Y shirt. Oh Yeah. And and honestly if you got adjusted holiday T jersey shirt, not a jersey, you have a T jersey shirt. You should took the hell. Yeah because I don't even find disrespect my dog. That's my dog. Nah, No, no, I'm just saying update When you find that. Nah, that a holiday. My dog My favorite. Hell Face the history And be getting swaggy, but nah, like that's nasty. Get come on, it's a bonus T-shirt and you bumping outside. Yeah. I swear you, You deserve everything bro. It's a bonus. T That's crazy.


I might have made that up but I just feel like she had one on. Yeah, if you got the number 11 T you're disgusting. I seen somebody at the, at culture, I mean now what was that ho Vito? You remember she was sitting over, she had to sip Bonus. Oh yeah, yeah. I was like, damn, shit. She, She did. She somebody gave her that. Damn. The funniest thing is when teams go far in the playoffs and they start finding all the random jerseys. I've been seeing some crazy pastry shit dog. Oh yeah, God. Do y'all think they already got the championship teams printed up? You know they are bro. And, and we're getting, I wanna, which thought she's getting first, I wonder who got DMS on them. I'm the loser. I can't wait until I see that game. Seven hat somewhere, bro. That knick space, I'm gonna go with what continent it is gonna be on.


Oh You know. Oh, You know the first one. You know the continent where it's going. I just gonna all peace of love. My pan ats, we have to have Dr. M. So before the years, I don't know what we gotta do. We gotta figure that out. We gonna have to pay him y'all bro. He Gonna charge a nigga 20,000. Oh but that no BSA here. He would not be on this platform. Yeah. I don't know. I I You take EBT we can figure it out. I would never pay would I would Love have a Talk to them. You'll pay 20,000 talk to somebody, Mike. Who me? Yeah. To learn something. Yeah, I would. What the fuck you gonna teach me? Oh, Not, I wouldn't pay him. You said I'm somebody nom, would you pay somebody $20,000 sit down and talk to him?


Yeah, like if I'm paying like Jay-Z or something, I'm paying, what Is he gonna teach you? That's What it'll, it could be some method to the math. Like Myron Golden. I don't know who that is, but like I would pay him to sit down with him and pick his brain Probably. I'll just watch a YouTube interview from that nigga. I mean, So Mike's taking the dinner. I I'm definitely taking the dinner. So you would say, or we do the $500,000 with Jay-Z. Oh, it's 500,000. Okay. Let's just say you got $20,000. Okay. Or you can dinner with Jay-Z or $20,000. Oh, Mike's doing that then. I'm definitely going to dinner. Mike Going to dinner? $20,000 or Myron? Dude, you just said I'm going to dinner. Yeah, bro. Going dinner. Yo. Cash me out. Yeah, yeah, I'm going to Dinner next time. Ho. Appreciate you bro.


I'm headed to the dealership game For 500 though. I'll watch you on YouTube. There's nobody in the world I need to talk to. $500,000 bro. No, it's nobody. If it ain't Jesus, I'm cool. Yeah. Nobody for $20,000 I need to talk to. Unless they about to tell me how I could get $20 million. If that's the, that's the Idea. No, if they got that's Idea. That's the idea. No, if they got it for me, like yeah, we want to sign you for 20 million. Yeah. Oh yeah. But nigga, they be like, Hey, it's 20,000 I, you can talk to me. I'm gonna tell y'all how all this could work better. I'd be like, I see Mike going to get the game though. Yeah, I'm Going to. Yeah, you go get the game. You go in the hidden photo right now. You can find a whole bunch of those people who tell you if you pay me right now, I'll give you the keys to success. Yeah. You know what I'm gonna do?


And they won't give you a keys to a Honda Accord. And I'm gonna give you, I'm gonna go look at the interview that you had with him. I know he said it on YouTube before. He probably said so I'm, I'm gonna go look on YouTube and then I'm gonna come back and be like, Mike, what'd he say? He like, man, if you get stuck in the algorithm and you move it right here. I'm like, yeah, he said that on that interview we get. Oh my. He said with that interview right, He would do some, Hey damn shit. Like We're gonna scream record it like we do Y Patreon. Oh, he said it right there. Hell.


Oh and on that note, man, shout out to Boost Mobile. You know the vibes. 99 99 tap and the new special get you a iPhone 15 with the dynamic camera. Man. It is going down right now. Shout to Boost Mobile. Be here.


Tell the people where they can grab some merch. Shop Club five twenty.com Baby. Come on man. We got a dope collab with the merch. Tap in. In the next few weeks we're gonna have some product shots for show. Shout out to T Mark. Shout to Mitchell Nest, man, we cooking up for show as we always do. We appreciate y'all. We'll be back next time. Club five 20, The volume.


Listen as Senia tells us why she chose to vaccinate her daughter. Right after my daughter was born, my husband and I are having to decide whether or not to get her vaccinated. I definitely felt like the pros far outweighed the cons. The diseases that I'm protecting my child against. They're still here. Talk to your child's doctor and learn more@whyvaccines.com brought to you By Merck.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington. DC.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Add dry eye relief to your routine with refresh Opti Omega-3. A lubricating eye drop with a moisture rich preservative free formula enhanced with an active ingredients like flaxseed, oil and antioxidants. This formula supports all three tear film layers and provides advanced hydration to instantly moisturize and soothe dry eyes. Refresh. VE Omega-3 is safe to use as often as needed so you can make it part of your wellness routine. Find refresh online or in the eye drop section at all major retailers. FSA and HSA eligible.


This Is an iHeart podcast.