
Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


I'm partnering with PayPal. The holiday season is here and I'm gonna save big with cashback offers in the PayPal app. It's easy. I browse deals from my favorite brands, save offers in the app and use PayPal checkout online. Really, really easy. Whether I'm buying gifts for my family or treating myself to something nice, I'm earning cash back. And you can too. Don't just pay PayPal. Check offers in the app for details and exclusions. Cash back earned as points redeemable for cash and other options. See PayPal rewards terms.


Holiday Magic is in the air and DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or DSW dot com.


We've all got a thing, an obsession for some of uss Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay, it's for closets. Get filled with statement pieces and vintage vs. Or must have sneakers wait for you and Designer. Handbags are the real deal on eBay. Doors open to stacks of the rear trading cars in a garage. Stop with all the car parts you need for any doit yourself job. eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things, people love The Volume.


All right man, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wells. Same game here Whitney. We ain't gone nowhere. We still in this motherfucker like us to love us. Trapping, trap or die. Can't band the snowman to my left. I got my dog Bishop be he out the prayer least. How you what? Nasty chilling man. Just enjoying my day. Enjoying my day bro. How was your weekend? Trying not to crash out. I had a good time though. Shout out to Lil Cus Lil Joe got engaged, you know what I mean? To his lady. Shout out to him the internet. Okay. Yeah. Congratulations Joe. Congratulations man. Shout out to the fan for sure man. To my right. I got my dog. Young Nacho Young T got you up brother.


Shit I was cool too. Y'all told me about Twitter. I was super cool. Yeah, I was super cool. I was real allegations. Yeah. I'm like damn I don't like Angel Reese. It's crazy. But I'm gonna tell you right now, that tea old page ever back active again boy you gonna open it up to some shit. I ain't worried about it. It never be active. Yeah. That page gonna explode bro. Yeah. I don't fuck with Twitter but it's all cool. Twitter's been a very, Hey listen man, we was coming here to do a recap of 2024. Who knew we gonna end our year like this. I know, right? I mean Drift elephant in the wrong, I mean it is what it is. Nah. So we had a show with Charleston which was a, it was a cool show for the most part.


It was some things on there that was taken outta context. It was a wild shit. Yeah. We can't control what a person say. So the reason y'all even seen the clips is 'cause the show was live. Yeah. Like usually stuff that we don't agree with. We all So y'all can't see Y'all not here. We mark on the board stuff that we don't agree with. Yes. So the Angel Reese take and the Brittany Grinder, whatever he said we ain't agree with but before that we ain't agree with the Shannon Sharp take. Yeah, yeah. But Shannon my dog so we ain't agree with that. So that stuff wasn't even gonna be on the show. I don't think. It probably whenever the show, it wasn't gonna make, it wasn't gonna make the show. But whoever leaked it from Patreon from watching it live, they clipped the Angel Reese shit.


I don't know exactly what it said. 'cause I don't ever watch and they, I mean they clipped the Angel Reese shit. They clipped the Shannon Sharp shit. Yeah. And we, you know we was just telling motherfucker this to chill out but we didn't over tell him to chill out. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? We kind of let him get his shit off again. We can't control what nobody say. It ain't no disrespect to nobody. But that ain't us. I the the first thing they were just like, well first and foremost, why is he on your platform in the first place? People ask for it. Yeah. We get y'all Patreon, you know what I'm saying? For the people fuck with us. See what happens. Obviously it was a little crazy Right. Got outta hand. Maybe everybody saw the Rob before pause before we got to edit it and it happened. Some of that shit is absolutely crazy.


Things we don't agree with but it happened. Yeah. We ain't calling girls prostitutes on the show. I join on everybody. Ain't nobody. Yeah nobody's, except for getting on this show, nobody's exempt from getting Joan on and that won't change. I don't give a fuck and it definitely won't change. And you know women in the WNBA disrespect, you know NBA players all the time so far as like them beating them one-on-one. Yeah. So we speak on shit like that. But Wet never calling nobody no rapists or no. Yeah we, you know what I mean. We ain't selling y'all, we ain't saying Angel reselling pussy. We never said that. We actually fuck with Angel Reese. Yeah. And she know that she got the vibe from when we all kicked it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So it's all before y'all all became fans of Angel Reese.


Yeah, for sure. For sure. We used to have she hang, she came to the spot we had in Miami. Yeah We took her to live. We had great times with Angel Reese. She cool people. Yeah. So we don't even look at her like that. We look at her little sister little homie. But we are gonna critique her hoop game now her off the court. Whatever she do man, live your life. We don't about we don't even step on that though. Yeah. We don't care about none of that. Like yeah I think she doing a great job of like giving girls who are straight. Yeah. That play basketball a nice little guideline and she wanna be pretty, she wanna do whatever she wanna do and enjoy her life off the court do it. The A of Wilson clip. That's another thing that kind of went viral for us at the end of the year bro. We were talking about NB, that's just basketball.


Like if you go to your favorite, you go to LSU, you'll get the fastest dude on the track team going against the fastest girl on the, the girls track team who gonna win? They run a hundred pride to guy. Right. That's the reason the track time's in the Olympics for the guys are way faster than the track times for the women. It's just like that's genetics bro. Like he's a guy, he's a girl. If they play one-on-one, he's stronger, faster, quicker. But if they play basketball at a high level he's probably gonna be a little better. But if she go play a dude off the street that ain't that good. She probably beat him. Yeah. That's all I was saying like that, that Mar episode when Don Staley and them beat them came who they can't hoop.


He beat they ass. I get it. It's like Bill, bill Collins, he used to play against a fever and them Bill can't hoop. They price a dog bill and, and no NBA team would ever invite Bill Collin to come on practice. He couldn't kill our high school team. But you know what's funny though? Shout to Kelly. Shout to Drake. We used to be there in 20 11, 20 12. DJ used to play. No I wasn't there. I was observing. I no I absolutely not. But they used to be there like they, they we used to be prepping up Lynn Dunn shout out to like Tamika like is, y'all can feel how y'all want to about those conversations. But we have talked probably more women's basketball in this podcast acknowledgement from an actual standpoint, not just some blanket statements about some of the popular players.


We shouted out local players here who played for prospective colleges and talked about how they could have went to different D one schools and this year an era with NIL. Yeah. Have an opinion but don't be stupid. Yeah because I, I think that like I went to the Pike and lc girls game the other day and I, I damn near like watching girls. I think they're way more fundamental than boys. They are. I think they, they learn the game easier and faster. I don't obviously I don't think they're at more athletic or whatever but I think they more skilled in high school. Yeah. And the fundamental standpoint, like you said the lack, sometimes the lack of athleticism in the separation makes the execution that more important. Yeah. And we had a whole conversation with Lou about that at a live show in Atlanta while drinking Hennessy. Yeah, thank you.


I mean shout out to girls basketball. I'm not taking back shit. I said I never said I'll take back. I just say I feel how I feel like our basketball takes is gonna remain the same for sure. Fuck y'all and y'all feelings because girls talk shit every day on the low. That's, they talk shit to you every day. Yeah. So you know what I'm saying? That's just, that's just how we feel. It is just my only take is what the weird with us saying y'all sell pussy and all that other shit. Yeah. That's Come on y'all. I didn't agree with that. That's off our radar for sure. Yeah, I didn't agree with that. So yeah, that's what it was. But what else happened in 2024? Man, I wanted to say start off as just break down a year for us. I mean a lot of things have happened but like, you know what I'm saying, we started a year off strong.


Allstar was crazy for us for sure. I was just going back and thinking about some of the like interviews and stuff we did. Allstar was a really big moment for us. Yeah. I like the, my favorite of the Allstar weekend and Jada Kiss for sure. The J Kiss episode. Yeah man. Who are we interviewed? Dog All Star man. Jada Kiss was definitely like shout out to Michel Lynette, shout to Dexter. Help set that up. T mark my dog. That situation was fire 'cause that was just like we really in here kicking it with J Kiss. Yeah. But to kick off the Hennessy Arena tour and we didn't have too much information behind what was going on. So just walk into that situation with Enrique and having a lot. That's part of Mike too. Mike's fault he, he didn't prep us for that. Oh you blame with Mike on that And he left us to swim alone. Yeah, he did For sure he left us and went somewhere else. Wait, we walked in there though to see how like everybody got instantly nervous.


Swear God. Because I swear to God got nervous. I'm like I done played in front of arenas with thousands and thousands of people. We walked in there and seen it was something real we like first live show. Yeah nigga we lied. You was not there. I was setting up the rest of the show. Hey you know what's crazy And look, shout, shout out to the hissy team. Shout out to volume too. It was a busy weekend for everybody. Information with Allstar was like we knew a little bit and then last minute everybody was like you gotta be here, here, here, here, here. And niggas was double booked. So Mike had to go set up the Adidas event while we was doing that. So we walked into that not knowing what the fuck was going on. Everybody was like, oh we about to talk in front of all these people. That shit was crazy. You got nervous. The vibes was crazy in there too. I didn't wanna leave. I heard that was the best show too. It was by far the best setup.


Everything. They went crazy and we was just kind of like shell shocked shit. Hennessy always do they thing. But y'all did y best shit in our hometown. Yeah. And I hate that we didn't like do how because we coulda had a crazier, even crazier crap. We were supposed to have a Hendrick experience in there. Yeah, for sure. We kind of was in and out like we was too famous to be there. Yeah. Like we was literally lit. We performed and left to say Yeah like we was lit. Lit. I'm like damn. It's kind of funny here they like yeah we have unlimited Hennessys apart. We was like, yeah we got shit to do. I was like I don't wanna leave. Yeah, we thought we was asleep. That was probably, that was probably my funniest experience. The Adidas shit was crazy too. 'cause remember, you know we was, you know what I'm saying? We had an opportunity to have AE on the show but then the whole send the video shit happened.


So that kind of, yeah. Shout out. Shout out to Adidas. Oh yeah. Shout out to Kim. Shout out to Alan That the game. I really, I love. Shout out to Dame. You know that's our guy. Shout out to Donovan for giving us a, you know, a moment of his time. But fuck that. This nigga left my fucking shoes in that building. Hey left. Wait, left some Nike shoes in Adidas activation and thought they was gonna be here. Mama you I'm hopping out the black truck. He like, no you can't wear those in there. They said man fuck you. So he took them, he proceeds to put my shit down and doesn't grapple on the way out. Hey, you know what's funny about that? So bro we was rushing like a motherfucker that man, hey listen, we pulled up to the venue. Hey we all pulled up.


Y'all can't wear those shoes in here. We on the curb. It's like 15 degrees outside. Everybody looking like this Long round. Yeah. My socks are about to get wet fam just let step in the bro. I think I have a whole Jordan outfit I had on the five 25th with the Js. Yep. And they was like, y'all cannot not wear those in here. Yeah, I, I was like nigga just had on the biggest essential outfits. Oh God. The five Xs. But we was Missy Elliot video. I can't say the rain vibes bro, but hey. But you know what's dope about that two, I think about the NIL kids. We kicked it with Carter and them all them young boys to see them. You know what I'm saying? Getting their chance to get to it right now. Five two was Mike yo he was there. Yep. Damn.


Oh yeah, all that's when all of them signed. Yeah, the picture NIL deals. So we got chance to talk to them too. But that was cool. And then shit, the stuff we had in studio that weekend was crazy too. Yeah. We, we had Metal World Peace. Yeah. Metal World Peace. Brandon James, Brandon, bj Tough crowd on the way. My boy Shams sha. He was it. That was, that was awesome. Yeah, that was Draymond. Draymond. That was the first Draymond episode for sure. Yeah that was, we did four in here. That shit got cut short though because you had to go do something. So like the fact that we even got that Dre, my episode off was crazy still. Yeah we did. We did four here. One in Mitchell and this C Shout the OGs. We did the OGs podcast too. Yeah. Damn. So what was that about eight.


They owe us a favor too. We had to brand course for y'all. Yeah that was a This is till all year we had, we had to pass the ox. Yeah we had to pass Ox. Man that was, that was a good, that was a good, that was. Hey we shout to the Playmaker family man. They show love. I know we, we popped up on a a well there was a list this week that, you know what I'm saying? We got some love for a shout to the club for all 20 supporters. Y'all in comments going crazy for us. We don't care about no list. But we appreciate y'all love for show but Playmaker show love. A lot of people shout us out in this situation. So it's all love with them for sure. What list you talking about Boardroom? Yeah, it's all good. My body's tripping. All this. We appreciate it all Top, top 10 I think pods of the of the year. And that was tack, that was going crazy like damn y ain't got us up there. Y ain't gotta get up there. You ain't got podcast P up there.


It, it's dope to see a lot of people who support shit. It is obviously showing you there's my thing is with that shit too and I get it. People gonna do that shit. Yeah but I'm like bro we ain't for everybody bro. Yeah and that's okay. But we appreciate the people who support us about supporting comments. Well we understand bro. Know who we're, y'all know who we're, so it's cool but if we don't make your top 10 bro, we respect, we critique motherfuck hoops all the time on here. So we not fucked up about no pod shit. We appreciate, we appreciate being around it bro. It ain't no big deal. I was on, I was, I wasn't ranked till my senior year so I was cool. Still went to the league. Yeah, it's all good for sure man. Allstar war crazy as hell. That's crazy. We did all that shit. Did none of us go to the All Star Game?


None niggas worked. Did we go to any event? We did not. We were working. Nah, I went to the club. That was it. Yeah, I went to, it was whack too. Shout to the walkthrough. Whoa. Not that one. Y'all went to that on y'all about that man, me and Mike copped in a crazy Uber. I wish I Uber. No you wasn't Wait, missed Uber. Oh whoa. I I wasn't Yeah hear that. I hear that whole answer back there. Got a i it was a nice car. No, let's explain because I wasn with at one point I wasn't part of this. Nah, he wasn't part of this. It it was, it was, it was when he drunk bro. He'd do anything bro.


What he have some of that done? He league moon shine. So Sean's a freaky bike. You know that was his opening weekend, you feel me? In the streets. And he performed after, after 2:00 AM for sure. Oh man, what spot y'all went to? Wasn't nobody there. That was the origin of Come cameras. So that, thank God I made it back to my car. Safe and sound. You know I proceeded my way home that the empty club was Begin Spot. Remember? 'cause he was, he was trying to get us to wow. To do this walkthrough for this lady. I ain't gonna say her name because I rock with her. Wow. I do. Yeah. I really, I really do. Yeah I really do. And we we didn't take you super solid people. I didn't even come, I didn't take show up money. No, no. We gave half of back.


We gave half back. I didn't even show up to that. No, no. We was like, it just don't even honestly that that is the craziest shit I ever seen. We were the only, I've never been at least a motherfucker cousin will pull up and y'all laughing bro. It was no that wasn't assault but one person. No bro. For real. No people was the two people was there walked out as we were walking in Hell no. The DJ was sitting down. Yeah. You know what's crazy? They gave us the, you know, so they gave us the full switch. Oh this y section right here. We gonna walk Y all over here. Ma'am I could do a cart with this motherfucker right now and not be touched. Did not have to walk me to my seat. That's when I slid the car.


Police. Yep. That was that night. They had, they put I was, I was there you was shot Z Hall. Shot Z Hall. We put Jeff in a section at first with a bunch of lefthanders across from he real nigga was hot. You love go fuck with the game. Come fuck with your guys. Yeah I had to leave. I left my section, I left, I paid, I think I paid 2,500 for that. I did not get tweet. I didn't see none of that. Come fuck with your guys. I was trying to, me and Paula got a table. I said restraint bro go on your date. This over is different down there by the bathrooms.


That boy got up on that table shaking that Jeff like Tim, Jeff, I'm sorry bro, I didn't know it was going down. I said you know you put that nigga in front of people with them light shirts on. I said nigga over there had light shirts on and white. Y'all crazy man. Shout the Allstar weekend. The Star weekend was a great, it was a great weekend.


What? Getting some holiday shopping done this weekend, pick up some touchdowns. They're all sale. A Draftking sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect? The number one place to bet touchdowns, grab some tds with Draftking Sports book. They're all sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the DraftKings Sports book app and use Code Club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


What's going on? I'm DJ Wells. I'm Brandon Hendricks and we are role Parters over here at Club five 20. Man listen, roll sparks. If you're trying to get it cracking the right way. If you wanna make sure the night's extra special, all you gotta do is tap in. It is a prescription that follow the instructions are online and they will get you squared away if you qualify for this. And if you do qualify for this man, you gonna have a hell of a time be here. Tell the people about Rose Sparks man. Rose Sparks brought me back to life man. Me and my wife had a great time outta town and this, this got the moment going though. So shout out to Ro Sparks. Come on man. Simple and easy to use. Let December get that playlist cracking. You know what I'm saying? You might have a little bit more on that playlist. Be in, take it at dinner. Use it at dinner. You know what I mean? When y'all about to cash out on that bill. Ride around, hit the highway, take the back ways home and you know what I mean By the time y'all enter the crib, it's going down. Come on man. Listen Road Sparks be here. They gave you out arrested plea. Listen, we are the official Road Sparks partner here. Make sure you use the promo code Club five 20 get you $15 off your prescription man. Tap in. Get online. It's easy. They'll connect you with a medical professional. If prescribed new sexual health patients get $15 off Sparks on a reoccurring plan. Connect with a provider at row.co/club five 20 to find out if prescription road sparks are right for you. That's right. That's Rro co slash Cub five 20 for $15 off your first order.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank NA member FDIC.


What Does KISQALI mean for Lisa who has HR positive HER two negative metastatic breast cancer? I started taking Kisqali in 2020 and I intend to keep taking it as long as it keeps working for me. I have so much going on in my life. I'm a legal assistant, a minister, a grandmother. I love doing all these things And it's very important that I'm able to keep going. Individual results may vary. Kisqali Ribociclib 200 milligram tablets is a proven prescription medicine used to treat adults with hormone receptor positive human epidermal growth factor receptor two negative breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body. Metastatic in combination with an aromatase inhibitor as the first endocrine based therapy. Kisqali can cause long problems or an abnormal heartbeat which can lead to death. It can cause serious skin reactions, liver problems and low white blood cell counts that may result in severe infections. Avoid grapefruit during treatment. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms including breathing problems, cough, chest pain, a change in your heartbeat, dizziness, yellowing of the skin or eyes, dark urine, tiredness, loss of appetite, abdominal pain, bleeding, bruising, fever, chills, or other symptoms of an infection. A severe or worsening rash are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. These are not all the possible side effects. Kisqali is available by prescription only. Talk with your doctor and visit kisqali.com for more information for patients and providers, including full important safety information and patient prescribing information. That's KIS QA l i.com.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks. Just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit join signals.com today.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about Faye this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and we'll in the last seven years and night games they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast


By highlight of the year for us Ben, I always hype to see some of the guests that we got but to have Derrick Rose after his retirement come pull up on us, probably one of the highlights of the year for me. And what's so crazy about that is we gave you a little bit of insight to that episode. Obviously if we could have requested to make that happen, we would've definitely made that happen. That was not us. We were chosen for that to happen. Yeah, that was all him. Yeah. For him to set that up, for him to be tapped in, for him to give a fucking up to even pull up Man's brought his family like we we, we planned that out and man, shout out to him for making that happen with us bro. We couldn't have made that happen. That was Dear Gross. That was a big one. Yeah that was dope. A surprising one for me that I had fun with when they came was I fucked with Mojo when he came. I loved all I guess but Mojo, he was funny.


Nah, he was super y should go back and tap into that one. We had some good talk nigga. Really? No football for real? He a for real Bears fan. Nah, for sure man. He's sick right now. Yeah boy. Get well soon. Boy Kayla Williams. He did not have the best 2024. It was Josh Kogi 2024. Yeah. Yeah. That was my surprising guess. Oh yeah man. Josh Kogi JL was hilarious man. Yeah, yeah. That was my surprising guess for sure. And that that went that surface back up recently because they was talking about Christmas gifts and they was just like as a parent out of pocket for getting that kid a refurbished system. I thought about you Josh and Kogi out of pocket for getting me. Was that nigga like $2,000? He came back with a used Xbox. That's the craziest shit I think I ever been a part of.


Like why would you do that Shit they kept the money. Like another good one we had too was ah my boy. But played my shit though. Yeah. He was playing with the Xbox when he took it to the crib. Like he out of pocket. What's my boy that used to play for the Blazers that we had on the shooter fuck guard? He was cool in a motherfucker for the Blazers. Oh my God. That's going. Oh you talking about West We Oh yeah, west Matthews. Oh, oh okay. Yeah. Yeah that's a saw episode. Yeah. Yeah. I fucked with that one too. I was gonna say we didn't even get to go like first of all the Hennessy tour. I mean before we go past that shit was fun as fuck too.


Yeah because each city we had like a really, really, really fun like we started off in San Francisco with bd that was fire 'cause we didn't have no expectations for that episode. Yeah. And for BD to pull up and be super cool. Like that was love. That was a great ass episode. And that vibe, like I said the Hennessy team went so crazy on the tour this year. Like Yeah every stop we had something fire like it didn't even matter. We didn't have to worry about it. Nah, the activations is is the truth. And they treated us like premium though. Yeah. For real. For real. Hopefully we can do that again. Yeah, the show the Dallas shit with Sean Marion. That was a funny ass episode. It was. That was for that episode. He he stood up business by the shot. Yeah that motherfucker almost wouldn't left. Yeah he the stage. I said you standing on business by that shot.


Huh? He was not fucking with Jeff. That Episode Going crazy. How you shoot like that? What you trying to say nigga? He said like we don't ask me about no motherfucking seizures. Oh God. He was acting like that. I was like ah hell now y'all know me. And I was, I'm like if we gotta go there, fuck yeah. No I that attitude but I thought Jeff was Finn to go Hey. Oh I thought that was going totally left too. I'm gonna keep asking. I fuck with you nigga but you're sad. God really weak God. I was like this nigga finna go crazy and we just gonna have to stand on it. Fuck it. We just gonna have to turn it. I was like man, but that's why I act like I dude when we do interviews like I be like I let y'all nigga shine man.


Because if I don't agree with something I know me. I'm just like controversial. Well the last time it happened it worked pretty well. Yeah. Yeah. So I'll just be chilling bro. Nah y'all see I got mad at DJ the other day by her chat. What's it called? Try that. That went up on Twitter too by the way. Everybody like B here you laughing at this nigga. He was really shitty at dj. The funny thing was Spanish not me nigga. What He gets offended Anything. Stop playing with me. Stop playing now. I'm about to get fit to anything girls basketball, I'm about to get shitty anytime somebody say something about girls basketball.


Like what? I be hooping for real. I'm just gonna get mad. And also you niggas ain't low too. Quit trying to, I love the WNBA yourself into some pussy. It's weird. It's weird style. Who did that? All these lame ass nigga on Twitter. It's so weird. Like we talk about women's basketball. This podcast, we know basketball, we actually know the players. We've been watching them like we ain't faking this shit. It's obvious when you do it you came back door your way into a job in NBA working through the w like that bro. They're not gonna let you. Trust me, I've seen it happen. It's weird bro. Quit trying to kiki yourself into something bro. Grow up, be a man. It's weird.


Be a man. That's funny. Can't be a man. Get up, get up, get up. Rob. That's, that was 20, 24 right? Quote of the year. 2024. What was it? That's what they said to us yesterday. Five 20 get up, fight back five. Say killing you was, you know how y'all die off Mark hearing you did on Twitter. Damn. Oh you die Twitter? I said I died a hundred percent. They killed you on Twitter. I said damn. All right. And everybody was secretly writing me like Behe, you know I love show bro. Go look at your Twitter. The fuck I died on Twitter.


It's always funny because it's like why are you laughing Mike? When you get the, you gotta Stop reading. Twitter just banned from Twitter. Got me. And I love Twitter. I'm never leaving Twitter. I got Twitter. No not an L baby. Yeah we used, listen Mike, fuck Mike. When that time? Yeah Twitter. Really y That's why I be, Mike don't understand Twitter. Twitter helped turn this bitch off. Really Turned Club five 20 up bro. Yeah bro. On on some real shit. Damn near number one. I'm Not saying that. I'm saying y'all just gotta start reading. I I don't, I don't read nothing. That's how you get that's you get on Twitter from Comments. Y just don't read no more comments. Really? That's how Twitter works. It's only a timeline.


It's fun. You know what I like though, when people gimme suggestions in like my inbox, I don't know how they get through 'cause I only accept my, I only get messages from my friend but somehow some people be getting through and they be giving some cool suggestions though. So I'll listen to that. But I don't really care if y'all say anything bad like we get, I mean Yeah, yeah, yeah. But Twitter is just us bro. You just gotta take a day. If you would, can you go live on Twitter? Yeah, we can get spaces. Yeah with this spice. If he, if you just went live for real bro. Just for 30 minutes bro. Oh we can have a spaces. I am telling you dude, we can set up a spaces that'd be fun. It's worth it. I don't wanna get on Twitter. That's I got last I been on Twitter, shit will be lit. Taraji p Hanson added me and I was like damn that's how long ago this was.


This was like 2002. About to find that tweet when baby boy came out. It might have been what year was that? My second year Might have been like 2011. 2012. She was like we was playing D Rose in there. That's the last time I was on Twitter. I Tara shot. Yeah she was like, y'all keep saying Derrick Rose is killing that boy JT killing too. Hey. And everybody was like, Hey Taraji. I was like damn I'm about slide. I about to slide the real Tyree I used to watch, I used to real baby boy. I used to watch that baby boy that scene every day. That's Tyree to himself. I hate you.


I hate you. I hate you too. Next thing you know he is in the skin. That's how I be though bro. That's some real shit though. I'm like damn that shit I applied to my life motherfucker they argue with so crying ready to crash out nigga ready to end it off man. What Fuck get about that char all that go up out the window. You know what's funny, I'm still laugh at the fact that Jody got rims for a car. That wasn't he he legend weak as card though. He put rims on her car and it took him back speaking to Ribs back. That's another nigga who had a hell of a 2024 Tyrese easily.


Almost. Definitely bro. Easily. What do he, what's I, him and Orlando Brown, they had a Orlando. Orlando Brown. He made a comeback this year. He 1 24 was a good for my cousin man. My cousin 2025. He might be getting some real chicken. 2024 was a good comeback for C. He made a made a great effort. Who else had a, a good 2024 Young Thug came home in 2024. He did. Good to see Thug Free Thug is free. Definitely be the case. Anybody else in 2024? We gotta speak on Kendrick and Drake. Kdi had a hell of a year. Kdo had a great year in music. Kdi and Future probably on the rap side, I would probably say so many bigger artists probably dominated the year. Yeah, PDO started a a mega beef and had a great solo year.


So now I've dropping my birthday at his home forever. So if we say music, who had a big year? Kdot or Future? Oh Ken Kendrick. Ken Kendrick. Yeah he had the biggest year, he had the biggest album but Future Drop three projects. I mean you feel how you feel about the last one but to drop those two albums with him in Metro was crazy. Yeah. Like over those were staple albums. A lot of people didn't drop. I know a lot of stuff going on this year music wise, but a lot of people kind of shyed away from putting out even, I mean regardless if it wasn't an album. Not like we got old shit on DSPs. Like you got Wayne uploaded the classics on there. J Cole, his series went crazy. The Madison Square. Like he had a great year too. Regardless of how people felt about him backing out this situation. He had tickets to that What? To the Madison Square guard. Are you fucking serious? Yeah. I just didn't tell y'all.


So you pulled a mic? Oh, another the other thing that happened. Oh, in 2024 what happened? Apparently Kamala Harris wanted to come home and Mike said we wasn't good enough to pod freaking that is clearly, I almost released him from the, we were, because we're, we're going through a tough right now. I almost released him from the label. But you know, that's our guy. We're in this together. We're a team. So Kamala Harris across the, so that's pretty much so that's where we're, we took Charles away and Mike, everybody has a lane. So hey now you like Dave.


We told David Good book for no more just to pass from Cops and Charleston's. So that is freaky Mike's fault. Y'all can clip that also. Yes. Freaky Mike had Kamala Harris offer on the table and refused that it was an interest. It wasn't no way, but okay. He peaked the Charleston White interview for sure. It was a like we do everything as a unit. Mike said no you guys are doing this matter. Loved it. You much. Yeah he definitely say this is it, we doing this and that's cool. He he books stuff. I'm with it. I'm with the game. My bad though. I should have told you about them tickets but I couldn't go so I ain't even like so yeah see that's what happens.


Y'all shout to my dog Faru man. Al Faru. He a DJ for his, his best friend a DJ for Dreamville. Yeah. And he was like man they'd love to have y'all at the show man. Man they love some tickets for us but y y'all see how these niggas do. I could make it because I had, I had to coach at That's fine bro. Respect your job y'all niggas I'm about to go see for us FaceTimed you bro. See nigga kids, we could go to j Cole because he had the coach. See I'm about to say something crazy. No. Nah I hate this church. Oh God do right now. What the fuck? I was like ain't here it like a two day notice.


Know this too nigga. Ain been 20 minutes now on the flight. I was like definitely on a flight. Huh? That's probably one of the few concerts. I nigga I said too, I was just like, you was holding information. My dedication was to the guys. Man I couldn't nah, no I wasn't. Not y'all to the real guys. My pin guy. I'm like man I can't lead him out there for that. You, you didn't have to can nah, I was going, you gonna be like yeah here go these two because I can't fuck with it man. Y'all niggas go have fun man. Nah because then I had to come back and report. Be like oh that bug was so crazy and I'll been up here like I a FaceTime. We lost the lc. Fuck that. I ain't going. And you know it's funny, when we did the gif episode, they kept cropping your eyes when he got the 17th five.


What I been through with these niggas this year on my song. I deserve that. Hey so funny. Paula was so heard about that she bought me the seven, seen the rife. She wrote about that. She talking about it. She was like, I thought he had 'em. Yeah. Yeah that's what she said. I thought you had 'em. I was like nah I ain't bought them. She was like, she was like a, he was like a fucking liquor bottle. I was like why she putting that on Instagram? Lemme have my fuck nigga. I gotta get my nigga good wife, happy husband, happy life. That's some bullshit. I said Pee outta pockets. She said I couldn't think of nothing out shit.


I was like we don't even like, she was like the bottle's nice. Yeah we definitely talk about that alcohol brand for sure. That is funny as hell man. Damn I forgot other hit He stop tour a TL went to Dallas. A TL was the best Lou Will will a tl. Was it crazy for us? It's crazy. Lou hit me. He was asking me about Charleston. Why he like, man did that nigga really act like that? And I was like not to keep bringing him up but like he don't Nah, that's a character. Yeah. I'm like bro, he don't even talk. He don't even, he be chilling. All he talk about is community work. Yeah he he done mastered it. Yeah. I was like it is, it is. That's crazy. You could just sit down and turn to a different person.


He really a actor. Yeah. Wait, you mean to tell me that people on the internet are not themselves? Yeah, I mean shit. I thought ain't that shit crazy. Fuck nigga really is. But he really a, he do good as hell acting bro. No he he sold it. Yeah. Shout out to Lou Will 2025 we're coming to the line. Shout out to him Spike for sure man. He like, man I know that nigga. I'm like he don't act like that. He like that nigga good at the shot was like yeah it's good that nigga. Yeah for sure. Nah yeah a TL that that whole situation that outside that. That was a new facility that had too. That was crazy. Crazy. A TL was a dope spot for some, he didn't wanna leave. I didn't, nigga was out there drinking Hennessy and it's hot in a motherfucker. I ain't care. I said we wildling. I had a blast on that Hennessy tour man.


Every city besides Vegas. It was so cold when we was interviewing KG in that hotel and we deserved it. I deserved that breeze. Listen, well we had a encounter getting off that motherfucker plane nigga hitting that airport. What happened? We, we happened. It's hot in, we happened to be in Vegas in record setting heat. Yes. Niggas, we was sweating trying to get to remember I how you don't remember that niggas had on. We was like, oh changing. I'm just saying how cold with y'all was. Oh yeah. Yeah. DJ missed his fight. The first flight I ever missed in my life. Yeah. But but he called it, he didn't change. I bought a Raiders' hoodie. I'm a 49 er fan. I bought a Raiders hoodie also. He was set tripping. Oh yeah Nick. It was so cold and that basically.


Yeah, that's what I'm talking about bro. Freezing. But the rest of that trip wasn't, niggas couldn't walk. I walked to the dispensary dinner or die bro. Yeah, you was wild bro. My dinner didn't go outside knew me. I bro got stuck in that fucking taxi. Yeah, you was in there microwave. That shit didn't have no air. Oh yeah. Our hotel was lit though. Shout out to resource For real. We would love to do business with you all again. Nah, that shit was crazy. Hundred percent shots of feature too. That shit was dope. Being in that stores, kicking it with them 3D Retro. Getting the Bear bricks. We shot ice on there. Yeah, we had some good fun out there. Hey we had some dope ass episodes in there too man. For sure. Yeah. Vernon Maxwell. Got it. Goed fall 20 episode. Yeah. Is that your favorite episode from Vegas Maxwell?


Nah. Yeah, for me. Did nobody say nothing about his episode? He said all type of shit. It wasn't, he don't have that. Yeah that, that he is Charleston White, but he's not on that platform. Mine probably Gilbert. I like Gilbert. I like the banjo with Gil Gilbert. But I just love how raw Vernon was. 'cause that's us. We just, oh yeah. You know, and we let, that's why I like our platform 'cause we let people come on here. We don't even say nothing. We just talk and people just get super comfortable and they just start being themselves or however they really feel that moment. Yeah. I can't say that about 2024. Everybody we interview, our audience that we talk to always say, damn y'all make people feel like just a normal human being.


Yeah. Niggas don't feel like they in trouble when y'all in y'all pod. Like people didn't know Jason take s. They was like, Jason take saying  


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


What does kisqali mean for Lisa who has HR positive HER two negative metastatic breast cancer? I started taking Kisqali in 2020 and I intend to keep taking it as long as it keeps working for me. I have so much going on in my life. I'm a legal assistant, a minister, a grandmother. I love doing all these things and it's very important that I'm able to keep going. Individual results may vary. Kisqali Ribociclib 200 milligram tablets is a proven prescription medicine used to treat adults with hormone receptor positive human epidermal growth factor receptor two negative breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body. Metastatic in combination with an aromatase inhibitor as the first endocrine based therapy. Kisqali can cause long problems or an abnormal heartbeat, which can lead to death. It can cause serious skin reactions, liver problems, and low white blood cell counts that may result in severe infections. Avoid grapefruit during treatment. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms including breathing problems, cough, chest pain, a change in your heartbeat, dizziness, yellowing of the skin or eyes, dark urine, tiredness, loss of appetite, abdominal pain, bleeding, bruising, fever, chills, or other symptoms of an infection. A severe or worsening rash are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. These are not all the possible side effects. Kisqali is available by prescription only. Talk with your doctor and visit kisqali.com for more information for patients and providers, including full important safety information and patient prescribing information. That's K-I-S-Q-A-L i.com.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global Dot edu.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks. Just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit join signals.com today.


Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Oh that blew, that blew people that That was crazy bro. That was a comment. It wasn't even like dam. They was like, he cussed, he shout out to all the people that graduated from Shaad. I, they was mad that I said six res. Come there and turn that bitch up. We know y'all was all boys school man. Shout to Jason Taylor. Deal. That would've loved that one. Nigga was like, damn bro, we never came out to hot in here bro. That's gay. I was just, I was just fucking with Jason, bro. I honestly, that's crazy. One of my favorite episodes of Vegas though. Denver and Draymond episode Draymond was fired. That was fun to catch back up bro. That was a fun episode. Was dope. Yeah, was like that was cool learning. He just came in and he set the tone for how people view us. I think he came in, he said, yeah, I've been waiting for you motherfuckers.


Yeah. I said, nigga, we didn't even know that. He was like, yeah y'all motherfuckers talk like me, motherfucker, motherfucker, motherfucker, motherfucker, motherfucker motherfuckers. Hey he set the records of cus and I told History. I said, alright well it's gonna be a good one. Hey me and bro took a shot at XO before we recorded. It was like 10:00 AM It was, he said, I ain't been sleep. I said, oh yeah, classic. On the way. That's why I like, he said the energy, like even DeMar de Rose when he said he came in, he was like, y'all make us comfortable. Like I have to compare y'all nobody but y'all remind us like the hoop drink so we just get Oh yeah, I mean Phoenix, listen. Yeah, DeMar Real. That's where we was. Phoenix. Not, we love working, we love doing this shit. We appreciate y'all because the fact that we get to do this for y'all man, this will mean the world to us.


We really worked in Phoenix. We was in Phoenix what, 36 hours maybe? Yeah. Yeah. We worked a whole day straight on some accidental shit. We pulled up to Dame Ke shout to Dame Dallas for making that happen. We couldn't make All-Star happen, but he a solid nigga and double back with us and we appreciate Dame for that for sure. We flew out there to the camp, had all access, talk to Adidas team. Like that was dope to see the behind the scenes stuff. But as we in there et walk in, you know what time it is, we on bullshit. When we see ET he pull up to the hotel we got Staying in. Yeah. We see Demarro. Look, we went downstairs to talk shit to Knock Rivers on the way out the door. Yeah. This nigga DeMar pulled up like, damn, what's up? Him and bi here and instantly locked in. Yeah, That's, that's my guy him Daylon Terry, they all locked in instantly and we just made that shit happen.


That's my guy and OG Mike Bivy pulled up because I I, I was really like Phoenix was a great trip, was a great trip. That was all within one day was a K our day. Came him all the way to Phoenix for Dam Miller and Mike Bivy and came out with some more work. You know what I mean? Yeah. That shit is shit was dope. Yeah. Yeah bro. All ET for sure. They all was fire interviews et man. But for ET man, I like for DeMar to recognize us in a way like to show love. Like dang, I just make people comfortable. That's my biggest thing about doing this. I just always wanted to have fun and actually, you know, we don't depend on guests. That ain't our thing. But then when we do get guests and they like comfortable and they wanna chop it up and be like yeah, they ain't wanna come on the show. Yeah. And wanna have fun with us and not make it seem like it's a press run or whatever. I think that's what make it dope.


And then like for the fans, like when they be like, man I watch it, it's inspirational. Like when we go live with the fans and stuff. Yeah. That's what made me, 'cause I was about to quit earlier Y like y'all Got me messed up. Yeah. I was almost done. Was Can we talk about that story on camera? Which one? The day before. What day? When I was about to quit? Yeah, I quit about five times. I said he Quit multiple times. What time quit? What? Quit the day before we signed the first time. Oh. I was really gonna quit that day. Oh yeah. Was that 2024? No, that was going into 2024. We almost didn't have a 2024. Oh yeah. I was gonna quit that time then yesterday I was gonna quit because people was talking about my, I was like listen, the only thing I care about is Pike job and my wife.


Yeah. Don't play with my jobs bro. Yeah. I love them. Kids is an emotional rollercoaster. Yeah. I love 'em. Kids don't do that. Yeah, He was showed when I'm done bro. Yeah. Oh yeah. Y'all playing with my, I love them. Kids don't do that. Niggas not there coaching for the financial game or the Fame game. S nigga. My dad. You really quit a lot of times. Yeah, I quit five times Because Y'all niggas be playing around. But listen To Be the, to the look. The only time I quit because, alright, so y'all know, y'all know us but y'all know I'm a workaholic. Like I'm a od workaholic.


Right. I'm probably od like I, I go od with a lot of shit. So you don't drink Water when you work Out? Nah, I'm just an od like if I start doing something I just get od about it. So like, if I don't feel like it's od if you ain't od with me, I get, I get feeling weird like why we ain't podcasting today Gil No podcast eight times a week. And then they be like, well I do got kids, I don't got kids. So I'll be like, I quit man, be with your kids bro. And they just be like, niggas got families, go be with your family nigga. I don't need you to tell me. Gonna be with my family. Fuck nigga, I'm gonna be with my family every day nigga. Get the fuck outta here nigga. See you tomorrow bro. I gotta take my kid to school. Yeah.


And then I just, I bounce back and be like, my fuck y'all, y'all got kids man, I love y kids my steps stepson. Oh bro, we he drive got accused we gotta raise your kids. I said bro, I'll have to raise it regardless. You having this weak ass Steve Harvey moment with me. Nigga's not needed. Put your hat back on. The fuck. And then when I start coaching out I be having to him, Hey I gotta go here. They'd be like, oh, oh nigga. Oh you oh yeah the same. Oh nigga. Oh we almost didn't go to Dallas because we gotta go to Aruba on the boat. Oh wow. Yeah, if y'all not in Dallas. Oh that was, we can't say how much money that was about to fumble a nice piece of change.


Yeah. So I, I respect they they they situations now. So that's why I ain't quit a long time. But yesterday I almost quit but I'm back though. We love y'all. That was funny as hell bro. It be them days they be like man we have a lot of good them days. They be crazy. Be like God damn I just don't ever want us to take this shit for granted y'all. Hell no bro. We got this moment man. Hopefully this shit can go on as long as we want to. But nah and I love this shit. I love everybody who love us man. It's dope. Yeah. Yeah. I think the dopest part about it's at, at the tourist exodus we all, we really fans like we talking about what we having guests on like we really be fans of like basketball and shit. So like when we get to just like kick in and get out like bro we had Ice Cube on this podcast fan out.


Yeah I was Ice Cube bro. I was shook. I I met him 10 times. I was still shook. We about to ask him about that. My dad, he was like, nigga you about to meet Ice Cube. Like yeah I was shook about Ice Cube. Who was, I really shook for Mike Epps. Mike Epps. I don't know why I was shook for. I met him 20 but I got nervous. I don't know. I wish we get, I hope not. We, I hope we get more entertainers though. Next 20, 25 on here outside of athletes just to broaden the pod up a little bit. I think Touch up and dribble for a while. I think get back to basketball. Think entertainers probably. I mean we don't have to go Charleston watching Woody in Orlando Brown. Everybody said Dr. Omar, that's, that's not happening now.


Yeah, I don't think it was happening anyway. I ain't gonna hold you. Why? Because Dror what he did with the money allegedly. They saying we not gonna do Dror now because Oh no we wait, wait, wait. That's two totally different things. Well they don't think we'll have him on this platform 'cause of that. Nope. Oh y'all crazy. Yeah y'all crazy. Oh, Dr. Umar on on Dead. Yeah for sure. Yeah. Pull up for sure. For sure. I donate to the school I was talking about niggas like you know send the entertainer somebody comedians, we like some I be that'd be dope to get some people that we just, I our goal was to interview people that we all fans. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. We still gotta get Allen Iversson so in the chat and the fans. Can y'all keep tagging Allen Iverson so Yes. Yeah we need Gary Payton on here man. Gary Payton. We supposed to have GP Big three.


I'm mad we missed that. Yeah, I don't know what Nick Van X was doing Man, I I Quick. That's my guy we need Quick on here. And then Kendrick Perkins. We already about to lock in with Big Perk. Oh yeah, big per here bro. Yeah it's gonna be great shit to talk about 2025. We got some exciting stuff coming. Maybe the Lord bless us with a Joe Johnson interview man. Man. Well we still looking for Joe. If y'all somebody gotta find Joe, y'all put an Embr alert out for Joe. Tell him that five 20 looking for him. Joe is gonna like this YouTube video. Hey go by his dad. Hey Joe you so Hey Joe, you so wild. We ain't say all this shit about him but he end up liking the comment. We be like yeah we looking for Joe man we can't wait for him to get on the pod. Man. We pulled up to Atlanta to see and he would, he ain't answering like what the fuck, I ain't never got left red in real life.


That shit is crazy. Dude pulled up Atlanta that was, that was Catfish type shit. For real bro. Us driving past the yoga spot was hilarious bro. I was in that fucking Uber crying and I'm still, oh I forgot I talked to Jamal too. We got Jamal. I can't wait for you Jam. Yeah for sure. On here. One of my favorite people. That's gotta happen. Dang you brought up Boston. Boston Big three. Big three Show Love. That was crazy. Yeah, that was random interviews too for sure. Man. Shout to Swaggy P. That's one of my favorite episodes too. Fire QBs. Was any of those planned? We was just going out there for content right? Yeah we just going out there for content. Yeah we just pulled up and just made it happen. Cube was planned.


Yeah. Most that was organized but we got like three out that though we yeah. Sometimes been in the right place mean and everything. For real, for real. Shout out to my nigga t Gibson too. Ah yeah TG and Etwine. Yep. Went crazy for though. Definitely, definitely Twine. Shout out to the NBA pa. That was a part of 2024 too. But e if we, you my dog forever bro coming through and the clutch for us. You really don't even know what that interview means meant to us bro. That was big for the city and big for our vacation. Stay in Orlando. Facts bro. So love gang. Thank you and TJ because I just bumped into TJ in the lobby like bro what doing bro? Like nah, I fuck with your show bro.


I'm sliding. So t shout out to both of y'all for sure. Nah for sure bro because that was one of the woo get well soon list from Club Fox 20 as well. That was how I'm there. Yeah. So between the W and the Player Association. Yeah but we need, we need, we gotta get Luke on here. John Lucas. Yeah and my boy Da Derrick Anderson. You gotta come on man. Oh yeah for sure. Yeah we got look out here after shrimp. Y'all gotta talk y y'all. I both of y'all have to talk about the the Somalian club situation bro. That's an iconic club. 5 24 bro. Fuck it. You gotta bring Jared Bailey on here too to clean it up. Jerry. I think he a lawyer now. For real. Ain't that crazy. I think he was studying to be a lawyer. I think he might have finally got it. I think he passed a bar.


Become a lawyer. Nah, that's for, that's tough. Yeah, he was a league and a lawyer bro. He had a hell of a life. That's fire bro. Nah, that's fire. He like a big and real estate too. Nah, he was a genius bro. He used to wear a suit every day. Y'all said that he was running club and then Stacey Adams left in the STAs bro. I don't mean to disrespect his feet. They might've been Stacey's but they suit was funny. They might have been Gucci. I got him fucked up. Nah, they wasn't always no Stacey. I know he was getting chicken. There was probably some Jaap no disrespecting his feet remember was over but Well him running in there was crazy. He definitely was moving. That's what turned him into a lawyer. Yeah, I fight, fight my wholes. That's crazy man. That's man, we done had some moments on this motherfucker for sure man.


It's pretty cool man. We, we still ain't got the origin story for Mike yet. It's coming 2025 camera's and cupcakes. The fitter cameras and cupcakes coming. So if you didn't get one thing, got that episode. Cameras and cupcakes. What we do, I think we really should interview him one day from his beginning bro. For real cameras and cupcakes. Where he where started from get started right now he, this is not his real life. What he do now is a joke. He don't do this. He does not do this For real. Why He just not my life a joke. I'm just, it's crazy. It's bro because you're no doubt it's funnier because your main focus is really laying on that ground bro. Setting them props up bro. Taking them pictures. He's grooming Jeff's nephew or loving nephew Malcolm to be one of the next snipers.


You feel me? Everybody call of Duty mouth. I of duty the next night Mike. No for sure. What was that little gun before you used to get on oh oh seven all the time. Gold Gun. Yeah that's R CCP 90. Yeah. Oh you a real snake. You a real killer. We got, you know what I mean? So we, we need freaky Mike's origin, you know what I mean Sierra this is just, it's for it like he's a, what do you call it, a personality now? Nah. Yeah you are bro. Maybe freaky Mike. Hey you know shit done changed. Should do numbers too. Once I real shit. That's the craziest thing. If you, we interview I own my life. That'll do numbers. That's gonna be funny as fuck. It'll be a, it'll be a Patriot exclusive.


Nah, nah, nah bro. That'll do that. But you gotta be a guest though. You can't act like you don't wanna answer questions either. Yeah, you have to be a guest. Y'all trying to gimme jammed. It's a part of it bro. It's part of being here like the shit you said at home to your wife about me and just, it's crazy the way you threw, the way you threw us under that bus. Yeah. So it then rolled over. Oh my god. Self sabotage know. I was like damn. I know shit done changed man. I seen my nigga Mike pull up in the new bounces. I said man it is getting cold outside man. Oh I he, he's a Nike guy. New bounce. Oh you wear a new bounce. I ain't never seen you wear none. I never seen to wear nothing but Nike after my foot surgery. This shit actually feels a lot better than the ro.


So you had got your corn removed? No it was damn bad. Bitch feet woo on. He got a lure feed. I think it got a core removed. I damn. Hey I ever seen a movie Grownups. Yeah you remember that started about the gr toe. You got the black grandma. That's Mike to bro. That nigga had a thumper on that bitch. Yawn. That's what they called it though. What they you had to get removed. I had bone spurs. No, no, no nigga. But niggas call it Bunion had a bunion. Hey one them one them kids steal his headphones.


That 2024. Fuck you. 20, 24 I think was watching them drive off with his shit. He's like look at them, they're on the move. They're on set Street. Stop. It's not funny. But they stole Sierra did they steal Sierra car? Stole Sierra car with a charger but no, Sierra left my door wide open. Oh my God. And they stole my headphones off my seat. That nigga said look at they're on the move, they're on 10th Street right now. This whole nigga trying to pull up now they're on hundred six gonna shoot you, you about get I 500. Like take like I about go get it. They right there 10th Street for some crazy, some niggas that steal wasn't getting nigga.


Nigga was really, I like I can knee right there man. I was like man you cop be a pop nigga. Get them cuffs ready, think about bla. Oh man. That's funny as shit. Oh man, that's never leaving my head bro. I swear to God nigga pulling up on niggas. That was 2024. Yeah, that's funny. That's at the top bro. Yeah it was at the very beginning at the top of 2024. That's crazy. Oh shit. You know what? That's some crazy random shit we didn't even bring up shit. The morning show. Mm. That's crazy. Hell what edition? We've had it five 20 the morning. Been going crazy last couple months. I can't wait till we really get it where we want to. For sure. I'm glad you brought that up. 'cause the whole reason of having Charleston y and all these dudes and entertainers is 'cause we trying to show the difference between the night show and the morning show.


The morning show is basically a sports show. I know we clown and do other stuff on there, but yeah, it's really geared towards sports. We want this to be more culture entertainment with a dab of sports in it. Yeah. So it's two different shows. I know y'all still probably don't understand it. I know some people have our core fans gotta, they started understanding but so that's why and we had that Patreon exclusive because what Patreon say to us, they won't trust him. They don't get, we don't, they wanted him and we don't give 'em enough love. So yeah, shout Patreon. Yeah. Went crazy, you know. But it happens again. We don't agree with everything our guest said but it did happen. Yep. And it is what Nah, shout out to the morning show though.


That's, it's about to get bigger and better. Y'all for real man. I love the morning show and we got some integrations. We going pop in next year. We got some guests, some constant people you might see on the show more frequently, man. The morning show's really, really about they getting, getting the audio together. I I fuck with it just because like we have to be the only people in the world that started off at the very beginning and let y'all see all the mistakes. Yeah. Yeah. This shit really should have been a Patreon exclusive at first and then when we got it. But fuck I fuck with it. Fuck. You know what I mean? Yeah. We fuck with them so we just like, yeah they know us. We raw, we real. It is all in-house stuff. Like we all from here, we all do all this in-house.


We don't drive watching Mike and this nigga Malcolm try to figure to fix the audio. They still ain't fix it. They could put some, this shit sounds great now. Yeah they put some little pads up for the sound but this nigga put some gym pads up for soundproof. I said nah we gotta call somebody. Yeah, them karate passes up. You got karate Pass the walls. Hey get the sound mean. Shout to the wood wall. I mean the brick wall that Mike put brick by Brick on there. I was gonna say we didn't even get to the first set set and said what the fuck is this on our head? Yeah motherfucker's all these niggas lame as fuck.


They talk about our chairs. Yep. Chairs. DJ still. DJ still too little. We sit no pass man. Like we had a motherfucker our son football game. Yeah nigga like we got the bleachers at pipe them kid move seats. So y'all are growing with us. For sure. For sure, for sure, for sure. That's the dope part about like you said, bro, we do all this shit in real time, man. We listen. Y'all done got us to this point. We ain't tripping off being real about you. That's how it works. Yeah, we got a production team of two people. Shout to the people behind the scenes who help as well. But it, it is five of us here and we make that shit happen. Nah, I love to see that shit happen man. It's fun. We be having fun so I ain't quitting in 2025.


I probably quit in middle of the year but I'll be back. It's crazy. E man, we appreciate y'all. We going to be here. Hope to have a great 2025. We gonna be back next time. Be here. We ain't got no mercy sale, do we? Nah. Shop club five twenty.com and help us hit a million subscribers in 2025. That's the goal. 25 to 5 20, 24. Appreciate y'all. We'll be back next time. We got some new merch coming on 2025, don't we? Oh yeah. Yep. Whole lot. A lot of great collab man. We ain't gonna say nothing there, but we got some dope shit on the way for sure. We'll be back next time. The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan, Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of real-time spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's real-time data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pick up or in store. Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including Romantic Auto autobiographies, true Crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon Music app now to start listening terms apply.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order Now terms and conditions apply. See app for details.