
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state


By, thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. You know what I look, I've known Snoop probably 30 plus years and the only thing, and he's one of the few people that when you meet him, he makes you feel like he's known you for a hundred years. And I love what he did because a lot of times, and I can just speak to us, is that we don't wanna see us because if somebody might be, man, he might be trying to do better me. I ain't telling him ish. Right, Right. But that's not what Snoop did Exactly. Snoop pulled you in and said, bro, hey, you smoke. Hey, do your thing. Yep. Hey, I'm here to help. Yep. I appreciate that. Yeah, He did. I love, I love that about Snoop. I love that about him too. He did the complete opposite of hate on me. He made a movie with me, he was like, nigga, I'm kidnapping you coming to la we making a movie.


Right. And he embraced the hell outta me, man. And like when he heard C orange juice, he was like, Bru this remind me of like my old shit. Just the, he was like, you don't remind me of Snoop Dogg. He was like, but just the way you kicking that shit. And just the vibe of it. He was like, bro, like I haven't heard nothing like this in a long ass time. So he was really into it before people were making comparisons. Yes. Like letting him know like what my legacy could be. But then he started hanging out with me. He was like, oh, this motherfucker a rock star. Yeah. Yeah. So like we really developed a bond and like we've been on tours together and we made movies together. We've done so much stuff like branding wise together, like helping each other grow or it's like, damn bro.


Like IWI, I wouldn't even know what to do without Snoop, man. Yeah. I don't know. Snoop say he's, he say you gave him a run for his money though, with the weeds? Yeah. Oh Yeah. Hell yeah. I mean, I have to. I'm the young, I'm the young lungs. I be working out and all that shit. So like I got the young lungs. Yeah, exactly. Dispensaries, you know, obviously weed has become legal, but there's not a whole lot of, or if any blacks that own dispensaries. Would you like to see that change? I would like to see it change. I just want to see the business change. Okay. Because a lot of black owned businesses be like, well a lot of black owned weed businesses be like selling pounds to like in the streets.


And it's like, you can't that Up. You can't. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You gotta gotta do the right thing. You can't Do both. Like you gotta do it the right way. Correct. It's like when the homie comes to you and asks you, like, for PS you gotta be like, no, we don't do it like that. Like Right. Blah, blah, blah. Like the, you know what I'm saying? Yes. Buy the books and you have to go through a process. It ha it's gonna take a little bit of time. You gotta have to deal with people that you might necessarily not want to have to deal with. But there is a way to present it because in the marijuana industry, it's not black or white or anything. It's green. Green. Literally And figuratively. Yeah. Like for real. So like, come on in. Like, I would love that, but I would also love to see us, our black-owned dispensaries do it the right way.


Right. For longevity and to stay legal and to stay, you know what I mean? There's like small little rules that you know, okay, you can have a dispensary but you can't smoke in here. You know what I mean? You can't smoke around the dispensary. Right. Gone light up and, and test it out and figure it out and then, Then when it come shut you down and You don't like black people, it's like, no, we told you you can't smoke in here and you did. Right. So like, come on. And also, we gotta get out this habit. Black-owned don't mean free. I mean people thinking, are you black? I black ain. Let your boy get that. Yeah. Nah. Black owned means support your boy. Yes.


And not just by word, I mean buy and wear it. Yeah, yeah. Be given to you. Yeah. Because that's what I get. You know, we sell merchandise, it's like, Hey, send me that. Send me this hoodie. Yeah. I'm like, bro, I gotta pay for that. Yeah. I gotta pay for that. This isn't promo, But obviously, I mean they, I mean, I don't know how many people know that you are in liquid death, but I'm probably sure they'd be asking, Hey man, hook your boy up with some of that water. Hook your boy up with the hat. Hey, we make, get your boy some of that weed. Yeah. Okay. Now, I mean that boxing cost you what about 500? What this? Yeah, shit more than that. This pre-rolls is like 50 bucks a piece. And how many in there?


200. Oh Lord. Yeah. Yep. Oh dude, I can't smoke. I Can't smoke is, I'm sitting in case of water you saying? And $50 10 10 K. Yeah. 10 K for that. Yeah. Yep. And that's only gonna last you a week. Oh, that gonna last me the whole year. I ain't smoking water. I smoking one of them a day. I ain't like half of one of them a day. Oh no, That's what I'm saying. That's, I'll send you the case of water. We'll be good. Yeah. Yeah. Gimme Water Man. I ain't doing that thing cost like that we cost. And so, but that's, that's some of the more expensive, because that's like top of the line, right?


Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All of 'em don't cost that. Nah, no, no, no, no. Okay. This is like the designer weed right here. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So you got, you got like the, the Ferrari and Lamborghini weed. Exactly. Okay. Exactly. 100%. Yeah. I think I might need a Honda. Yeah, you got the Honda Weed. You got any of that? Hey, We're full of Honda free, man. You need it. Liquid Death. How did, how did, because Ronnie, I did an interview with Ronnie and Ronnie probably drank like three cans while we were doing it. How, how, how did you, how did you get involved with this? It was something like right before Covid, they just came to me and were like, we're looking for investors and people to, you know, kind of be the face of our company.


Like, we don't have too many people. We're, we're this, we're that. We started up, we did this, we did that. And I was like, it sounds all right to me. They're like, we'll give you this and it is free water forever. I was like, free water. That sounds cool. But more than that is like building a company of like, it's, it's edgy. Like, you know what I'm Saying? Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's definitely, I mean, I mean water in a can And that's what their whole thing when they told me was like, a lot of people don't want to touch us because of our marketing and our branding. They's like, but we're not changing it. They're like, that's what we think are selling Point is the same shit that people hate is like the reason that we feel like people's gonna love us. And they're like, we got this, we got these flavors, we got this whole plan.


I'm like, sounds good to me. Right. Oh, they got flavored water too. Yeah. We got flavors, we got sparkling water. We got ice tea now we got, we got smaller cans. Yeah. We doing it big man. Okay. Yeah. Hell yeah. But yeah, it was just something that they, that they brought to me as, as an idea. And we went full in on that shit. Is there a partic particular strategy? Strategy that you use when investing in a company? Yeah, I usually don't take as much upfront, but I usually take ownership of the company. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Like if I can get a piece of the company for helping blow it up. Yeah. We can work.


And I have, I work with PFLI work with Yeah. You know, a lot of different people where it's like with Kevin Hart, right? Yeah. Exactly. Where it's like, you know, I use my influence and my expertise and you know, we're more of partners than it is like, like a licensing or like me just working for them. Right. You know what I mean? Your partnership. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. So the PFL Professional Fighters League, that's like a, that's like the UFC, correct? It's M-M-A-M-M-A. Yeah. MMA big Martial arts. It's martial, martial arts. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. And shout out to Dana. Like, we're not like YI don't hate Dana White. Yeah. But it's, it is mixed martial arts. Right. So how did you and Kev get into, how, how did you and Kev decide to come in on, on, on this venture?


Just through living the lifestyle. Kev works out as well and I don't know if you've ever seen him hit MITs, but he's like really good Right. With the hands. So when you dive into it more than just like training for, you know what I'm saying? Whatever, whatever purpose Or for health purpose. Yeah. Yeah. Like you kind of, you know, meet people and then he's very influential, you know, through his movies and his comedy and everything like that. And with me, just through music and weed and just culture, those types of companies are always looking for people to, you know, take their, their business to the level to next level. Right. Yeah. And it brings people on because like after me, Jake Paul got in involved with the people as well. Yeah. Right.


So it's like, you know, we're expanding just throughout, you know, generations and influences as well. Well, what'd you think about the Jake Paul, Mike Tyson fight? I think it was smart for them to do that fight. I, I seen a couple clips where it looked like Mike held back a few punches. He did. And as a fighter, I, I know when a nigga hold back some punches. Right. And I was like, damn. He could have, he could've, He could've Took his head Off. But if it's true that Mike couldn't throw the upper cut, I don't know what was true, but there was a overhand That he pulled back. Oh Yeah. He pulled that joint for sure Because he, the showed he'd he'd, it'd been over.


I mean it, Jake is tough, so I don't wanna say that it would've, He ain't taken that, I don't wanna say it would've been over We was a shot that you, but it Would've been a different fight. Had had a mic thrown that motherfucker full on. We'd have seen a different fight. The two punches that have the most impact is the upper cut and the, and the over the And over. Yeah. Because you can't see it. Yeah. Yeah. The uppercut is coming from underneath. Yeah. I'm looking at you and boom. Yeah. The overhead, by the time you realize it, it is too late. And he's like trained just to naturally throw that like Yes. After he does a certain movement, it just like follows. And I seen him kind of wind it up, but he like pulled it back. I was like, that was nice of him. Yeah. And, and plus Mike is known for the, the, the combo, right.


Body uppercut. Yeah. He, I love Jake. So this, I'm not, there's no like Jake slander going on here. Like I love how he sets his fights up. He's an entertainer. People could talk as much shit as they want, but they still watch the fights. Correct. So what'd it do? 60 million, 70 million on Netflix. Something million. Yeah. That's what it's going to do. Yeah. Something D million. Jay Glazer said the only person that hurt him with a body shot was you, when did you, when did you get into, into mixed martial arts? Like seven years ago. What made you, what what made you decide to do that? I just stumbled in the gym bro. Like, just walked in there and never left.


Were you fascinated by it? Was I fast? Nah, not really. Like, it wasn't even nothing that I seen myself doing. Like I just walked into the gym and you know what it was, it was more like the community Right. To me. Like, you know, I, I felt really like welcome. I still do feel welcome by the fighters, right. By the trainers, by anybody who's like willing to give off that information. I met some really, really cool people just through my fitness journey and like that just showed me something like bigger than the physical aspect of it. Yeah. But we is, you do realize most MMA fighters, they ain't got bread like you.


True. You came in there, you got bread. Yeah. And to go and to want to subject yourself to that type of training. Yeah. And it's like you not going, hopefully you don't ever have to use it, but I don't think that's why you went in there. You were like you said you was on this fitness journey. Yeah. You kinda liked it. The community that that that, that that the MMA that it entails. Yeah. And so you like, man, I feel a part of this. Yeah. But I think like being a martial artist is like a lifelong thing. Really. You don't have to have a reason to be a martial artist. Like You wanna get a black belt. I'm gonna have a black belt eventually. Like I do TaeKwonDo, I'm going to, you keep practicing Juujitsu Muay Hai. They don't really have like a belt system, but you know, if as long as I keep practicing I'll be like considered, you know.


Right. A black something. But it's like the majority of black belts, like they're not competing. Right. Or they're not like walking down the street like saving the city or anything like that. They just have their training in their back pocket and, and real martial artists, they train every day. Yes. And MMA is mixed martial arts. So even Muay Hai, kickboxing, boxing, they're all martial arts. Right. You know what I'm saying? So I consider myself a martial artist in training every day. Right. Yep. Do you, you wanna do a celebrity or MMA match with somebody? Do I want to do a celebrity MMA match with somebody Who you call it out a I wouldn't call out nobody 'cause nobody's as tall as me.


Nobody really like moves how I move. So it's like, Is is there any, is there any celebrity or entertainer that does MMA? There's a lot of entertainers that do MMA but they don't do it on a high level. Right. They do it like on a, on a entertainer level, you know, they're not really like getting black eyes and shit like that. Right. And like in a real MMA sit or, or whether it be like mohai, I would do kickboxing more than boxing. I wouldn't just do hands. Right. Because I got long ass legs. Like why not be able, you won't Use them. You know what I'm saying? And I don't know anybody who wants to get kicked in the head by me. No. Yeah. I don't. So would I do it? Yeah. But I just don't think anybody will want to do it.


Right. Like nobody in their right mind is gonna be like this nigga, six five, buck 80, go ahead. Kick me in my face. Knock me out in front of everybody. That's You. I, I read that you got, you got into it because you weighed it helped you gain weight. You was like, when you start, when you started, how, how much did you weigh Buck 40 At six five? Yeah. Yep. You were a skeleton? Yeah. Yeah, I was little. And then you got, you got the training, you got hooked. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Hell yeah. Was it, was it the same kinda rush you got when you started rapping? Was it the same rush I got when I started rapping?


Nah, I wasn't, because when I started rapping I just quit everything. It was like in the studio all the time. This is like a different point in my life where it's like I can balance it with everything. It taught me like balance. Okay. And it's like, you know, I could be in a studio for this amount of time, but I wanna make sure that I get my workout done as well. Right. So it wasn't it's discipline. It's not, it's not the same. Oh. That's what it taught. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's taught me discipline. I went shopping yesterday. I bought you a gift off Amazon. I think you gonna really like this. I Was there the whole time. Yeah. Yeah. There's a gift sitting there. Yeah. Where we got, oh, that's a little punching little thing.


Yeah. Yeah. Desk. Yeah. So you, you, because you say you Yeah. You, yeah. You work on your head. Yeah. Nice. That's a good idea, man. Thank you bro. I got you. I got you. Thank You. This is really nice Desk. It's a desktop or a punching bag. That's cool. Help you trained while you in the studio. You know, you want hey, in between, hey, you give somebody, give 'em a 10 minute break. I'm like, who's this company? I might need to buy them. I Like that. But I See a lot of rappers, I see Gunner, I see Offset in the gym. They, they're posting the POVs. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. I love seeing the homies working out, man. I think we all inspire each other. Two chains be working out. Yep. Chains. There's a lot of, there's a lot of artists who work out.


Jim Jones is one of the like the original Yeah. Get fit. You know what I'm saying? Rappers? Is that the new wave guys in the gym down? Definitely. Definitely. Because before you, Hey you guys definitely, because I mean, PAC rest his soul, he was ed up and ain't do no out. Yeah. I I think he was hitting some, some you think? Yeah. He was hitting some birthday or something. Okay. But, but, but Park was small though. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. I think now it's like just more into fitness. Like right before it was like, you know, I just wanted to smoke weed and get up. Right. But that part of my life is, you know, is You still wanna smoke weed, but I wanna do other things Get fucked up. But it's not the, the main goal.


It's like, you know what I mean? There's other things to life and I think like people are starting to figure out, like, you know, they've done like studies and shit and they're saying there's more people going to the gym than going to the club these days. Right. Which is cool. Like, I'm, I'm cool with that. I like that. Have you gotten, have you gotten in the gym with any of any of the guys? Have you seen any of 'em in the gym? Do they do anything? I see 'em work it out, but I don't know if they're in the gym. Like, what you doing? Yeah. No I haven't. I wanna take 'em through like one of my workouts. Yeah. That, that's my, that's my invite for, for the rappers. Like Right. Come do a wiz workout. Who, who do you think would be able to go through a MMA workout? I wanna speak positive and just say, you know, all, all of my, I don't know, Wiz.


Because that type of training is different. Yeah. You might train one way. Yeah. But somebody that doesn't train that way and they put you through theirs and it, it makes you feel like you have a workout. I'm talking Straight up, like any of them just coming straight in there like ain't gonna work. Pause. But anybody walking straight into the gym, like just off of doing whatever you're doing and you're walking straight into the gym to the workout, you, you're getting killed. Yes. Yeah. It's going, it's gonna marry you for sure. 100%. Because if you lift weights and don't do cardio, the cardio aspect is gonna kill you. Yeah. If you do cardio and don't do the weight components Yeah. The weight component's gonna kill you. Yeah. And then when you combine the two, You're dead. If you got any type of workout experience, you might make it through one of those.


Yeah. But like it's, it is going with you for sure. So yeah. I, I would just say, you know, just try it out. Like, you know what I'm saying? I, I, I like it 'cause it's a challenge. So anybody who really want to get challenged, they would be like, all right, cool. But we know we don't like take it easy on anybody to the point where it's like, you can do this, you can't do that. You gotta try to do same stuff. You gotta try to do everything. Everything. Everybody right? Yeah. Yep. Ryan Garcia, people thought Ryan was trying to use you as a pawn, as he shook your hand on camera after the racist ran. Did you know about the racist rant before? Yeah. You cool with Ryan? I am. Cool. Ryan, first of all, I don't know if that was really him saying all that racist stuff.


Right. Second of all, he ain't the first person that said that shouldn't have been saying that I shook their hand. Right. So I ain't tripping. All right. Right. He ain't cool with me. He ain't call me a He did. He said he did and called Me one. Oh yeah. Right. Okay. Okay. Own and labeled you own your own labor. Taylor Gang Entertainment. Yep. What have you, what have, having been in the business I think is probably easier for you to own a company because you understand the inner workings of set company and how the business actually worked. And you could tell the guy guys it don't work like that. Right. Because, you know, sometimes people have a, a preconceived notion of how they think the business work.


Right. Or how they think it should work. Right. When you've actually been in the business and you know how the business work, what's the hardest thing to try to get artists to understand as they're coming in and they're new and you've been at this thing for 20 years. I think the hardest thing to get 'em to understand is like, Let me think, let me think on that. I think the, the hardest thing to, to get 'em to understand is like the process of getting to that big point that they're trying to get to. Because when you're an artist, you think every one is it you're like, this is the one, this is it.


And then you just start to figure out like by number 10 you're like, oh shit. Like that wasn't it Like Right. But ev even on number 10, you still think it's the one. It's hard to tell a artist like this might not be it. Like, you know what I'm saying? Put your all into it. We're gonna do everything that we can. But if it doesn't like blow up or take off or put, put you in a $5 million house, it's not because we're not on your team. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like sometimes it just ain't it. Like, you know what I'm saying? Because everybody Thinks they're gonna be the next Jay-Z, the next whiz, the next snoop The next. And they think everything that they do is gonna be that thing to do it for 'em. Nobody. And that's a good thing because if you're an artist, you want to be be confident like that.


You don't wanna be like, oh man, this might or might not. You'd be like man, this is gonna get me the up outta here. But you gotta be ready to deal with it. Not get, if it doesn't Yeah, exactly. And a lot of s don't know how to deal with that. And they don't know how to keep riding it out. If that doesn't happen immediately


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause you know, I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in Everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than you know, those court side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus. Unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


Is it hard to manage rappers that want to rap but they still wanna be in the game? It's not hard for me 'cause I don't do it. I would never, because Once they come to you and says, okay, if you coming to do this, we're gonna do this. Yeah. Now if you try to do this and that, you can stay over there because I don't want no part of that. Yeah, you can't do that. You can't do that with me at all. There's no none of that. Yeah, because there's no one foot in and one foot out. Like the other one is gonna outweigh the other one. The bad one is gonna outweigh the good one. You know what I mean? You're not gonna get a million dollars and be like, okay now I could stop like doing what I was doing. Right. You're gonna go to jail and you're not ever gonna get the opportunity to reach it to where you was supposed to be doing what you were supposed to be doing.


Or it is going to set you back so far that you're just up your chances by gambling. And I don't gamble like, like that. Like, you know what I'm saying? I'd rather like, you know, take time and build something up and you know, just work, work at it like Right. Instead of like trying to have both. Like I don't do that so nah. Are are you doing something with college athletes? Oh well I had done a few ni ls. Okay. How did it go? It, It went really good. Okay. It was come, it was like low key, like some of the first little situations and then like, you know, it did a lot for the artists. I mean for the artists it did a lot for the athlete and you know, for what we were promoting.


Right. So it was, it was a good little thing. Signed. You signed Juicy j Ty dollar sign. Why do you think they trusted you? Because I think because everybody's heard these stories with about the music industry. Yeah. And man, I got half. Yeah man, I made like $4 and 42 cents on my first album. Yeah. And the album did 10 million. Yeah. Nah, hell nah. I think at that time, not even at that time, but just in general like We have so, such a influence, you know what I'm saying? Of like what's cool and what's not cool and you know, Ty working on his music for a long ass time and just needing that platform.


Not really needing, but just that platform being there, you know, just took it to the next level and Juicy already being a legend. Right. And just having a reinvention. I think it just all like, just had to do with like timing and us really being cool with each other. Us really with each other. Loving each other's music. Right. Supporting each other. And in turn, you know, it created a wave like that. Everybody through the fans and you know, everybody got to experience it still gets to experience. Right. Ty Dolla, he and Kanye released the album Vultures. If they ask him to get on, you know, ask you to get on Vultures too with 'em. You, you down.


Hell Yeah. Why wouldn't I be? Because I, I I'm, I'm thinking like, how do you determine who you gonna rock with on the album? Who me? Yeah. I don't Somebody hit you up and say, hey we willing to get you on this. I'm Down to work with anybody, yo. Yeah, but 2 50, 500. What they looking for If you Well, Ty's my brother so I'm not charging you charging him nothing. Like, okay, you my brother, you nothing. If you got a budget, like you said like two 50. Okay, yeah. Yeah, for sure. I ain't gonna be no rapper there.


No, But if like you, you the homie. So like you can get a verse whenever, if you text me and be like, Wizz, I got this song, you send me the song. Yeah. I'll send it back to you the same night with a verse on their ad libs. Yeah. Yeah. I'm about to get up into it. Exactly man. Get a Little liquid there. Yep. But I told you I own everything though. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. See, I, I knew it was Catch somewhere. I read You almost signed Lil Uzi ver why, why, why didn't, why you didn't sign him? Shit, he signed with Canon and drama, but he was like, he was like down with Taylor Gang. Yeah. And we wanted to manage like co-manage. Yeah. It, I don't think it was ever supposed to be like a label thing 'cause we had brought him through Atlantic.


Right. And they were always supposed to handle like that side of it, but it was more supposed to be like co-management type of thing. But even just him ending up with drama and Canon and Lake and them, like they're still family. Right. So it's like, it's a win-win. How Do you determine an artist that you wanna work with, that you wanna sign to your label that you will like, want to want to help grow? How do you determine that? Wiz? I just go off if I like them or not. Like I, if I like their music, usually I'll catch onto an artist's music like before it takes off so I can see the potential in like the wave or, you know what I mean? They might have like a cool little fan base. They got their own little lingo and all of this stuff. So it's like, damn, I could see what that world is and I could see what, you know, our platform can do for that world.


That's usually what makes me wanna work with an artist. Do you, are you listening to artists now? Do you like, okay, do people send you a lot of stuff and say, Hey, we'll take a look, listen to this. Tell me what you think. Yeah, they, they sent me a lot of stuff and I think a lot of people just off of me being a legend in a game at this point, they're like, I would love to work with Wiz or you know, I would be signing the Taylor game, blah blah blah. But I just think the way that the game is set up now, it just makes more sense for artists to really work for themselves. Like, you know what I mean? Really. Yeah. Unless you're a writer or unless you already have a complete package and you're just looking to go to the next level and you don't want to do like all the work independently and you're looking for somebody to do that.


But my advice for any artist would just be like, just do it all yourself yo. And, and if you want to, if you wanna with a legend or if you want to be a part of somebody's crew or some shit like that, you can always do it later. Like Right. You, you don't have to give them your music. Right. And that, I think that's just me being cool. 'cause I don't wanna take anything away from anybody. I don't wanna own anybody's music. I don't want to, I don't see somebody and see, you know, dollar signs. But there's a bunch of talented people who can make a lot of money out there. Right. Yeah. Do you ever get stuffed like this ain't it Man, these days there is no such thing as this ain't it? Yo, it could be the weakest song ever, bro. That shit is going to go crazy somewhere, bro.


Like, there's 15 seconds in there. So I look at everything. Like even if I, it's not my personal taste, I'd be like, there's somebody who will go crazy to this shit. Like I see, I see the, the beauty in all of this shit. When you did bake sale with Travis Scott, how was that experience? It was cool as hell. He popped up on me at a studio. We were in Hollywood, I think I was in Paramount and I was just randomly recording in the back and he had been in the room up front and he heard I was there and he just popped in and threw some beats on and like started freestyling. I was like, record that shit. And he recorded the first verse and we got stoned and he just left and he left his shoes in there and everything.


Like, so it was just Travis Scott's shoes and his voice playing on the, on the thing. Like everybody's coming in and they're like, yo, is that Travis? I'm like, hell yeah. And his shoes is right over there. So it was crazy. Congrats on welcoming the daughter this year. Oh, Thank you. How is your parenting skills or your parenting style different than your parents? I would say that I'm very similar to how my dad parented me. Where he was like really calm and gentle.


He didn't really raise his voice, but he was stern. Right. You knew he meant business when he said something. Oh hell yeah. Like Because, because military fathers are very disciplined, they're very structured. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. He's super stern, like just as a, a guy, you know what I mean? Just as a a man, he is like a, just got a, this energy about him and I carry my father's energy for sure. Right. And I, I'm like my mother where I'm like super cool and lenient. Like my mom is like very chill. She's like the life of the party turned up music playing, movies on whatever, whatever. Like just loud people over like, you know what I'm saying?


Yeah. Like, so I'm a combination of of of them, two of both of them. And I would say I'm different. I'm probably, and I, I'll give my parents grace 'cause I'm older. I probably just due to the circumstance, I'm a little bit more patient than them. Yes. Hope People don't got patience, Man. Like, because my mom would just whoop everybody in the house. Like soon as something went wrong everybody's getting a beaten, everybody's getting cussed out. And my dad was more like taking my privileges punishment. Yeah. You know, you didn't do this all right, well blah blah blah. And it's like, well my son, I'm like, come on man. I'd be cleaning up after him and shit. Like I'd be packing his bag for him helping him out.


My dad would've never done that shit for me. Right. So yeah. Is being a, is being a dad everything you thought it would be? Absolutely. It's, it, it is everything I thought it would be and more actually. Really? Yeah. Because I knew I would love having kids but I didn't know that I would just like be willing to sacrifice so much for my kids. And there's like a lot of the times where I would just rather, you know, be there with them or be available for them. So it's like certain stuff is like, nah, I ain't gonna do that or I'm only gonna do that much of that. Right. So I can get back to, you know, the shit that I actually love. Right. Yeah. Yep.


Now is it true that after divorce with Amber, y'all went to the strip club? I mean not immediately. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. No actually it was like the day after the divorce was finalized. Hold up how you divorced the woman and then turn around and take the woman to the strip club with Because we cool, we just can't be in a relationship together. We agreed y'all can look at women together but we can't be together. Yeah. We agreed on that. You took your mom to the strip club too one time. How was that? It was cool. You never been to the strip club with your mom? No, ain't going with her. Come on man. Nah, I Told you my mom Was cool. Yeah. My mom ain't that cool.


Didn't I tell you she was lenient? Yes. Yeah. But how is that going? How is that going? I couldn't even imagine going to the strip club with an ex. Why not? Man? Man, I told You I'm a big ass player man. Don't forget this stuff. Ain't ain't. But I, I so, so did, did like, do women find out like that's your, that's your ex, that's your wife, right? No, that's my ex. That's your ex-wife and she here with you? Or do you get, did you get questions like that? Yeah. And you like Yeah. Okay Ann, I mean we buying each other lap dances. You like, come on now. Oh do Do that again. Well really I give her the money and let her throw the money on the ass.


Okay. So she got the big stack of money and she's throwing it on the ass like, you know what I mean? Yeah. She Was having a good time. Huh? Great time. You Was having a good time too, huh? I always have a good time. So what city would you say have the best strip clubs? Houston. Better than the A? Yeah. Better than the A But Houston nice the way. Yeah, see exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I'm not saying the a's not cracking, but Houston is like just a different level. Like, you know, I mean I ended up to the strip club. What? I never been not in Houston. What I, I went to the strip club the first time probably about, about five months ago. First time, about 17 years. Okay.


I know why I stopped. Yeah. I ain't going back. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But Houston women, I need a 17 year break too Man. If if, if the women in the clubs look like the women walking down the street. Yeah. Boy you got hell on your hand. They look even better in the strip club and they're, I mean it's down south so they're super nice. Like Yeah. Houston strip clubs. What top tier Was it Hard you and Amber was, was married. You have a child together? I think Sebastian. Her son. Yeah. Was it hard? You separate go your separate ways do, but you're gonna raise the child together. Was that hard or, or you, because you experienced it with your mom and dad and saw how they did it.


Mm. You are like hell they did it. I could do it. I think it was difficult at first because we were really, you know, tight like Yeah. In our relationship like just together. So it was unfortunate that it didn't work out Right. Like that. That really sucked. And I think we both felt, you know, some type of way about that. But as time went on, I think we were both really allowed to be like really great parents separate from each other. Right. She's a great mother, she's a great person. I'm a great father, I'm a great person. Sometimes being in a relationship can like dilute that. Yes. 'cause you're like man, you blah blah blah. You did that, you did that. But now that's all we have to focus on. Right.


And like that that's really, really like positive for us and we're able to make like great decisions based off of that. What do you think about Mace saying that you and 21 Savage did y'all best music when y'all with Amber? Who said that? Mace The rapper. Mace first of all I mace. I don't know why he would say some crap like that. Don't be pumping Amber's head up. She don't need no more of that. Right. Yeah. I mean if that's what he think, if that's his opinion. Right. Are you open to getting married again? Nah. You done with that? Just the whole like signing the paperwork. Right. Legal part of marriage.


I'm not against having a partner for life. I'm just against like the legal side of of marriage. What about the public side of it? I don't really enjoy the public side of it. Mm. Yeah I wouldn't, I wouldn't, I wouldn't Subject that person to that Not even subject that person to that. I wouldn't take that path for myself. 'cause that's a choice. Yes. Yeah. I wouldn't choose that. Right. Yeah. At all. So are you like, are you cool with dating someone that's not a celebrity? Could you date? I don't, I'm probably gonna get killed a normal, a woman that worked a nine to five that's not in the industry. That's not a celebrity, that's not a rapper. That's not an entertainer.


That's not, I mean like preference wise, it doesn't matter what your job or what you do is. So I don't think that determines but just like a nor coming from like a normal background. It would be, it's more difficult to like have them be accustomed to the, because They don't understand your lifestyle. They Don't understand it and it, and there's things that people think that they're ready for. It is more like we could be at a dinner and six chicks can come up to me and want to take a picture with me and I have to be nice to them. Right. Any normal woman is gonna feel some type of way. Correct. You have to be special and like really up on game to be like, let me put my feelings to the side.


Let me support, let me not trip on him afterwards. Make him, make him feel guilty. Like, you know what I'm saying? Let me not insinuate anything. The stuff that normal women would do because that could mess up my situation because I don't need that every time. Right. I'm doing what I'm doing. This comes with what I'm doing. As long as I'm not being disrespectful, like, you know, smacking ass or anything like that. Like we should be cool. Right. And if I could smack some ass then let me know. You probably give you the green light of skill club. Not the restaurant. Not the restaurant. So lemme ask you a question. What do you think the time limit is? You're not gonna get married, but how long do you think a person should get to know someone?


How long should they date before they pop the question? 10 years. Damn. Yep. Well they better start getting together when they in their twenties. Yep. 10 years. Why 10? Because that's long enough to know the person, the person's family and the person that you gonna deal with when y'all move in together. You think that per, so do you think you should move in right away or do you wait until you actually married, till you move into with that person? It depends on what your situation is like, what the circumstances are. Okay. So some people gonna move in right away. Yes. Still need time to figure it out. If you don't move in right away, you're gonna learn.


You are gonna have one person when you're not living and then you're gonna have another person when you are sharing things, you're gonna be sharing finances. Whoa. Yeah. It is tricky when you start doing that. Yeah. But no, no you got, you got little finance over here that you let her see you got the big finances over there that you let the financial people see. Yeah. All right. Come on Wiz. That woman wants see everything brother. When you sign that paperwork, it's hers. Oh Dog. We got a little Jordan cap. We got a little dollars in there. See That causes such like, that causes like arguments 'cause they like, oh well you don't trust me with your money. No, not that much Money. See that's what I'm saying. Those those women who wanna see it all brother.


Nah. They wanna see if you, if you spend, if you sending something to somebody else 10 years, you don't know what's going on. You're Like this, I been here this long. It is like he obviously doing something. Right. Right. Great. Lemme ask you this. Who are four people you would wanna smoke with? Dead or alive? I'm gonna give you four that you wanna smoke with. Bob Marley. Malcolm X. Ronald Isley.


And You said four. Four Donatello from the Ninja Turtle. Gimme, gimme your five, your four Mount Rushmore weed smokers. Me, Snoop, Willie Nelson and Bob Marley. I had, yeah, that, that was the list. I would've, I would've go, I would've go with also. Yeah. I think that's it. There's a lot of great weed smokers. Like be real. I don't wanna take be real. Right. We gotta, we gotta make be real extra plays. Yo. Okay. Yeah. Be real is on there too. Wow. Yeah, be real for sure. You smoke with Michael Phelps?


I mean the man won like a thousand gold medals right in swimming. So he got to have some lung Capacity. He got some lungs. He got to, Yeah. He got lungs, huh? Yeah, I told him not to inhale the joint like the whole thing and won. 'cause I thought he was just gonna smoke the whole joint with one pool. But he nah, he, he held it down. He didn't, he's a cool dude though. He's super chill. Yeah. Yeah. He's a hippie dog. Yeah, yeah. Smoke weed and swim. I don't know. I don't know how you do that. We Got lungs bro. I know. Yeah. But normally for like holding your breath underwater, not the, not the the pull Bro. You ever hit a bong? No. Yeah, you gotta have some lungs.


But that's, you hit bongs or you just mainly do that? I smoke Bongs, smoke bongs, dabs, bowls, joints. I just don't smoke blunts. Why not blunts? Why you Give? I don't like tobacco. Oh, okay. Yeah. You could live forever smoking. Just pot. Yeah bro. Like you start mixing the tobacco with it. Like That's then that other stuff come into, It's when Yeah, that's when it gets tricky. So lemme ask you a question. How many you, how many, how many joints you think you smoke? Smoke a day. If I could count upwards of 29 A day. Yeah. There's only 24 hours in a day where if you gotta sleep at least eight hours. But I might smoke like three back to back.


Yeah. Oh. Especially when I'm recording even more than that because I'm just like, I might have two in my hand like this. What? Yeah. And you only smoke your product? Yeah. Khalifa Kush only 10 years. At least 10 years. Almost 10 years, 12 years. How do you, how did you come up with this combination? Burner brought it to me. Shout out to Burner and, and he Burner boy Burner. Just Burner. Okay. Burner okay. From the Bay. Okay. But if he's not on the weed Mount Rushmore, he's on the weed. What's the equivalent to Mount Rushmore?


But not quite Mount Mount ish. He's something Yeah, he's, he's legendary right? He's he's, he's got like burner's a legend in the weed game. Right, right. He's pretty much legalized weed his damn self. And he brought me this strain like 10 years ago. He was just bringing me packs like from from the bay. Like we would just always smoke the newest, freshest, coolest weed. Right. And then he was like, you know what, I'm gonna just bring you this one. I'm gonna see if you like it. It is not what people are with right now, but I'll see if you like it. And I was like, man, I love this weed. Like it was the perfect weed and it's been the same exact one since that day. Yeah. Yep.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause you know I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than you know those court side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. Game on.


Because EPN plus content is now available on Disney plus Disney. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN Plus together like never before with ESPN plus, unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


So and so you're like, bro, I like this. So how did you come up, it's like, you know what, I want to get me that and I'm going to monetize. I'm gonna, what's the market it? Yeah. Sell it. Yeah. And it's gonna be, you know, so now Khalifa, Well we trade, yeah. We trademark the name and we get the genetics, which is the seeds in the, in the clones. And you know, we locked that in a, in a golden case because nobody can get that. Right. So nobody can, Nobody gets the original. Right. But we cloned it and then that's where we get everything else.


Okay. Put this clone on a private jet with six armed guards, just a little baby, little weed plant. Right. You know what I mean? You, you're getting flown to this state so we can turn you into a whole room full of this shit. Right. So that's how it happens. Do you do cross, cross pollination? Well, we do that for the, for the, the other strands. Okay. Like the Khalifa Minz. Okay. And the violet sky and the baby turtle, they're all crosses with original kk. Okay. With other plants. So you get other weed plants and you let 'em Yeah. Lemme ask you this.


Who are some of your athletes stoners of all time? The best athletes Stoners of all time. What's my boy name? What's the, what's the dude who quit playing football? Ricky Williams. Ricky Williams. Ricky Williams. You ever smoke with Ricky? Nah, I Ain't smoke with Ricky yet. Mike Tomlin. Mike Toley. You got West Soul. Bill Walton was, was a weeds worker. Kareem, He not too big in the weed community.


I'm trying to, Michael Beasley too. Lamar Odom, He not too big. Lamar Odom. Oh, Matt Barnes. That's my name. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Matt. Yeah. He's one of my favorite pothead athletes fleets. Oh, kd. KD smoke. Hell yeah. I Ain't know that. Kds with the weed, bro. You, you gave, you let him try some of yours? He Oh yeah. My weed? Yeah. No, The Boosie Smokeout challenge. Oh yeah. We were supposed to do the Smoke Olympics.


Oh, you and Boosie? Nah. What happened? What you talking about? Yeah, the, You going to do the Smokeout with Boosie. You Snoop Busey, bring your strongest pack, go three rounds with East Strand. Is this recent or is this the old one that he was talking about? The Old either one. Are you gonna have it? Yeah, I think it was, we created a group chat. It was called Smoke Olympics. All stoners in there. Okay. Everybody got two high and forgot is been years. I haven't gotten a message from this group chat. Everybody will change their numbers. I'm sure they're still there. But everybody just got stone and forgot what he was supposed to do. Something. Snoop says he has a, a person that rolls his joints, pay him 50 grand a year to roll all his joints.


You got anybody? Or you just get the pre-rolls? I got this machine. So it's like a, it's a hundred joint roller. So you, you put a hundred joints in there. Yeah. And you just dump weed into it and it just rolls 'em for you. And it rolls 'em to the, the set amount that you Yeah. Damn. Yep. It just packs 'em like Right. It takes about like 20 seconds. It just packs it all and levels it out and you just smack it stuff 'em, twist them, throw 'em in a thing so that you gotta twist it. That's, that's the only thing that you just twist the in. Wow. Yeah. Yep. Woo. You said the only time is like when you go overseas, you go to the Middle East and you go to Dubai, you go to Saudi Arabia.


Right. You can't have that. So you gotta go over there. You're going over there to perform. You're going over there for at least a week. Hell no. You go there for a day. Yeah. That's it. You fly way there. Yeah. So you, you gotta a concert, you fly way there. Perform and get back on the plane to lead. Yeah. I'm not standing there. I can't smoke. How long do you actually think you could go without smoking? Could you go, could you go a week? I want to. No. Could I I could do anything dog. I don't know where is, I'll be perfectly fine. But we don't speak like that. You know, we speak good stuff.


We don't talk like that. We, I could do it if I had to. Have you ever gone to jail in a foreign country? For weed? Yeah. Currently, like, not for any amount of time, but like, they definitely like arrested me when I was in Romania And they took the, they did they take it? They took the weed. Yeah. Yeah. They took the weed. They give it back to you? No, hell no. They kept that. I wouldn't have wondered if they gave it back to me 'cause Right. I'm good. I see. You know, Snoop, when you, like I said, Snoop is doing what you, what you're doing. Snoop has been doing the acting. You wanna do more acting? Yeah, I would definitely do more acting.


But I, I got all these tattoos. You can cover that up. But I'm not cutting my hair so I'm gonna be limited, you know, with the acting Shit. Right. But that Snoop got hair snoop is, Yeah. So, you know, as long as I can get roles that, that fit see me, I would much rather do like animated shit. Right. Okay. You know What I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Or I could direct or if there's a role for me. 'cause there are roles that I could play. Right. There's things that you're gonna see me do. But yeah, I, I would definitely wanna do acting. I want to get into like action stuff. Right. That'll put like all my training. Right, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, so like, definitely like some action shit. Some kung fu shit. Kicking some through some walls.


I wanna kick it through The wall man. Right. Yeah. How many tattoos you got? Whiz? I'm covered. You got, so your whole body? Not My whole body, but like everywhere. So I got like space for like a couple little things here, but like my upper body is fully blasted. It's like a whole whole piece. And then the back is a whole piece. My neck fully blasted, arms blasted. So the legs is like the, the most room that I would have. Are you planning on getting more? Yeah. Yeah. I'm getting my daughter's name. I'm get, I'm getting one dedicated to cushion orange juice. I got some other shit that I want to get to. What, So where are you on, I see a lot of guys now are going under anesthesia and what would normally take multiple sessions.


Yeah, they're getting it done in one session. Yeah. That's stupid. Is it? Yeah. That's too much damn trauma to your body. Like you ain't supposed to, like, you get up for that long, you gotta heal for that long. Right. And it's not gonna be nice, like a big, all that shit Heal. Yeah. Like I think, who is that? Zion? I think Zion just got a whole back. I think Dak got his, got his back or something. See that's cool because like, not cool, but like, I get it because you probably didn't have a whole back piece or whatever and instead of like waiting for a minute and putting the back piece together, you just want to get the look, which is fine.


Like, you know what I'm saying? But like, I'm a OG in this shit. So I'm getting smaller tattoos now. Like Right. I'm not sitting there for eight. You know, I used to do like 8, 10, 12 hour sessions and shit like that with no Anesthesia. No, we Oh, I'm Saying we ain't get no anesthesia for that. Like, come on man, you ain't putting me under. I can't do that kind of pain man. Yeah. If, but If you don't wanna sit there for eight to 12 hours then don't get the damn tattoo. Like Right. You know what I'm saying? Just get one, get Get it in increments. Get it in increments. Get three here, get four there. You know what I'm saying? Right. Like don't get put under 'cause it's, yeah, it's just not a good idea. But if it works, it works. It probably looks good when it's done, but me, I'm not even getting big ass tattoos no more.


I'm getting like little shit here and there. Right. I be seeing get tattoos over tattoos. I like that too. Oh really? So I'm gonna start tatting over my tats. Oh, that's hard bro. That's hard to me like that. I got so many tattoos. I'm tatting over tats. You once sued your manager to get out of a 360 deal. Can you explain to a, a audience at home that's not in the music industry, adult that doesn't understand what is a 360 deal. A 360 deal is when they manage you, they own part of your publishing. They own everything. They own part of your touring, they own part of your merchandising. So basically they're getting money off of everything that you do. And So the whole pie, they're a part of it.


Yeah. They're a part of it. And while it may sound cool or you're like, well I trust them as an artist, you don't have to give one person that kind of control all that kind of control. Yeah. Everything. And it's better that you own the majority of your stuff and the stuff that you want to give out and share with people, you share with them and you allow them for the amount of time that you do it. But to be locked in, you know, doing that forever for the extent of your career, you're, you're not gonna benefit from it as an artist. Somebody else is gonna benefit from it. Right. And you know, that works out for that person. Right. But it doesn't work out for you. You sold part of your catalog, black and yellow.


See you again. Why did you decide to sell part of your catalog? You make a certain amount of money a year off of that stuff like streaming and things like that. But that over an amount of time, right. When you account for spending, you'll never accumulate that much off of those particular songs Right. As you would selling your catalog. Okay. For whatever it's worth. Of course you negotiate right. And you, you, you make it in your favor. But the main goal when you do that is to make more money off of those songs that than you would ever make in your life.


Right. In one big chunk. Right. Like, you know, throughout time, you know, and Yeah. But you could take that money hundred 10 years, you'll make 110 million off of that song. But like, but You could take somebody that money, somebody's Giving you a check for 110 million, You can invest it and instead of making 110 million over a hundred years, you can make a billion dollars. Yeah. Yeah. And, or you can do that. Make another catalog that other people is consider valuable again and cash out again. Right. It doesn't stop there. So it's like, it's, it's like business. Like you build a business up to a certain point, right. And then you give it, you give it to people who can take it to the next level or have the time to do whatever and then you, you use that money to further yourself.


So like, yeah, it is like, yeah, it's like that. Right. Any projects coming out you wanna promote? You wanna talk about? Yes. I have a new album coming out. When's this drop? This December next year I'm putting my new album out. It's called Cushion Orange Juice Two. It's my favorite album that I've done in a very, very long time. It returns to the original sound that people loved me for and I got in the studio with Mike Will and Terrace Martin and DJ Quick and Problem, or Jason Martin and a whole list of musicians and just really created something that like is musical, there's real people playing instruments on here.


And not to like, just like brag about that because it's like when you hear somebody say there's real people playing instruments, you could take it so many different ways, but this shit is jamming, but it's not just like programmed, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like music, kind of how current music is now. It's more, it's a lot more depth and a lot more warmth to it to where it's an experience, you know, not only into like my lifestyle, but into my taste in music. Right. And it is really, really fun for me to be able to like just show people what the, I think is cool and like, you know, introduce it in a way where they're excited for it because they know what the first cushion Orange Juice was heading for.


So now I'm coming back with the second one and everybody's like, okay cool, we want to hear it. And I fully delivered on there. So next year I'm gonna drop Cushion Orange Juice too. And we already dropped two videos off of there by this comes out, the third video will be off of there. So we dropped three videos off of there. Or three, no, four singles, I'm sorry. Khalifa's Home Hide It featuring Don Toliver, bring Your Lungs featuring Smoke Dza and Hit It Once, which is like the ultimate freaking weed song. And there's a video for Hit It Once and there's a video for Khalifa's Home and yeah.


So keep watching out. Keep checking out. It's gonna be a process of me leading everybody into it. I'll be dropping these things called day to days on YouTube. You could check my YouTube out. They're like a behind the scenes look at all the cool shit that I do. And that's really all it is. It just shows you how awesome I am. So check out my day to days and the album is coming next year With Khalifa. Yeah. Appreciate you bro. Thank you. Thank you man. Appreciate you too. All my life been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice, got the bro dice the watch all my life. I grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life.


Sacrifice, hustle, slice life all my life.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis from $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@jointsignals.com.


This Is Ashley Ginetti from the almost of podcast. Can you believe all this? Talk about GLP ones? Of course you can. It's all people talk about. Have you heard about Future Health? Though they make access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever. People can struggle with weight loss for years, trying various diets and exercises without lasting success with GLP ones, many people notice a reduction in cravings and felt more in control of their eating habits, which lead to weight loss, physical health, and feeling more optimistic about their future. They give millions of people affordable access to knowledgeable providers who really know weight loss medications for less than $3 a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com again. Try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.