
This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you Chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones, you go to eBay score all your Once in a Blue Moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic streetwear. The experts verify accessories to match Lake Timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you could wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Listen, business is booming and when business is booming, that means five 20 is on the road. And I'll tell you what, our last business trip to Denver, it was a game changer. Being able to stay in the Airbnb. Normally we in the hotel, different floors, obviously different rooms. This time around we all got to kick it in the living room, be him with chefing up in the kitchen. And at the same time we got to have our space in our rooms to unwind and get ready for the next day. So if you're going outta town, handling a business, or even seeing somebody you love, make sure you choose Airbnb.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John, Miko, Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


Let's pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play you turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out bolus.com.


The Volume


You shouldn't have to worry about when you buy your tickets to your next big event. Gametime is a fast and easy way to buy tickets for all the sports, music, comedy and theater events near you. Where great last minute deals all in prices, views from your seat. And the best price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. So go ahead and take the guesswork out of buying MLB tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account and use Promo Code Club five 20 for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem Code Club five 20 for $20 off. Download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Alright, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. We got a special, special guest in the fucking building today. We're gonna introduce my man's last to my far left. We got my dog Bishop be hitting out the pearl. He how you what? Nasty. Cool and nasty. Let's get to it baby. I'm excited for this one. Now listen, you let you let my mans down 'cause you know you supposed you ain't been showing up to work in your uniform. Nah, nah. Of all days You didn't have on fit. Respect. He let me down. I got word. You know what, just introduce inter introduce the other nigga so we can go on so I can tell my story for sure. To my right. My dog. Young nacho young Te how you what man? I'm chilling bro. We got a family in the building bro. Oh seven class, high school class. I'm hype. I've been wanting 'em on the show this whole time.


One of my favorite players to watch and play against. I remember my K state, but we gonna get all that for sure man. If you don't know who this is, man. One of the coldest to touch a basketball when you talk about getting buckets, it's two people to come to mind. Jordan Crawford and this man one the coaches. Why you say that first? Nah, because you last, you gotta introduce you last. You know what I'm saying? Respect, of course. But now when you talking about buckets, Mike Bey first. How about that Love like he said Mike be this nigga crazy. I'm just saying that's a little disrespect, no disrespect. You know I respect Michelle. What's happening man? I mean you finished. I'm done.


We in the show. Shout out to, I didn't wanna mess it up. Shout out to my nigga j Crawford man. So I can't say that. You know what I'm saying? But you get your shit off. I ain't gonna away. You tell the people I'm handsome. Yeah, it ain't you no more. Huh? Something wrong with him man. So wrong with but, but but you The Power four. We got Mike. Be on the show. Mike be so yes. Get back. I just wanted to introduce you. This is Light-skinned Mike Bs? Yeah. Tall. Let's get that light skin shit outta here. Me, Kevin Garnet. Okay. Tom Maker. Right.


These some black Tom maker. Pop Beverly, pop Beverly. Right Pat, you put us in a room together. You ain't going right. You can't set us apart. Stay all dogs. Stay with me. Step. No, no. I'm dark nigga. I'm light skinned. I'm I'm not light skinned. I'm dark skinned. Oh. Check me out. Check me out. You pull your phone out real quick. Pull my phone out. Yeah, pull your phone out. Turn your flash. I on turn. Your flashing pretty close. Pretty close Those tattoos. I know. I'm like Lance Stevenson, you can't see 'em. I don't, don't call me anyway about see some other tattoo pop.


Shit. Nah, you, you ain't know Lance had tattoos to you, to his teammate. I know you didn't. I didn't tell bro. Man, I ain't no th Baker had too. But that's with Sean. Th nah, nah, nah. I'm the first five 10 Power Forward bro. In the country. Where? Indianapolis, Indiana, Y was had to be charged. He played with George, George Hill. He was George Hill, part Ford before I played George Hill before I turned my meniscus bro. I was one of them bro. A meniscus only a two week injury. No it's not bro. Not with my lineage bro. You see how I'm built? I've been built like this since a kid, bro.


I've been outta shape. A double double machine though. Double, double machine. Yeah, I talk Glen baby. How though? Get down. You hear me? Yo. The one of them that's not a good name on the court. You his own G. You crazy. Let's fuck around. Yeah, shout man. But nah, you gotta bring up the story, you know what I'm saying? About the forces Man Forces. Yeah man T told me that you, you know you tuned into the show. Yeah, I be watching. I own this shit funny. He funny You a black force. You what? You don't fuck with the show. I fuck with the show I fuck with like he's funny.


He's professional. What's what am I, Hey Black Forces you Black Forces Respect. You ain't fool with the black, with the white laces. I, you fucked me up with the white laces. I ain't gonna, you fuck there's something though. But you a Black Air Force rider though. Yeah. Yeah because you know I, I, I, my, my introduction is usually interruption, you know, so I'm a black ass. What type nigga? You the first person on the show bro. That ever gave some love to the Black Forces. So I appreciate that. I mean I was going Williams today, but my, you know somebody told me not to. Oh man. Respect, good call. Good call, good call. Nah, I don't, you don't fuck with the black forces because of him.


He started wearing them shits and I be seeing people around the city with white laces in they black forces. Oh he start, he he start. Oh no, this shit, we get attack that every day. Oh this shit is a thing. I, I can fuck with that part. I can fuck though. You starting to movement. It was really a accidental though. 'cause when we first start Pieing they like nah we gotta see how you, how you accidentally Can I put white laces? Lemme tell you my story. They don't even come with, I know I'm a cheer sitter. Hold on. When we first started doing the, you went out your way to get no laces. Nah, no I've been doing that. We start PID two. The, the first time you had to go out your way. No I didn't bro. If they don't come with white laces easily not, not the extra, extra laces either.


They be black. Listen, Walmart is up the street. A 54 inch shoe. So you had to go out your way, you walk, it was part of order shoes not in Walmart. Correct Respect. Yes. That didn't come with black, white laces. Correct. Correct. So something sparked in your head to say let me go to Walmart. Switch the style up. That's all right. Cool. Switch it up. So what year was this? This was 2001. How old are you? 36. You been on that? I was doing this in middle school. But anyway it started because this, this is why I said it's an accident. We started Pieing twice a week and I told them I wasn't about to be buying the outfit to pie with a bunch of niggas every day. So I just wore all black every day and just kept my shoes on.


And so people thought buying outfits, no I'm not buying money. Oh he be buying. Oh yeah. Come work the same bro. The same. I'm glad you said that. Change. I got another one. This is about this. This ain't about me, it's about me. dj, let's dive back. Yeah man. We gotta get back to it man. We all be so basically, oh wait, you didn't respect the party at first? What you mean? You said he was gonna wear the same outfit every day. We all do though. We all did. Nah, it was a, it was a peach was like all black every day anyway. Yeah it was a mutual thing.


What you got in your head? Lil Ginger Real? Never seen that before. Shout to the sponsors. Hey but we gotta talk about the first time y'all met man. I didn't meet them. I didn't know I story, I just heard story. Do you see how they always make sure shit? He always make sure I wasn't shit. He ain't know I was in the building. Ain't that a motherfucker. I didn't. So I'm gonna tell you how I met you. Well I didn't meet you and how I found out who you were. So we playing in Little Rock on the Hill in Arkansas. And. we make it to the final four. We end up making it to the final four. We was on the side court. Yeah, I remember that. Yeah you should, you beat us by 60.


So we come on the court, we got a little reversible jersey. We just starting to get our foot in the door. We Indy heat but we ain't really Indy heat. And you came on the court and you was like, what, who the fuck we about to play? What the fuck is this? And I'm like, who is that? He like, ask Coach Conley. Coach Conley pulled me to the side. He was like, that's Mike Bes, he best player in the country. I was like man fuck him Coach Conley's like no it's gonna be fuck you. He can play And he's real good. We gotta be locked. You know he bring the group in. He's, he's the best. You gotta be locked in man. You the first play of the game. You go through the lane dunk that bitch, it's over. I'm like oh yeah this shit done. We gotta find out. Fast forward. I meet him at a BCD camp. We on a plane. No bullshit.


Never forget it. You Paul, you got some big ass feet. But Nolan Smith feet bigger than yours. It was at, so we stand on a plane And, we all flying back somewhere and I look at and I'm like this nigga feet big as hell and you heard me? You like yeah that nigga got some big ass feet. Look at him look dumb ass big ass feet. I'm like, I'm like yo, this nigga crazy. I ain't gonna lie. Nigga had like an 18 bro look crazy. He like my height bro. I was like he could never be fresh bro. With big as the 18 is not the locker big as shit bro. Hey it's Adidas was big as hell but trying to know no like six moments.


I swear to God I can't make this shit up. That's crazy. Alright man. Hey that's funny. My bad though. I ain't, I ain't know y'all was trash. I was just, it was y jersey. We just had a bad day bro. We went trash. We had a bad day. Nah. Yeah it was just y'all jerseys. You know what I'm saying? I ain't gonna lie. Like, like, like we like we was that team. Nah y'all was Jerseys right? Yeah like but then you know we, I winning a little bit. Oh little theater start fucking with us and then you know probably got to my head a little bit 'cause then when I seen y'all with the fucked up jerseys, that shit was trash. I remember that shit too because I remember we was, it was some big ass bleachers man.


Yeah. Swear to God remember that shit. Yep. Yeah my bad. Nah it's all good. Yeah but it worked out for you though. It did. It quite, it didn't quite work out right here. But hey speech had, when Speed had any speech had it was the first time playing against them. Yeah. Now this was some bullshit we bring fucking Anthony McLean. Yeah. Yeah. Seven Footer. So we like all shit. We about to play Greg Olden, it's Craig Olden fucking Daquan Cook. Mike Col, Derrick Eric, I think Mike Colley might have left. Nah, Mike was, nah he was there.


Josh Roberts was there too. Listen, listen we bring Anthony McClain to like to to to scare Greg. Greg. You know what I'm saying? And this shit working like, like we playing him in pool play nigga they they fucked us over this one or we play in pool play nigga first play the game nigga our point guard Ray Brewer go to the fucking first two plays. He go lay that motherfucker up. Greg Oin smack that bitch on the backboard so hard. Like the ball went almost went flat like, and and it started to break. They went boom, boom. So I went to Ray, I said Ray if you lay that bro you gotta go in there and throw that motherfucker high bro.


That ain't going to get that shit Right. Facts alright. Did that shit very next play nigga he smacked that shit on the backboard again. Boom. And this time it bounced at like right before half. Like right after half court. Yeah. Right. And our seven footer down there, you know what I'm saying? Like our seven footer like bro, so it, it bounced I seven foot on nigga Daquan Cook Cute grabbed this ball from half court. Nigga bounced that shit one time our seven footer was sitting there both hands off man he dunked on that nigga 3.5 had that nigga like arms all wrapped around that nigga.


Boom nigga And we lost about like 40 Nigga that's the first time I was like Pool was different for sure. Yeah. Nah nigga Pool was different that nigga they sure they but nigga I'm glad, I'm glad we did that to y'all. Full circle back full circle us get somebody from that. So that was your sophomore year Freshman Greg Golden. It was my, it had my sophomore year. Sophomore. Yeah my sophomore my junior year when I first played Greg Golden nigga, that's when I first realized what the, like what a man was on the basketball court. He, he was a monster.


He was different bro dog all the way up to the NBA before he got into NBA. I remember game planning him, we was in the heat and, and him and Joe, Chris biller. It was like nigga, whenever Greg olden catch that motherfucker on the block, nigga Oh I say nigga too much don't I nah nigga this. But whenever, whenever Greg olden catch that shit on the block man he was a monster. But I'm glad that shit happened like that. Yeah. I don't, I don't know how to pod by the way. So y'all going have to we you through Big Dog we talking about that how crazy that oh seven class is, especially in Indianapolis man and you was at the top of that class.


We always regard that as like one of the best high school lead. Like that's one of the best. That class don't get no respect because 'cause all of us didn't pan out in the NBA how we was supposed to. You know what I'm saying? Kind of did though. Because if you look at it like James y both right James MVP, D Rose, VT think B's talking about like Bill Walker had a crazy name. Yeah. Bill was crazy. You know what I mean? Coming up Bill had a like Bill was one of the ones didn't look at that class and what for what we know it for. Yeah that makes sense.


18-year-old, 19-year-old, a 25-year-old couldn't get that same feeling looking at that same list. You know what I'm saying? Nah, I get what you're saying. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Just 'cause, just 'cause we didn't really, you know, and it was, it was most of our faults, you know? Right. But nigga you remember OJ May stuff? Yeah, exactly. I first seen anyway. Exactly bro. OJ was like, he dunked in the seventh grade. Ah, we from Indiana, he was living in Kentucky. Yeah. We all about to that seventh grade mix tape him waking up on tv, he was the best thing. I, he was like, he OJ was the best motherfucker I ever seen with a basketball. Like I remember, I remember my first time going out of town, we went to Memphis, me and KD And, we watching.


I ain't like, I ain't know nothing from nothing. Like I'm like I'm for real a hood nigga that just grew and they told me to come to the gym. You know what I'm saying? So when me and KD first started playing together, like, like he always studied the game who he was watching, who we, you understand. So I remember the first time we in the gym and he just watching fucking OJ and I'm just, I'm, I'm just, I just didn't wanna be there time, you know? So I remember I just paid attention. They jump off bro, this motherfucker man that nigga was nice, whatever he wanted to do, pull up left right Dunking spin bro. And then he had Bill nigga killing.


Oh man. Crazy teammate bro. Well yeah, that oh seven class, it was, yeah I see what you're saying because John Johnny Flynn in y'all class. Johnny Flynn. Oh God. But I feel like if you make it to the league, I know it's like you like we made it. Yeah it bro, hundred percent. That's a huge accomplishment. He said y'all ain't supposed to have that extendo career. Everybody that was at the top had that extendo career. Like we were supposed to have at least, at least five of us, eight of us still playing right now. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? That's what that class was. And it was partly like a lot of us, a lot of us came up in the wrong era. Like we came up in a era to where it was tight.


Like nigga, when I came in the league stretch four was Ud Donnes has, yeah. Yep. 15 footer. Yeah. Facts. You know, and it's like, like we really needed space to work. You know what I'm saying? We wasn't really on, it wasn't no fast break game, it was a half court game, 85 point 90 point games a night. You know what I'm saying? That was 140, 30 like you know, you was ahead of your time for sure. Point five. So a lot of us came up in the wrong era and a lot of us didn't have the coach. Like, like it wasn't a lot of player coaches, you know, a lot of not player coaches. It wasn't not a new school player coach. No it was old school.


Old school coaches. So system back, you know, so like my problem with my, my problem, like the same attitude I had with SPO my first two years is the same reasons I congratulate him. And the same reasons I call him one of the best coaches is because that bubble year, if he didn't let them young, them young guys go. You understand? Yeah. But we just came up in the era where, and Spo sp was a rookie. He was rookie coach still listening to Pat. Yeah. A lot of us came up in that era to where it was the coach's way or the, you understand. Nah, And, we just wasn't able to like we was one and done. And at that time it really meant something like that, that he was young, he was 19, he was, you know, still just babies, you know.


Yeah. Speaking about coaches, how was it playing for Hugs? I never played for Hugs. I mean not Hugs. What's your Kansas State coach? Frank Martin. Man, Frank like Hugs Toten damn Frank kicked man, I remember I ain't gonna say his name 'cause I don't want embarrass him bro. But it was our point guard at the time. So Jacob pulling. No I'm just saying because damn y'all had no wheel pair kids stay. No, no, but but Jake, Clint Stewart was our starting point guard. Jake was coming off the bench for us, but I remember Christmas, Christmas Jake had his, his family in, in the stands.


You know, so he you on, he trying to do, you know, try to sauce it up and shit. Yeah. Frank told him one time like, man, we ain't doing that Dipsy do shit man. I don't care if your family or not man, fun to play. You know. So he went on 10 minutes later to do some shit again. But I told you man, you trying to impress your family. I man you got one more time man. 20 minutes later bro. Next bro. All you, you know what? All right you wanna do this Mc, you and your fucking mother and your, get the fuck outta my gym. I'm gonna kick the whole family nigga. Oh you do that Dipsey do shit in the parking lot. I say God damn you.


Wow. Hey you know somebody, hey Coach Wild. I say yeah Coach Wild. What made you pick Kansas State? Diante Hill. Okay, so when I first stopped playing with D Assault, I didn't get in the game like at all nigga at all. I was playing by Jeff Green. Damn. You know you was playing up like a motherfucker. Yeah, I was, man I never played, you know. Yeah. But I, I was playing up but I was playing behind some, some, you know that's a notable name, Dante Cunningham. You know I was playing by some prospects for sure.


Yeah. Yeah. Yo, so I, I just watched them niggas the whole summer and D Hill was just on the bench with me, always working out with me, always getting my extra shots and all that. And I just told him like, dog, like wherever you go to college, I'm, that's where I'm gonna go. You know, just 'cause we built a relationship, he, he got the job first at UNC Charlotte. And I ain't gonna lie, by the time he got the job I was all right. I wasn't even think about college 'cause like, and like like 18 months later I was no one in the country they was NBA this NB. Yeah. So I was, I wasn't even thinking about college but by the time he got the job every, I'm talking about nigga, my mother used to hate the letters coming to my house and I used to hate them 'cause the first one I opened, the first one I opened think is Billy Donogan sent me a letter and that shit said Joe came Noah average like 0.5 points his freshman year or some shit like that.


And that was the number one pick. Oh wow. And I looked at that letter and I said yeah I'm not gonna college Joe came no crazy, you know, I mean he was at Florida so you know what I Florida talking about Joe came no I ain't really playing his, his it was some bullshit ain't play his his freshman year but he now he the best player in the country. Yeah. You think I'm coming in to not play man, I, so I ain't even want do the recruitment thing so I just, I just committed to UNC Charlotte, which was a low D one school. Yeah, I remember that. Yeah. That's crazy. I was like, he getting paid crazy.


Nah, I ain't, I ain't get paid. I just ain't want to deal with the Yeah, I mean now. Yeah, like you understand like them niggas, you know the only motherfucker that was real for real was hugs, hugs still. Yeah. That's why I know that was your mans, that's why I, my frog is still a part of my family to this day. Like call my, like everybody, you know what I'm saying? Like, you know he sent fives my mom funeral, all that type of shit like, but like all the rest of them niggas was just fake. It was just, you know, and I ain't, I just ain't wanna do that shit. So I committed there and I was just gonna go straight to the league, but then they changed the rule in oh five. So then I had to really think about it and before I can even think about it, hugs got say to K State so I just went there and I just ain't like, it wasn't no like picking, I was really gonna go to Memphis.


'cause I found out I like when Hugs left, I wasn't gonna go to West Virginia. I just knew that because I'm from DC went from Virginia, you know what I'm saying? So I, I just knew I won't go and I didn't wanna be close to home. So when Hugs left I was gonna go to Memphis 'cause I was just, it was the hoop summit. Yeah. I was just down there and it just turned into an unofficial visit. And you and D Rose at Memphis. So I was gonna go to Memphis and I ain't gonna lie, swear to God I, I was committing that night. But Frank Martin walked in the motherfucking on some gangster shit. You know I sat me down, talk to me in the lobby in front of all the coaches.


Like, nigga, I'm like, yeah, by the time he was leaving I was like, fuck that nigga. I'm trying to go with job bitch. He let you rock too boy. What? Yeah. Yeah. You, you. I ain't even saying it 'cause you hear 'cause I always put like Melo my favorite college player ever. But like, bro you was really dynamic bro. That shit was Frank though. College bro. It was Frank. I mean it was me That was you because I like, like I do what I do now. Like my favorite quote, the quote I live by, is that what you do most is what you do best. Yeah. You understand? So like I, I sharpen my shit up every day. But the older I get the more I realize is the coach, it's up to the coach to put you in a position. Yeah. You understand It's up for the, the coach to let the players know.


Like when you gonna shoot basically. Yeah. So I'm out there and the plays for him. And we wanted to play for him, but I see a shot, I better make that fucking shot because Yeah, you got two niggas over there setting the down screen and then you got a understand you got a motherfucker handle the ball. Right. You, you know what I'm saying? So if, if, if I don't make that shot, who we got rebounding? Who we got? You understand. So Kansas State man I got there Coach Frank, my first meeting with Frank, he said bro we going have practice at three o'clock. He's, he's so you wanna do whatever you wanna do at night, do it sleep in, go to class. Yeah bro, you stay outta my way, I'm gonna stay out your way.


Real. And that's how it went. You know, he told me what to do in the court. Like whether I was rebounding or whether I wasn't getting no blogs or whether I wasn't scoring every time out. Like bro you ain't doing this, you ain't doing that. And I just go out there and do it. You know? And that's respect I wanted in the NBA like no coach, like no coach told me what to do. So it was like I'm the best scorer you ever seen. But it's like all you gonna tell me is play defense. Like that shit pissed me off at one point. Like it can my fourth, fifth year in the league. I ain't wanna play no more. I, to me, when I seen you in college, 'cause you probably don't remember this though. I went to school on Winston. Y'all played Winston-Salem State. Oh we our dogs, our niggas, nah, I didn't go there.


I dog you dogg them niggas. I remember, I remember you 40 and 20. Nah, I, I remember why. Yeah, why the, the first half I had like, like maybe like nine points. Yeah. And going into the half, one of the, one of the players block my shot and Right, like right before he passed our locker room, he's talking about Beasley. Ooh that nigga trash. And I, I ain't hear it, but my coach came in there and was like, you know he was brand Underwood. He white but he ain't white.


You know what I'm saying? So he came even told me exactly what he said. Yeah. He like, man, he said, ah, he ain't say, he didn't say the word, but yeah, like, man, he said ah, ah, and I I got some for, you know, so I just walked there and I I just didn't like that nigga bro. Yeah. I don't, I can't even remember his name like Jamal something. I don't know Brot remember his name, but I remember he said Beasley who? And I was like, all right, I'm sure we at Wake Forest so once the state game is on, we just watching And, we all in the locker room. We watching it. Yeah. And you know it's me, James Johnson, we all freshmen like him. We like, I'm like, nah bro, this nigga different bro. Like, he playing like March Madness bro.


This ain't real bro. Hey for real, for real. The reason I was so good in college 'cause I lived through so many ways, bro. He was a monster bro. He wasn't, I worked on my game but nigga, my weight coach Scott Greenwell bru, he had me. I I like my maxing college was like 400 like smo, he was trying to be a wrestler nigga. Nah. Like he, he was like, he was, he used to train for the world. Strongest man in world. Ah, he's out of pocket bro. If you see him watch like he, he work out every day until he earl three times. Damn. Like the the sickest shit you to see like he don't stop working out every day, every day until Earl three times, bro.


He broke his neck and didn't know it. You know what I'm saying? For a week. Like he in there working out one day so next day we can, he putting us through the workout and he just got a quickness neck, you know, just walking around all day with a quick, but he putting us through the workout, spotting us and all that, you know, just got a quickness man. Before the game. He asked trainer to rub it out for him. Like, yo, just see what you need. What I'm saying? You can rub it out. Yeah man, he go rub this side, then go rub this side, then go rub this side. And he like, bro, where your collarbone at? Yo nigga broke his collar. Like, bro, nigga strong, strong. You know what I'm saying? And I'm talking about bro, he had like, he like, I I think that's the difference between a great player and a good player.


That's the difference between LeBron and Paul Jr. That's the difference between Giannis and fucking, I don't wanna disrespect nobody but you, you know, that's the difference. That's the difference between a good seven footer and Giannis. You know what I'm saying? Giannis, I seen Giannis every day. He gonna put 202 50 on there and he gonna get his hip bridges in you on God. I seen that. I I I vouch for that. I vo for that. Hey, I'm talking about he be putting weight that you ain't supposed to be lifting. And so bro, he going to get his shit in. He like, and just the old I got, you know, I think that's why I'm so good now 'cause I'll take it serious like I got to the NBA, I didn't take lifting weights and taking my body as serious as we should.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I agree. I didn't either like, and now I see like I'm older like bro, if I don't like lift right or stretch right bro, my back be hurting now. Shit. You know what I'm saying? I feel that like I, that's the difference between like what I was doing in college and what everybody else was doing in college. Like we was like lift like our game, our, our game days. We had lift like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. It was true. This show nigga, you was a double double machine. Hey Guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up, picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode I made the biggest mistake that you can make in gambling, which is don't tie all your bets to one no matter how good you feel.


And I was locked in on the Apple Cup. I was like, Washington's gonna be Washington State. And then they're gonna take that flag that they take to game day and they're gonna drape it over them as they walk off the field and then they lost. And I, I, I hit almost all of my other bets, but that one caused me to lose nearly all of them. That was one of my big picks of the week. You know, apple a day keeps the doctor what you're trying to do with the Apple Cup. That's right. It did not work for either us because I had Washington minus six I think. Yeah. I had 'em in teasers, parlay beavers, I had 'em in everything and I had 'em in the KSR of Parlay. That was my pick You, you everything.


And they just completely poop. And


this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you're not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo,


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight you can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart.


The fall season, we don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, you can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the south's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer. Feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


No. You think you got the greatest one? One and done. You think you the greatest like that season? You think you had the best one and done season? No. Who you think had the best kd? Yo. Neck and neck? We, we looked it up. I would say outside of Melo I gotta get we on camera but like I yeah I the reason like Melo did what he did. Right. And this is why I think the argument needs to be categorized. 'cause Melo had a great team. Yeah. You what I'm saying? McNamara. McNamara. Warwick, you know me and KD like they had a young team.


They was young though. Young team and individual. Like we was just out there giving y'all, you know what I'm saying? Like me it with me. It wasn't even a scoring. Like you go back and look at that. Yeah. I like, I rebound, I rebounded more than I scored. You know what I'm saying? Most of my, my points came off offensive. Rebounds. Yeah. Pullbacks with offense, rebounds and face up jumps. Yeah. Know what I'm saying? kd, KD was him but he had, he had DJ still to this day, I don't think I score that well. I think I can put the ball. No, no, no, no, no.


Listen, listen. Lemme explain this me explain joking man. Lemme explain. Alright. I'm be being nice now for me to go a lot And. we like you understand different like, dude we just played you And. we had one dude in the big three. He said I'm staying in front of him. You said stay between him and the past. So what happened? No, no, no. So what happened with that then? What? What's your excuse to that? No, I dunno. What you talking, what you scoring? Lemme get what I'm saying. Make him make tough shots. He hitting every shot. I, when I watch me play basketball, I don't think it look cool. I do when I, when I watch KD I think it look really cool to what?


Like, you know my, one of my favorites, one of my favorites, one of my favorites Jordan Crawford. When I watch him play basketball, I like, that's one of the reasons I be working out. Like I work out like how you get your legs to move that way while your body is moving. He'd be throwing shit that I'd be like, yeah bro, if I can do that bro. But you so aggressive bro. And your wing spin is so long and you are lefty and it's like you go both ways. YI don't even know why I'm so good. Y'all don't even know why I'm so good. I I I y'all that's that you're here though. But I'm saying though because I footwork, footwork is footwork. It's all about footwork. But you a three level scorer though. What is that?


But he been scoring three point OMI is crazy. Slept on. He's been scoring on a high level since. Yeah I just told Yeah, but my game ain't like nothing pretty to watch. That's why people don't, that's why, why don't you still get a bucket though? I got like, you know I got a smooth, I got a professional game nigga. I'm gonna shoot the jump shot in your face. One dribble to the counter, one dribble to the, nah you lying. 'cause I just watched your, they just had a video on your Knicks highlights and it was crazy. See Nicks say, look Nicks nah, Nicks what's that video I told we ran, tell about that, lemme tell you about that season. So I started the season of averaging four points, right?


Like four minutes, like four points in like five minutes. Tim Hardaway got hurt and then I was like, like maybe nine minutes. And I was like, bro, I I swear bro, I'm going hard in practice getting my exercise and you know. Yeah. I went to Kurt Rams one of shout out Kurt Rams. That's like one of the, like one of the only coaches that like Resignated with who I am. Right. I went to, I went to him one game and I say, I say Bro, what is it man? Like, like man, I, I cursed him out. I say bro, man, like that's your nigga bro. Like fuck man, I'm gonna beat both of y'all up. Like, you know what I'm saying? But he know I was, you know I, but yeah, he like these like at this point bro, just make make him look bad for not putting you in. So I just remember in New York, I just remember like all I'm just, every nigga, every time I go out there, I'm just gonna throw my whole bag out there.


Like, like I, I treated like, I treated New York like the summertime. Nah, you like, I treated like, like pick up. Like the highlight showed that like it's a, one of the highlights is like, oh Bees is coming in, you know Ry like yep. It's a quick 12 about to come up. Like I was like damn. Yeah so, and then, but it ain't work. That shit, that's what pissed me off. Like bro that shit ain't give me no more minutes. I could like, like smooth shit. Like with poor Zenga and, and Tim Hardaway and Courtney Lee. I could have, I could've made that a playoff team. I was playing out the position if they'd have played me two guy fronted with, if I would've two got in fronted with, with Dread Jack.


You know what I'm saying? Everybody played me as a, as a four 'cause of college. But I'm, I've been playing out out outta position my whole career. You played me at the, at the 1, 2, 3. I'm bigger, I'm better on defense now. I got somebody to play pick and roll with. I could, I could've fucked a pick and roll game up with Kyle O. Quinn and Christoph ing. But Jeff, Jeff Sack was on the hot seat and Ingas didn't really know how to play good basketball like winning basketball. So that shit was trash man. But yeah, that like, that shit in New York. I was, I just shoot that shit like the fucking sometimes I was just thought you was a pure power forward. That's why I say you was a three level scorer. 'cause watching you hoop now it's like nah, he really a perimeter player.


Yeah. That can do both. Yeah, that's what, that's, that's so that's why I didn't play in Miami my first two years because Spoh wanted me to be Carlos Boozer. Damn, I ain't see you as no booze bro. Every like, nigga you was ahead of your time though. Every, every practice I used to watch for hour, two hours. Carlos Boozer and fucking Karl Malone. Like, and I used to tell them like bro, even if I get that much weight, like my shoulder's not even that wide. Like I can't beat that. Dwight hard. Yeah. It's like bro, nah hold on. Y'all what?


Say what did I miss? What you say? No, I said you got it. They wanted you to be built like Dwight Howard? Nah. What did you say though? The Dwight Howard diet? Yeah. You don't saying I'm talking about what he talking about Carl Malone. Carl Malone was the biggest motherfucker in the NBA nigga. Nah, nah, he didn't play. Nobody like, no when I went back to the, when I went back to the heat with LeBron. Yeah I got on LeBron died. Shit. What was that bro? I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna say what but it, I don't, I don't eat three times a day. I'm on one time, two times a day. I I skip breakfast. I fast a lot but that season I was eating three times a day. I was like two 50. I'm talking about body fat.


5%. I was like, like go go back and look in them pictures. When? Like when I was next to How'd you feel on the court though, bro? Like a brick wall. Like know? Did you feel like it worked though? Yeah, I ain't like, I ain't feeling saucy, you know what I'm saying? My jump shot ain't feel, feel as fluent. Yeah but no I ain't never get hurt. Like I, that's all that matters shit. You know. But who night? I, I'm trying to get your MVP so I'm trying to be MVP next year. You gotta call Lonzo ball. Lonzo got a new knee, got the knee, gotta tap in. I need new. Oh you need a new knee? New knee? Why your knee? And I need micro surgery but I ain't gonna never get that so Yeah, he don't wanna sit down for a couple months.


Yeah, that's why I quit playing. It's like, it's, it's, it's some ways you can heal your knees. Like I feel, I feel cool now. I train, I train now like the way I, the way I like, I, I broke my, I broke my foot in September and I can tell people now 'cause like I ain't want nobody to know. Yeah. Because I ain't really get back on the court until like, like maybe six weeks before this, this big big three season. Like, you know what I'm saying? See you always stunting on niggas man. Oh for real. So you ain't even trained. So now Youp bro, B mo we got so more next shit. Nah, nah it wasn't like that. No, no, nah. I was rehabbing like bro, like right before the season last year I was, I was about to go to China and you know I, I was out LA playing and I stepped on KD foot.


Oh okay. You know I ain't know. I don't know why bro. Like, I mean I, we was playing and the play before I contested him and when I was contesting him, like I was saying to myself like, like I've never been here before. You know like I've never been this close on defense before. Like I was, I remember saying that to myself like you know like, 'cause I don't like bro, I ain't no hard defensive nigga, you know? Yeah. So I just remember, you know like dog, I just don't, you know, I just felt like I was up there for five seconds while he was shooting the jump shot. Hit it in my face yo. So I'm just like whatever. All right next play I the same thing and I just came down bro.


Pop, pop nigga my shit shot it. Little Dirk was in the jail. I was crying like it was the first time I meet Little Dirk he seen me. I'm trying like I always thought that was gonna be a gangster situation when I meet him. Know what I'm saying? I with some, you know, I don't know. Yeah. Some gangster shit. You know maybe in my hood his shooting a video or something like, I don't know. Just not crying old by crazy saying I gotta, I gotta succeed for you Dirk like nah man I was crying. That shit was embarrassing but like I thought it was over so like the rehab behind that, it was supposed to be a three four month because I ain't need surgery.


But it ended up being like 5, 6, 7 month rehab because my dorsi flex wouldn't, wouldn't come back. Okay. You know what I'm so like I would, I really like just like just do what I do every day. That's why I was laughing downstairs and I hope this come out after the game tomorrow because like literally like I've literally been doing the same move all season long and like this same move. I was just like, I be laughing like I told, I told my man before the season, I said bro I'm gonna burn these niggas up with this same move all season long. And they ain't even gonna realize it and nobody realize it every besides me.


If you go get to the clip, I lock you up. And I told him but we was guard. I said this is what I've been fucking away for. Only reason I've been beat. Hey but I called him my dad. I called him at that free throw line. I ain't want none of them. Nah you ain't score me. Nah nah you got me on the block but the free throw line I caught you. You ain't score won the clip, wrote a clip. You score. I said this, you got more you dunked on. I had 30 points. I've shit ain't fo I've seen the box score. Oh he killed? Yeah, he got one of them box we won though. Yeah. Treo, y'all won. Weren't supposed to win that one. Yeah, Y won. Y'all ain't win. We lost. I ain't never heard. We I heard you was going off on your teammates after that, after that one.


Oh nah. Too many too many side steps. I told you nigga mo that first side step right? Yeah. I say man he ain't gonna hit that all night man. He can hit that two times in a row. He like that hit that motherfucker five times. Nah he that when he he did it bring the fire. Yeah. I like, oh man fuck that nigga. That's his go that go. I said oh you came to play tonight, huh? Yeah. Yeah, but I gotta stop on bes. Not too many people get though. If his body wasn't so fucked up, they would've had a better year. Why his body fucked up? Well he don't work. No, he's just, he old and he don't do drugs. I ain't know he was, I ain't know he was a hood nigga. Yeah.


Oh God, I I thought he was a professional. You thought he was a square? I thought he was a square. He was seven. I like, you know, i I ain't never meet him in person, you know what I'm saying, walking by, know what I'm saying? So, and he quiet so I just, yeah. Oh you know what I'm saying? I'm from the west side of NEP and he still, he's still professional though. He cut off all. Yeah, little Braxton ain't Braxton my boy, can my boy get to that chicken though? Nah, he surprised. He surprised man. I ain't know he that too. Nah, especially I start watching the podcast. Yeah. Come on this shit. Nah for sure man. Like we said one of the coach ever scored basketball.


Who is some of your favorite scorers obviously, you know we said KD for sure. Dude. They gotta be famous. Nah, hell nah. They could be people back from Yeah anybody DC bro. You wanna show some love too. Kurt Smith. One of DC like one of the best ever do like mid, mid-range killer. Like what? Aw shit. Who? kd Of course I remember like I, I remember when me and KD was in practice, I was, I was probably 10 or 11 mm Talk about how you met him too.


What you wanna I met him. Yeah, both. I just wanted know, we wanted to hear the origin from how you and KD like we got in the gym. I I met him at practice one day. Yeah I I like the, the, the pizza story is true. Oh okay. But it is not that true. Oh. So I took half the box. Oh. Oh, okay. But but the people I took them from took it from Yeah they had to get they slices too. Respect. So that's why the whole pizza was gone. Okay. But I remember I got, I thought they forgot about it. You understand It was, you know, but I took the piece like, like my mother got a rule.


She said don't come home or don't come in the car if you ain't got, you know what I'm saying for everybody. I got four or five brothers and sisters. So I mean if I came in the car with one piece, one slice pizza so I had to come with half the drink and my mother I got, I still got popped because I had the pizza in my hand like, like, like this mind he outta pocket that that's really shit I heard. For real man, I really had to fuck over KD 'cause I ain't wanna whoop her was 11.


That shit everything at the time that, that's where the pizza come from. But me, when me and KD met bro, we was attached at the hip. Like, like I told this, I said this before, like KD was the first time I ever brought my Xbox out the house. Like KD was my man, like, like I was his nigga. Like, like my mom used to pick us up from school, his mom used to drop us off like, like if I ain't got a ride, I'm catching the bus to his house. Even his brother Tony man, me and Tony, we used to kick it every like no that, you know, we just grew up like that. Like if I'm doing something messed up, his mother gonna pop me and you know what I'm saying? You know, and it was just, it was never basketball with us.


Yeah. You know like on the court when like when I first started playing with kd, I was trash at basketball. Like I was trash. He was always the one. Yeah. I, I can just rebound like every game I had 30, 40 rebounds and look wherever Kevin was at dog, I'm talking about 20 offensive rebound. I'm throwing that back, you know, same way he play now since he was nine, 10 years old and I'm talking about half court letting that joint fly. Damn. And that's just how we used niggas just be fun. We went games, we go on nigga play video games, we break somebody's window. I remember boy bro, we was in Florida and, and I ain't gonna say but the coach, me, Katie and coach was wrestling and I jumped on, I jumped on KD back, Katie flu me back man.


I flew through the goddamn window. Y was still, man I still got the gas, I still got the scar on my damn K was my, that's I mean but like it was just never basketball with us. We was just, was my nigga like I like I hold him down. He owe me down. We in the gym all like, like nigga that's is my nigga And. we just happened to be good at basketball nigga y'all both just happened to be tall as fuck. Like how, like he said he started off rebounding though. I know, but just think about like, my nigga is field, my nigga is five 11. Yeah. Like, I like they split me and K up by the time we got like 13 by the time we got to the eighth grade, that's when he went to the blue.


That was I went to assault. Assault. Yeah. Like, you know what I'm saying? I was gonna ask you, how did, why y'all split up? It was at the time me and K was kids. We ain't know. We just did what our parents soldiers do. You know? Damn hindsight is clear, you know? And whoever got to, whoever mine first with whatever, like, bro, we ain't had shoes, we was poor man. KD ain't, we ain't grow with no money, no shoes, cars, none of that shit. So, yeah. You know, whoever had to pair shoes for us or had better situation for us and you know, and I, I can't speak for his situation or you know, I just know my situation personally. When I met Curtis Malone, I was wearing the same pair of shoes for two years and it was too small.


And that nigga showed up to my house with five pair of shoes. I said, oh yeah, I'm be at practice tomorrow. He tell us it was simple as that small dropping a hundred like $20 on his, the first time I seen a $20 bill and they had a doc on him. He showed a lot of love. Yeah, he, yeah, he, yeah, he, he did some good things. Yeah, he did some bad things. Nah, yeah, yeah. It ain't enough for me to judge. Yeah. But he kept all that away from y'all though. He still a good person. He kept, you know. Yeah he did. He did. No, I'm just saying though. He really, he really took a liking to y'all and loved on y'all. Like y'all was his though. Like, nah, nah, we ain't gonna go that far.


You don't think so you got kids? Yeah. How 15, 10 and five. When they go, when they, when when they get older. Right. When they grow up. How much money they gonna have to pay you? None. You know I got you. Yeah, I hear you. So, nah, I hear you. If, if, if, if, if what I'm doing for you is not what I'm doing for you. Nah. Genuinely a hundred percent. If, if, if I can remember every time he like, if he can remember every time he gotta a stop when I got 30 points, that mean he ain't get locked up. Shit. If you only, if you only one time you can remember everything he did for me when I was growing up.


Yeah. You understand tape like you on tape, but you know what's crazy do you talk about it? You want MVP? I'm doing the same. How has the season been so far in the big three? Man, y'all obviously know what I'm saying. Contend right now. You want be real. You want be real with you? Hell yeah. Can I be real? You gonna say it's easy? Oh the basketball part is easy. Yeah, I'm not talking about that part. Basketball is easy though. Like, like I'm gonna tell y'all when y'all can get as good as me at basketball. Okay, tell me when because I lock you up. So let like all tell me. Alright. How many times you kicked your toe on the, the, the dresser at home?


Are you done right? Thousands times. True. Okay. How many times you, you, you turn around and blamed your pinky toe? That dresser been sitting there for years and every time you like your goddamn dresser. Yeah. Yeah. That mean you trust your steps so much that you understand nigga. That's how, that's how much I work on my game. Like, ah, that's, that's a hard analogy but I stopped you. So what that mean I'm, did I move the dress? That that just means that that just mean that I don't worry about the cord that just keep walking. So I, I crazy man called fucking some shit that fucking core.


Alright. I'm just saying like that's shit like, you know we may shit for every once in a while but you ain't ever turned around and blame your fuck. Congrats on the MVP though bro. Yeah. Congrats. I ain't want it. I, I really thought, I really thought Cory, Cory Brew deserved it. I like, I really didn't want like I didn't, I'm not into like individual awards. I just came to bus ass. You get win. You, you killing bro. Like you for real Q made a comment on Shaq podcast. He brought up yo B's killing. Yeah but they ain't winning so that's the only thing was on my mind. Oh you just wanted to win the chip just winning games.


So the energy about to be different tomorrow for sure. Nah, you, I'm saying you, you going, you going. I mean you, when you played us you was trying to kill too. No I wasn't though. That's the thing. Like no I'm saying I'm not, I shouldn't say trying. You was just doing what you do. Yeah like you know birds fly, fish round. Yeah you was killing. I told him to let me guard you the whole game. I ain't even lying bro. I can guard him bro. I know what to do. What you gonna do send him right? Nah he he drive good going Right and pull up Good going Right. So what was you gonna do? I was gonna send him left, right, left. No, no, no. That's why I drive good going. Right because everybody take off my left. Yeah everybody be cutting my left like my scout report on be so I'm gonna tell y'all.


So Corey brew, if you getting some sleep tonight I'm gonna tell you stop this not gonna drop. This shit ain't gonna drop but you can't send him Right because his pull up going right. It's too good. Like if y'all watch bees he pull up going right. He rarely miss going. Right bro. 'cause his shot, he get to his shot super easy going right going left. He got shit. But he finished super good going left like he can get to all the way to the basketball. His right. He get the heian he get to doing, he gotta dance with him but he get to his shot way better going to. Right. I figured it out. I watched him. I guard him. That's why I could guard him in the post. I'm ah, he get left. I ain't got nothing to do with him.


Like he go to the basketball by sports. Right, right. He got too much shit because he got, he pull up and he can get to the basketball. You got help. You know I got help. You know the, you know the skinny the help. Oh yeah I heard you was the chef. Yeah. Shit the face. Wait, so is neck on Tuesday a thing, a real thing? Where the fuck is n what neck? What animal is that coming from? These you asking to me questions If you want a plate. I got you. Not if I know the fuck come from now. Y'all niggas is athletes. I'm here to kill you. Not heal you. It's different. Y'all gotta go to them motherfuckers make them meal plans and salmon. Oh yeah. I don't do all that season.


You do all that seasoning shit flavor. You, you cook for the flavor. For the flavor. I don't like that. Yeah y'all eat to live. Which is fine. Ain't nothing wrong with that but yeah it is different. The only flavor, the only flavor of food I get is like candy. Like candy like what's your kryptonite? Me and him side. Mabas used to like, if I don't see it, I'm cool. Yeah. But if I see it bro I gotta buy, I gotta buy all of them in the store and then they ain't, it ain't gonna last me but tonight like I'm, I like, like I eat every one in front of my face. So B'S at the gas station. What you grabbing too much?


Mabas, sour Mamas, Skittles, any like the tropical, the purple ones Guns smoke one? Yeah. What you think about the red? You tripping nigga? Oh Jesus the best to me tripping the green one so good when they, when they change the gr the flavor, the green one from lime to green. Apple man guns smoke. Oh. Oh nigga we should, yeah you chip gotta you know my favorite candy? No, no. My favorite candy all time my favorite candy all time.


And this is like B recent now I went to China and discovered this lemon hot juice, hot chews are some hot. Oh my. I seen some hot truth. Yes. Hot chooses are leaked. You tried the lemon ones? The sour lemon ones. I ain't familiar. I got tap bro. I order the box of these on Amazon. Like I thought it was gonna last me like six months. But they was the sour ones. I accidentally ordered the sour ones. I thought it was gonna last me like six months bro. They weren't in my house for three weeks. Like crack damn like bro. Oh man. Hey we need to clip it up. We gotta get you the hot true deal. We gotta lock it down bro. Gimme how true deal bro. Don't send nothing with them. Them sour lemons to me. So I don't like nothing.


I I like the grape 'cause I could mix 'em with the, so lemon means we gotta get you a deal. You gotta say you like all of 'em. And then we get some cigarette apples. So we like, we just like icho You you said bro Icho bro. Icho choose. I choose Tapia for sure. Hey man, but listen, you about to get up outta here Bes, we appreciate you signing up man. How long we, we got, how long we been talking? We was just vibing out man, you, you know what you like, you like we don't really fuck we we wanna call it a podcast with you. We just call it like chopping up like we just chopping it up with family. Like you know some people do a podcast and they it's a like interview. Yeah. How long these shit usually go? About an hour. About an hour. But we just, just chopping it over. We appreciate your time too bro.


'cause we know you don't really do these like this so thank you. Yeah, I don't thank you bro. Big bro be thinking this shit. Why? Yeah. Damn. Nah. But that's why I focus talk because y'all's not. Oh appreciate that. That mean a lot. Thank you bro. I was telling him like I I be watching your brother joint too. Yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? I just think that shit fly. You know what the game, you and your niggas just kicking it, kicking the shit. You know what I'm saying? Y'all ain't monitoring what y'all talking about. I know, I know y'all ain't talking about everything y'all. You understand? But yeah clearly like fuck, you understand you almost got each other is you said is that what you called on a random Tuesday in 2022 in March.


Like niggas 24, 2 years, years ago. He was trying to give you was like you knew you just knew. I mean he, he threw me off. He took, Hey bro we got the wrap up cause trying to go to sleep. Nah man, but nah, I appreciate you though. What's your name called? Mike. We call him Freaky Mike. That freaky Mike? Yeah that's my first. Why, why they call you freaky Mike Tell you off camera man. Yeah I signed it. Now they gotta tell me on camera watching clip that his old job, he used to be a stripper or something.


Some merch Shout. Nah, nah. Get some merch. Respect we the ones.com. We the ones respect Sir Tap in and the five 20 podcast too. Saying fuck with them niggas. You understand? We the ones do com we need to shop too. Nah, I'm gonna send y'all some shit. I'm gonna send y'all some shit. The, I'm the one that got the stop. I'm the one, I'm the one that got the stop DJ holding that to you. Oh God. Point what? I say when you got the ball. What I say when you got the ball? When you got the ball? I said y'all been waiting for this shit.


I ain't gonna, I like in the time he still hit the shot fault. Go watch that shit. Y'all gonna see I said my fault shot eyes. Y'all some cool niggas though bro. Appreciate podcast too. Hell podcast listen. Oh yeah. Oh well I'm gonna have one. It's on the worst it I can't wait to We serious about that merch bro. We gonna talk about way cooler shit than this though. Alright. Damn shit. We thought we was the one we thought the Nah, I had fun.


I had fun. Nah, appreciate you sure. Come on. That's how you control. I love we out


The. Volume, What's popping and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you for more. Check out bs.com.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how vyvgart ti trau, efgartigimod alpha and Hyaluronidase. QV FFC works by visiting vyvgart.com/moa. That's V-Y-V-G-A-R t.com/mo A brought to you by Argen.


Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Stay farm in DJ dramas from life. As a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle These situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.


ODU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes Business software can't talk to other programs. But du funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use DU because they save you money. Du makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@du.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks.