
As a renter, do you ever feel like you're just throwing money away? Think you'll never be able to save enough to buy your own home? Then check out Rent Rewards from Rocket Mortgage. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership. Now, for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 800 for Rocket. Or visit Rocket dot com. Rocket Mortgage, LLC Equal Housing lender, licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access dot org. Number 30 30.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool Beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report,


Bring Spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh Florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the Target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the Target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. Why do you think it's so hard for, or so difficult for groups that break up? I mean, you see some groups that never broke up. Earth, wind and Fire, Ohio Player, You know, break Bar case, things like that stay together and they, and they, they still touring 40, 50 years later. But a lot of times when groups break up, if they ever break up, they don't get back together. Why do you think that is? They have no, I don't, I don't think they pray enough together. That's the one thing New Edition does. We pray together, You know, we, we we love each other enough to put up with each other's, You know, and put it to the side when it's time to put it to the side.


When it's time to work. New Edition will be the, in the, at the front line, ready to do it, ready to get it on, ready to give the audience what they deserve. And I love that about us. Looking back, if Bobby could do anything different, what would he do different? Oh boy. I wouldn't have spent so much money so quick. I mean, I wouldn't, I would, I wouldn't buy as many cars and leave him on the side of the road. I would buy cars in each city that I went in. Like if I saw somebody driving down the street in a nice car and I'm on the tour bus and we were in that town for the day, yeah, I would ask the person to buy if I could buy their car.


And then we So you bought, you bought the person's car, bought the person person's car and would leave it at the airport or leave it at the side of the road or leave it at a hotel? What the hell wrong with you? I don't know. I don't know what was wrong with me. So somebody got a car, somebody got a car, like, oh, oh, well it was just a car. But I don't, I would, I would not have done that in my right state of mind. So your financial people like Bobby, you gotta stop this. Your mom, your dad. Well, like you said, it was your prerogative. Did you? I mean, like who? Bobby, you do realize this isn't normal. I know, I understand. If you wanted to buy a car, I said, man, I really like this car.


I mean, this time I'm gonna get this car a ship, this car to Boston or ship this car here. How do you buy a car? I wasn't thinking like that. I was just, I was, I don't know. I was, y'all heard this man, this man say he would literally buy a car, drive it, leave inside the road, or leave it parked at the airport. Yeah, Lord Mercy, I wouldn't do that now. Nah, I know your wife ain't gonna go for that. No she ain't. No, she ain't.


The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the high stakes drama, clutch moments and jaw dropping plays. DraftKings Sportsbook has you covered As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the play in games all the way through the finals, now's the time to back your favorite players in teams as they chase glory. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Well, they drop 30 points, 40 or more. It's your call. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now. Lock in your bets and make this playoff run unforgettable. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk nng dot coast slash audio.


Oh, I got a good one for you. I'm gonna give you four. Four. Four. You get four again. Just four Mount Rushmore groups. So you got the Jackson five New edition, Isley Brothers, temptation Boys Demand, earth Winning Fire Four Top. You just named them all. No, You know we got cool in the game. SWB, Dru Hills, Jode, destiny Child, jagged Edge, Tony Toone, Commodores, O ojs, parliament, the Miracles, Ohio Players, Gladys Knight, the Pimp and the Gap Band. You only get four. Oh man, I would have to go with the Gap. Ben Gap. Okay. Charlie, uncle Charlie. Uncle Charlie. Definitely Jackson's.


Yep. They gotta be up there. They gotta be up there. I would definitely vote my group up there. Okay. New Edition. And last but not least, probably Cooling the game. Okay. I'm sorry Isley. I'm sorry. Earth Weather Fire. He ain't put y'all up there. Ohio Players Parliament, OJ ojs. See this? This That was trickery. That was trickery because I couldn't remember all of the names that he said I The Temptation in the five heartbeats.


Did you watch that movie? I love that movie. It is. That movie is such a classic of what groups actually go through. Really? Yes. This is a classic group story. That's what I, that was my next one. Do these movies remind you of group experience? Yeah, we had some experiences like the five hard beats. Hey, did you ever feel like David Ruffin? Ain't Nobody come to see you oldest. IIII couldn't say that.


How did you become the lead? I've never been the lead. I think Ralph's always been the lead singer of, of, of our group. And we take pride in having such a great lead singer. Right. Like Ralph Treant. Right. He's smooth. He's he's he was sensitive somebody. He's somebody that he's sensitive on stage. Yeah. And off stage. But this brother, I'm talking about this brother can miss practice for the whole week, come in and do the steps better than everybody.


Wow. That is, that has practiced that whole week. He will have all the dance steps down. Wow. Have his whole persona of what he's gonna do on stage. He knows exactly what to do when he hits that stage. And that's why we have the best, best lead singer ever. Do you think there was any, ever any jealousy among, among band mates? I would hope not. I've never seen any jealousy. They've always been supportive of me and I've always been supportive of them and I think that's what kept the bond with the group so strong.


Well you ain't tell me why you got voted out. It had to be some, it had to be something going on. Right. Your wife was shaking her head. She like, yeah, something had to be going on. Hey, they booted you out the group. I was too wild. I was too wild. But you was, hey, you hit okay. Maybe you missed meeting or I mean the project rehearsals. I probably missed rehearsals. I probably missed shows. You miss shows. God, I missed shows. I missed everything I did. Hold on. I would miss, I would miss everything. I would, You know, damn Bobby, I would try to give you some grace. I was like, okay, maybe he was a little late. Nah. To the rehearsal. Maybe he missed, You know, a little function that we supposed to be. How you miss the whole show.


You do, you do realize like the people that sit attendance like damn New Edition where Bobby Yeah. That's what would normally happen. Where's Bobby? I don't miss shows now. I don't miss shows now. And you didn't. Unless I'm not well. Right. Lemme ask you this. You go solo. What do you think? What's, what's the worst and the best part of a solo career? Or if, if there is such a worst part of a solo career? There's really no, no downside to being a solo artist. Okay. I Think you, you, once you take control of, of your career. Once I took control over my career, it was all upsides.


You know, the music got better, the money got better. Not having to split. Yeah. You, the money you splitting the five ways 5,000. I got it off of itself. Yeah. Yes. So there's no downside to that. How hard, because like you said, you wanted to kind of get away from kind of like the, the the the bubble gum. So how hard was it for you to reinvent yourself as an adult? Because for the most part, people had only seen you in that group and they had only seen you doing Candy Rain and they only had seen you doing Mr. Telephone Man.


So that's all they knew you from. So how difficult was it for you to reinvent yourself to be taken seriously as an adult artist? It wasn't that difficult. Once I, once I got a grasp. When you started tearing up it like a grown man, when I, when I started to, to really see the crowd reacting to what I was doing, it just made me feel stronger and what I was, what I was doing, what I was about. When you saw the crowd react like that in the back of your mind as you're performing, I made the right decision. Yes. This is what I'm, this is what I'm supposed to do.


That's exactly what happened. That it got into the back of my head that if I didn't do this, I don't think I would've, I don't think that we would be still successful if I hadn't went solo. Right. If I hadn't, You know, gotten put out the group and had to, You know, fend for myself. You do realize it's not often you go solo boom, blow up bell, be devoe, go solo, boom, blow up Ralph boom. That it doesn't happen like that. Normally you get LTD you get Jeffrey Osborne. Yeah. He does what he does. You get the Commodore, you get Lionel Richie, he goes off does what he does.


You get Harold Melvin in the blue notes, you get Teddy Pendergrass, he goes and do what he does. But all the members were standalones once they had to standalone. Right. You realize how you unique that is. Bobby, did you ever think about that? Like, damn, we had on, it's like having Patrick Mahomes, Tom Brady and Peyton Manning over the same team and then it go elsewhere. They start like, damn, that's what you had. Yeah. New Edition. That's what New edition stands for. It stands for, You know, we are the super group that, that did the impossible. Yes. I can't think about the top of my head that I'm looking at all these groups that I named. I don't think when you go back and look at 'em, obviously in sync with, You know, j jt, but when you go back and look at it, I don't know if they, they had the success, like individually.


Like you guys had what you got. No one has, no one has done it. Wow. That's the great thing about New Edition. No one has done what they have, what we have accomplished. How difficult is it to be a star? When you talk about being a star, what do you mean? I mean the, the the, the line being in the limelight. Like being, being in the limelight. Okay. You gotta, obviously you gotta produce in the area which you in. So you are a singer. You gotta be able to come out with hit records. You an entertainer also, you gotta be able to entertain. Right. Because some people, I, I feel that they're better entertainers, the singers and some people I see feel they can sing better than they can entertain.


Right. But you were both, you had to be both and you had to be lights out every single night that you hit the stage. The pressure to keep coming out with these hit songs, the pressure to perform at the highest level. You can't have, you can't have an off night, Bobby. No, you can't. You by yourself. You can't. You can't. I think, I think that's why I say work on your craft. Okay. Always practice on your craft. Always, always be be mean to yourself when it's time to rehearse. Okay. When it's time to, to get out there and do it.


When it's time to get in front of people and be nice to people. I've never said no to an autograph from a fan. Really. Never, ever. So you enjoy the meet and greets? I enjoy the meet and greets. I enjoy being recognized. I enjoy every, every, every part of it. Right. Because it's, it's, it's who, who pays my bills. Right. They pay my bills, but damn Bobby, what about when you was on the sneak tip and you ain't want be recognized, Bobby say it is what it is. They, they recognize you. You have to, you have to go ahead and do it.


Hey, go ahead and say to make sure they don't blow the cover. Right. Lemme ask you this o obviously the cars were some of the worst purchases. They probably wouldn't have been bad had you not left them. Yeah. Do you, so what are some of the worst purchases? Because now you got, you got this money. I mean, you making more money than you ever thought. Bobby. Those were probably my worst purchases. And the house in Atlanta, Georgia. I bought this big ass Alpharetta man in Alpharetta. I bought this big mansion from, I believe the, the porn king or the once it, it was owned by the porn king and then it was owned by the waterbed King.


And then I bought it and it was just the worst, the worst money I've ever spent. I bought the house, put like $2 million into the house. Damn. And then did not live in the house. What? Just left it to my family. And it was probably the worst purchase I I I ever purchased. You mentioned earlier that you gave a lot of your money away. You gave a lot of money to your family. You gave a lot of money to friends before you realize, when did you realize that You know what, they're my family. They're my friends. They're taking advantage of me.


How far down the road were you before you? I was all the way down the road. All the way. All the way in. You know, I don't regret it. You don't, You know, I don't regret it. You know what I've been through in my life. I think we're all learning lessons, learning teaching moments that got me to the place that I am now. What would you do different in that situation? You got to say, I'm gonna place you back. You know what, You know now at 56 I'm gonna place you back in that situation. What would you do different? I would put my family on allowances. Okay.


Not unlimited budgets. Huh? Not unlimited budgets. No. I wouldn't just buy frivolously frivolous things, You know, for 'em. Right. You know, spoil 'em. And I would just, I would, I would, I would take care of myself a little bit better. You know, I've been through so much, You know, as far as, You know, from drugs to alcohol, to, to just, just not taking care of myself. And I think I would just take care of myself a lot better. Is it true you once bought a store for a woman because her boss mistreated her?


Yes. And she owned the store and then she had the boss start working for her? Yes. What made you do that? I saw how he was treating her and I didn't like it. And it was just a way of, of me telling, telling myself I could change, I could change a person's life with just one check. Right. One check. And that one check, that lady owned that place for I don't know how long, and she had the boss working, working for her. She maybe she had him treat, treated.


Maybe she treated him, treated him just like she treated her. Yes. I hope so. I hope she fired him later on. Hold on. It says you spent a million, you spent a million dollars in one day. In one day. What the hell you buy? I bought three watches, two cars and a house. You didn't wanna space it out? I'm gonna buy a house this week. No. Okay. I get to watch this week. The thing was, the thing was I wanted to spend a million dollars in one day. I mean, just for the hell of it. Well, you, well somebody, if you spend a million dollars in a day, when you gonna be like Bruce's million, all of a sudden get 10 million at the end of that day if you spent a million what day?


No. No. I wish that was, I wish that was the case though. I wish that was the case mean, Bobby, did you do, I mean, as you sit clearly you didn't think it was as was ridiculous then. But as you sit back here now 30 years later, do you realize how ridiculous that was? Yeah, I do. I do. I do. So that's why I'm glad I got such a beautiful wife that won't allow me to do that no more. Well you told her that story. Did she punch you? How many times? I just wanna know. No, she, because she say that money we coulda had, she just laughed it off and said, You know, we gotta work then.


Yeah. Gotta work. Right. Gotta keep it up. What have you learned about money? It's not to be taken advantage of. It's about knowing when knowing when to, how do you say? Knowing when to hold them. Knowing when to fold them and know when to away, when to walk away. Yeah. That's what, that's what I, I I think about money now. Someone that's coming into money now in this industry or any industry and they came to Bobby, what's some of the advice you'd give them? Save, invest.


You can't, you can't go wrong with owning pieces of property because they're not making any more True. So I would tell 'em to invest and buy lots of land. We talked earlier, you're in the food service business. Do you wish you had invested more earlier? Yes, definitely. I wish that I knew what I, I wish I knew what I knew know now. You know, I wish I met my wife a lot earlier. Right. Yeah. That's what I wish.


Do you ever look back and like, damn, I blew a lot of effing money on Bull Jive? Yeah. Yes. If I could switch that around, I'd be the cheapest mother on the planet. But lemme ask you a question though. If you could switch it around, let's just say for the sake of argument, obviously you're gonna have a nice lifestyle. You're gonna have your nice home, you're gonna have a nice couple of cars, you have kids you're gonna take care of. But let's just say for the sake of argument, we switched that around and now you are worth is 10, 20, 15, 20 times what it is now. Are you with the group? Am I with the group? Yeah. Are you touring with the group? Let's just say for the sake of our Bobby right now. Yes. Bobby's worth 200.


Bobby's worth 250. A quarter of a million dollars. I'm still toing with no addition. Hey, Y say no, you're not. No, I'm on The yacht. Y say she on the yacht. Yeah, she can be on the yacht. But that's just something about touring with them. What is it? What is it about their wisdom? It's the, it's the brotherhoods with your brothers comradery and the screaming. Yeah. 'cause a lot of the, a lot damn near, I guarantee you 75, 85, maybe even 90% of the people that's in the audience, they grew up listening to you guys.


Now you have new fans, but you have a, you have a base, a base. The, the the any for lifers are a a a group of people that, I mean, we, we cherish them. Yeah. We cherish them because they are, they are diehard fans, You know, and they know us a lot better than we know ourselves. Correct. And it's just beautiful to see their faces when we go out there and see all of the, the familiar faces that we've seen over the years, over the years, over the years they grew up with us. Did you own a a, a music studio in Atlanta? Yes.


Bar down rre 3000 and Big Boy. They recorded the song. Yeah, they bought the studio from me. They bought it? Yes. Wow. Yeah. What made you, what made you decide to own a studio? Not wanting to spend my budget on other people's studios. Oh yeah. You making somebody else rich? I was making somebody else rich by recording in their studio. Okay. So I bought a studio to record my own albums. And then you let other people come in there and they let you and you got rich off there. Yeah. So let What are some of the artists that came through your studio? Of course, You know people, Bryson used to come there a lot.


Okay. Yeah. Outcast. A lot of the, the young entertainers from Atlanta. Is it still, is it a still functioning studio today? Yes, it is, but it's called Stankonia. Oh, okay. So they still own it. Yeah, they still own it. Wow. You had a friend that was fatally shot. He was sitting in your Bentley. Do you remember that moment? Yeah. So what happened? It was mistaken identity. No, they wanted him, they wanted him dead. I don't know why. I don't, I don't know the gist of how it, what happened.


Right. But I just know that it was just, you were in your hometown. You were in Bo you were back home, right? Boston, Massachusetts. Yes. I'll never forget that moment. Never. 178 bullets was in the car. 178. Damn. And I didn't get scratched once hold they fired 178 rounds into a car. And not one bullet touched you. Not one bullet. That's how I know I got somebody watching over me.


Yeah. There are a lot of your mom and your dad. A lot of people pray for you, Bobby. That's unheard of. Wow. Did you, did, how did that moment change? Did you, like, did you realize how fortunate you were? Do you realize like there has to be a god? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It also taught me that Going back home sometimes ain't always, it's dangerous. Ain't where you need to be because everybody's not happy for your success, Bobby. Right. Even though you're from a small town, I mean, they saw you. I mean, again, the way I look at it, Bobby, if we, from the same small town, you had the same opportunity I had.


I mean, sometimes it's a little different. I mean, I grew up with, You know, my grandmother raised me and, but I I for the most part went to the same high school pretty much. Did the same thing that, so we all had a opportunity. Maybe it wasn't music, maybe it was sports, maybe it was for, you could have been a lawyer, right? Maybe you could have been a doctor, but you had an opportunity. What is it that you think that makes someone resentful of someone else's success? I don't know. You know, they believe that they should have, it should have been them in some, some form or fashion. But I don't, I don't know. It just, it's mind boggling that people tend to get jealous of someone else's success.


Right. When you should just bust your ass and work, work hard to be your own successful being. Right. You had Donald Trump in your music video on our own in 1988. Yeah. I didn't you I did not know Donald Trump at that time. The company, the record label had that happen. Oh, okay. They did it. Yeah. He was just a popular person. Yes. In New York City. And it was about the Ghostbusters. So Donald was in the video. Did you think Donald, did you think almost 35 years later he would be president of the United States?


Hell no. Hell no. That's crazy, right? It is. It is acting. Yes. What made you wanna do do that? It's a form of entertainment that, that I feel passionate about. Like doing, doing the different, doing, doing the different movies that I've done. Just working with the different comedians and the different actors. I had so much fun. Really had so much fun. And it was just you like those long days. It's a hurry up and wait situation.


Yes. It's a hurry up and wait, you hurry up to wait for, for you to shoot five minutes of film, but you wait four hours, five hours. Five hours, six hours, 10 hours. Yes. Yes, you are, you might be on the set 12 hours and actually work five minutes. Five minutes. As long as they paying for them 12 hours. I'm good. I'm good. I'm looking at some of the, the actresses and actors you work with. Angela Bassett, Lynn Winfield, Regina King, Chris Tucker, Chris Rock, Jennifer Lewis, Dick Gregor. Look.


Kim, what's some of the best advice that you got while on set? Pay attention to pay attention to what the director wants right from the scene. Pay attention to the script and if they want you to go off script, let you ad-lib. Okay. Let you ad-lib a little bit. Which Martin allowed me to do in Thin line between Love and Hate. It was fun. It was a lot of fun shooting this different scenes that we shot. There was one scene where Martin wasn't there and it was basically me directing the scene.


Okay. And it's the scene where I'm in the club and I'm asking the, the girls, You know, we need some dancers, You know, to fill up the club. So Martin wasn't there that day. So they allowed me to just, they allowed me to, You know, block that and do that scene myself. And that was a lot of fun. Do you wish you had done more of it? I still wanna do more acting. Yeah. Really? Yeah, definitely. What you looking to do? What, what, what's, what's the type of role? Bobby's look you looking to get into? No romantic roles.


Wife ain't going for that, huh? No, wifey ain't going for that one. So no more, no more romantic comedies? Yeah. Shoot 'em up movies I like shoot 'em up movies. Okay. You want gangster movies? Huh? Gangster movies? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Play a gangster. Is there a road that you turned down, you wished you hadn't? You're like, damn, why the f did I do that? Yeah, there was a movie I was gonna do with Holly Berry and Tommy Davidson and I turned it down and I wish I wouldn't have turned it down.


Wow. Was that in the movie with, with Jamie Fox? No. Strictly business. Business. It was strictly business. Damn. Damn Bobby. What the hell? I don't know. I was on tour at the time. Okay. So I was just like, I'd rather, You know, go out here and get, get this money in. Right. Not, not tie myself down at the time. Have you ever gotten stage fright or forgotten a line? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I've cut, cut. Come on Bobby. I have, I have, I think more so, more so now I get a little bubbly in my stomach when Yeah.


When I go on stage. Right. I think because of the age right thing right now. But back in the days, no I didn't, I had no problem with going on stage at any time or, or doing anything on stage. But now it's just like, it's more so of a job then it being pure, pure energy. Right. What's your, what's your favorite memory of a thin line between Love and Hate? My favorite memory of Thin Line between Love and Hate. What's probably just working alongside Martin.


Martin is just, he's, he was, he was a great director the way he directed me and also just, he was just a good friend Yeah. At the time. Right. Do you learn anything? You see how Martin was playing too much? She puts something on him too though. Oh yeah. She, she damn sure. Did you start playing with people you mentioned, so you like, obviously Martin did a great job. You say he's, he was a friend. Did You know Martin before you was on the set? Yes. Okay. Yeah, we knew each other. Okay. He had asked me to be a part of this, this film he was gonna do.


And I was like, You know, anytime. Right. And when he did call, You know, I was like, yeah, let's go do it. And we was in Los Angeles filming and it was just a lot of fun. Two can play that game. Vivica Fox, Boris Chestnut, Gabrielle Union, Monique, Anthony Anderson. How was that experience? That was hilarious. I got a chance to, to wear prosthetics. Okay. And become two different, I was two different people in the movie. Okay. So I was Big Mike and then I was Big Mike, but I got the chance to wear the Jerry Curl and the, the teeth and the, You know, the bumps and all kind of on my face.


Right. And then I got cleaned up. So that was a lot of fun reality. The real husband of Hollywood. You, it was Nelly, you, Kevin Hart, Nick and Nick Cannon. You like reality tv? I do like reality TV because it's, it's, it's open. It's open for like, that's scripted. It's scripted reality. Right. But for the most part, you just have fun with a bunch of cool cats. So that's what that was, that was just a lot of fun to shoot.


You did reality with, didn't you have a another reality show, right? I had a reality show with my wife Yes. Now. And I had a pass With your ex-wife. With my ex-wife, yes. So is that what kind of got you, because when you had it with your ex-wife, is that kind of what got gave, gave you, gave you the bug, you got kind of bitten with reality tv? Well no, Bobby, your life was a reality bro. And I, I don't know if you noticed it, I don't know if you noticed it. Yeah. You sit down cameras in your house all the time, but they was follow you everywhere. So your life was a reality. Bob, I just want you to know that. Yeah. They, they, they basically you a reality show. They basically gave me that, that opportunity to, to fall in love with, You know, being truthful to myself.


Yes. And not mine, not, not mining being open. Right. Do you remember the scenes that you were buying glasses and you were dancing, you were buying the glasses for your ex and you were dancing. Were people annoyed with you in the store? Huh? When you, you was dancing, you remember that scene that you were buying the glasses and you were dancing. Do you think people got annoyed with you? I don't know. I, I was annoyed after, after I shot the scene, I was just like, what the hell was I thinking? What was I doing? But it was, it was fun. When we did shoot it, it was a lot of fun being a part of, You know.


Right. Something, something like that. Of every of people that have played you, who do you feel has done the best job of portraying Bobby Brown? Oh, hands down. What's his name? Woody McClain. Woody McClain. He did the best job? Yeah, definitely. Okay. I mean, the fans, what the fans seem to think also. But You know what I tell you now we're gonna go back to your own stage, but what were you thinking, man? You used to do all kind of stuff on stage, man. Yeah. What, You know, you got that verb man going. What, what about it? I mean, do sexual acts on stage?


I mean, come on Bob. Well, it was just something to do, something to, I mean, you could have continued singing, grab to grab some attention and sell more records. You gotta do, you grabbing a lot of things you just not attention. Did, did you think, I mean, when you, did you have a girlfriend at the time? Was she cool with that? Probably. Was she cool with that? Yeah. Yeah, because it's, it was, it was acting you. Okay. I was an actor at that time. So what did you do in Georgia to made them arrest you for what you did on stage?


All I did was dance. Did, did a slow dance with a girl. I didn't, I didn't, it wasn't no simulating sex or anything like that. It was just a dance. Right. In Georgia, Columbus, Georgia at the time, Lew Lew performing right. Was not allowed. Right. Because the last person to get arrested for that was Elvis. Elvis Presley. Yeah. So you had to feel pretty good. Like hell, they got Elvis shit. They got Elvis, they got me too. Sold them records though. Yeah. So how did that help your record sales? That shot my record sales through the roof. Everybody wanted to come see the concert after that. Right. See what everybody was. What the height, what everybody was talking about. Yeah. What everybody was talking about.


What's your fondest memories of Atlanta? Probably the food, eating soul food all the time. What's your favorite soul food? I'm a catfish and grits type. Okay brother for breakfast. I mean, you're not eating that lunch. Lunch, breakfast. Okay. I was gonna say you're not eating that all the time, but they are you. No, no, no. So my wife won't allow me. Is she Okay. You was shot in the leg by your girlfriend's ex-boyfriend. How the hell that happen? I don't know. I was at the wrong party at the wrong time. I just shouldn't have been there. Did you realize? I didn't know he was out. Okay. He was out. Oh, he was in at first? Yeah, he was in at first. So how did he know that? Did she tell him that I'm dating Bobby?


No, no. He saw me with her. Oh. And she didn't get your hands up? Like, You know, I just dating. She told me to run. I ran, but hold on. I started booking. I didn't know I was hit until, till later on. Yeah. But hold on. When you guys started dating, did she ever tell you, You know what, Bobby, I used to date this guy. He might be a little crazy. He inside right now and let you figure. No, she didn't tell me none of that. Because had she told you that, would you have made a difference? I would've, I would've chose different, I would've definitely chose different. You'd asked like, okay. When he getting out. When he getting out because then I can base about how much time I actually got. Right.


So what, what's some of the craziest interactions? Because I used to hear people tell, did you ever have a, a red Mercedes station wagon? No, I had a blue Mercedes station wagon. Okay. Blue. Why you get a station wagon? Because I had these amps and this booming system in it and it was just, it was, it was just nice and loud. Normally people get station wagons with kids. This man get a station wagon to put speakers in it. Yeah. And I love that car too. Oh my god. I love that car. But I did have a son at the time. You couldn't put him back there with speakers car. You had chucked the backseat to put speakers in there.


Yeah, you're right. Top of the world. You, one time you were one of the biggest artists in the world. Did you understand who you were? I had a good idea about it after touring, doing all of the countries that I basically toured from, from Guam to Singapore to, I mean everywhere. Right. I went every everywhere. And to know that people didn't even speak my language and they could understand my music and sing along with me. That was something that, that let me know that you've made it. What's it like touring overseas? I hear a lot of people say for the very thing that you said, they don't really speak the language, but they sing every single word.


Yeah. And it's everywhere you go, it's 50,000. They're they're lining, they're chasing the bus and they're lining the streets just to get a glimpse. Yeah. Just to take a picture, just to look at you. What does that feel like? That feels wonderful to know, to be accepted in, in the eyes of the public and to be adored by millions and millions of fans is the best feeling in the world. You were so big. You even dated Janet Jackson at one point. Yes. But how did it make you feel when her dad said she couldn't date a man like you? What do you mean by that? Pops? That's what I was thinking. That's what I was thinking.


What do you think he meant by that? Because obviously you're in the music. I was the bad boy. Okay. I was the bad boy of r and b. I don't falter, I don't fault anybody. Right. Hey, it was what it was for the time that it was Right. Is it true that you almost signed with Tupac's Machiavelli? No. That's, that's not true. That's not true. Okay. Now what about Mur? Irv Gotti. Irv Gotti was a great friend. Him and Ja Rule had a great time shooting Thug Loving. But that's another rumor that I was gonna sign with. Okay. Murder Inc. That was never No, no. So it, it, it seems to me at this point you're more, more want to be independent than be with a label.


Definitely. Would I, would I be correct in saying that? Definitely. So what's your relationship with Ja Rule? He's a good friend. Okay. Yeah. Why is he so misunderstood? Ja, I don't know. Jas his job, he cool. He's a cool cat. I don't know why he's misunderstood. Because he had some of, he had some of the, some of the great hits. Yeah. He had a lot of hits. Yeah. A lot of hits. You mentioned Irv Grody who recently passed away. I think he was suffering from diabetes and he ended up succumbing to that, to that illness. What should people know about Irv? He was a special cat man. He, he loved, he loved music.


He loved seeing people successful. Right. He loved that. He loved making sure that you got your just do you got paid? I think for the video, Doug Loving, I got paid like a million dollars to shoot it. And the top of that building coming off that helicopter was the scariest ever in my life because I'm so afraid of heights. Right. That it was just like, I don't think I can do this. And the wind was blowing and it was just all kinds of things going on. And I was just like, I have to nail this first, this first take.


Yeah. You don't wanna do it again, huh? Because I don't wanna do it again. So we there nailed the first take and you was out. I was out. What can our culture, we, we see Irv was battling that. What can, what can our culture do to take hypertension, diabetes, things of our, our health? How do we, how do we get us to take things more seriously? We have to eat better. We have to take better care of our bodies. We have to read on, on a lot more on these things that are bad for us. Right. So we gotta really take care of our right. Ourselves. I see video, you working out some, it seems like you're trying to get in, get in front of and getting in better, getting BetterHelp yourself.


Yes, I am. Is that because you, I mean obviously you got a beautiful wife, you got kids, but how much is that? I mean, performing and just to be I wanna be in better health. I wanna see my great more kids. I just, I just wanna be in better health. Right. Better shape. I want to be around for a long time. I'm healthy now and I wanna stay that way. I want to get more healthy, better health. You had a great quote. You said you don't know you're an addict until it gets worse and worse and worse and you are so far down the road, you didn't realize you were an addict. Not, not for a long time. I think I, I just, I thought I was still partying.


Right. But I was, I was in denial. Denial. The project you grew up in the Boston projects, you have seven brothers and sisters. How many bedrooms did that, that project that home have five. Man. You were living good. We lived, we lived, we lived, we lived fairly well. Stanley's laughing. What was a a a normal day in the, in the brown household. Mom pops, seven kids. Lots, lots of laughter. Lots of laughter. My father was a comedian and my mother used to just tease him all the time. Okay. But my father was a hard, hardworking construction worker that worked every day of his life.


And Friday night he'd give my mother that check and he'd go out and come home Sunday. Damn. And that's pretty work hard work. Wait through Friday, get a check, deuces come home Sunday. I I don't think that's going, going over well in today's time. No. You witnessed your best friend get stabbed at 11 years of age. Yes. What type of psychological impact did that have on you, Bobby? It made me, made me want to get out of the projects. Okay. It made me wanna work hard at what I believed in, which was entertainment.


Right. It really made me put the group together and, and, and strive to be the best that we could possibly be. Right. There was also, you had to deal with a lot of trauma. You saw your friend get stabbed. There was a situation where you were molested by a priest. Almost. Really? Almost. Yes. How did, so lemme ask you a question. How does one deal with situations like this? How does, how does an 11-year-old, you see your best friend get stabbed and you have the encounter where you are almost molested by a, a priest. How does that, the psychological deal with that move forward?


What impact does that play in one's life? It makes you not trust a lot, but prayer has always been a part of my life where God has always been like right there protecting me from having to go through the worst of things. Right. And even when I did have to go through the worst of things, just being able to talk about it and pray about it, I think got me through a lot of, a lot of different situations I've been in. Having a two-parent household, what did you learn from your parents? Oh, family is everything. Okay. Laughter is, is a big part of growth.


And just, You know, love how to love how to love somebody. Father, what type of father is Bobby Brown? I'm a, I'm a yes man. I give my kids everything. Do you give, do you try to give your kids what you didn't have as a child? I had basically everything that I wanted as a child. So giving my kids whatever they want is just, just me, just being normal. You know?


I don't let 'em run all over me. But my daughters probably my daughters. I Yeah. Your your wife shook the head. Like he definitely left run over. He def he definitely left a run over him. How have you tried to improve as a father? Because you saw your mom and dad live in the house and they did ev they made sure that kids had, and you saw that relationship, You know, you said you were praying family, you saw you guys eat together. So how have you, your parents watching them, how have that helped you become a better parent? I think being present, being present in their lives at all times and not, not disappearing on them.


Right. Tell us about your, your daughter's charity. Your, your daughter, unfortunately, very tragically passed away at the age of 22, but you established a charity. Yes. What is this charity and tell people where they can, the charity is called the Bobby Christina Serenity House. And we are a safe haven for domestic violence abuse women and abuse children and, and men. We have partnered up with View and Share House in Atlanta and in Boston. Right. And these are places that house, You know, women in need for, You know, to get out of their relationships.


We do fundraising. We do a charity golf tournament every year. Okay. And we do a gala every year. We didn't do the gala this year because of the fires. Right. We, we felt that it, it'd be really insensitive of us to try to raise money for, for domestic violence at that time. But you can go to bobby christina serenity house.org. Yeah, bobby christina serenity house.org. But I do it because I've seen, I've seen too much of it. My daughter didn't have to go the way she went. You know what the young man did to her is just, was unbelievable.


I don't wanna see any other families have to go through what I've went through or have to bury a loved one ever again. What have you learned about life? I learned that life is, it's, it's, it's a long road, but if you stay positive and work hard, life can be so fulfilling. If you can go back, tell your 18-year-old, your 18-year-old self something, what would this Bobby Brown tell his 18-year-old self? Don't do drugs. Don't ever do drugs. Yeah. That would be my, my my words to my 18-year-old self.


You just experimented with it and just tried it. I experimented with it and then all of a sudden it just became a part of your everyday life. Part of my everyday life. Wow. I'm gonna get you, get you outta here on this. I saw you dancing, you and your family was dancing to the video. Not like us. What do you think about that song? What do you think about Kendrick's halftime performance? Did you like the performance? Kendrick's halftime performance was very, it was interesting. Okay. To say the least, not like us is is a song that will be remembered Right. For a long time because of the fact that it won the five Grammys.


Yes. Not because of the beef, but because of the five Grammys. Right. And I don't know if people realize it's a disc song. Yeah. It's like no Vaseline. It is like ether nos. Yeah. It's like Heal him up Tupac. Yeah. I mean really. I mean it's, it's, and it might be, if it could possibly go down as the greatest disc track ever, it probably will. I mean, you see he parlayed that and he got an opportunity to perform at the halftime. Bobby, thanks for stopping by. Thank you sir. Having anything you wanna promote, support Bobby Brown foods.com and support New edition. Bobby Brown, ladies and gentlemen, thank you. Appreciate you bro. Appreciate you brother. Thank you.


Elis go underground Resorts world Las Vegas for allowing club Shehe to film this very special episode here today. Keep up with Elis, go underground on social media at Resorts World. Lv All my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the bro of dice. The why all my life I've been grinding all my life. Yeah, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the bro of ded. The why?


All PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool


For some of us. Personal finances aren't just personal. They include a lot more people than ourselves. Loved ones neighbors. The communities we call home and the causes we hold in our hearts. At Thrivent, we help plan your financial picture with the bigger picture in mind. Because even though our business is helping guide your finances, our ambition is to make it mean so much more. Thrivent, where money means more. Connect with us@thrivent.com.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic 'cause we came to play. Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.