
Man, listen. Traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staring the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah. Traveling sometimes when they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, spots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier for sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified. Ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man. It was perfect. Out to Airbnb, how you feel about the tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great.


This is what you do when you're love of the sneaker game. Had you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, score all your once in a blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic streetwear. The experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you can wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Can't Get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Bran, and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume.


You wanna know what the best thing about being a sports fan is. There's only two days in the entire year that we don't have any games in any sport. So with all that action in the sports world that just makes about every day game day at DraftKings Sports Book. If you're new to DraftKings, listen up. You can bet $5 and get $150 in bonus bets instantly. All you gotta do is download the Draftking Sports Book app now and use Promo Code Club five 20. That's Code Club five 20 for new customers. All you gotta do is bet $5 for $150 in bonus bets. Only on Draft King Sports book. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and W at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs.


Alright, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Same gang with me to my left, my dog Bishop B. He out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty, cool and nasty. Let's get to it. It's been a while niggas back in the store again. For sure. You know what I'm saying? We took a little PTO, you know what I'm saying? I see you still on vacation, you know what I'm saying? Outta uniform but just Oh yeah. This is just a, just a, a little throw fit today. For sure. For sure. You know what? I'm shit decent though. My little canvas, Adidas. I just, I fuck with the old school Adidas, so I fuck with that. If you boosting, if you trapping, just go get that cheese. I don't trap, I don't boost these $60 of chips down to the plug. He do a little better.


Grab that switch and name it up for me. Fresh off of win today my boy fresh off a plane. Young nacho young team. How you up man? I'm chilling bro. I ain't even had no chance to go put on no kicks bro. I'm really off the plane bro. I had to eat some Hooters. I had to order it to the stool. Fresh off the joint. Hey, which is first of all the Cliff five 20 socks is crazy. Grab the switch and name it up for me. They made on the website yet? Come soon. Did you boosting though? You trap it Just go get that cheap Mike Mama may deal. Nah, shout Make this shout out to Mike Mama. I need another outfit too lady. For sure. Hey, I love the fact that everybody got their own individual club. Fox 20 mech. It's far. Everybody got they.


Oh shit. That's really true though. It really is though. Oh shit. But if you want the official shot club five twenty.com grab you the official merch facts. Hey man. Big three win. What's up with it man? See you. You was getting to it today? Yeah, we was getting cooked. I was getting cooked for a little bit. Shout out to Briscoe, Isaiah Briscoe, Kentucky Guard Big three. He'd been playing for a minute of Big three I think. Good player but shit he lost. We won. He came through a clutch. Yeah, we needed a big win. We got that win. But it was cool out there competing. The atmosphere was crazy though.


Yeah like playing in Jersey that it was dope. The atmosphere was crazy for the game. The fans really came out so it was cool. And he from Jersey so competing against him all you heard he can't fuck with you Zay. That's, I'm like yeah he missed a free throw. Well that's hard though. That city got behind him like that. I fuck with that. I was like I can't wait till he play nap. Too bad we don't because I had this month Cincinnati's the closest thing you go get. Yeah, I all had it on Tip but nah, it was cool though. Hey I was dying 'cause you know anytime something happens in that big three and you hooping it is coming straight to the inbox. And the first thing nigga said to me, he said dang t remember he was the coach when he threw that ball at him. Oh yeah. Yeah I was on that. I was on that.


He closed he d clothes lines, you know. Yeah. He said at the end he said it wasn't no foul. That was crazy. No that was crazy. When he looked at the red flag no car, I was like fam that was crazy. D clothes line my nigga. Yeah but well shout out to Briscoe though. Drop at 37 and you only go get to go to 50. Oh yeah, respect bro. He got to it. You cooking? Yeah. Respect you cooking bro. For sure. Yeah for sure. Shout out to Earl Clark too. My guy EEE five was out there too. Damn. Come on Clark around with him. Legend baby. So shout to them man. Trilogy good team. I'm glad we was able to get that win. But let's talk about New Jersey as a city. Oh my gosh. Shout out to Dirty Jurors. For real.


They ain't had no hotels. Wheres you staying boy? Holiday Inn. I thought I was with Chin they don't wanna be with Nah nah it's nah Don, that's a crazy part. Crazy. Back after holiday. That's a nasty big three roster. I said damn we at the Holiday Inn. This is crazy nigga. It was so bad. Me and Mo thought about buying our own hotels in New York bro. Like fuck it, let's just go to New York. But y'all could have or y'all coulda Airbnb it man we should have Airbnb it for shit for sure. We should've used it. Club five 20 Code my fault. Yeah bro y'all coulda Airbnb it.


I'm sure Pro don't. I thought we had a promo code. Joe Johnson didn't stay in that hotel for sure. Joe probably flew in daily game. That's a special spot for him. I didn't see him in our hotel. I know for damn I think we just be mooc like we gotta earn our stripes because we have to always see me at mooc. That's crazy. You hands I did see answer my nigga first. My Holiday Inn. He a trips baby so I get it. Yeah, not yeah they gotta get you right Balls Life flip you up every weak. We gotta up, we gotta up sky. Nah so big three always put you in really nice hotels. They just said like they gave us some wondering like it ain't no hotels in this area.


Yeah so like damn. And they try to keep y'all close to their arena so that makes sense. He was like it's gonna be a struggle but that hotel right there, I ain't gonna lie. First time I slept with everything on in a minute bro. No I ain't take my socks off. I ain't take my shoes off nigga. I was in a whole fit like this. Them bugs can crawl through your clothes bro. They was gonna have to put through a couple effort niggas you shoulda and got comfortable. Had to put up a hell of an effort. That's why I understand about people like when they scared to sleep so hard y'all sleep with Y clothes on motherfucker, a motherfucker bug can still crawl through that nasty ass hoodie them thick ass. I just feel better. I feel better How you feel Bulletproof outfit.


I wasn't put my face on that pillow. I wasn't doing nothing. I'm like hey no that's the worst part about the terrible hotels. Yeah you look at that motherfucker pillow case, it has not been washing. It's three people been in that bitch it's camouflage. I was like nah this mug off white. The towels was off white. I would just tap back into the journey bro. My nigga had roaches back in day and I spun the night at his house so I'd have been cool consistently. Yeah he had 'em every day. No I'm talking about oh no you, you shake talking about my friend. I you gotta shake them out though. You gotta get home. Stop at the front door and shake. You gotta shake them clothes. You come up in here baby. Nah friend empty that backpack good. I leave this shit by the, but show Michelle the real by the door.


No the front door outside that bitch because I would've got comfortable with the duster. No good old boxer me God got me. I'm figure it out later man shit. Well based off that elevator surface level boy we needed an attend shot step that on off that shit was funny though. But you know why I'm saying this though because my guy, I, I don't know your name. My fault you told me to talk about this. Hey talk about this hotel on this motherfucker. I said I will I'll to let him know but it wasn't a big three four. They always treat us great. So shout out to the big three. Shout to Cube. Hey man shout out to live Natha. Shout out to Jeezy Friday night concert that the playlist tour kicked off here.


You know what I'm saying? Y'all was in the building, y'all fuck with it. Oh I had a blast. Oh man. Had a blast. Top 10 concerts I've ever been to in my life. Well I'm not going that far but the best Jeezy concert I'd have been to. And you know what's crazy? We in the city where a lot of mixed opinions happens about events that go on here and I didn't see one negative comment about that concert and I'll fuck with that. Also shout out to the Patreon people who tapped in on the socials. We got to send a couple of our Patreon's most finest to the show. So hey man, it pays to be a Patreon subscriber, you know what I'm saying? We got a live events going on in the city might be able to tap in next but the Jeezy concert looked amazing. Lot of good reviews. The playlist concept to me I think is far 'cause like as OGs who like listen to Jeezy from like Trap or Die, we got to hear the mix tape cups the B size and sometimes the more intimate concerts really be the best ones.


Nah, that shit was hard man. Nah, I just felt like the old Jeezy Cloud nine Jeezy on scene at the club or in the a going to see him and I felt like he's really tapped in. He tapped back into that world. Not saying that lefty but you know he got corporate and shit. He was doing his books which ain't nothing wrong with it but he was really snowman out there for sure. Nah for sure. Yeah the cutoff snowman shirt was weak. I ain't gonna lie but my nigga been in the gym Paul he found he, he was showing the guns ball but I get it a cutoff on white. Seen that shirt up there. Don't do my pops like that bald. Yeah I got, I could never see see coach she in the snowman.


Right. That would be out of pocket bro. Yeah I see. Tell my pop's gonna have a drill vert shirt on. It's crazy drill vert cutoff shirt rp. That's gotta be a V-neck pocket. I ain't going in no like you know what's crazy, I was looking at an older movie, it was like 20 14 20 13 and Nicks was wearing V-necks. What's worse the V-neck era or the rockstar era because that V-neck era was out of pocket. The V-neck I fucked with a polo v-neck. The black polo with the red horsey and the small V. It was never a small V though. It was always the capital figure. Nah, nah at the l la they had, you can get the either the small joint or the big boy to go down to the middle of your chest.


That was so weird. The sternum V next is crazy. The Capital Vs was nasty. I hate V Next bro. Yeah that's a terrible call ball know I'm a gas station T King. I accident, I accidentally bought a V-neck gas. Oh gas station They still sell though. Oh yes they do right there. Listen I was right there on 50 56. Yeah come on that's my spot. Come on. I was there and I was there and I was right there on Michigan Road and I had to look, I said ah nah bitch don't be mixing these together. You need to be separated from crew with the vjo. It's crazy. I didn't know those were still for sale. They still out there. I couldn't imagine getting to the function of throwing that on having a V-neck. I'm going home bro. That's one of my workout T-shirts now. On the V-neck. Yeah that V-neck.


It was a nasty combo with the rosaries and the undone chest tattoos. We was out pocket man nigga fast. The rosary changed is crazy. The rosary shit was nasty. Bitch you're still the devil. Why did I, why did I get that tatted on me? Oh you got a rosary. Every nigga has a rosary. You got rosary beat on you. Any nigga, anybody play basketball, got a basketball with praying hands and a rosary around Hope it's like a 98% chance bro. You hoop, you got that tattoo. That is a youth pastor chain for sure. I swear to God. What's crazy is I think my nigga Keena had the black one. I think he had the black one with the, with the, like this guy was kind of bedazzled when he had the little crossover there.


He had a A bedazzled. Yeah Rosary. Yeah. That's crazy child. My pal up the gate child kin, he went to cathedral so it made sense. It fit the narrative. We was talking about this the other day. I was like professional athletes have the worst tattoos of all time. They have the most resources and have the weirdest tattoos I've ever seen. 'cause we, I'm not saying I'm a fresher athlete off the court for sure. But you get tatted when you young bro. Yeah bro. So it be like my college tattoo so ass. I'm like boy whoever did my shit, it was a white dude. He was drunk high. Yep. Crowd today. He probably was off man I gonna lie.


The breaking band is crazy. He was, the shop was kind of filthy so I already know he probably was rrp, my nigga Bto, he used to ta us in high school. Man that was the phase bro. Rrp. The rrp, the tattoo parties that used to really be a thing. Yep. I had one when I got my first crib on Courtney. That was really a thing. Think about the girls tats though that was getting like them low back tats back in the day. Woo. Oh they filthy. They done moved up. They back now. Mm. Trim stamps is crazy. They probably so wide now. There's some lethal ones out there. The trim stamps. I think it was the trim stamps then the thigh tats. Thigh tats are the worst.


Ah bro. That fucking both. Yeah a a good thighs hat you feel me? I encourage it. I don't, I hate it. The problem is is some of them back tests, they started off as tigers and none of the motherfuckers as pumas. Nah for sure, for sure. Puma. Shit I seen a, I ain't gonna lie, I seen a whale fish. What was a A pig whale the other day. Y'all see a new animal? Some of them back ta with some pig whales. Listen a little bitch I used to fuck with had love always. I'm like alright bitch, how many niggas been back here love. I ain't gonna say that but I follow up question. I know some motherfuckers with stars and oh oh the star shit is crazy.


That's cool. But when it's another nigga name and you cooking you like damn nah fuck writing it back back here in a long time. I'm gonna shoot the GR on Ramon. Fuck it boss bitch you better not have Raymond back there bitches hit me back tonight. Freaky ish. Alright. I know a girl the root up. I know a girl who's had the best to do it on they back. Ooh. And I know one who had under her butt Bout it. Bout it. Damn that's cold. It was kind of cold shot. Oh damn. Her code bout it. Bout it nigga. I said that's damning her heart. She might be in the hall of Fame. Yeah and she might still own the DVD player too.


That motherfucker said bout it. Bout it under the cheeks. I was like that's hard now the trans stepss supposed to elite. You gotta get a full back tattoo now if you got. Yeah and it can get covered up. It was niggas talented. You gotta get the whole full back piece bro. You can't just like Yeah. Damn that's crazy. Hey man, a couple ways we can start. How was y'all 4th of July? I know niggas don't really probably care about the holidays too much. Oh shout out to my family. Shit we had a shout out to Uncle Joe, you feel me? Shanice and everybody cooked yesterday. It was cool. We celebrated yesterday so out the guy it was decent. I don't know but Mike keep fucking up something. It's just DJ film Uhoh. We sure. Yeah. No I'll just be laughing when he be looking like he be looking like oh shit.


Nah but I don't so dramatic. I don't celebrate 4th of July my brother and up do though. I'll turn up any day. I ain't gotta go to work. I'm fucking with it any day. I ain't gotta do nothing important. I'm fucking with it. I ain't gonna lie. Did you? Don't even fucking did have me a little barbecue but it wasn't at my house. No. I had some fire Turkey ribs on on the 4th of July. It was crazy but I seen the the the all white party. You ain't get an invite to Michael Rubin party. Damn I missed my invite again. Yeah, after y'all last conversation. Oh damn you got went till 2025 man you supposed to send my Travis Scotts man you was supposed to be out there playing beach football with them niggas bro. After running rights with Travis and Odell. Oh they was doing that? Yeah, Tom Brady was out there with them and DeMar Hammond is a real person 'cause he was there.


Which one? The new one? Yeah, he's the new one's a, he's a new Gucci the fact and it is. We just fucking with you DeMar. But he so lit right now. It's crazy because he died bro. It damn really took you to lose your life. You would've never been invited to that fucking Reen party bro. On some real shit bro. Don't do that. But look what the take that. Nah, real talk bro. He wasn't NFL player bro. He was bro. But his name rings Bells now bro. And I, I'll fuck with that if you get in a bag 'cause of what happened bro. Shit. Bring me back. Take me and bring me your back because my nigga turned up bro. DeMar living all, listen, the Henny clone is not sitting in that chair.


I'm see that right now. No forces gonna be all white. Michael Rubin did. Nah, fuck it. We just gonna do the the Brown Supremes. Fuck it. Oh that's nasty. Brown Forces is crazy brown Supreme Forces the UPS forces is out of pocket. Nah, but y'all know DeMar Hamlin wasn't like that before y'all come on now. Nah, it wasn't even like a big NFL player bro. So I fuck with his shit bro. You went through some shit bounce back.


This summer Hennessy encourages you to shake things up and explore new possibilities in partnership with some of their friends and family. Hennessy is putting their twist on some of your favorite cocktails, including the margarita, the Barry Mojito. These fresh cocktails will turn your next gathering into something more. Set things off with the Hennessy Margarita. A squeeze of fresh lime juice and a bit of agave syrup topped off with ice and a salted rim. Mix it, shake it, pour it, and enjoy Hennessy Hennessy made for more. Please enjoy Hennessy responsibly 21 and over only.


This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, they'll find the one again and again. The latest sneakers drop. You can't stop thinking about one of a kind street where you're dying to wear and fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet On eBay. You'll feature your eyes on the full meal of hard to find fines. Start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make a designer collab your main course, the cherry on top. A timeless watch or iconic rear handbag in the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista and NFL Network's team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


DeMar Rosen Trade To the Kings it is looked like the Bulls is finally clearing house. They keep talking about they can't find anybody to take Zach Levine. I think it's crazy how disrespectful they treating that man. And I think they are setting a bad president and he hurt though. He's not hurt no more. I think he had surgery last year so he, they could move him to soft season. I think it was a mutual understanding but from more I hear about it, I think that there's a lot more smut on the bulls on this side of the situation. 'cause they're like Denver shitting on his name while trying to get rid of him. At the same time. A lot of people don't want his contract but I'm like, okay if y'all selling the house, go ahead sell the house because I definitely clearly need to rebuild. But shit, getting Debo out there I think was the the first real dominoes for them. Completely like tanking.


How y'all feel about the the king situation you think? Does that make them better? I mean obviously I know he's a much better player in the Harrison Barnes, but does that get them into top four, top five in the west still? No, I don't know. I think they just kind of sit back and made Malik Monk another six man. Mm. They might try to start 'em though. Oh DeMar Rosa. Malik Monk. They might run all three of them. I was gonna say there's no way they, they have to from what they paying him, you know you not gonna pay what Deebo what three years? 75? Yeah he's gonna start and Malik Mon is getting what close near that too. La Marta Rosen at the three I I mean yeah it is just defensively that's gonna be tough 'cause all three of them make the best defenders.


I don't think they're better than the Pelicans. Ooh that's a, that's a interesting conversation. If you that depends on Zion. Zion say outta Dallas they straight me and be him in there going down that road. But you can bro. Nah I'm not because she figure out because Mariah, Mariah be running across T for you not mine. So I'll be getting up. That shit just be funny bro. Hey they put it, somebody said in another world Zion, Wilmington would be getting ready to kill for team USA right now. It was like nah we know where he gonna kill at This summer and it's not on the basketball court. I was just looking at her like my nigga was cramming that you a dangerous nigga bro because only Zion and Shaq could get behind that.


On God bro. That nigga Zion bro get well sued bro. Zion's the only person who took his part in put it on his signature shoe off that alone. He's a freaky ass nigga. Having a Jordan shoot with a big ass D on the side is crazy. I love Zion Wilson though bro. Zion co me still. I don't care. I love Zion Wilson if he stay healthy bro, they could be a really good team. They are better than the King though. That's a big if that is a big if but if you line 'em up by the position I mean De Jontay Dion obviously Dion but still not no slacking on that part. Malik Monk. cj. cj Yeah after three then you going DeMar and bi as of now bi.


Nah, he ain't better than DeMar but I get where you're going with it at the four. That's really what shit kind of get icky. It's her Pope right? Yeah. I mean is that his name Herb? What wasn't Herb I call the nigga Herb Pope Herb Jones And then you got my boy Keegan Murray. Yeah I'm gonna take Herb Jones. I mean I like Keegan Murray too. That's Keegan Murray who then at the five you got Saboni and who is the five Zion And unless they have but yeah I just think the the Kings got better for sure. But I just don't think that just made 'em like noisy now out west it's, it's a lot of shit they gotta go through bro. Definitely. I I think the interesting part about this off season is that nobody wants to go to the Lakers and I don't think it's because people don't wanna play with LeBron.


I just think what comes around being with that team especially like Clay the Rosen season. Vince probably not trying to deal with that shit man. Yeah. As somebody you know who's had the opportunity to kind of pick and choose where you wanted to go. Especially later in your career you really not trying to deal with a whole bunch of bullshit. Nah it's a whole new, you got JJ Redick as a coach still got LeBron ad it's gonna be a circus act. I shouldn't not like that. Like it is just like people gonna be there to see it. But Brian 40 JJ Redick a first year coach then you got Lil Bronny. If you having some bad moments boy you going to be the escape goat for sure. Yeah. You know what I mean. Ad already get a lot Slack ad played good last year now if you coming you having a bad year it's gonna be all on you.


It's crazy 'cause I was watching that game yesterday and people were being critical of Bronny. I said bro it's the California classic bro. Don't nobody give a shit about this game. Nobody give a fuck. He gonna be in the G League. I don't know why people expect so much. He gonna play G League. Yeah starting PG for the Lakers bro. Starting PG for the South Bay Lakers South League. I'm gonna tell you right now, if there's a any point in in the first half of the season that Brody gets in the game for the Lakers bro it is going to go crazy July 7th. I'm telling y'all right now. He eventually will be either if he not starting he's gonna be getting a lot of minutes bro. He's not gonna play over, he not gonna play over Austin Reeves bro. I'll say this. When do we think he's gonna get in the game before Christmas or after Christmas? Pray you have a healthy season bro.


I know. I'm not wishing that on you Deep rush. But if Russell gets hurt bro. Brody's playing y'all. I'm telling y'all. Okay let's take an over under. So we all y'all here at this moment. When is Brody gonna play in the NBA game with the Lakers? With his pops. Oh he is in the first 10 games of the season. Oh he going get in the game? Yes is touching the floor. He not going to play. He gonna get in the game so he not gonna play. So we gonna say before Christmas he is gonna be, he gonna play the first play the first game. He might play the first game of the season. I swear if he comes out open tonight it gets any type of tick. It is going bro. It is going to everything. They have to, it's a movie bro. This is like, this is fake. This is like we living in a matrix bro. This shit's not real.


I ain't doing all that. It is real. Know what I'm saying bro. He's gonna play, they know that that they gonna play the first game of the season bro. On national tv. They gonna hype it all up first Father and son Duo ever run step court and he gonna sub in probably gonna do like one minute in the end of the first quarter they gonna throw him in. Alright. Play a little defense sub him out. Nope, I'm telling you bro. Man, that that is going to be insane And the thing that's gonna happen, it's like a movie how somehow that nigga gonna get a steal and pass it back to bro and LeBron gonna dunk it and that shit gonna be everywhere for if he throw his pops a up in the game bro, then that's gonna break what he will. It's liable to happen y'all.


He's not, y'all acting like this nigga is like Mike. He is. No he like LeBron. He like LeBron. No I'm saying this nigga is like LeBron fuck that. This nigga really hoops y'all. I'm, I'm not saying he don't really hoop bro. He really, he really hoops, he really liked LeBron and it's no disrespect but him playing at the, the first game of the season is crazy. I don't see how bro they team's not that good. Y'all I'm sorry bro. I'm not saying they ain't. I'm just saying after D Rust it gets spooky on the Lakers at the guard play. Y'all Gabe Vincent. Hey Gabe Vincent. He better, he not better than Gabe. Vincent out of pocket. You crazy. Out of pocket? No hell no. Gimme brony. Fuck no for the, for the moment.


For the, for the seats in the building. Oh for the seats. Hey Vincent, if Vincent's the seats he's starting he's not a better basketball player than fucking gave Vincent. I'm not that fucking dumb. I'm saying if I'm taking my risk and I'm trying to get the Lakers program back going when D Russ is tired or if something ha happens, God forbid I'm putting Bronny in the game bro. Bro I'm playing my room. JJ first game as a head coach, he put Bronny in bro. They are going to play. Oh no he's playing and my boy Connect who get ticked this year Push but they still got, he gotta play over Max Krissy. They just gave him 80 year max sit this for now. I helped you.


I'm saying that first game bro. Brony gonna get in that first game just 'cause it's for the movie like the movie. This nigga act like this is Space Jam. I swear to god bro documentary is being filmed as we speak. Oh for sure As it should be. His last dance is going to be two weeks long. Yeah it's gonna be and it's gonna be fire too. Yeah it is gonna be unbelievable. It's gonna be fire but the, the film is now so Brony going. They gonna run a play for Bronny to throw something live to. It's gonna be hard. I ain't hate it. It's gonna be tight but I can't wait till we clip this something to happen. It's gonna be Nah it's going, it's gonna be amazing for sure. That's gonna be crazy. I gotta as man since we, you know what I'm saying, we'll be at summer league, holler at us, you know what I'm saying? Can't wait to see some of y'all. But my favorite summer league that people forget about is the Orlando side gym.


Summer league niggas was in there hooping for, they lives in that little bitty ass gym. Victor Oladipo had crazy moments in there. Lance Stevenson had crazy moments in there. Yeah, Paul George had crazy moments in that motherfucker. That's when I real, I mean I, I was a little bit familiar with him after watching some of his highlights of the draft, but when he played in Orlando I said oh this nigga cold. Yeah Summer League still ran in Orlando. Absolutely not. They got the California Classic and they moved to Vegas. They was like, oh y'all gonna watch this on NBA TV now it's cool. We gonna go ahead and throw all these on the game slate. We gonna get this money summer. Okay. That's why we do y'all know who's playing in Vegas? I mean most should be just about every team. Oh okay cool. Yeah it should be every single team. Okay. But yeah the Orlando Summer League used to go crazy.


It was people we wasn't gonna make the team we used to be fans of. I remember first time I seen Donald Sloan pay for the places. I was like damn he gonna be our backup PG and then shit got spooky at training camp. But summer basketball's always fun as fuck to watch. I'm just really excited to see some of the young rookies because they say this draft class is whatever they feel about it. But you got some of of those second and third year guys playing that's gonna be lit. Yeah, I'm trying to think who I'm excited to see. I'm just excited to see Connect. I I think I wanna see Rob Summer League, him and the summer league probably gonna be fun. Oh yeah. Timberwolves Summer league team is gonna be crazy for sure. Lakers Summer league team obviously with them too. With your boy Connect and yes, Brody's gonna be very, very interesting.


Some of the young teams that didn't do as good last year, that's got a lot of people coming back. You might see a couple surprises but I I love summer basketball 'cause it is just really damn near open gym. I hope Iani base plays in the summer league. I hope Miami Bass gets actual minutes next year. 'cause he could have helped the Cleveland Cavalier. Yeah, he need, he needs more sick, he needs more tick bro. That's interesting. Like I, I'm a big fan of his game like that. He's, he's nice bro and he like when you get put down in the G League, I think that's the test who you are and he killed in the G League so nah, it's hard to kill in the G League. Not gonna lie. Like that's how shell got back nigga all the way. Right. So when you go down there and prove yourself, I think you deserve at least an opportunity to, especially on the team like Cleveland.


He ain't sitting behind. Too many people give him a shot and that's crazy 'cause KG just talked about a story of a v Bradley going down to the G League for a week or so and he was just like, he said when he came back, like he said, you could tell it was a different type of hunger in him and he was just like, every time he kept killing he was like, I ain't going back. I ain't going back. And I, I see it, it's a lot of niggas who get to G League. He's like bro bro I can't deal with this shit. It is, it is different. Oh God. I remember they asked me to go, I said no as a rookie they was say you wanna go to the G League? No. They was like, wow. I was like, they about to, they was about to go to Miami. I'll never forget. It was like Bivy was like, damn you gonna miss Miami? I don't wanna go that nigga rather drink Gray Goose and Patron go work on this game.


Yeah. I was like, nah, hell nah. And I I was like nah, fuck that. You deserved a shot to in Atlanta though. They could have put you in. You was ready to play. I was ready to play. You was ready to play. I was. I argued that for sure you wasn't when I got in, when I got my chance to play the only game I played, I had 26 and 15. Yeah, you wasn't no G league. You was not no G League for sure. No disrespect to niggas that gotta go but yeah. Yeah. Damn that is crazy. Your first time you got a game. First time I got to and of course bi big head ass. So you ain't going to Miami. That's crazy. I see my real man. I see my dog today. He interviewed me after the game. That's my dog.


That's hard. Shout out to B And. we can't wait for that one. Oh for sure man. And that bring the full POS back. Yeah, we we need to time that up in perfect timing for sure.


This is what you do when you're love of the sneaker game. Had you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, they'll find the one again and again the latest sneakers drop. You can't stop thinking about one of a kind street where you're dying to wear and fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet on eBay, your feature eyes and the full meal of hard to find fines. Start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make the designer collab your main course. The cherry on top of timeless watch or iconic rear handbag and the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love vintages and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Can't Get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the source. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista and NFL Network's team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal view of the show. Now you're on it. How's it feel? I am A loyal viewer, One of my very favorite shows. We We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Fuck all the the engagement shit. I know y'all been watching a little bit too. Who Y'all. Who's y'all Rookie the year so far in the w You going Angel Reese you going cc I'm have to go against Dr. Omar this one and I nicknamed you baby so cc I need something off that. I'm gonna go CC first Woman to get a triple double as a rookie. All that she had to go through this year and still hooping. Yeah, I'm going Cece. It's the first time I'm gonna go with Angel Reese. Her double doubles on a better team. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't mad at that. I don't know about better team but I feel you on that. She has definitely been fucking hooping this year for a lot of people who didn't fuck with her double doubles because they kept saying, they been making videos of her saying she'd just be missing just to get rebounds.


Listen, he started it. It's the truth. It too. He fucking nigga. No that's a video of it. Crazy. She but she just had 27 and like 12 the other night bro. Yeah she's killing but I ain't gonna lie. She do, she cold bro. She do miss a lot and go get the rebound. But a lot of them miss bro. They call that the Moses Malone rule when you in the league. I ain't doing her like that bro. I'm just saying if you watch her she miss a lot and she really don't got no move. She damn like yo, this almost, but it's like what? No, don't do that. Nah, Yanus really don't have no whoa. Oh now you James Harden. No, no, no. I'm saying like y just don't, Yanus don't have no real moves like that. Whoa. Like Angel re just got a straightforward game bro. It's not, no it's not nothing cute.


It's just hard nose rugged. I just did 10 in a pen. I'm about to go kill. That's how it in Briscoe play though. Nah, we start with his foul on you Briscoe. But Briscoe, he was putting you in a post 'cause he felt like you was too little. He got a really pity pack game though. It is different. He has that. He just chose to go a different route. If a nigga is overly aggressively guarding you in a small nigga, you gonna put him in the post too. Jeff. I wouldn't even aggressively guard him. I don't play defense. I know, but I'm saying if you in gym like all right just gimme the ball in the post. I'm about to elbow this nigga type shit. I'm saying how you was on that? Yeah. Angel Reese don't have no like Giannis don't have no pan. He don't have a jumper. He don't have a what? I hate what people say that.


Like how he don't got that and he wins MVP because I'm saying every Giannis is a great basketball player but everything like how you violated like Kobe Bryant's game and said I said it was stiff. I said Giannis game is stiff bro. It's not stiff. I never said Kobe Bryant game wasn't, I said I didn't like watching it. Well I don't know how you don't like watching Kobe but you can watch Gianni. I didn't say like watching Giannis but he has an ugly game. I love, we put agendas on people that don't agree about this podcast. But I'm saying Gianni got GNI killed, he won y'all championship, all that. He's hard bro. But I'm saying Paul's but he don't have, you ain't teaching your son how to hoop like Giannis. You can't like Angel Reese got a Giannis type of game bro.


I'm gonna get these stats but it ain't how you think it should be. I think the far thing about Angel Reese is that Angel Reese got a David Lee type game. Fuck no. Yes nigga David Lee was skillful. Are you crazy? No. David Lee just got rebounds and put backs. Man. Nigga shout a 15. You crazy. But I, I think what's fired about for Angel Reese is this is her first year in the league and now she's finally with a coach that actually kind of embraces her game with t Willis spoon. I think her evolution, she's going to get that bro. She's gonna get better in the post. She'll add more moves. Nah, I I think it's only up for her. I'm just saying for sure ain't no I don't think she's really like, alright bitch I'm going to miss, I'm gonna miss seven shots today to guarantee these seven rebounds. I mean she throw it up there that she just be aggressive to go get it.


I'm just being real just like Giannis no Giannis hit you with a throw that bitch up there. Nah hell nah. That nigga Taylor puts shoots 60% in the play. Yiannis played fucking backboard dodge ball. Yes nigga his jumper ain't 60%. Nah bitch her field code percentage is not no damn 60%. Hey my, she probably shoot 38 from the field bro. Come on. She came 38 from the, she missed it. I shoot 38 from the buddy get she missed to get the rebound. She not shooting 38. The it the low forties. It's the low forties under the basket. Shit IGI guarantee it's a low. That's disrespectful. I guarantee her she potential low forties. No. Now I'm thinking about that video of Blake Griffin Garni when he was in the paint.


What is it, 41 I totally got under the rim. Under the rim. No that's probably just regular FG nigga. She don't shoot jumpers. She got a little mid that she pull up every once in a while. She don't shoot jumpers. I don't even watch 'em hoop. Yeah I do. She just throw the both there and get it and I'm not hating it. That's what she do. She aggressive but to say Giannis do that crazy just for the argument Giannis is 54%. That's crazy. I'm not saying Jannis of course can get to the basketball. I love this podcast game of the title of game that Giannis has is not teachable bro.


It's like bro just go do you and kill. I know you don't get these numbers if you got a six, six Giannis don't have a a Giannis Alpo basketball camp. Say say that. Say that name again. He do. He do gotta camp bro in Grease. Exactly. Teach the next seven foot 9-year-old how to play just like that. The fuck if other of all the seven footers could draw the ball like he draw the ball bro. It'd be special. He can I say this for a quick thought. Angel Reese, she averages seven offensive rebounds come on. But she that is crazy but she averages 11 defensive rebounds but seven offensive rebounds is crazy.


That is a lot nigga you are the best offensive rebound in the history of basketball. I thought only Tristan Thompson did that. Come on bro. And Tristan wasn't even shooting him back up. Tristan was passing out. Hey hey what's crazy is Cece got like he average will like eight or nine. Rebound as a guard is kind of crazy too. Yeah, nah she hooping too. Kevin Clark just has a more smoother game and I'm not doing the race car shit. I'm just saying it is more she's a guard. She's a big guard. Yeah but shout out to both of 'em. Pushing envelope. They both going crazy. Having really big, big seasons in the w If you look at the voting like last year Asia Wilson's like she led with like maybe like 75, 80,000 votes for the Allstar game bro.


She really cold though. Yeah, she's one of the best. Yeah, she's the best player to ever play in the WNB. Wow. Nah for real bro. Yeah she's cold. She is great bro. She's top five Best ever is nuts. Bros not doing what she she top five when she just record. She just, bro I don't think she married her mine more either. What record? She just break. I'm not, she got a better game than mine where she can go inside out. Paul like that's crazy. That's a girl bro. Ain't no po. Yeah, yeah. All right. But shout out to the snatch but she could play on wing. She can play on the wing. She could post up. Nah she's cold. Nah she different bro. That's the first girl that I really watched and was like alright, my fault, my fault.


It's a lot of girls too. Nah, like I'm like my fault, like you probably really can get a bucket on some dudes like a lot of them can bro. Hell nah. Maya Moore can get a bucket on a nigga bro. Diana Sirki can go get a fucking, I'm talking about the NBA. Like they can't kill. I'm not saying she can actually score like yeah like yeah Diana can score on who? A bucket. On who? Diana Roki can go get a bucket in the NBAI swear to god. 1.1 layup she got foul. Wow. That's crazy bro. Maya Moore can get a bucket. So you saying that Simone Augustus can get a bucket bro, they not athletic enough. Oh Simone Augustus the only way they gonna get a bucket if be left on wide open.


Like I'm saying, like if we, they played in a big three right now and somebody was like I'm gonna just guard them for real the whole game. No bro, y niggas put like NFL blitz. Y'all rules just turned the fuck off. I seen some of them postals. I said feel like Wilson, I feel like Aja Wilson could get a bucket like she, what the girl do for Atlanta? Dream Angel? mcc. mcc. I seen her do a 360 layup on the break bro. She can get a bucket's. Tina Charles can get a bucket. She's scoring in the big three. Tina Charles Yukon Legend can get a bucket. No bro, she Asia Wilson come here. Greg Monroe. Greg, I heard her bro. Nah, Greg, I I fucking with you bro. Aja Wilson. You make you make Wilson. Wilson can probably get a bucket though.


I ain't gonna lie because she like more athletic and shit. Like, ask him how you feel about the Marcus cousin and Brittany Grinder 1 0 1. That's stupid. Like when Oh yeah, Brittany Grinder. I, I, you know what cousin scored 150 straight on. But you know how I feel, and I don't put too many people in jail, but Brittany Grinder, the Marcus cousin Sore 150 straight on her. Oh for sure. For sure. But I'm saying though, like guards especially in it. No shout out to Cube. It is. No disrespect. You got all the old heads in the league doing they thing killing. I love to watch it. But Simone Augusta's Miami Award can come in the league. That's why he had Caitlin Clark bro. She can get a four pointer. That was, that was all promo.


That was something else. That was all promo. I know, but I'm saying she can get a bucket in the league though. I'm keep it the, that disrespectful bro. Bro, once you, once I do this to her, I ain't even the biggest guy. The biggest guy you gotta think they five two guards stop fouling bro. Why are you guarding a motherfucker? Basketball I player That's an arm bar bro. That's how you protect yourself bro. Hey did y'all, speaking of that, did you see Evan four eight choke up to his shoulder? Yeah. Ashley should this up. Hey Yes, he trying to get understanding. Nigga said you too close. You know how I feel about Evan Paul bro. Whoa, how you I ain saying that very deserving bro. Stand on shit. I dunno how he keep that without cutting it.


What? It's okay go for it. I didn't say nothing crazy. Y'all always try to cut What I say, I just motherfucker you keep it. I'm saying he talking about guarding a motherfucker like this bro. You sad as fuck if you guard a motherfucker nigga all tuck the wing like this, that's an arm bar bro. You're not, if a motherfucker's in front of you bro dribbling the ball bro, you fucking suck. If you guard them like this, you're fucking sitting your player down. If dam and them is guarding somebody like this, you go, what the fuck are saying you doing? What I'm saying is I, I'm gonna put my hand on her like on her hip or whatever and I'm, I'm gonna move her where I wanna go free she sneak bro. She too little man. Like I, yeah I think about, you know girls always like I I'll cross you up. This nigga's one of the smartest basketball players.


I I know for sure he's damn not, he's not doing this. Listen, as soon as a person drive you going to tighten up like this. Like if she just sitting there dribbling the ball, of course I'm not gonna go to her and do this. You just said if a motherfucker really guarding her heart, y'all trying to kill her bro. Yeah. Y'all trying to show her like hey motherfucker, I guarantee if I, if I to go, if I was to go play ewe right now and she like I get a bucket on you, I would guard her got smoke. Yeah he got smoked. I guard hurt so hard. He told my nigga an example like you can't, he always told my nigga, why do you have the alpha on and smoke forever just so you forever, forever. She some million girls at the, she was the one at that party.


I'm just playing. He, you know he about die shout to the experience. Damn. Oh man. Oh y'all crazy man. Oh man. But a angel was like I said could get, she might be able to get a bucket. Oh yeah. But a Wilson the one to call this man for sure to the though you, y'all been getting a lot of love this year. You know what's crazy they I've I've liken the way that they starting to push certain games to the prime time slots and not catering to the people's preferences because I've been seeing a lot of fan base in WL What about my team? Y'all sad So y'all not playing prime time. That's just how the shit works. Too bad if you win a whole bunch of games.


Kayla Clark is gonna have a bigger draw to y'all. Yes. She's gonna play over y'all. Yeah come on. She she bring the fans out though. They, I don't wanna hear none of that shit bro. When it comes to the NBA if you sad, guess what? Orlando was good all year. Them niggas didn't see no type of prom time. You ain't seen PB five at all. That's just how the I played in Atlanta. We never played on tv. Y'all won the most games in the season. They did not want to give y'all no SPN games. Zero. I remember ESPN came to our gym, we was lost like what the fuck y'all doing here? Wow. They like, we wanna interview you guys. Like what the fuck? That's crazy nigga just used to seeing the regular news people there. Yeah, facts bro. Or TNT. Damn that's crazy. Hey you know what also it's crazy just Paul George relationship with the 76ers is all already starting out hilarious 'cause he was supposed to unveil his jersey number on the podcast today and they put out their shit today and said no he's wearing number eight.


That shit was funny as hell. Damn. They didn't even like that. They didn't do it. I don't think it was malicious. They like hey his New Jersey Pete, you know they have the official sign stuff now? Yeah they put it out with him a number eight jersey. I was cracking up. Oh he wearing eight? Yeah, I no, I had some thoughts about he was wearing eight 'cause I, I was told it was homage to Kobe and that instantly said no nigga but also 13 is retired in Philadelphia. So see speaking of jerseys, Paul George won't be wearing 13 in Philly. A couple different reasons. Why the fuck did I wear a Wilton steel jersey today to make sure niggas understand why and I don't wore it backwards.


Goddammit. So niggas can see that on there. Matter of fact lady, that's the next role play bitch. I'm will from 70 too. You gotta wear head band. So PG wear number eight as a, he can't wear 13 because retired. So I guess eight is, you know as Amage to Kobe. I I wouldn't say that out loud because you are with the worst fan base in America. Kobe is favorite player though and nothing wrong with that. But he isn't the worst fan base in America. Them Philly fans don't give a shit you have to produce.


That team has gotten really good. They got ej, they got K Martin, Andre Drummond off the bench. They, they, they got a squad. They built a team to compete next year. I'm trying to tell y'all they healthy bro. They special. That nigga said he can't live up to Wil. Man nigga stupid bro. That's alright. Shoes. Who's a hard shoes to feel bro If anybody Jersey retired bro. We'll probably looking at y'all see that Kobe mean I wish, I wish y'all would get that nigga my motherfuck number nigga Ilic the I did around this motherfucker. Hey you know what's funny, fuck I want somebody in LA to wear 32.


Nobody's wearing 32. 13 should award. I won Magic to be like hey bro you can wear my shirt. Wear 32 13 Magic giving a nigga bro. Come on man. Move on Renee. Oh man hell no. A BA free agency has been crazy so far. So far. Y'all filling with the new upgrades. Who is y'all? Top three in the east, Philly, Boston, Milwaukee. That's it for me. You putting, you putting Milwaukee in over the Knicks. You what? You got no particular order?


Boston, Milwaukee Nix. Mm Y'all feel y'all really allall on Milwaukee still Really? How m going? Beat the fuck outta y'all though. I seen my Boyse training. Dame locked in. Dame locked in? Yeah he locked in. Giannis locked in. He just got, they just, they going to the Olympics. He just got, he just got Luke up outta here too. Yeah and know when you go to the Olympics and all that shit, you come back even better. Yeah. Ain't know. Only thing I like speaking of Olympic ball, I love the fact that at the end which is just like shit, I'm still playing like I'm number one option. They gotta, they gotta adjust to me and bro trolling but it's hilarious. But I fuck with, I love the energy. They need that and they want him to be who he is though.


He's supposed to be, I think they're gonna be there everybody by 30. I think they're gonna win. I I'll be very surprised they don't, it's a couple teams. I don't think they're gonna blow out. I don't think they gonna blow out Canada. They gotta whip, they gonna blow Canada out smoke 30 ball I they saying 30. They gonna beat they ass though. Yeah I they're, I don't expect 'em to lose a game. Lemme be very clear but I think that Canada team fire this might be like the realistically like one of the greatest USA teams though. Mm for real. Like you just look at like the players on there. There's some really talented players Canada guy who? Who they got Shane. I'm lying. They got that nigga that look like look like Lil Flip.


Yeah they got him. He said like little fucking fuck hell game over. Who else they got? They got shit. They got Lou dot, Lou dot Jamal Murray No sweet. It ain't enough bro. No sweet Trey Liles. Man shout Tre. Oh yeah I forgot. Trey is Vanessa, he's Canadian with the lineage. They got a good team though. Yeah they got really good team but them niggas haven't ba Joe, Joelle, Brian, that's happened. Joelle, Katie, Steph, that's two Anthony Edwards nigga Jay, Tatum, Anthony, Davis, Tyree, Halliburton. Come on bro. Too many people five in five out on these niggas bro. Nah for real. And I've been saying I hate about my boys re I gonna see my boy about to hoop.


Let's go there and just be you King. Don't do too much. Well we know he not gonna shoot so he gonna get 20 assists so fuck. So we care about That's a good pickup for him though. This is good for his career. Oh for sure. And it's a good learning experience. I think that's why a lot of 'em like to go too so they can pick each other brain for sure man. Like you said with the young stars when you build that camaraderie, you know what I mean? That could be a difference in the free agency situation. We like all he get they got Kawhi and shit. Yeah Kawa got his hair pulled back. He trying to hoop man Deep book. They got a lot of people on that team cold bro five five L bro. A lot of team people on that team. I love the Olympics basketball just because like you said the Euro style play is a different type of rules you get to see our players adjust to it but also it's a lot of cold people in the world and to see like the yo the situation where you go to go represent your country.


I wish Luca and them could have made it but like just to see them cold ass NBA players on their own home country holding down. I be thinking that's fire. Even if they get smacked by a good ass team, it's just fire to see niggas go hold down for that shit. You know Who be so cold though? So Bon, I mean he cold in the NBA but he be clowning with Lithuania bro. Sooni and motherfucking Patty Mills baby be clowning Olympic. Patty Mills is one of the coldest executives. Oh for sure. Yeah I ain't gonna lie, he had me worried in the draft one year. I was like damn that nigga be hooping like that Patty Mills. Yeah. I'm like shit he crossing Durron Williamson like that. Ah shit. He got a clip nigga. Yeah. Shout out to Pat Greg career. He still playing. No I'm just saying he had a great career. Like for real he be killing niggas off like Mark Henry.


Nah, nah, nah. I ain't gonna do petty mills like that. I'm just saying he's able to been the keep like his role, he master his role in the NBA. Sure. Like knock down shooter. Yeah and that's the, I think that's the one thing that people really need to start paying attention to more. Like we be having a lot of people who've been in the league for a long time. Like I looked the other day, I forgot John Lucas came out in oh six, had like a long career he had and people were like how do people stay alone in the league that because they find that role and they fucking stick to it. Yep. Where he go? Oklahoma State? Yep. He went on drafted but he was in the league a decade plus. Yeah. Yep. He was cold. Little short motherfucker. Yeah he is little though seeing him on, I'm like damn bro you made to league you raw. He is the first person I ever gave 50.


You scored 50 on him? He had about 38 at 50. Where was you at? We didn't go to summer league that year. We had a mini camp my rookie year. Yeah. So we come, I come to Atlanta, we get to playing five on Friday. Like you play a whole game. It was like you can run a pick and roll every time down. This is when I'm coming from Wake Forest. Yeah man I shot, I got buckets man. I was like the NBA too easy. I'm too fast. Like these dudes too slow. All these six, eight dudes, they were slow as hell. I was just running by him. Lay up, lay up, pick and roll, lay up 3, 3, 3 and I could shoot every time I had 50 points. Damn bro he gonna hate this story. It's the truth though. You know Know I tell he gonna talk shit bro. I tell him every time bro I gave you 50.


He like I had 38. I like you did. Damn. But I had 50 and I was a rookie. Nah, that's hard. That's what I was cracking up today when ass tagging this in all the videos that Brisco was killing. I said yeah but that ain't what Ball's Life clip up. We don't give a fuck. He did not win. But see that's the, I ain't gonna lie. I know I love this nigga, but they did Brisco bad. They they did. No, no, no, no. He got a ball like that. Hold on. But his game was ugly. He just post up. No fuck that. They put your shit out. Jeff T in the heat of the game goes crazy. We they didn't say nothing about Briscoe having 40 outta the 50 points of this game. We won bro.


Two hours later they ain't dropped Briscoe shit. I said the internet is the devil we won bro. No you did bro. I get that but I'm saying it just looked like you just destroyed like he didn't do nothing. Nah, he was cooking. I ain't never say that. Nah you wouldn't hate I'm just saying how it was present it to us. It was hilarious. I was like boy you gotta watch that. But I was not because the first tip they had when you score me through the ball, let go. Nigga went crazy. Fuck them niggas scored 12 really, really shitty. I'm like nigga why you posting up bro? Like nigga I didn't come here for that. That's crazy. This morning motherfucker, I was dying because my accomplishment was like I was at the game.


They hating on my son. He was killing and then like oh damn he was killing. Oh they was going. They was in love. They shit out you with that free throw. They ain't good. Fuck shouldn't foul me. But that was saying that was the wrong nigga to be in that moment with. Paul's like I love that though. Yeah, but yeah, that's what I'm saying. You the wrong nigga to be. I'm like this the kind of shit I live for. Like Yeah and you get the win too. Yeah. I'm like, oh I'm about to talk bad. Yeah. Sad ass nigga. I what? Fucking y off. So yeah, you lost. Nah for sure. Nah, but he was killing though and shout to about nigga Mo man. Oh you see Little bro always on go. You know they gonna keep you up on the camera. Rookie ball off something lil bro always on.


Go. For sure man. Be here. A ton of people that can find some merch at man Shop club five twenty.com Baby we out this bitch appreciate y'all rocking with us like share, subscribe. We'll be back real soon. Appreciate y'all man.


Listen, traveling be crazy, but I'm so happy that we agreed upon staring the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah, traveling sometimes when they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, pots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier for sure, man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified. Ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there, man. It was perfect. Out to Airbnb, how you feel about the tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look No further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista and NFL Networks, team of experts. Experts the insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I.