
Man, listen. Traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staring the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah. Traveling sometimes when they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, spots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier for sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified, ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man. It was perfect. Out to Airbnb, how you feel about the tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great.


This is what you do when you're love of the sneaker game. Had you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, score all your once in a blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic streetwear. The experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you can wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Bran and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further, we've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What Happens when a professional football career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns in Church. Voila, You got straightaway He tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


This summer. Hence, he encourages you to shake things up and explore new possibilities. A partnership with some of their friends and family. Hennessy is putting their twist on some of your favorite cocktails, including the margarita, the berry mojito. These fresh cocktails will turn your next gathering into something more. Set things off with the Hennessy Margarita, A squeeze of fresh lime juice and a bit of agave syrup topped off with ice and a Salta rim. Mix it, shake it, poured, and enjoy. Hennessy Hennessy made for more. Please enjoy Hennessy responsibly 21 and over only.


All right, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells, saying gang with me to my left, my dog Bishop B, he out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty, chilling. Nasty. Let's a good tour baby. Hey T, I don't know if you noticed we went from black to a little bit more color now my boy showing out right now. Oh nigga in this bag right now. Let let 'em cook. That ain't nothing. Little Nike outlet. We gotta bring back the nigga jar and then we gotta bring back your fines man. When you not in the black forces, man. The people are scared. They don't know what type of time you want. Yeah. Fuck Jordan, we gonna call these the high top dunks today. Oh no, we're not gonna do that. Disrespect curtain. You on your own, brother. Disrespect curtain. Am I right? My dog, young nacho young tea.


How you would man? Chilling man. I don't, I think I wore these a thousand times, but I was doing something And. we got an emergency po Thanks for the heads up guys. Wait All the time. He the one who booked it in the screenshot. I didn't. I just gave y'all a time that I could do and then I said two o'clock. Yeah, I said one. I'm like damn, I was doing something. Wait, let's go through this, this, this is for content. This is, this is crazy. For real. The screenshot I received today said I can pod at one o'clock and that you got this. Nobody replied. Everybody liked it. I replied right after I was like one o'clock tomorrow's game. I was like, thumb's up.


Yeah, but me, David Rman did reply. That's who we wait on. I don't make, that's who we wait on. Nah, hell on. No, I don't make sure we wait on you. No nigga we wait. I could have made it, but I didn't know. So then nobody replied. Then Mike woke up and was like, so are we. Nobody said that. So I was like, and I'm the one who said down when y'all book this, Mike sent me one. Like I was the one out of pocket. Like everybody confirmed. But you now you put, well he don't confirmed I'm gonna go on my day. Like he starts talking. That's crazy. What you think? What am I supposed to do? He started talking about, he started talking about shelving in Vegas. I'm like alright, we just beat up with shoving in Vegas. You did just skip right past. Yeah, thing is, bro, I wasn't paying no attention to it though.


That's what happened me when I seen it this morning, I was like, wait, he posted to me like right after that? Yeah. How did not see that? I'm like shoving to Vegas. Cool. That's what I was on. So then when I got to my phone with it, I don't be when y'all do that emoji shit on top of the messages, bro. Like I just, I don't fuck with that. So I don't really be caring about the notifications. Just a thumbs up. Like all right. Yeah, just say yes I'm good. Nah, I have a question. This is a great place to start. If you send somebody a question, you know what I'm saying, via text and they hit the thumbs off from Bji. Is that a valid response or is that out pocket? Because I know some people who take that as disrespect. I mean it kind of is though. That's just like shout zaya. I know Kayah James somebody, she sent somebody a happy birthday and they just hearted it. They didn't say thank you and she was pissed.


I'll do that shit. That's what I do. So you just like some shit. Yeah, I mean writing. Thank you. Just take too long. Double clicking. I'm gonna copy paste. God you got on standby? Yeah. That take too long too. It's in my notes bro. Thank you's in your notes. Yeah, in so on my birthday I just, everybody who text my phone like I just copy it and just paste it. Motherfuckers be tight bro. He tell motherfucker, Hey birthday, have a great day. Enjoy it fireworks and shit. You just hit the, you give 'em a heart. It ain't no disrespect. I don't even send people happy birthday and stuff though. Yeah. Yeah. I, I don't feel no type of ways about that stuff.


Now if they send you a paragraph and you and you hit the double tap, they gonna feel it away. For sure. Don't send me no paragraph because I can get the double tap for show. I hate phones. I miss the days when we ain't have phones. Go back to the beepers. I don't want no beeper. I wish when I could lead a crib and nobody can contact me. Man, that's scary these days. Shit. I'm saying now. I mean if you got kids. Yeah, but I'm saying, I'm saying out. So that was us though. Yeah nigga get on that bike nigga. It was I when I see you it was murder. I didn't even have no curfew in the neighborhood. So that was even more wicked I had to be in when the street lights came on, street lights was definitely indicator.


And the funny shit is now I laugh at kids because shit, back in the day your mom asked you to do something. Click up. Oh dang mom, I ain't see it nowadays. Hey take that beat outta a refrigerator. Oh damn. I ain't talk to you. They send you a text and a call. I'd be mad if I was a kid now. Yeah, you can't finish your parents at all. Yeah, by the time that got to happening, I was already out the house. Yeah nigga I used to leave a crib bag seven 30 in the morning nigga in the summer. Oh yeah. Niggas was active. What nigga? I'd be outside by eight on the bike. Nigga used to be like, I remember Phil dad used to be like I ate my man you have to eat breakfast somewhere else. I used to be at his house eating breakfast at eight in the morning. There's a lot of them. There's 18 of them in crew.


All niggas in Add another bagel that's AAU squad. I used to be there so early bro, you and dare Roger, go home man. I'm God bro. Yeah, pulling up you was out of pocket. Coming to somebody house at eight is crazy man. I was there nigga every day like pause. I was there so early nigga I could knock on field door. That nigga be like, what's up? Get in the shower man, it's time to go. That niggas be like, damn nigga I'll take summer school already. I don't wanna do this shit. Damn all day. He been stressing a long time. My fault. My bad. That's crazy. Hey man, as we know summer league is slowly approaching but what I think is dope about the summer league, regardless of who you feel about who's playing and whatnot, I think it's fire because a lot of those guys may not have an opportunity to be with that particular team, but everybody gets lowkey kind of auditioning, you know what I'm saying?


For they next season. It was interesting seeing Rhonda, Holly, Jefferson talk about like, you know what I'm saying? He was like, he was out the league a little bit early. He'd been going crazy overseas like waiting to get an opportunity to get back and I was just seeing his testimony and stuff and then you see like, oh what we was talking about and trying to go through it. It's just like, yeah, the NBA is a premier league but everybody in the summer right now who hooping is hooping for a job that's probably won't be in the league. So everybody ain't out there on bullshit. Niggas careers have been built off that. Yeah, I see how people take it in the big three. They take it seriously. Like in my head when I was going to the big three, I was like about to be cool like bro, I'm like yeah in the middle of the game I'm gonna start podcasting and shit. But I see how serious they take it. It is like oh they really auditioning for other shit though.


And I ain't really realize that until I got out there and like niggas, it's like I hear 'em in the locker room like I'm trying to go back to Italy. I'm trying to go here. I'm trying to, oh they playing for real. Okay. My fault. Yeah, no disrespect but that's the same thing with Summer league. Yeah. It was crazy to hear him talk about that situation. He's like, you know what I'm saying, I, I'll do whatever I need to get back in the league. And you, you didn't see too many bad allegations against him. But then you got a lot of people on the other side of it's like okay, you got players like Miles, bridges got players like Kevin Porter who went through some real crazy situations that other times would've probably got them outta the league or out the way to get new contracts and get new money. And it's just like a lot of people feel different ways about it. But I like at the same time this is an opportunity that a lot of people gonna take and I like some league gospel strength niggas is playing for they lives at the end of the day, like it might look fun, it may look a little like today, nah, niggas is hooping for a totally different reason and that's low key.


The best type of basketball when niggas is hooping on the line. Nah. Yeah. When you like on a guaranteed contract, like if you a rookie or a second year player, it's kind of annoying. Like if you are a rookie, you trying to impress people. If you a second year player you trying to solidify like I shouldn't be here. Yeah. So you trying to kill in the first two games you trying to get 35 points where they can send you home 'cause you low key offended a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Especially if you played your rookie year, you really offended. But like if you ain't get to play that much your rookie year etre trying to show like, yo I'm better than them. Yeah. DMP made. Yeah. Hell yeah. 'cause I was looking at some of the rosters even like the California Classic and stuff. Like we, we gonna talk about Zach, Edie too put me in the game completely out of pocket shout out to the to the game.


But I was looking at like the jazz like Walker Kessler bro why are you playing? Like I see some of the, but like some of them guys especially some like even some past dudes who played in rotation in the Easter conference. Fun bro. I, I would feel offended if I'm out here too. Like I know I can hoop but what am I doing out here? I if I'm playing rotational minutes in the playoffs, why am I in summer league? Someone probably just do it for the rec too bro. Yeah. But it's like to solidify like you shouldn't be here like give us one or two games, dominate them. But if you don't dominate it's like hmm, what you been doing since the blah blah blah. But and that's a risk too because if you go in them games that don't kill, it's kind of like well we can get rid of this nigga.


Yeah. Like that was gonna be my counterpoint gonna say get rid of this nigga. Right. If you gonna kill, you expected to kill 'cause you done play the real minutes. But if you out there and get hoop on this was like oh maybe this is bullshit because if you are in rotational minutes in the playoffs, you should go to the league. I ain't saying summer league can get 50 but you should be 25. But the thing is your role on that team is different than it is gonna be on the summer league team. Like some people are better NBA players than they are summer league players. Like I might fit a role on the team, like I might be a catch and shoot knock down three. But I'm playing with Tyree Halliburton so I know I'm waiting in the corner. I'm ready to shoot. Yeah. I mean summer league, I ain't playing with Tyree Halliburton, I'm playing with old boy that just came from Georgia.


He ain't passing the ball like that. So they expect me to go get the ball and beat Tyree Halliburton and do some stuff that I really can't do no more. 'cause I've been playing spoil your hand. Yeah, because I've been playing with this dude and I true. I didn't fit it a row. And I remember my second year coming into the summer league, we didn't do summer league my rookie year but my second year going into summer league, I had already been in the NBA mindset like picking pop with Al. You know, I mean picking and pop with Joe Smith. I'm being a point guard now in the summer league. They want you to go out there and get 30. I'm like, now if this was the year before, okay, I would've gave y'all 35 every game. But now this year I'm in this mode where I'm looking for pocket passes, kicking it to the corner and you playing with a bunch of dudes that don't know nothing about that.


Yeah. Hell hoop like that. Yeah. So you look bad. I look kind of bad my second year. It wasn't like I was killing me and Jordan Crawford was just taking turns shooting, but I wasn't looking like good. I I'll never forget that. Yeah. And that's very interesting that you say that 'cause I think the one thing that people kind of miss when those situations, if you got somebody who's specialized in open gym yet Summer league, they gonna look like that nigga. But if you have a player who's used to a system or you used to play in a particular way where guys wanna know nothing about that, they, I'll probably rookies from 18 where they shot the ball 15 times coming into a system you already mature, then that shit's a hell of a balance and it make you look bad, but you're doing everything the organization wants you to do. Yeah. But then they might ridicule you on that shit. Which is crazy at the same time. I mean Yeah. 'cause at the end of the day it's still hoop so it's like, hey you gotta be out there.


Go out there and perform. But it's a, it's, it's kind of difficult if you not like just a natural bucket getter. Like if you was just a natural bucket getter hooper, like you a Jamal Crawford, he can play anywhere. Yeah. Because every, every team he went to, they just tell him to be you. Do you like be that everybody don't get that privilege and it's always a lot of dudes that's nice that you'll seen and be like, how the hell he ain't in the NBA? Yeah. Because he ain't get that same least just to go out there and be like, go do that. But part of the game, that shit sparked a conversation because I was watching some summer league highlights and I watched Gerald Smith play in the summer league in 2009 after he had been in the league for like five or six years. What I'm saying he was out there killing bro. Wanna get the wreck bro.


Yeah, he, he one of them dudes. And then five or six years your confidence so high. Like I you like now if you put me in a summer league game at year three or four, I would've went berserk. Yeah. Like because I, my confidence was so high but like in your first year, after your first year and you didn't get to play, you really ain't that confident. Like you kind of like damn I want to kill. But nigga you ain't played in a year. Really? Yep. So your confidence might be a little low, but after four or five I done started, I haven't had 35 points in the NBA for. Oh this is gonna be a brief. Yeah. Hell yeah. And I think what's so dope about it now that they've made it so marketable. You got the marquee games on, you got the young rookies that you just saw in college wrap up that you excited to see even some of the second year players we was talking about come back, we talked about last episode a little bit.


But I'm really excited to see that Timber Wolf Summer League team, I think Rob Billingham is a person who can go out there and really, I mean already he got a name obviously, but he could go out there and really make a big show because we look at people like Donvan Mitchell who went out there and killed and got a shoe deal off that shit. Now we obviously know that ain't normal, but is there any names y'all wanna see in the summer league or any people Y'all, y'all always know what I'm saying. Who I see transition like because you know a lot of times in college they get held back by programs and college coaches. Now you're gonna see a little bit of, all right, all right go show us why you a lottery pick type shit. Yeah, I just, me personally, I just, like I said, I only, I'm only here for connect. Everybody else can just do they thing bro. I don't, I don't care about summer league 'cause I know what's the, he say he know like that shit be better resolved.


He know that shit don't really leave for real shit don't be me bro because you don't get that same freedom. So even though Rob go out there and he can have 65 points in the game, it's gonna be hard. But I'm like damn. He can score that all. Yeah nigga when he get to that team, Anthony Edwards is getting that ball. Yes sir. Cat's getting the ball. Yeah. He might get you about eight or nine 10 off the bench but he ain't gonna have the ball like that. For sure. Yeah.


You wanna know what the best thing about being a sports fan is? There's only two days in the entire year if we don't have any games in any sport. So with all that action in sports world that just makes about every day game day at DraftKings Sports book. If you're new to DraftKings, listen up. You can bet $5 and get $150 in bonus bets instantly. All you gotta do is download the DraftKings Sports book app now and use promo Code Club five 20. That's Code Club five 20 for new customers. All you gotta do is bet $5 for $150 in bonus bets only on DraftKings. Sportsbook the crown is yours.


This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, they'll find the one again and again the latest sneakers drop. You can't stop thinking about one of a kind streak where you're dying to wear and fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet. On eBay, you'll feature your eyes on the full meal of hard to find fines, start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make a designer collab your main course, the cherry on top. A timeless watch or iconic rear handbag and the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures in rare fashion, eBay things people love.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and Reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Junie Batista and NFL Network's team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Also the best part about the summer two we got the Olympics going on Team USA obviously we've been seeing a little bit of that footage. Cooper Flag look like the one, a lot of people was doubting it but I've been said either one. I don't know why that's crazy bro. He like and I know people, oh he just high school like nah, you can tell in the motherfuckers game he really liked that bro. He called bro, him and aj I could be fucking up his name. I think it's De Banso whatever bro. AJ de Banso was fucking murder in the team. They, they are really pros for real bro. Yeah, so Mount Vernon got him all the way together. He's from Maine too, hooping like that. Yeah. So he ain't really grow up pooping with like we did, you know what I mean? In our city or Chicago or New York.


Like he went to work bro in Main and then went to that big ass EYBO circuit and dominated then dominated that mount verb he gonna kill at Duke. He the number one draft pick. The thing is you could tell when somebody just special like he got a twin brother or a brother or something. He don't look like him don't he not tall as him. He don't jump like him and he play a big man. Yeah he play play a big man. He like six seven Cooper flag like six 10. Yeah you could tell like the boozer twin. Yeah they both good but one just special like you could tell it, you could see it. That's why I was like yeah he not boo are supposed to go straight outta high school.


He supposed to be able to go straight outta high school. We really just holding him back like that one year at Duke ain't gonna do nothing but hurt him like god forbid this happened or something. But he twist his ankle and got set out the whole year. You know some shit like Kyrie ain't no point for him to going to college bro. He was a NBA player bro. He played 10 games in college. Hell yeah. And you look at AJ Deban bro, he's going to murder at the next level and he's still 17. He got another year of school and he even jumped up like we can, we can tell them one like the rules don't apply to everybody but special players like them. We know they like that but to see him in that scrimmage was fired to see like I know the select team. Everybody be acting like the select team is sad. No they're typically pro players like the biggest can hoop two. No they good. He was just doing man, he was doing my boy clef bad to damn I he 10 like I'm just saying bro, I was like to be going at like Drew like that is crazy bro.


Confidence. He was just out there hooping. Yeah I mean but it is easy to play when you playing free. Yeah it's easy to play when there ain't no rules really for you. You really the test dummy. So it's easy. I mean as a 17-year-old you really can't do no wrong. Everything is a green for you. Even if you getting killed he's 17. Yeah and I'm playing against shit. Yeah he's 17 but if you have a moment like you just said he scored on Drew, they like that nigga only 17 so he, it was a win-win situation, this whole thing for him. But this just solidified him being the number one pick to have success against the USA team and all them star caliber players. Yeah it's it's a done deal. Yeah he get into it and I like the fact that they scrimmage it like I seen trace out there which was fire to see.


Yeah but I think what's so crazy is that they voted that LeBron was the best player on the team USA Listen y'all I get it. Who voted apparently the team voted LeBron was the best player on the team. They just said in practice. Yeah but LeBron is like LeBron is that dominant though where he could take over a practice bro. Especially in that USA shit. Ah bro it's he the godfather now. Yeah them showing that picture of him at oh four and then now I'm like bro you've been on Olympic 20 years bro. But like, like him, like everybody's saying that he practiced so hard and he worked so hard and practiced but it is like I used to didn't believe that kind of shit but now I really believe it 'cause like bro you been that good for that long bro.


It takes a certain type of work like I just think about getting up every day now and like oh I go work out but I don't do nothing crazy. I'm like I'm just trying to maintain some shit so I don't look crazy like to be that good for that long since you was 18. Yeah bro you are worth ethic. Gotta be something crazy bro. And I remember a couple years ago bro he had a quote and he was talking about like having rest time he was like shit my body hurt when I have rest. He said I'm used to getting up and doing everything strenuous every day. That's how I maintain. I'm like yeah that nigga different bro because there's no way you could get up and say damn arrest that hurts. But if you been moving like that since you was 14 years old, your body probably just used to that. He different bro. He the healthiest NBA player ever bro.


Yeah for sure. For sure. He ain't never had a serious, he ain't never had a serious injury. Yeah I mean he had his ankle that one year but that really wasn't too much or none. Yeah Lakers was still kind of tanking too that like year. But I remember watching LeBron severely twist his ankle, him tie his shoe limp down the court and catch the ball at half court and come back and dunk. I was like yeah no nigga I Deshaun Stevenson is my witness bro. This nigga rolled his ankle. I swear to God that bitch touched the flow we got like we ain't hype, he hurt but we like he's out like it about win this game. He's out that nigga no bullshit. I ain't lying Nigga did like this like that. Ah. I said nigga start wooing his foot and stay in the games when he played for the, I think it was the heat.


Yeah I was like he's he's yo, I said he's not real bro. Boy got activated bro. I'm talking boy touched the ground. Eh did that and start wig. I say yeah you weren't supposed to see that bro. Yeah I was like yeah that's that MindStar. Yeah I said something kicked in fucking pushed that button something kicked in bro. Something kicked in pushed that Stevenson looked at each other like I'm like yeah he out. Yes about to win. It's crazy. I I wouldn't, I wouldn't hoping he was severely hurt but shit he twist his, I ain't know you out nigga. I did that a hundred times. You gotta sit that one out. You just did it. Yeah I'm like you gotta sit that out.


Oh he hit yoga pose. He came back and dropped point rest of the game. Oh running faster. No well he came back stronger. I'm like that boy got activated. Hey remember the LeBron Deshaun Stevenson beef with Jay dissed him over blow the whistle beat. That's crazy. That's a crazy disc record get shout out to D Steve get dissed over a song for the Freaks is crazy. He can talk about these hoes bro. What you ho d Steve? They said Soulja boy wrote D Steve dis track towards LeBron or something. I can't remember. I gotta probably if Soulja Boy is the ghost rider, that's a problem. I gotta, nah he ain't rap it. I mean I think Soldier Boy did something with D Steve came to the game or something.


D Steve. Man that's crazy. That's crazy bro. Got ho Sean, Steve got Soldier boy. Yeah shout to D Steve. He one of the coolest teammates I ever had bro. He, he was the coolest bro. I want him to come on the show and talk about that time with him and Gilbert was shooting when Gilbert beat him. Like I want because I Please define when you say Gilbert shooting 'cause you know that goes a couple different ways on the internet. Nah bro I'm on the court. We get left hand, there we go. I want to hear like how that started and shit because niggas talk about, I'm just saying that y'all talking about work ethic nigga said Gilbert I work ethic is crazy. Oh yeah second to none. Yeah everybody know that in the league. Yeah they like Gilbert crazy and that's crazy because you would think at that level where so many people kind of not log jail with talent 'cause everybody in NBS talents at an extent like either if it's on a lower or higher everybody's code to get to that level.


But that work ethic shit really be mean and shit. Especially at that like it separates the superstars from the all stars to the mids ear players. But I can also see when you get comfortable enough on the contract, bro I, I can kind of relax a little bit. Like I undeveloped my game now that's the kryptonite for everybody that happened to me. I bit that. I bit that bug too a little bit like I got comfortable. Mm like yeah shit that's all I gotta do. Get 15, 16 8 assist. I can do that in my sleep and then you just stop not working, you still work 'cause you want to be good but you don't put in that extra, you see the people who put in extra, you start seeing them take a little more step. Like you still at 15 you see Drew Holiday go to 18, you still at 16 Drew holiday at 20.


You like okay now you trying to, you took two years off you behind. Oh so you, you see it though. But then they maintaining they body, they doing all that stuff to make them better players. That's the reason they still playing. That's interesting. And I gotta ask you this, did you ever, I mean you was aware of who your draft class was and probably people who was in your like when you was getting signed like free agents kick around who gonna be available, were you available, did you like Hunter key up on they steps? I know you mentioned withdrew and stuff but did you ever kind of pay attention to that? No, I only did that one time and that's when me and Drew Holiday was gonna be free agents at the same time and I knew the me and him was gonna get paid from the Pacers and he was gonna get paid from the Pelicans.


But like I think y'all know the story how it felt through 'cause Paul George left or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. That's the only time I ever really paid attention. I ain't really care. I ain't never really checked nobody else pockets 'cause I money don't mean all that to me like that. I just wanted to always be comfortable, take care of my my mom and dad. I ain't really give a fuck about But then when you see the numbers you be like damn I can get this. Yeah. Oh I could get that. Like he got 120,000 a day. What the fuck? I can get that. Yeah I was gonna say I know you like you say you mind your own money and then most people do that but then when you start seeing what you signed for and somebody else get that, that ES ESP N alert like he signed for what? Yeah, you can't do that though. That's when you get fucked up gets spooky.


Yeah. You start worrying about what the next man got you start ruining your blessings bro. I don't, I don't do that. I just your game too. Yeah that's real. 'cause I was looking at Paul George, Paul George kind talk about his situation with the Clippers. I got mixed feelings about it and I understand why he feels his way about it as well. But I, I think some of that towards the end of end of it was hey you can't really be worried about what everybody else getting because you just got worry about what you got going on and sometimes that can ruin the situation And basically off responses kind of how he talked. It seemed like Philly was the last option that he wanted to be at this off season. Which is kind of interesting to go into the season with that. Like I mean they got a whip now they gonna be good for sure but it's kind of interesting to see how he felt about the contract negotiations with the Clippers, how that panned out.


And then you look at the time periods, a lot of different stuff. He's like okay you didn't really get along with the clippers in the situation And then at the time that you're saying y'all didn't have no communication as far as contract wise is when y'all went in the bad slump and he was just like, let me get out my feelings. Like lemme just get back to ball. But then we look in the off season now it's like all right it looked like Philly was your last option slash resort in the situation. You saying that made it all make sense like yeah when you kind of look at those situations the contract wise it could fuck your game up or fucking mental look. Yeah you start worrying about when I'm gonna get paid, who got paid when I'm gonna get this. I ain't gonna lie bro. I swear my country y'all broke out in hives bro. I went to the trainer like something wrong. I got shit all on me.


I'm like what the fuck I done got a bad batch, you know what I mean? Something. I was like whats going on? And he like oh these are hives. He is like here you gotta take some Benadryl, you like you got allergic reaction to something. So I'm like damn what I eat? Oh you know what I mean? Well I'm thinking like it's like you eat fish like did you, did you eat seafood? Did you eat something you don't normally eat? I'm sitting there do all, they did all these tests, they do all these tests on you in the NBA. You know what I'm saying? They take to do all these tests on he came back, he like nah you just gotta hive. He's like man are you stressing? Oh I was going through the ringer. Yeah I missed, I shot 28% tonight. Yeah God damn I gotta be at 38 40 get this money Like I was doing all that shit.


I was going crazy man. I was so happy when I signed that deal. I never worried again after that. But that first time time was that show that was the first scout track in Milwaukee ever? Yeah that that 32 Because you know I was like I I was nervous as hell. You know they tell you you only got four like the average lifespan of an NBA player, the average is four years. Yeah I'm in year four. I'm like shit if I don't get this deal like shit I ain't going, I don't know where I'm go. I gotta go overseas. I'm thinking all this shit. I not shoulda overseas too. You not realizing nigga you starting in the NBA you're gonna get a deal. Yeah but you like damn I just wanna make sure then I was just stressing. Yeah you broke out in highs. I didn't know that one.


Yeah I was stressing crazy bro. That's crazy bro. Hell yeah you had to be nigga. Yeah I'm talking about every game you looking at shit like imagine that bro. Your life on you feel like your life on a line every time you play you like nigga I ain't shooting three, I was doing all type of shit bro. You trying to save that MG man was doing all type of shit. That just wasn't even like part of the game. Like like half court shots. No sir would never shoot. Yeah you not Peyton Pritchard. Nope. I throw him somebody else dribble the clock out act like I couldn't get 'em. I wasn't man everything was about stats and numbers and then you got people telling you like you know what I mean? Yeah. Instead of like came in.


Yeah. Instead of people like yo just hoop, just hoop like just kill you gonna have fun. They like you gotta shoot over, you gotta be 45% in the field and get closer to that three man. Yeah they don't think you can shoot it get to like 35, 36. So when you get there you like shit I ain't shooting no more threes. And you like man I'm out here playing bad 'cause I'm worried about this. And that's funny because I'll never forget Draymond trying to, trying to make fun of Mo Harless for stepping in off the three point line. Taking him long too. He's like you scared to shoot three. He said Nick I got a contract bonus. Fuck what you talking about. I'm saying this 500 K is secure. I'm not shooting three for the next three months. I'm telling you bro that shit be in your head. That's why. That's why I don't bet like I don't gamble.


Yeah but when we do we use DraftKings but when we do we use DraftKings but I don't because I know I've been one of those dudes. Yep. So shell told me about that paper. Yeah when niggas read that paper and see them numbers. Yeah that shit's spooky bro. But if I was a betting man I would win a lot of money 'cause I would just look and see who in contract year. Mm. And I'd be like oh I know what he about to do. I could win money. No that's smart. 'cause the average better don't know shit about that. All you gotta do is find out who in the contract year they gonna play the best basketball that fucking year. Oh yeah. You know who the king of that shit was? Tyson Chandler. Oh my god. He go missing for about two years.


He heard you ain't heard from him all type of shit that contract year. Whew. To buy his Harris for sure Golden. Except last year. Sure does. His grandfather didn't know. It don't matter what he do, he it's 25 years. Yeah. Nah I believe that wholeheartedly even like role players, like motherfuckers even like Fred Van, fleet boy master that. I said oh Fred reading that paper I'm saying shell put me on, you know what I mean? Me and bro talk about who all the time but shell was like all bro that shit nigga's about to get a bag bro. So yeah bro look at kcp bro. That's my mistakes. He's another way. Anytime it's contact. Hey KC Pico super saying bro, you look at your effective Phil goal percentage, you look at how your usage rate Yeah.


Compared to other people that got 20 million a year or whatever and you try to measure up to them when they go to them analytics and that shit match up. It's like well yeah he's worth 20 million. It's like yeah. So what, since we educating people on that, like what's the, is it something that's more important than the next or what if you off by, do you know mean if you off a certain percentage? Nah, I mean field goal percentage, three point percentage defensive rating and all that stuff play a part. Okay. When you doing analytics, right? Yep. If you offensively killing but a nigga give you 30 a night. Oh yeah. See that's gonna fuck up with your, it's gone. Yeah. But your wind shares now they look at your defensive wind shares and shit like that all. But if you like a KCP and you look at his defense percentage and his like field goal percentage and where he take his shots from and he like he a high three point shooter, most of his shots are three point shooters but he's a really good on the ball defender.


He got good defensive ratings. Got you. So it's like oh he's gonna affect the game this way or defensively and then he's gonna do what we need. We need three point shooting. Okay cool. Then they compare to somebody else that did that maybe a year before or in that current situation. Yeah. And they'd be like, yeah he's worth 25 million. Next thing you know you getting 25 million. I did not know that. 'cause if I did I would've played defense. So different times. Yeah. That's why I wanted to ask you about that. If it played like a part and you got steal too. That's the funny part about Yeah I just didn't like I used to get scored on a high, a high rate. Yes. That's why I'm saying like, but if I didn't know that I would've closed out a little differently. You had to be smart like Kyrie and Luca.


Yeah. Now I get it. Luca switch, I get it now. It makes sense for sure. No I always wanted to know. I, me and bro talk about it but I didn't know how that played a part. Like if I'm averaging 20 this year but a nigga cooking me, how many millions is that deducted? I mean it's, it's all about, it's also about the team me who you love and like what the team feel about you and stuff that play a role too. It ain't like you just gonna get paid 'cause you average these numbers. This guys is off the bench to average 16 but it might not be an effective 16. It might be like, oh he shoot 17 shots a game or whatever. Got you. So he'd be like, like a Kelly Uber. You'll see his stats. I mean one year he averaged like 20 for like Charlotte or somebody and he went into free agency and nobody signed him and everybody like damn me average 20 though.


It's like in your head you'd be like I average 20. It's like nah we do the numbers, this is a losing team, this is how it look. Damn it don't matter. And it's crazy bro. 'cause they they, they put that shit like you going shopping on Amazon bro. They put everything in filters and see what statistics fit for their team. Then from that ladder they go through and see okay this is the people, we have this criteria. All right what's this chemistry like what's this longevity like what's his age? Then they start going into the health and all that shit. It is crazy. Analytics have really changed the way people go into free agency and shit. Alright now I get it then. So that would make sense. Why KC? Why Houston paid James Harden like they did 'cause based off his like analytics it was like for that team. Yeah. Oh man he generated so much. See who you playing with. So if we put you by yourself it'll And a plus minus was crazy too because like he was coming off the bench quote unquote.


Yeah. So like his impact with that was so crazy. But I remember Gil had episode with Lou Will and they was just going off the stats and times and stuff like that and like it was like if Lou will was a starter with the same stats with a little increased minutes, he'd have been a max. Like he had max deal production but they was getting him on like a bench roll player type salary. Which is crazy. So like you said that how they place you in those situations with the analytics could change how much you get paid drastically. And sometimes they play like Lou will obviously he should have got played way more than Yeah whatever he was getting paid. Yeah. But it also affects like, alright he's a two guard or whatever. Can he guard this? Like that's why, why Drew holiday is so effective and he get paid 'cause he can feel like he can play multiple positions and you'd be like damn I can, yeah like Derrick White, they can guard multiple positions.


All this. That's why they get paid as a defender and a guy that can score. Like now if you just a coldblooded scorer, you don't get appreciated the same way a two way player is gonna get paid way more than that. Hell yeah because I always looked at another, I West keep job like Tobias Harris, Aaron Alo. Aaron Alo was the king of contract year getting buckets and keeping 15, 20 year and then fading off until it was time to get to get paid. Yeah. I fucked with double A. I wonder whatever happened to him. I mean shit bro, you played the league probably 13, 14 years. Probably just, I just didn't. I'm real. I know was time. I know he was on his way out when he swung on Belly. We had a game bro. He just fired off on belly for no reason bro. Belly put him in a headlock.


Damn. Ain't that who you got in trouble with? I ain't got just slapped him. Ain't what time. What niggas on? What Hell I love belly too. That's my dog. Wait, first year we got a racist bro. We fucked with you bro. I dunno why Niggas and Ball fired on him. Swung on him Miss Belly, but belly like what? And put him in a headlock. This again? Yeah, I'm, he just put him on the headlock. But that's crazy. I ain't gonna lie. Belly crazy bro. I bro, he crazy. I don't know man. But yeah, there we go. Right there. He just fired on him. He swung on him belly. Had him in a headlock. Yeah, y'all gotta clip that up. That's crazy. Shout there. The follow bro.


Yeah man. Give up soon man. Give fuck with you over here.


This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, they'll find the one again and again the latest sneak drop. You can't stop thinking about one of a kind streak where you're dying to wear a fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet. On eBay, you'll feature eyes on the full meal of hard to find fines, start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make the designer collab your main course. The cherry on top of timeless watch or iconic rear handbag and the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Junie Batista and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the Minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders. You're a loyal viewer of the show now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


You shouldn't have to worry about when you buy your tickets to your next big event. Gametime is a fast and easy way to buy tickets for all the sports, music, comedy and theater events near you with great last minute deals, all in prices, views from your seat, and the best price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. So go ahead and take the guesswork out of buying MLB tickets with Gametime. Download a Gametime app, create an account and use promo Code Club five 20 for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem Code Club five 20 for $20 off. Download Gametime today. Last minute tickets, lowest price guaranteed.


Another clip that got sent that way. Dude Smith Jr. Was talking about his first game winner in the league. It was against Sha. He did? Yeah, he had, he had scored on D rows. He was just like, I ain't trying brag, but he was like, man, I got my first GW in the league against one of my favorite players ever. And somebody tagged it. They was like, Jeff Te has been a part of everything that's ever happened in the nba. I was on the floor with you in this game with him? Yep. You wasn't guarding him though. I shout to Dennis Smith Jr. Man, I don't remember it but I'm sure we get see it here some. Yeah. No, that's hard. That's crazy. But shout out to all the young boys getting paid. K just got his extension friends. Waner got a bag. Obviously he wanted them. People knew that was coming though.


Yeah, for sure. For sure. I can't wait to see what PB get. He gonna probably get that. That's the same thing with brothers. There you go. If my Wagner is good and then you see his brother, he like it is a little different. Nah damn sure. Respectfully. Yeah. Oh for sure. I never really seen two brothers and they both was like col the same. Yeah, because you look at Brooke or Robin and it's definitely different. Yeah, yeah. Respectfully Steph and Seth. It's like it's a difference. Yeah, it's definitely a difference. You know. Anybody else who like brothers was like close Clay, Michael they, they a little different too. Drew and his brothers, it's different for sure. Oh yeah, definitely. I think the closest that'll be together is probably the Thompson twins they got, they no one of them different though.


One of them is a pure goon on defense. But I'm saying how they looked at, I think in the league it'll probably be the same. You know it'll be the same. They both gonna be hundred million dollar players bro. That one. You think so? One of 'em ain't gonna play that much. The one in Houston? Yeah, he got a tough situation. He in a tough situation if he lead 'cause he got an offensive bag bro. But if that boy that's with him Kim, he liked that. Yeah, Ken Winmore, he liked that. I was so pissed when the Patriots passed on him. Like I fuck with Jerry but I was just like man we coulda got Cam Like nah, he liked that he, he different. He one of the people the the lecturers shit that they passed on because they did not play the draft pick last year at all. And Ken would've gotten business for that team for sure.


Yeah he nice bro. Yeah he gonna have me thinking about that. Then the twins too. The twin Morris twins. They probably close in comparison too. Yeah, but Marcus I don't know 'cause I remember Keith was the best one at first and Marcus came got better. That's that's the closer you gonna get. Yeah. Damn. And damn near they too close. Like they the same person almost niggas got the same tattoo. That's crazy. Yeah they the same person so that's the best one. He right. And and and keep it cute 'cause they pull up shout the more swings they, I wish I had a twin goy. We don't need two Hendricks out here. Yeah. Damn. Yeah, the Morris twins, they the closest in game. I'd probably say right now. Marcus is better. Yeah, yeah. Keith was better at first when he was in Phoenix.


And then I'd say Marcus as a career kept going. I think he was better but they very close for sure. Alright. I don't know if y'all seen this. Angela Simmons went to the BET with the, with the pistol purse and she got a little flack of that. Have y'all seen her new photo shoot The drop of that with the Oreos? Yes. Yeah she got Oreos please look at the screen. She took a photo shoot. She little big or like is she saying it 'cause they saying she fat or is she Nah, just, just, just speak fill my Hennessy cup hub with the milk and Baileys with her Me. I'm dipping. You hear me? She took a whole photo shoot with Oreos. She went pocket in the tub but with the Oreos deep fried.


Oh my kind of shit. You know we love Grease over here for shit show that. Oh that's a campaign. It's for Oreos? Yeah, for slutty vegan. Oh so they got vegan improv week. She got to check to sit in that bathtub. This was like vegan Oreos. Oh yeah, there it goes. Or they're already vegan. I was gonna say or is already vegan. Okay they are. Yep. She was deep frying. Yeah I'm cool. I'm something I like. What's the chocolate? I like chips of hoy. Oh that which ones? Oh I like chips and ho I was gonna say so, but I do, I like but sometimes my mom be going too far.


So who you gonna see in the chips? Of who? No I wasn't even talking about the chips of, I was gonna talk about just some different, different type of cookies but it's fine. Oh she about to say something about some Spanish cookies. He's disrespectful. I'm not on that. I don't know what kind of cookies they eat. Probably wafers Mexican. What? No, no that's all old grandma. Everybody. Grandma used to have Whiters niggas. Oh the vanilla wafers. The vanilla wafers or those? The Oreo. What's the ice oatmeal cookies. That's always stale. As soon as you open 'em up or the, what's the ones The god I got the brown and black on that shit. Fudge. Yeah. Dumb shit's so nasty. Yeah. Fudge you outta pocket.


I love I'm brand Cookies though. I ain't really a name. I ain't a keyboard nigga. I was always the score Brand nigga. Keyboard nigga Sounds crazy. Yeah, fan fan. I used to like lemon cookies though. Yeah, I fuck with the lemon cookies bro. But I'm a Chips Ahoy nigga. Today they get softer faster bro. Course. Nah, y'all wanna see Chips Ahoy though. Fuck them Oreos, chips Ahoy. That's what probably one of the weaker cookies probably De Brass Sister Lisa right? Yeah that's an old nigga Cookie. That's an old nigga Cookie for sure. 50 and up. So what cookie is? The bra is the old nigga.


Cookie Chips. Aint no old nigga Cookie for sure bro. But if you eat the chewy chips, who you are out of pocket? That damn y'all got me on my face. Shit the color of the bag is this color? The grandma cookies pull. Oh from the gas station cold. Oh yeah the the vanilla little small The small joints. Yeah. Gun smoke for sure Them are official. The strawberry one's the best one stuff outta that package though for that you gotta go to 56 of Marathon for that one. Come on. But they don't come pack in. I know where I'm coming from. Yes. Nah them motherfuckers are pressure. The strawberry ones expired though now You say you eat all cookies now. How do y'all feel about All Bread cereal? 'cause that to me is just completely out pocket.


Nah, I worked too hard. I really wasn't a serial type of nigga growing up. But it all tastes the same to me. I ain't gonna lie. The after tastes is kind of crazy. A little bit but it the, the initial hint of it is the same. I did have Apple rings. It's supposed to be Apple Jackson's Apple Rings. Yeah I bought some little Bobby with shitty one day. Yeah bro that's he asked you feel right there. Yeah that's crazy. Apple rings he asked they like what is your husband doing? Like that's respectful 'cause you out of pocket. Yeah Trash then was weak as hell. I had damn it was fruit rings. Apple rings and it was another one I spent out my homeboy house. He had the king vitamin I sent him in Crunch Cap Crunch. Yeah. Yeah he was poor but he regular.


You know him too. Fuck yeah. Yeah. My nigga struggle. No he don't up up. Oh shit you ain't, you said you ain't eat it. Cereal I didn't. I didn't eat cereal like that bro. Salmon Toast Crunch is one of the ones and I fucked with the captive crunch with berries though. If you just ate Cap Crunch without the berries you need to be in jail. My dad, me and my dad used to eat them without the berries. What? See y'all are different type of type. Me and my dad used to make us eat Frosted Flex and put bananas in them. Frost and Flexes fire. Now the additives, I don't know about the bananas but I know people who used to do that with other cereals but damn y'all niggas was really eating capital crushing those berries. For sure. Y'all niggas are strong as hell boy. You gotta let that bitch marinate that we used to eat Honeycomb my for Jawbreaker.


Damn. I like Cheerios and Raisin Bread. That makes sense If his sick of this nigga shit. Yeah it fits ain goddamn Raisin. Any nigga that wear Brown as fuck bro. I ain't even got no sugar on it. I'm a kid. That's my favorite Raisin brand. Cru is just Raisin brand. The Raisin. The Raisin Crunch is nice too. No Raisin bread Crut is fine nigga I'm on punishment if I'm eating Reza Bread. Right. Why where are y'all Apple Jacks tricks Cheerios bro. My grandma had Cheerios Honey Nut Cheerios are heat regular Cheerios Honey nut Cheerio regular. Put the honey on like get the regular Cheerios and put real honey on the man. You doing too. You putting the Royal honey on there. They want a gourmet breakfast from cereal nigga.


I have my own honey. I at my grandparents' house a lot. Yeah that's so grandparent shit. Right. I breakfast Raisin brands And if you eat Rais anyway I think you steal. Yeah. Any nigga that eat raisins still. Yeah you a shoplifter fucking nasty. You a shoplifter. Raisins are terrible. It's the raw dog Cheerios though. They don't taste like anything. They taste like the boxing Cain. Yeah I I'll eat it if it's there bro. Cinnamon Toast Crunch. Okay. Pressure a apple jack for sure. I'll fuck with it. Tricks I'll fuck with Ho. Captain Crunch was my favorite if I had a cereal though. Wood berries, I'm a real breakfast nigga and I don't even like breakfast like that with with or without man without y'all scaring me man.


But a butt naked Captain Crunch is cool. Damn fire bro. I didn't like them buried better. It make the, it make the water. I mean not the water. The milk shout out to the poor people. The milk. The milk taste better. Rice Krispies either. Yeah the treats the right original Rice Crispy Treat Cereal. The Purple Box. No. Nah you not that The OG Rice not the new Rice Crispy has no flavor y'all. No, no. The Rice Crispy treats. The Rice Crispy treat cereal About the cereal. Just you talking about the regular rice crispy cereal. Yeah. Never bro. Get the fuck outta here with this old shit bro. No that's just grains bro. Thought you about this old parent. The treats. I got old parent. My parents is already y'all. That is true. My parents is Y grandmothers my dad never.


Yeah the rice crispy treat OG the purple box. Yeah Pressure now that blue box you gotta put sugar on that bitch. You gotta pull up my pop for never. You gotta make that shit like Boosty Kool-Aid you get everybody gotta put a whole fifth in that bitch of sugar to enjoy that shit. Yeah. Nah I, I grew up All right bro. Me too. We had cereal and shit for sure. Cereal stretch though. You had a lot of people bro. Yeah dude. Yeah we had, we had cereal And, we used to have honey buns on deck. I don't know why for sure we kept them. I was a love Debbie nigga. I had a retired deal. Same strawberry shortcake fudge round. Now the strawberry shortcake is illegal. You eating fudge rounds is scary man. Fudge. I ain't never liked strawberry Shortcake. Ah them them bitches that's gas station used to be Uno.


You cut 'em down the middle then you chop it off in the side with a bowl of vanilla ice cream nigga you mix shit. You let it sit and then you just put three strawberries on the edge of it. Bro. The precision is killing me. Yeah this nigga's out of pocket. For real. The BB the, the strawberry court. Seriously bro you cut it like this 1, 2, 3 and you, that's to get it, you know what I mean? Right. For the ice cream. Get it in your ice cream nigga whip it around. I don't know how y'all rich are mine crazy and shit. Yeah cook that nigga. That's all I did in G I'm the only one that got second hand from it.


I mean you probably, you probably lived with it was a lot of people so somebody sold drugs in there. You know what's crazy you ahead of your time 'cause now they sell ice cream with all the little deputies mixed in there bro. Facts bro. Dude yeah Damn we was doing that waffle. That's what I'm saying. We didn't really do the cereal like y'all bust your heart. But we had waffles, sausages paused the patties and the eggs bro with the syrup bro. Oh you talking like a McGriddle? Yeah, I ain't never liked McGriddle so Yeah no it's crazy. I took Reese and this hum butt to the gas station to get some shit before the movie. I ain't paying for shit with a whole bunch of kids at the movies nigga that had the breakfast. I said with kids I'm don low it's on me. Hey man these niggas tell your story kid.


Yeah fuck kids but they had the the school lunch breakfast donuts at the gas station. I said this is out of pocket. Oh the the B the super boys? Yeah them used to be fired. Guess how much they was a dollar? No two bands nigga. What? I said this is for free and produced lunch. Y'all son needs individually for $2 out of pocket. Man them gonna have your stomach hurting so bad at these. I swear drinking them mo. I eating motherfuckers with 1% milk. I Ps I used to steal the little apple juice and orange juices nigga and go crazy. I had buy like four of them three sips in the motherfuckers once I figured out that's the reason my stomach was fucked up. Nah that's stop eating them for sure. That almost gave me gout fuck with that.


Y'all niggas was spoil. I remember my shadow Eric and them my red guy one day I was pissed like y'all niggas really got for real lunch over here eating this poor ass shit. That's how I was when I moved. I went to gang from 1 0 8. Niggas had hot Cheetos in the line. I'm like oh y'all had fruit topia machines nigga. Yeah nigga. Damn that's crazy 'cause I went from 1 0 8 to New Augusta and I seen the, they had the fruit topia joints but I said wait all y'all been to machines work nigga we had one at Cole Spring. It was a cam machine that had the TA treat you be hating on. Oh yeah that's weak. That's still the weak nigga. They used to come around with the chips like yeah you want a extra chip, you gotta pay. I'm like y'all niggas can go online. You know me. At that time my hands was sticky.


I'm like it's crazy. I'm looking around like oh they let y'all pick your own shit. Oh ooh it's about to get spooky in here. Yeah, y'all had lunches in the world. I had luxury niggas. My niggas was asking for my sounds spray steak and mashed potatoes because they wouldn't eat that diet. That shit was so damn y'all my nigga, I ain't saying his name because I already shout out somebody on the last part but my nigga used to take my salsbury steak and mashed potatoes and have that bitch in his book bag all day bro. 'cause they they wasn't eating at home bro. Nah that's I said bro come kick it at my career bro. Yeah bro you can come over bro. No way bro. Carol t you gonna always gonna have us eat. We ate the same thing every week. That's why I eat like I eat now y'all Wednesday spaghetti was going to be there Tuesday.


Chicken wings was going to be there Friday. That was a lot of people shout to Carol t. It was a lot of people in the house man bro. Then cousins want to come over and shit. Oh our cousins live with me my whole life. Damn. Like you couldn't tell me they were my sisters. They still my sisters. How many days did Y eat on that spaghetti though? Like I gonna say probably at least that that spaghetti was Wednesday and Thursday for sure. Yeah it probably like two days. Oh that's respect. But my pops never able us like you went with my pops she was getting McDonald's for sure. Yeah he was on a different kind of work ethic. Pops was, pops was different bro. Pop said peanut butter sandwiches in the car. Pop was getting some McDonald's in the bro.


I remember one time we used to go to McDonald's so much that Philip had to tell me my dad, my mama said I can't eat with y'all no more. Shout out to my nigga to college family because they ate real meals. Yeah mama. He said my mama said y'all eat this too much and it ain't good for me and yeah I was fucking tear my nigga up. You already know you got a whole body fuck up my nigga up my pops go McDonald's three times. With what day bro? That's crazy bro. Bro he was waking Phil up in the morning. Forget his day started. He was in his day with McDonald's. Phil. I'm just saying Pops probably used to, Papa team probably used to walk in the house and open that door and be like, y'all got it. Probably. Probably bro. And a nigga hated the smell of fried chicken though. Yeah so my momma made fried chicken.


He'd go cra what? What the it stink like that smell good? No he wasn't fucking with the CRI too. Nah, he like that fried chicken. My momma start making baked chicken. That's when I started hanging out. Damn bro. Hanging out going from fried chicken to baked chicken is crazy. Terrible bro. I said hell a recipe chain. I started go, I started hanging out bro. Let me go ahead and work, go to old Charlie's or something because this ain't, that's tough. I could imagine. But like DJ said that while we remember we talked about a motherfucker with a bunch of kids at the house walking in seeing all them kids man. He like man fuck this shit New family me, I'm slob.


Nah Pop was about die man. Hey we got a half pops on the show man. Because after the last time they was like, man, when Jeff pe I and Coach Cheese that nigga Man y'all don't even know. I swear bro. He Oh yeah Legend. He come on the show man. Yeah we gotta have you him and Mo bro. We gonna get out the way. We just gonna let y'all talk for an hour bro. That's gonna be the best episode ever. That's gonna be fun on everything for sure. But hey man, we about to get up out here. Look, when you see this episode, we'll already be touched down in Vegas. Shout out to the Volume. We got some great episodes coming up. If y'all see us show love, we can't wait to see y'all. Can't wait to make some great content episodes for y'all before we get outta here. Be here and tell the people they can grab some merch. Shop club five twenty.com Also in Vegas.


We gonna be at Dre's I believe Saturday. What time Mike? Hey I'm tell my location bro. Two 2:00 PM Well I'm telling him mine, he ain't gonna be there but pull up on your boy, you hear me? And And please follow Dre's dress code 'cause it is very strict. What was that about? What did it say? Motherfucker said don't come in here with no Tims on it. A thousand, what's 600 degrees nigga? He got some Tim on. If he coming with Tim, he bonafide got three fighting too. The devil Illuminati in this bull fucker nigga he got some Tims on. I'm start calling you bonafide. What the fuck? Hey, did y'all see what I posted the other day? Y'all remember that game? Streets of Rage bro.


Yeah that one's some more than shout to Axel bro. But when I see that nigga say why did they have turkeys popping outta that? I said that's a great point. Why the fuck was turkeys your powering up? Shit when you look back at old video games, And we love, it'd be a lot of bullshitting them games man. Especially like as an adult realizing what Mario was really getting bigger off taking shrooms and shit. Yeah, that shit's crazy bro. Yeah it is. Well shout out to the hidden messages man. We appreciate y'all like share, subscribe, all of that. Good shit. We'll be back soon. Club five 20 for sure.


Man, listen, traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staying in the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah, traveling sometimes when they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, pots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier for sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified. Ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there, man. It was perfect. Out to Airbnb, how you feel about the tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no Further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and Off the field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I Am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns and Church Koala. You got straightaway. We try to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport by Carolo Judy Batista and NFL Networks team of experts the insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.