
Get your mother loving ears on because your big time radio DJ's got news. PayPal lets you choose how you want to pay for all the stuff. With PayPal, I can pay in store, pay online, or pay over time. What's that? You want this translated into song? I hope you're sitting down. You can pay your own way. You keep those ears on, you hear, don't just pay baby PayPal. Learn more at PayPal dot Com.


It is Ryan here. And I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like are you a fist pumper, a woo-hoo, a hand clap, or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. Don't Purchase necessary v GW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply


Every morning, brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we started together. Watch the Today Show weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


The Volume. All right man, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. We out in Vegas with the WrestleMania. It's only right. We got some champions in the building man. We gonna introduce him last. But to my far left, we got my dog, Bishop B here out the Pearl League. How you what? Nasty. What's Happening? Nasty. Glad to be here man. Come on man. China done got you out here in the new shoes. Looking crazy. You know me. I know he threw a bit of black forces. He in the, he in the heat today. He showing out in Vegas. I was, I was rushing. I was rushing. Shout out to the cops. You got a wrestling shirt on too. I do, I do. Shout out to King. Shout out to pass on. Got got me together. Shout to Everybody who believed it came.


I'm s me, I'm niggas For sure. I still believe it. So still think they related. Still believe Something. They gotta be Something for sure to my right. My dog. Young Nacho, young Teague. How you what? I'm chilling man. Happy another day. You know me. I'm in heaven right now in wwe WrestleMania. It is my first WrestleMania. But y'all know I'm a huge fan so I'm hype. Appreciate time for bringing us out here, but I'm gonna let you do the honors. Come on man. Shout to Chime one time for the one time man. It's only right man. We got some champions out here since we out here for WrestleMania. Man. Long overdue episode man. You know what it is? Street five, just excuse me, street poverty. That's that liquor from last night. Still spill. Oh Man. Fighter Promise A chance to the building.


Appreciate y'all slot through, Man. Oh man. Thanks for having us. Dope. Nah, love man. We appreciate Manall for we know y'all tapped in man. We heard y'all had some words for B in man. Y'all see him on the internet talking about that Man. Let's let, let's, Let's start out hot Bro. And I, I, I fuck with y'all, You know what I'm saying? But what I, I hate clips. It got took outta proportion of what I said. I ain't backing down. I'm standing on what I said. What you say? I went to a wrestling match and a motherfucker swung. He missed and the motherfucker fell. I'm not wrong for being mad at that. My brother paid good money for that shit. Shout out to the entertainment.


But I was pissed. Shout out to y'all on y'all journey. But that was some bullshit when I was eight years old. So that's why I said, You know, that shit was fake man. I just told y'all about my experience yesterday when the motherfucker got punched and they wasn't so shout out to y'all. Hey bro, they, they, You know, educate me about it. Like, 'cause they, we went Toro Rumble to see, shout to So Big Go. We seen somebody who was at there got the head put through the ladder. Kevin. Kevin On y'all y about thought he died. Yeah. So that kind of woke me up, You know what I'm saying? To say, okay, some of this shit is, majority of it is for real, for real.


This contact is for real. So I mean now I'm thinking about it. You say he fell by the force. You didn't go see no wrestler. You went to go see Darth Va. Yeah. At this point man, like that's probably what you saw. I mean he just fell like that. Like You just couldn't believe your eyes. You Couldn't believe your eyes man. You know I'm saying disbelief. Oh, Okay. Is that, is that what probably Happened? It ain't y'all. They they took me to him bro. He a big fan, You know what I'm saying? So he helped, You know, educate me on the shit. So I, I definitely salute what Y do and I And I and I always tell people too, that's very hard for them to understand about it.


You gotta think about like your favorite Hollywood movies, right? Like you see Fast and Furious, you see all these action movies, but these action movies they put together that's in multiple takes. Like we out there live. Yeah. Like one take, Like live one take. So if something happens, like the magic of it is like getting back on course and getting everybody emotionally involved back into it. But like we go out there on one take, like we get one take and like that's what the fans see, You know, that Mess up. That's It. You know that's a wrap. I compare it to like a live movie, but it's like one take if that makes any sense. It's definitely a Beautiful art to it. But that's what I was trying to tell them. I'm like man, it's a art. Like I playing basketball, like you said you got teammates and whatever, but you can mess up on a basketball court.


Nobody know 'cause you make a mistake. But it's like viewed on national TV all the time. Rewind it. Rewind it. That's a tough job. But y'all do a great job at it. But before we go any further, I watched last night. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. TC is on the way. Yeah, I'm excited. Table lettering chairs. I got a match coming up. Yeah. With the war rage. It should be interesting. What it TC? What is that table? You know who I was about A lot. What you think about Sexy? I was thinking about all the left eye. See I'm learning.


See I'm learning. I'm learning. I'm learning. Yeah. They called TLC match and actually this year is the 25th anniversary of like the first one they did actual WrestleMania. Oh that's about To go up. Yeah. It's it's cool that we Actually, it's gonna be a fun time. Yeah, It's, it's cool that we actually a part of it walking in as champions, You know, to try to make history. So it's dope man. Like I've been watching this as a kid too. So to see us like watching it as kids and then now being part of the 25th anniversary, it's like, it's mind blowing. You know? It feels like you blink and all this just goes by so fast. You go from being a fan to now being an employee. So Yeah, for sure. While you there, I was gonna ask you who's one somebody heard Wrestl was growing up or some people you rock with? Man, I was always the rock man but Rock Booker, t Stone, Steve Austin, the Undertaker, Kurt Engle.


I feel like everybody brought so many different elements to wrestling that made me like, like them I love, I love Brock. Like when he first came in Yeah, like the aggression he brought and he was just, he just a monster. Facts balling people and obviously the Hardy Boys, all the tag teams because like everybody brought like different elements to wrestling. It made you feel something to, You know, even with basketball and like other sports. Like it's, it's, it's so hard to say. Who's your favorite point guard of all time? Who's your favorite center of all time? Because everybody had, they like to it, You know? Yeah. So yeah. That's dope man. I, I gotta go with obviously the Rock Stone Code. Kurt Eng Brock, the Hardy Boys two.


Cool. And shout out to Hunter too. Yeah. Got shout to Hunter. Hunter just got inducted to the Hall of Fame. Yeah. And like for to to emotionally have fans involved and make you like not like you for such a long period of time. Right. And evoke that emotion like and You know, like I said, shout out to him and congrats again on the Hall of Fame induction, You know, way past doing well deserved Also, also I would definitely like to shout out Hunter for this reason right here. I can't tell you how many beat downs from my mom I got because of you. Sean Road do and Billy. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Suck it. You know DX baby? Yeah. Elementary school, middle school. Yeah. I got a lot of detentions, a lot of suspension.


Was all school throwing up the boom suck it. I mean T saying is crazy. I definitely got suspended for that. I mean we, we, we still like even now we still like throw the gesture up a little bit. I it be vicious too, Like suck It, You know it's like dang Man, this time we get paid for it though. Yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? That's crazy. We from getting detention to get paid for it, You know what I'm saying? That's a hell of a upgrade. See that with your outcome and income. There we go. No for sure. For sure. The crazy about is they weren't wrong because we was really wild. We Are not supposed to be doing that at school. No, Don't think those two words really need to be telling the young gentlemen that age. You know? So, but it was all funny games and it's like, like I said, like those are the memories they gave us and like we're just trying to basically do the same thing now for sure and just give more memories but like more memories in a new form.


Like obviously times times has changed now. Like You know the world's different from how it was when we was watching it. So I'm just trying to add to that element now. That's dope man. I wanted to ask y'all question man. 'cause it's obviously, You know what I'm saying, really be heading into this wrestling world. The Travis Scott situation is hilarious 'cause he really Stole on buddy. So when you talking about Him using the force, the opposite side Actually nah bro, that was, hey yo, that eardrum was masked up. Yeah, exactly. Honestly you'd rather be that way than to be The force. The force so, well What's that c supposed to be like? That's what they call when you return the favor. So you can't do nothing to Travis Scott.


Yes can. No, you're not beating his ass bro. Look, this is my problem with Rich. I'm gonna listen. He was shit like that happened. Like say if it happen to y'all, if Travis punched the fucking nail juice off your list, what is you going do for real bro? I mean, You know what I'm saying. Travis Sky, You know, here's what I would do. You know what I'm saying? I'll make sure I, You know what I'm saying, make a trip to one of his and so when they just knocked out right there, I mean hey look, look there was one time I had to give a receipt back, You know what I'm saying? A, a couple years ago bro Strongman had made his return. Okay. You know what I'm saying? He beat everybody up.


He put me through the announce table. Right. And then we ended up having to wrestle him again a couple years ago in la. Right. And so that was like one of the craziest moments. I feel like that WrestleMania was when I hit stick him. Oh Like trucked his ass. Oh smoked him. You got your lick back? Oh yeah, I got my lick back bro. Okay. See receipt I got, I just learned some new lingo. So receipt is when you get your lick back? Yeah. Okay. Out the gate. You pulled up to his job. Pulled up to my job. Fair enough. You know I'm saying pull up their heads, what's up? That's, I mean I have to fight through like 50 security guards, You know what I'm saying and all that.


But hey, You know what I'm saying? I play football, You know what I'm saying? I got swim moves, You know what moves, You know what I'm saying? Hey y'all play a little basketball tour. I got a little crossover. Him it What was you A linebacker lineman was way bigger than what I am now. Oh okay. Okay. And he rock with Ohio State. So we connect, You know Ohio, You know what time it's in the building? Yes sir. Yeah, yeah. Diehard Ohio State. Man I've seen this man cried on like certain games. Well Actually it's been the last couple of years 'cause Michigan been making y'all day again. Damn. So On my mama this year bro I love you.


I just wanna tell you the truth. I just wanna tell you the truth. You know this is where he don't want to go at it with at. Okay. You know what I'm saying? He was, he was at my house, You know what I'm saying? When the Bears made it to the playoffs, okay. With Mitch Trubisky quarterback, You know what I'm saying? I think, I believe Matt Na was the head coach and I forgot the kid's name. The kicker, he missed the kick. My man was just sitting there just, and then I was like, but See, first off he knew it was March and that's when the policy season starts.


So how do You know that wasn't my Allergies kicked because it the playoffs, it wasn't March. Definitely I'm saying season. He like receipt. Load up his track for show. Oh man. Man listen man, Shout out to Chime man. One of our favorite segments here making the milestones man. I want to ask y'all a question man. Obviously we know y'all had great success but early on, what was that first moment for y'all where y'all was just like, man I made it. Or you having that one breakthrough from the play games all the way to the finals,


now is the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase scorer. Rate the place your first be download draft Draftking Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New draft King customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draft King sports book app and use promo Code Club five 20 Best Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings the crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio.


Did You know that one man every hour every day is diagnosed with testicular cancer. In fact, it's the most common formative of cancer amongst men's ages 15 to 35. April's National Testicular Cancer Awareness Month. Which is why I wanted to take a second to talk about men's health issues that are very, very important to me with men's health and hygiene in mind. Manscape is partnered with the Testicular Cancer Society and majors and registered 5 0 1 C3 nonprofit organization. Manscape is putting an action behind their words, $50,000 to help save lives and going to the Testicular Cancer Society to promote routine self checks. Manscape just dropped a dope special edition bundle that helps support an amazing cause. The TCS Bar hero bundle includes a lawnmower 5.0 ultra TCS special edition and a special edition in TCS Boxers 2.0. So listen, join the game man. Over 12 million men have tapped in already with Manscape and use that code Club five 20 for 20% off and free shipping@manscape.com. This is very special to me 'cause I know someone who has unfortunately suffered from testicular cancer. So raising awareness to help people find it early and the reason why he's still around today is because it was luckily detected early. So it means a whole lot. Manscape is doing something that's helping people, especially men right now. First up in the bundle we have the special disc in TCS lawnmower 5.0 Ultra rocking, a brand new purple designer outer for testicular cancer awareness. And trust me the treble is super dope also including in this bundle, the TCS Lawnmower 5.0 ultra, which also features a constant RPM motor. Once you're done grooming, you deserve to feel comfortable. That's where the special disc in TCS Boxer 2.0 comes in with its brand new purple camo look. And the best part about order to Manscape TCS Bar Hero bundle is you're helping raise awareness for testicular cancer. Every purchase helps spread a lifesaving message. But hurry, You know, a special edition. This bundle won't be around long. And make sure you tap in, get that 20% off and free shipping with that promo code club file twenty@medscape.com. Visit medscape.com/tcs to learn more about how you can check yourself, make a donation and also follow at TCS society today To save lives and balls,


Get your mother loving ears on because your big time radio DJs got news. PayPal lets you choose how you want to pay for all the stuff with PayPal I can pay in store, pay online, or pay over time. What's that? You want this translated into song? I hope you're sitting down. You can pay your own way. You keep those ears on, you hear don't just pay baby PayPal. Learn more at PayPal dot com


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This is today. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy we celebrate it Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah Guthrie And Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.


What's good fam? The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back and taking over Pullman Yards in Atlanta on Saturday April 26th. And it's gonna be a whole vibe. Doors open at 11:00 AM So you already know it's an all day celebration of black excellence and we're partnering with Nissan to bring you an event you won't want to miss 'cause it's all going down in the Nissan Lounge. If you haven't seen the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks or the Nissan Rogue yet, this is your moment from available intelligent around view monitor to available bulls personal plus sound system. The all new Nissan Kicks is ready. Whether you're cruising through the city or hitting the highway, the Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CRV and RAV4 with available HD enhanced intelligent around view monitor with moving object detection and a standard VC turbo engine. So pull up to the Nissan Lounge to explore their cutting edge features, snap some epic picks and see which ride matches your energy. Music, love, culture and community all in one place. So come through, show out and make some memories. Tickets are on sale now at black effect.com/podcast festival.


Man. It's like man, gosh at this point so many I, I would say like when I first got the email after my second trial because I had a prior trial in like 2013 and I was about like man, maybe like 200, maybe 200 pounds. And they said Hey you speak well but maybe put on some size. So man I took that to heart. I showed up the next trial like at least 50 pounds bigger, 50, 60 pounds bigger, just eating everything massively for like the next year, year and a half. Ended up having the second trial and what's crazy about the second trial is actually when I met Dawkins, okay he took me upstairs and it was like me and five other people and we were kind of the people from that class that actually got signed just so lo and behold up in the upper room they were having a promo class and it was actually being ran by at the time.


Dusty Rose that was still there. Yeah. And they took us to class and I remember right before I walked in there, I'll never forget it, dusty Rose was like, Hey just be yourself kid. And he sat me down up front in front of the class and it was like Kevin Owens and Dawkins was right up there front row. And the crazy part about this is, it's like my mom always told me to wear suits when you go to like business or do anything and in the morning I thought promos were in the afternoon and I showed up my gym clothes and I had my gym clothes and these moccasins on. So I'm like, shit man. Like I fell unprofessional, I ain't dressed up to the tee. It just so happened they took me upstairs and I sat down with the moccasins and my compression shirt and Kevin Owen was like, look d he wears house shoes just like you.


You guys gonna fit well together 'cause do everywhere all the time. Wear house shoes, Devo shoes, he's so chill and everything right now. He got the Gucci's 'cause he in Vegas he had different Fake financial freedom. He was so heavy. But I always remember that moment because that's where everything started and it just so happened like the first person I seen accidentally by thinking everything was supposed to be in the morning, afternoon, whatever it was showing up in moccasins was my brother.


So it's cool. Yeah. So I'd say that's one of the moments. I got a whole bunch more but I ain't trying to Yeah, take up all y'all time and everything Man. You shoot dog. I got a couple as well. Shoot. Even like, 'cause obviously I tried out before him. So started in, tried out in 2012 and dog yo like college kid. I ain't got no suits, nothing whatsoever bro. I'm strictly sweatpants, house shoes, hoodies all day every day. So I obviously get a tryout and I walk in and everybody's dressed up so everybody's just looking at me bad as heck. Like dang bro, you ain't got no suits. I was like, nah, I ain't know I needed a suit.


And then so from that point on, like obviously everybody was just looking at me and then I just started, I'm saying going in there, they had me to go do stuff in the ring and clown around a little bit and they were like, oh this, this kid is, this kid's good. And like I, I was beating out the people with suits and I was like oh sweet, this was pretty cool. And then I wrapped baby got snacks from in living Color. That's how I got hired. That's when I knew I made it. That's how you sealed the deal? Oh yeah, that's how I sealed the deal. Shout out to Jamie Fox. Shout out to the living color to Way's family. You know what I'm saying? Thank you guys. So, alright, now obviously we're gonna fast forward just a little bit. Now y'all got the real big, big bag. But what's like when you, y'all get that first check, y'all first breakthrough, y'all locked in.


What y'all doing with that first, that first direct deposit? Man, so I, I went and bought a Bible. That's the first thing I did. Okay. Like I was like, man, You know what, like everything's good for us. Like this is the first time like we've put in so much time and we feel like, not that we made it, but we're just in a whole different level or time that we were when we first signed. I remember the first thing I did was like Bob Bobble and like lady put inside my truck just so I can keep reminding myself each, You know, because I, I bought myself a bible and I always bought, I always wanted like my dream car was a Chevy Silverado. I don't know why some people feel like that's basic, but I always just wanted a black set. Chevy Silverado bought a Bible and we put the bible inside of my, the middle console and it's still in there to this day.


And just to remind myself in these high points in life, like You know, this is where it all is. You know I was always raising the church, born in the church and I always humble myself to know like these great things that happen but you still can get taken away at any day. So just a blessing to myself man. That's the first thing I did really. I haven't really bought anything crazy either. Like I feel like, like I wear, You know, Gucci Finney, whatever it Is, It's kind crazy. I haven't, That's to watch. I don't Really buy nothing Like too crazy. He bought a boat, You know. Okay. He got a, I mean oh here we go man.


A shout. Come on out. Boat is Christ boat bro. I mean, I Mean see now you frustrat I mean you gotta enjoy yourself bottom boat. I Mean you gotta enjoy yourself when you in the road. 300 plus days out the year when You know, when you home when you wanna enjoy yourself. So you, you might, you might buy a boat or two boat or two. I mean hey you might Buy a house or Two. You know what I'm saying? You know, hey, hey I ain't mad at that. I mean yo first thing I did, yeah.


Paid off Sally May. Okay perfect. I Think you did paid off Sally May I called. I was like, hey yeah how much I got? Alright, yeah I'll just take care of all of that real quick. They sounded so deflated. So I'm saying because there was a lot of deferments. I said yeah, You know what, sell me no more. You know me no more. Hey. And then after that I went and bought a couple pairs of house shoes. Yeah, yeah. Around with that man Because he was wearing a pair for like at least like about seven, eight years. Man. And like I'll never forget this too, like when we first got signed, docs had this Toyota Camry literally like it, it probably had like 600,000 miles.


And the reason why people say docs is rich 'cause literally Doc will keep stuff until the wheels fall off. Respect. And I remember one time we, this was way before, You know the wives and everything we got involved with now, like we was just getting in from coming out one night and he was driving that Camry and like that thing literally was, was hopping as it was getting me to my apartment. It was, it was skipping And I was like, it was like I kid you not, and I look over at Doc, I'm like bro you gonna be straight to get home. He said look at the dashboard, I'll be all right. I swear that was the last night he joined that car, It made it to his house. And then like I think a couple days later or a week later you end up getting that charger after that.


Oh yeah. I don't get a charger. For real. Nah, it was, it was funny 'cause like how I got that car was, I mean it was pretty dope 'cause the person that had that car originally, he, he was wrestling at NXT. That was when we lived in Tampa at that time it was FCW named Sakamoto. And he, he had got let go so he basically gave me the car for a hundred dollars. Dang. Dang. So I bought the Toyota Camry for a hundred dollars and like that already had like a lot of miles on it anyway. So then like what that was 2000? Yeah 2013. 13. Yeah. Yeah. What year was was a Toyota cam?


1990. How many 90 when you bought? 1998. See I had a 88 when I was in high school. So that's crazy. Years was 30 years of y'all have home For sure. For sure.


But listen, talking about with Childhood child because boy you made a hundred dollars Stretch didn't you? Was making, I was making a hundred dollars stretch right then. Man man You was making a play for financial freedom because last thing you want is debt man. You don't want no credit card debt man. So please tap in with Chime man. You wanna plan for that new whip like you was talking about. You wanna get the Bible going crazy. Like you said financial freedom. Get the debt taken away. Take care of those still loans man. Oh yeah. The first step is always your best debt man. Tap in with Chime for sure. Listen man, a little bit more about them. It's a credit bill. Credit card, no annual fees, no interest, no credit. Check to apply. Use it everywhere. Use a Visa card, You know what I'm saying? Just use it like you use everything else everyday purchases. Take care of that. Build credit up. Secure Credit builder with Visa credit card and Shop man. Lemme go through the bills one more time. The travel credit card builder Visa credit app is issued by the Bank Corp NA or Strive Bank Na Spot Me eligibility requirements and overdraft limits supply. Char checking account required to apply as well. Outof Network 18 withdrawal and O TC advanced fees apply. Tommy de depends on submission of payment file, late payment may negatively impact your credit score. Of course results may vary. Go to cho.com/disclosure for detail man listen boy, tap in. Boy you fired boy. Fire boy. I ain't boy Education off. Don't nothing boy. Get your child, get your on, Get your child, Get get your Yes Sir, man.


First of all, shout to y'all man. Champions man. But I wanna go back. How did y'all get into wrestling? Because I know both of y'all are superior athletes before y'all even got in the ring, man, you talk about your days, but you ain't no Sasha either. Boss Man, dog. It's weird how I got into business. Like, so I played football at Harper College. I was going there strictly for football 'cause I wanted to go D one. So like I was just focused on that. It was a juco. So I was trying to get my feet wet and like get out there and try to go D one. So then obviously like a bunch of heavyweights got hurt on the wrestling team or they either got hurt or they quit. So the wrestling coach came and like tried to get me to wrestle and when I wrestled in high school, I had to cut weight to two 15.


So I had to like, the last two years I missed Thanksgiving. So like, so yeah, so like at that point I was like, man, I, I kind of want to eat. I I ain't really trying to like I was already above what heavyweight is 2 85, I was 2 95 at the time. Mm. So I joe's like, nah, I ain't trying to cut weight man. Like I just want to go home and eat, eat some of my mama's cooking, You know what I'm saying? Enjoy, enjoy Thanksgiving, enjoy the holidays and I'm good. So he is like, all right, cool. And so obviously come back, got the bowl game, we go on Christmas break, I come back second semester, our defensive coordinator at the time drags me to the wrestling room.


He's like, Hey, I got your heavyweight here. And he's like, Hey, you ready to wrestle? And I just looked and I was like, all guess. So, so long story short, I joined the team like the second half of the season, it was like what, two months left. There was one match away from All American there and that was when I met Jerry Briscoe. Yeah. And Jerry Briscoe and who was a coach? Kelly and Coach Tado. They were the ones that were like the catalyst in making where I am now. Pretty much. Like they were the ones that got my foot in the door. 'cause they came up and they was like, Hey yo, yo Jerry Briscoe's here, wwe Jerry Briscoe's here. And like at the time I'm like, man, shut up bro.


Whatever dog. Let me go wrestle real quick. Like, and and so basically they was like, no, I'm dead serious. I'm like, yeah, whatever bro. So I go wrestle cough Matt sweating, tired, trying to drink some Gatorade or something and Jerry Briscoe walks up like, Hey I'm Jerry Briscoe from wwe, like, talk to you about getting the tryout. And so we talked for a minute, like talks like we talked for a minute and like I say like two months later I got tired of doing homework and I locked in. Yeah, I got tired of doing homework. He gave me a tryout and the rest is history. And like I always look at thank Coach Todd on Coach Kelly for that because like if they never got my foot in the door, hell, if my defensive coordinator never took me to the coaches, the wrestling room, I'm probably not sitting here right now.


Like how I got into business was insanely lucky. Now that I think about it, it's like, yo, this is crazy. Like I had no plans of wrestling in college, none whatsoever. And as like it, I never knew that's where that would take me to this right here. You know what I'm saying? That's crazy. Oh for sure. I I, I watched it as a kid, watched it like my entire life. I started watching it like when I was like seven or eight years old. And then when I graduated high school I actually ended up going to the military and so love wrestling everything. Played different sports in like high school and actually did wrestling as well. But once I graduated I went to the, to the Marines from like 18 to 22.


And while I was in the military I was just thinking like, man, like I, I could keep doing the military or I could actually do something that I want to do. And it's not saying the military wasn't something I wanted to do, but I felt like I had something else to offer to the world. Yeah. With wrestling, I didn't know how to go about of getting involved into wrestling. So after I finished the military, I was looking around at the, the city I was living around the town. I was in California, San Diego, California. And I was looking at the different independent promotions that they possibly have to possibly get your name out there for wrestling, trying to put on side train at the same time. And I remember at the time in 2013, WWE E had like a WWE recruit on their website tab.


I don't know if they still have it, but you can submit your videos and your photos and they can possibly contact you for a trial. So I said, all right man, like let me, lemme try this, submitted my name and like lo and behold like maybe seven months later they contacted me and said, Hey, we wanna bring you in for a trial. Lost my mind, lost my shit. And I was like, oh damn. So got ready for the trial, did the first trial that I told you all about. And like I said, they said you speak well but maybe put on some size. So in that whole like year, almost year and a half process, like when I say like I ate and I trained and I literally went to a place where like it wasn't a bad place, it was just like I said, if I'm not going to get this opportunity, then I wanna make sure that when I do this second trial, if it's possible, they tell me no.


At least I know I put everything Yeah. Into providing to make sure that whatever I need to do to get hired this time I've done everything and I can consciously close this dream and go try something else. Because when I went into the military the first year, I had my first, my oldest, my son, like he's here this weekend, my kid's here this weekend I had my oldest son. So like I didn't really have time to like try to figure out like what like what things I wanna try in life because You know, I got, I got mouth to feed and by the time I was finished with the military I had all three of my kids. So like everything at that time was like, not just taking care of them but like trying to figure out what I wanna do too. But when you got babies, You know, time is like, is is very limited scarce because I've never wanted to stop my cash flow taking care of my babies.


So like, like I said, once military got finished and I did that first initial trial and they told me, You know, you speak well put on some sides. The whole next year went all in, gained the weight, did the second trial. I think I came in like an extra like 50, 52 pounds. Y'all like swear just, just eat. It wasn't all good way either. Like, You know, I had some, some pizza, some burgers, some cakes. Like it was, it was, it was some meat pause, You know? So it was, We appreciate that. Speaking, speaking about that. Have you ever had Turkey hem before? Y'all know this is Turkey him don't worry about him. Don't worry about him. No, you Don't wanna talk About it. It is not, it's not Turkey him bro.


It's just sliced Turkey bro. And Just like what, what, what's That's your boy. This ain't Turkey Him. He trying to disrespect my mama right now. No, shout out, shout out to my dukes. But he, he y'all talking about Thanksgiving and stuff, it kind of sparked in my mind. He was talking about the other day he told me eating ham is like smoking cigarettes now don't eat him no more. He's out of pocket. I mean But he said even his mom make a Turkey that tastes like him. No. So it kind of fooled him a little bit and he said they put pineapples on it. Oh yeah. See, so, You know what I'm saying? It's up forever bro. It's up.


You know what I'm saying? You know, ever you want To ask y about those solo Cups my most supporting, does it taste good? Nah, it's fire but ain't about, I ain't about to fool with him. What? Because I told my mom about this and she was like, when we get back on Monday, she got something for you. So I don't worry about the food, I just wanted to look the reaction that they, You know what I mean? You got what you looking for. It's up now. So Turkey, that's clearly some AI shit. I don't put two different Actually amazed.


A A hybrid half. Alright this is I Turkey.


Turkey. Wait. Soon as he said pineapples I around you that dish look just like him. I said well you better be careful boy. So You know y'all come out with the solo cup y'all used to? Yeah. Like what was that for? Like what made y'all do that? 'cause us hanging out all the time. All we use is solo cups. We got a show when we go back home. Yeah we drink out solo cups. And when y'all first came out and I seen y'all, I was like, that's a vibe.


Like I see what they doing. They making me feel like I'm back in college with and they drinking, throwing 'em in the air. They coming out in the entrance setting the vibes. Who made that play? Who set that up for y'all? What made y'all go with that?


Oh Tasty High note. Oh hi. Don't mind me. I'm practicing my new baritone sacks. I just heard PayPal's paying for people's stuff every day for a hundred days and there's 10 million up for grabs. All you have to do is use PayPal checkout online. So there's never been a better time to buy a few things off the old wishlist. Like this Leafblower PayPal could pay for your purchase, the great PayPal checkout, no Purchase necessary in July 18th. See official rules at PayPal dot com slash the great PayPal checkout slash terms participating merchants only must use PayPal checkout online coverage of up to $100 in eligible purchases per cart


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This is today. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy we celebrate It because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch the Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Ugh, Come on. Why is this taking so long? This thing is ancient. Still Using yesterday's tech upgrade to the ThinkPad X one Carbon UltraLite ultra powerful and built for serious productivity with Intel core ultra processors blazing speed and AI power performance that keeps up with your business, not the other way around. Whoa. This thing moves. Stop hitting snooze on new tech. Win the tech search@lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo Unlock AI experiences with the ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core alter processors so you can work, create and boost productivity all on one device.


So I it was actually I was, I was at the house one time and I was talking to my wife Bianca Belaire. She actually wrestles with the WWE as well. She got a match this weekend. WrestleMania two. Shout out to Babe, good luck. But I was in the house one time like, man babe, like me and Dark Sneak, like something that like relates to the crowd that's like something that they can like carry with something that makes them feel like one of us. You know, like obviously we share like cultures similarities but like, like what's like a, a item or something that they can use. It's like a gesture and like what's something that's like a symbol of a good time. I was like, man I think I might go out there with a red solo cup and it's loud, it's a red solo cup and everybody knows what a red solo cup is.


To us it means a good time and like Street Profits like what we've always been about. It's just having a good time fast. Like we gonna still beat your ass but we going to get That twisted. You know what I'm saying? You know, we gonna have a good time with The vibes. That's kind of like What the vibes like came from. Like you said, like when people had like have solo cubs. They know it's like it's it's a vibe. It's about to be a good time. Yeah. Facts. I wanted to ask about the music 'cause we talked about that. Like that's the, the fire part is everybody hear that music, they go crazy before they see y'all. What's that plan in life for? You know say all right, this is what we pulling up to with y'all got the solo cups in hand but it's gonna set the tone when we come out. Man Dog, I give this shout out to Hunter on that one.


Yeah, hunter Hunter? Yeah that was Hunter here. Damn. Yeah. He's like, hey y'all like the music. It's like eh seems straight. You know what I'm saying? And like at that point he was like, look obviously we were like all right we're gonna be fine. You know what I'm saying? But we ain't expected to be like as soon as that music hit, crowd started just going nuts. I'm like oh snap. All right bet. I was like as soon as you hear that crowd reward, You know what I'm saying? You get that, you get that crazy energy, You know what I'm saying? It's like oh alright well we gotta bring it down now we can, now it's up. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. We talk about it all the time like You know hoop, You know what I'm saying? You out there with your teammates and stuff. Yeah. When y'all come down there it's y'all and that whole arena is just staring at y'all. Yeah. Music playing cus what's that vibe like?


I know that's gotta be nerve wracking at the same time you like geeked up 'cause you about to go get to it. But all eyes on y'all man. That's Crazy man. Look, I'll say this, I, it hasn't really happened lately 'cause like luckily we've been doing this what, 12 years now. So like I remember when we first got the call up to Raw and we went out there like I never even told him this. I was like bro, 'cause you go out there on the ramp, you just see an arena. So it was like, oh snap I, I got lightheaded there almost passed out. Damn. And then our first mania, well not the first mania where we were at the performance center, our first mania like a front out stadium that was Dallas.


I almost, yeah almost passed out there too. Like that's like you because you go out there, it's like a different view, You know what I'm saying? You went from watching whoever was in the ring, you went from watching who was ever in the ring to like all eyes are on you. So like you come out and you just see and it's just like, oh snap. Like Who? All right cool. Like, You know what I'm saying? This like, it gets you pumped at the same time but it's also like a little nerve-racking 'cause you obviously wanna go out there and put your best foot forward, You know what I'm saying? Wanna put on a show, give something everybody to talk about and you don't wanna mess up when you go out there and like every time you step in front of the crowd, man, it's just a unreal. 'cause like once they're looking at you, all eyes are on you.


So you gotta make that impression on them. Yeah, Because we was talking about the Royal Rumble joint. I was like, that stage was so long. I said man, my nerves would've fucked me up. I I, I did something. I was like, man y'all, that's a different type of locked in Man. You see what they did at the Rumble Came out, You know, so, okay. So at that point we were out for a minute. We were out for a month 'cause like towards the end of the year, like the holiday tour where I tore my meniscus so I had to get surgery so I was out for a minute.


Yeah. And he was out for like, we're both out for a minute and so I was kind of close to get coming back at that point in time. And so they were like, hey, You know what I'm saying? Y'all going, y'all gonna interrupt the tag match between Motor City and DIY. Yeah. So obviously, but the only problem was I still couldn't like run yet. Yeah. So like they were like nervous about that. So I was just chilling. They had me chill. I had like a hoodie I was hiding. I was acting like one of the camera men just chilling with the crutch right beside me the whole time on the, so like the ramp, 'cause it's like a lift so it is, yeah it is literally like a lift. So I was sitting on like one of the guardrails just chilling there the whole time I had a mask on and I was just laughing the whole time 'cause I'm looking, I'm like dang I hope nobody don't trip or fall on this interest bro.


'cause like that was a long entrance but at the same time I'm like man I'm about to whoop these mugs ass bro. I was like, watch this dog. Y'all think y'all think y'all gonna win the tag titles dog? Nah not don't my watch. That was the Funny part about it is we was sitting probably like right to the right for you because we were right by the barricade. So we seen, we just like a crush. Oh shit, this ambush. I I felt like y'all was like people running out during the basketball game security. Fuck that was, nah. Yeah that was dope.


That was dope. I gotta ask you, You know you do the splash from way up top and I mean you jump, you go up there like, You know one of my favorite restaurant with Eddie Guerrero? Yeah I do The Frog Splash and I'm like, when you go up top you go up there and I'm like, that shit gotta hurt It. You know what, not only does like it hurt, but it is, it is scary At the same time I'm actually afraid of Ices. So that's why I do the move to like try to break my fear of it. But like, it's like I use it as like a, like how Batman's afraid of bats. Like he, he afraid of bats. So like I just threw the Frog Splash. I'm trying to be like symbolic right now. But I use a Frog Splash just because like I love Eddie, love Rob and damn and I feel like RVDI gotta pay Hammerer see these guys man.


Like they, they've been like, You know, doing this for so long and like those are the two guys that like, like him. Those two Dlo Brown? Yeah, DLO Dlo. Like the way they done the Frost Splash and innovated it. Like I feel like if I'm doing it now, like I gotta like take it to another echelon like way up there and like I even changed the name of it to from the Heavens. 'cause I want to look like a movie coming from the heavens. Nah, it's Crazy. Yeah. I'm like, he really jumping like, like I'm, I was like ain't no way bro gotta hurt bro. I'm like ain't no way bro. Oh man. There was one time I was like, You know what, I'm gonna test how far he can really jump. Oh my God. So I sky hiding the dude on the other side of the rig and just walked off and he just looked at me.


He's like, for real? I was like, oh, oh yeah. Hey you got this bro. He's the one Usually when he sets the guy down he's in the middle of the ring. So like he sets the guy down all the way nearly to the other side of the ring. Like it's almost at the other corner. So I can't yell at him. Hey your dogs bring him, bring him closer. I just look at 'em like Wow that's crazy. I mean I made it but I ain't trying to brag. I made it but I, I ain't trying to brag but I made it though. Yeah I Made it Respect Hot Here Definitely made it though. Hot fly. Right. It's not fly right here. I Air dogs. No sir. They're docs ground base entertainment.


He's the most athletic big man of all time man. I seen this man take a dive and leave land on his feet. They got clips of it. They go look it up man. They don't, don't worry about that yourself. Entertainment. I'll say yourself short ground base entertainment Charles Ley. Hey earlier. You know what I'm saying? You said you had some mo you Hoop a little bit. What's going on? I mean I, I can hoop a little bit what I'm saying. Okay. Are you so who the best Hooper and wwe. What'd you say? You I smoke Everybody come okay 'em up. That's a lot of people bro. Yeah I smoke everybody. What's up bro? What you gotta say? We ease. Oh it's Christmas Speaks.


We your be you smoke Everybody. That's not that. Oh you ain't talking about me. 'cause we tag partners. I get it. Ah, I understand bro. Yeah you right, you right. Tag partners can get work too. What I'm saying, you my boy. But You know if we play one on one, what's the score? Barbecue chicken bro. If y'all go into 10 little too little. If y'all game, if y'all go 10, what's the score legit? Ten six me 10. Oh he gave you six. That's fair. Hey You know what man, that's cute at It is cute but bro That's cute bro. You know what I'm saying? It's cute but it's cute and Accurate. Nah, too accurate. Close. Not even close. Nah, he said you gonna cover the spread but you gonna take the L man.


Nah, not at all. Not at all. He quiet. He quiet though. Now he's gonna be ten four. He get quiet when the truth come out. But it, it, You know that's, that's ten six bro. Come on bro. I gave him six. Who would you say your game is? Like my game NBA player? I it's like a between, yeah I'm z that's his crazy.


I saying Charles Barkley. Okay, okay. You know I could lied be like hey yo LeBron, You know what I'm saying? LeBron staff, You know what I'm saying? Reon You know. Damn it a range right there. Yeah the real LeBron do that leave my mom food alone got gonna start selling.


Oh man. Oh man. Listen we appreciate y'all sliding man to y'all man. We appreciate y'all the representation y'all have y'all success man is noted man. Like I said, y'all set the tone for a lot of young people who love watching wrestling and so for us to have the icons we grew up to and y'all in that situation now, man. Salute to y'all For sure. For sure For We're gonna have to do this again man. One more time, Fean for letting this happen. We appreciate y'all. Come on Street Profits, the Champs Club five 20, The Volume.


Get your mother loving ears on because your big time radio DJ's got news. PayPal lets you choose how you want to pay for all the stuff with PayPal. I can pay in store, pay online or pay over time. What's that? You want this translated into song? I hope you're sitting down. You can pay your own way. You keep those ears on. You hear? Don't just pay baby PayPal. Learn more at PayPal dot com.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


In the Heat of battle your squad relies on you. Don't let them down. Unlock Elite gaming tech@lenovo.com. Dominate every match with next level speed, seamless streaming and performance that won't quit. So you can push your gameplay beyond performance. With Intel core ultra processors for the next era of gaming. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search power up@lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo,


Amazon one Medical presents. Painful thoughts. Do they ever actually clean the ball pit at these kids play gyms? Or is my kid just swimming in Nevada bacteria catching whatever coie of the day is breeding in there. A coie that'll probably take down our whole family. Luckily with Amazon One Medical 24 7 virtual care, you can get checked out for whatever ball Pitis you've contracted. Amazon won. Medical healthcare just got less painful.