
Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors. Plug in a Hyundai EV in the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the ionic five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower.


Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 ionic five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 361 mile driving range for 2024 Iion. Six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. Man, listen. Traveling be crazy, but I'm so happy that we agreed upon staring the Airbnb the last time we slid out, especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah, Traveling sometimes. And they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, pot and pans, I greatly appreciate that.


Made my job Easier for sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified, ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man. It was perfect. Out to Airbnb. How you feel about the tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great. This is John Miko from Three and Out with John, Miko, Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want.


It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it, right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Toura podcast Network, The Volume.


All right, we back live from Halco Resort World Vegas Baby Club five 20 live on location. Special. Special guest to my left. We're gonna introduce my man's last to my far left. We got my dog Bishop B, he out the prairie. How you what? Nasty. Cool and nasty. Let's get to It out the gate. How you feeling man? You know what I'm saying? Vegas. I took a toll on us bro. We been going, we've been trapping out here. You know this Is our fifth day. Vegas been good to us. You know it's time to slide though For sure. Yeah, we were talking OG before the show. You in Vegas longer than 48 hours. You living real wicked. Yeah, talking about right. My dog Young Nacho, young T How you up man? Man, I'm chilling bro. We got a OG in the building. I'm hyped bro. We trying to get him on the show for a minute. So should be a good man. We been, gee, about to shout out to camp and help making this happen.


Shout out to the team and hey look, the Bite D series is for real, for real. Bardo. I think all, we all been Bard D the last couple days before D for sure. Bar DI don't rest of my stuff packed bro. I ain't even, Hey Bard D for sure. Hey man, but to my left we got a NBA legend. We got my man a pioneer head of his game. How he played in the NBA the max. That podcast we got the OG Vernon Maxwell Big dog. Appreciate you sliding on us man. Man, appreciate y'all having me man. I can't wait to do this shit. I've been wondering why you niggas took so long to get me on this motherfucker, man, I don't know what the fuck y'all been doing. What's been the hold up though? I Don't know you niggas Bruce. Man, this is our fault.


Well you hell Man. Y'all motherfucker up. Y'all got, damn, y'all done did damn a hundred shows. I'm a hundred motherfucking ones. I supposed to been in the top five. What the fuck are we doing? You kicking off the new season man. Oh okay. Well damn I'm number one. My God. Shit, That shit for sure man. No Doubt. And listen, maybe we try to get you in Indiana, but you be treating Indiana like Utah man. Well you know them motherfuckers, a lot of motherfuckers, they ain't got a lot of internet, you know? So you gotta see leave that in that, that Utah shit. Them motherfuckers we going that's a whole other motherfucker. So them motherfuckers whack ass motherfuckers out here. You know we ain't, I I mean what if you want me to elaborate about them motherfuckers, but like I was talking to these guys today.


I did a podcast earlier today with some guys, they, they, they from Utah and they was like ask me Max Damn man, why you so on Utah, man you motherfucker, y'all so weird out there. You motherfuckers got four, five wives and shit. You Mormon ass motherfucker who do that. I wish I could. I Single, single Nigga. I'm a s single motherfucker. I wish I could have motherfucking four women you can in the one house at one time. Oh that's tough. And Bitch, Bitch your day is Monday and miss your day is Tuesday and miss your day is Wednesday and miss your day is Thursday. So I want to do that. Nah, you don't want that man. You don't want that and half.


Oh yes I do. You don't want that. You a damn Nut. I got that boy. I, I ain't got nobody, don't nobody want my As so because I ain't worth to be wanted. I want to be out there. That's why I want to live. I'm getting ready to move out there Respect Shit. Hey man, you ain't gonna have wifi though Boy. You know I keep telling you motherfuckers it's different out there. You know them mountains. Jeff know when you flying the goddamn Utah, you flying into a little hole. That's a little hole in that motherfucker. That's what Carl Malones should drive that motherfucker 18 wheeler in the games and shout. I said damn what? This nigga pulling up a 18 wheeler at a fucking basketball game. Well it makes sense now. Huh?


Carl got a weird case. Why is he around? Oh Well Carl, I I love you boy. I love you Carl. I ain't got nothing to do with that shit. That boy just said we had the same major. I fucked with you. Remember Max didn't say that shit. Hey but no Carl, you pulled up in there with that big ass 18 wheeler one time. I was like damn this nigga drove the cab. He had the back of the fucking truck and the, and the cab on the front. He pulled a whole 18 wheeler in the goddamn down there where the bus. I was like man, who fucking got a 18 wheeler? They said the motherfucker when I got off the bus, the motherfucker said that's carone. Goddamn. Tell me say this nigga's loading cows and what the fuck Good man.


I don't know man. It's just weird. That's my motto. That's why I say all the time all my boys they know Cam Junior. All my peoples know I ain't got nobody don't want nobody, I just want hang something in somebody. Oh gee crazy man. But we gotta talk about it man. Obviously we know how polarized you are off the court, but you a pioneer your game back in the day now you see everybody coming in and don't nobody shoot nothing but threes. But like that was how you hung your hat earlier on outside of your defense housing now is here the game transition to where everybody gotta shoot that. And you was, especially as that 'cause I know a couple years in a row you was like you led the league and made threes. Oh boy, that's a great question. Oh man, yeah man, nah shit, I'll be a $300 million motherfucker like these young boys out here Tatum and and Brown.


I'll be one of them motherfuckers. Yeah, shit, I, yeah because that's all they, that's what the games went to now they want motherfuckers to shoot, they they want a lot of scoring and make, make it exciting and they got the big guys out there in the way of the goddamn guard shooting threes and shit and all this bullshit. But it's cool though. I, I mean I don't really like the game, the way the game's being played right now, but I respect the game and I respect what these young boys are doing and I re I really love the money they're fucking getting. Yeah, God damn why I couldn't get none of that? Goddamn, this shit is fucked up man. This Some fucked up shit, y'all. I You repar Max what? Yeah, he's a reparations.


Yes, yes. I, I mean for real man. For real though. I mean god damn man. You can average fucking 14 points and you goddamn get 80 million. Yeah man, God man, God damn nigga I average 18 a night goddamn now. Damn. I can't damn. Oh my goodness man. Shit Man's, his mind just fucking me up. But ain't it amazing how the game grown though from like, like even from when I played like to see the money going up even more. Like we had a moment the other day I was talking about Max Christie getting 8 million and at a time when I got paid like that it was like damn 8 million was good but now like 8 million is like the bottom.


Yeah, that's, that's that's like the bottom of the total. But to see it grow like that ain't amazing. Yeah, yeah well you know there these TV deals know that's where, that's where the money come at now they got to pay these motherfuckers from the TV deals so I mean and they getting a bigger deal getting ready to come now. Sir. This shit finna get absurd. Yeah. So I mean, I mean the TV deals is crazy man. So that's where they getting these, these guys, these young guy's getting this money. But I ain't mad at him because Dr. J came in before me and, and I'm sure Dr. J was like, damn how Maxwell make more motherfucking money than I made. Yeah. You know what I mean? So Dr JI wasn't a Michael Jordan, you know guy, you know I love Michael Jordan and but you know what he'd done and and competitive And we competed against each other.


Yeah, but Dr. J was my guy and I'm, I'm like saying damn, Dr. J was probably saying the same damn thing I'm saying right now about these young guys. Yeah. Damn these young guys I'll bust these motherfuckers but hey, you know what I mean? And, but it's the TV deals and I get, I get it and I understand where it's coming from so, and I'm, I'm, I'm happy for it. So shit, I got a son, I got two sons coming up, shit, I hope one of them motherfuckers get some of this motherfucking a bag or what they call it a bag or bread, whatever the fuck they call it, above Chicken, like chicken man. And it's crazy like you talking about how he was playing game has evolved. Now what's interesting you talking about TV deals and like I think, I hope it doesn't come to an end but it's kind of what it's looking like.


Y'all teammate Kenny Smith, like for what they did, I think that more people need to pay attention to how inside the NBA helped perpetuate that. I know that's not the only thing about that, but the way that they cover the game, especially in today's modern era with social media, they help project a lot of people to have their own brands or own rebuttals to do stuff like this. No. How was that to see him go from your teammates to see what he's doing now? Well I always told that motherfucker, you know Kenny, my nigga, you know I love you boy. I told him, I said that's what he was gonna be a commentator because you know Kenny speaks so fluid and so well yeah. You know and he's so educated and shit, you know what I mean? But I told him, nigga you was a decent, I'm sorry Kenny, you was a great fall player. I'm, I have To take that to this Motherfucker Because I know he could see this shit.


But yeah, but Kenny was a great ball player but you know, I mean but I always said to Kenny, I knew he was gonna be a announcer or some form of fashion doing that shit. What he's doing with TNT. Yeah. I mean it is, it is. I I mean it is great. I mean I, I've loved to see Kenny up there because you know he always bring my ass up in a lot of conversations and shit. Always showing love and I'd be like, God damn Kenny, why you put me in this shit? I'm over here smoking this goddamn blunt over here getting high. You got me in this shit man, I'm just watching you nigga. What, what we talking about Kenny? But I mean so, but I love what Kenny's doing. That's my guy. You know Kenny, I love his family. I know his, I man I know it.


Kenny knew my family, I knew his family. I mean we lived next door to each other. We was like next door neighbors me and this motherfucker. I mean it is weird and I mean so I mean that's my guy. I love him to death and, and kudos to my nigga, you know He know I love him so much. So yeah. It's always funny to see Kenny like how he like run now with like his knees off like oh my goodness, he the coldest ever to play knock. Like no My nah that shit got worse when it got older. Got oh okay. That shit got worse 'cause that nigga wasn't running like that that I was all here. Cody, that's Confus Us, that nigga the jet you why Yo you remember they called that nigga the Jet. That's where Confused, that's I Nigga no that nigga clocking knees and shit.


That nigga, the helicopter Nigga be running up that motherfucker and he be making sure, hey y'all niggas don't hold, you get ready to beat me up. Hold on now you beat me up to this Motherfucker boy. Nigga that motherfucker be ready because them knees get ready to hit up against. Lemme stop Talking about my nigga boy. Hey boy, Kenny, come on my show boy. I love you boy. Come on. I some bullshit though. Alright. I'm just, Hey boy, you know what we do? We, we, hey you know what, this is Love. Yeah, for sure. I'm love. Now listen man I gotta ask you about this. We from n you know what I'm saying, pioneers in Indiana, Pacers, you know what I'm saying? What they did at the Palace, but you was an OG in that you was one of the first people to get active in the stands.


I gotta ask you who was worse than the, the, the Portland fans or the Utah fans? Well, Well I'm a, I'm gonna put Portland because the motherfucker was talking about my motherfucker stillborn daughter. Yeah, that's crazy mean that was a problem. You know I ain't, I mean I kept telling the damn security guard. I was like, yo, I was telling this motherfucker, I was like, yo, do you hear what this motherfucking white boy is saying about my goddamn peoples? And I said, and I well true enough, I probably shouldn't have brought my ass back that early, but I felt like that was my sanctuary where I can go and release release. Yeah. And not think about my stillborn daughter Right. And shit like that. And the white boy in Nike, we all broadcasted and they put like, you know Vernon, Maxwell, Amber, they put her name on my shoes and shit.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. All that bullshit. And, and the white boy behind me was talking crazy like fuck that bitch, fuck that whore. Yeah. And I was like telling the damn security guy to sit behind the bench. I was like, man, you better go straighten this motherfucker up. So security guy tell me Max, I can't do that man. He pay his money. It is a not alone as a nigga. Wow. Nigga sitting behind me talking about, man, I can't do that man. He paid his, he paid his money for that ticket. I say what? I said, okay. I said, man do you hear what this man saying to me? So he was like, I can't do nothing Max. So, and then Kenny was sitting beside me and, and I think Tim bro was another guy that, you know my guy Tim, bro, what's up?


Yeah, I gave you shot at Boy shit. Shit. And, but I, and he was sitting beside me, he was trying to tell me back, come on man, chill now. Chill. Don't, don't do it, don't do it. Mm. But I'm, I'm, I'm telling man fuck you motherfucking white boy. I'm telling him like this here I'm cussing and fussing and shit. And then so I got fed up with it. I got tired. I kept telling this nigga so I got up and when I got up and the nigga was like, oh, he stood up and nigga I was like, I man get your bitch ass out the way I shoved that nigga back over there til that goddamn whiskey ball over there. That motherfucker across that bar. I slung that motherfucker across the bar.


I went up there. You say YI y'all seen it? Yeah, I walked like patiently. I walked patiently Terminator. Oh lot. I just bam, bam, bam. And I slapped the shit outta that motherfucker. It wasn't worth it. The money, the money the motherfucker. I ain't know God damn. I say damn, they told me how much I'll make it in goddamn in in 10 days and it took 500 from old nigga in 10 in 10 games. I was like God damn I ain't want doing like that. You Should have made him after the game Motherfucker. Goddamn damn. I should, yeah I should have tried to get that bitch outta the game took 10.


It was, it was, it was a bad it was but and then, and then, and then that, that was fucked up and then the rockers fucked over Me too. Yeah. And they bought Clyde in and they didn't even threw my whole suspension that whole 10 games. The motherfuckers never did call me. Nobody never called me and checked on me and said Vern, you working out, you good. Your mental stage is all right nigga, because we know you mental health nigga. Yeah. You know you all right. You know So, but nobody never, none, none of my teammates, nobody never called me nobody. Damn. I was just out on the golf course just hitting my golf ball and shit. Nobody never called me then they brought Clyde in on me without saying anything to me.


I thought them bought two championships. I mean well one champ, the first championship in that motherfucker when they wouldn't never won without me because Godda talk about it in game three. Goddammit. When we went out to Phoenix, shit we was down oh two shit. And God damnit Max don't go out there and do what I did. I had 30 in the second half. God damnit will. Yeah. I turned that whole motherfucking series around for fucking H town. Yep. You know what I mean? And, we won that goddamn. I told Dream, come on baby boy this my night tonight take max. Goddamn damn big guy. Come on now. You the guy. Yeah you the guy. But it's max night tonight. Goddamn, Jeff, you know what it's like when you get to cooking.


Yeah for sure. Goddamn, damn I got to cooking. I had 30 in the second half, I had two at the half. I was on some drunk shit because I was, I was in the, in the club with them white bitches out there fence. You know how it is Jeff, you know how white bitch Stop. Sorry. You out there partying with the white bitch tonight for the game because I ain't worried about damn Marley. Fuck damn Marley. I ready to bust. Damn Molly ass. I got a white boy on me. Ain't no white boy never guard me. So I'm getting ready like yeah ain't no white boy guard man, fuck that shit. So I went, I turned the fucking serious. Right. And then shit And, we won the fucking first championship ever in the, in in Houston history.


Yeah. No baseball, football or nothing. That was the first championship and I think I was a big You Was? I did. Yeah, I Hit that shit. You wass for sure I did that shit. For sure you was, Shit, they wouldn't have hap without game three. Yeah, we couldn't have went down oh three to the motherfuckers Charles Barkley and the motherfuckers kj and the motherfuckers and they was nice. Yeah. And yeah man, so fuck that. So yeah. Mad Max, How you get the name Mad Max? Oh shit. Them white folks, you know how they do, they change your name, you know, like slaves and shit. Like, you know how them white folk do you know like Kta, kente, that motherfucker name wasn't Tte.


What was it? That motherfucker, his name was Bro Carl, like Vernon, they changed that motherfucker name is Kta, you know what I mean? Because he kept running, you know what I mean? So, but that's what they did to me though. That, that the bulk of the story is that the white folks, you know, I was out there, I was wilding You wild. I was wilding like a motherfucker. So I'm wilding like a motherfucker out there. So the white folks changed my name. Okay. Mama called me. She said, damn Vernon. She said baby, my mom called me and said, baby, I don't, I don't know who the fuck you is right now. And I was like, mom, what are you talking about? She say, why you calling you mad Max?


I say, damn. I said, ma, it's probably the shit I been doing. And she was like, baby, you need to chill baby. I don't know you like this, what, what, what's going on? So the white folks changed my name from Vernon. Then they started calling me Mad Max. And so, so I told my mom, I say shit, that's, that's the reason why the motherfuckers changed my name. Oh, okay. They ain't call nobody, don't call me. Nobody never. That's a weird ass name. Really? Yeah. Vernon. Yeah. Who fucking named Vernon? Who fucking named Vernon? Shout Out to my dog Vernon. M there's A lot of goddamn cams. There's a lot of motherfucking juniors.


That's who fucking named Vernon, you know, no fucking body. I was like, man, what The fuck? Ain't too many cool v names. Right, but you made a state before it. Yeah. So, so the motherfuckers changed my name from Burning to Mad Max because all the antics and shit. But Mad Max is a dope name though. That, that nickname is dope Though. I thought you got that, you know, in the neighborhood or at, you know, Rucker or somewhere, wherever you played on the street street. I wish I could got paid for that shit though. Yeah, motherfucker, I got, I lost a lot of money with that motherfucker name. He said make for me Shit. Nigga, that shit went backwards. That shit was swimming up the scream backwards like a salmon. Nigga. I goddamn I was fucking up nigga all nigga that shit, fuck that.


I bought it in that bullshit All man. Listen, I know it just happened, but I'm reminiscing of how we all slid to Vegas for the fight. What was crazy is, you know what I'm saying, we, we had a little bit of an issue figured out. We was gonna lay our head. You know what I'm saying? We had equipment. I think the best decision we did, man was decide to actually look into an Airbnb. The guest favorites made that whole warrior situation. 'cause y'all was sweating. Y'all thought we was about to go back to the crib. We wasn't about to have no Vegas weekend, but Airbnb came in, clutch got us in a nice comfortable spot. How you like it, man, you know what I'm normally I know you be, I know you be staying at some good places. You a harsh critic. It was perfect, man. It was a really good time. Our stay was it perfect man? Perfect. Yeah. How you feel about the trip, man?


Love Airbnb man. Shout out to y'all. What's your favorite part about the big experience, man? Was it being a, you know what I'm saying? The comfortability, the air condition. It is hot man. Shout out to the amenities. Look, if you're looking for wonderful place to stay, Airbnb is the first place to look Every day when you log into chumba casino.com. The ultimate online social casino, you get a free daily bonus. Imagine if you got daily bonuses in other parts of your life. I chose French fries, overloaded french fries. I asked Stewart from accounting about his weekend. Even though I don't care, I updated my operating system without having to call tech support. Collect your free daily bonus@jumbocasino.com.


Now Juba and live the jumbo life BDW group. No purchase necessary prohibited by terms and conditions. 18 plus ODU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes Business software can't talk to other programs. But du funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use DU because they save you money. Du makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@du.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job, Thanks. Make this new school year an opportunity for your kids to learn important life skills with Greenlight Green Light is a debit card and money app for families where kids learn how to save, invest, and spend wisely while parents keep an eye on kids money habits.


Greenlight also helps families get into their ball routine with a chores feature that lets parents assign chores and pay kids' allowance when they check them off. Get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart. The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold onto that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com.


That's visit myrtle beach.com. Let's go back to the hoop shit though man. How did you end up at Florida? Ah man. Yeah, well I was gonna go to North Carolina State had just won the National championship 83. Sidney Lowe. Okay. Yeah. Sidney Lowe. Yep. My guys them. Yep. And Lorenzo Charles and all them guys. Sir Tho Bailey, all those guys I went up to visit them and shit. Man, they, they, they flew, they plane down to Gainesville. I'm from Gainesville, Florida, I'm a country boy. Like I said, I'm a country ass bunking ass nigga. I had never ever been nowhere. Yeah. And them motherfuckers flew that plane down there to get me from Gainesville.


My mom told me before I went up there say, Hey nigga, my mom used to talk to me like she was like my my daddy. You see what I'm saying? She was, I don't, I really don't know my dad, so I don't have a dad. So she was like my dad. Yeah. So she was like, Hey nigga, lemme tell you something. You better not sign a motherfucking piece of paper. I said, mom, I ain't gonna do this. 'cause you know we have Florida. Yeah. University of Florida. I I'm in the backyard of University of Florida. I live a mile away from the University of Florida. Yeah. So she know them. White folks already told us, nigga, we getting ready to pay you. Yeah. So nigga don't you fuck my money up. That's what my mama said. Nigga don't go fuck my money up, nigga. So NIL Yeah, yeah, yeah. Before the NIL.


Yeah. I had NIL before NIL shit. NIL been Nah shit. Well these boys getting paid good money now, but, but my NL my shit was like 200. Yeah. And that was back in the early eighties. Yes sir. You know what I mean? So that was big money. That's good money For For sure. I moved my mom out the fucking hood to a little mid-level ass motherfucking place. You know, she ain't wasn't in the projects, she had a house. Yeah. You know what I mean? So I was able to do that shit and, but the University of Florida was a blessing for me man, because I knew all the dope spots was and shit. I do. I knew all the dope spots was, you know, because I mean, I mean, I'm a real ass nigga, man.


I'm gonna tell you y'all, y'all got me on this motherfucker. I'm gonna tell y'all the real man. Ah, for sure. You know, I was on cocaine in college and shit, and I was on marijuana. I smoked marijuana still today. But, and, and I was an alcoholic too. So in college I did all three of those fucking, those drugs to me. Yeah. That's, so I did all three of those and I, and for me to make it coming outta there, I mean it was dangerous for me to stay in, in Gainesville, but I knew I couldn't leave Gainesville. It was a, it was like a double-edged sword. Like I couldn't leave and I needed to leave. Yeah. You know, I needed to leave to get away from that, you know what I mean?


But I decided to stay in that shit and that infested ass pond, like I keep saying Yeah. Gainesville, Florida. And, and I got caught up and I went to Florida. I'm all time leading score at the University of Florida. The day. Talk about, you know, motherfuckers don't stay in school long enough to do what I did, you know, time in appearance. Yes. Back in, it's the first time in appearance back in the day when I came, when I came out. You know, you your ass do four years. Yeah. You know, ain't that that shit wasn't heard of one and done that shit. It was like two motherfuckers I saw DI mean like Darryl Dawers and these other motherfuckers had done that. I mean, so we, we never really heard about one and dones.


Yeah. Like going to college for one year and, and, and then you, I mean get a bag. So we, I did four years, that's how I became the all time leading score at the University of Florida. You know what I mean? I got 28 60, you know, and second time, all time leading score in the SEC history behind Pistol Peak. Wow. That's hard bro. That's still today. So, but yeah, but it was, I mean I had to, I I had to stay there because I had never been nowhere. I went, they flew me, they brought that goddamn plane down to goddamn Gainesville and they flew me over to, to Raleigh, North Carolina. Man, that's the longest fucking flight I ever, that shit wasn't done about an hour. And my ass had never been on a plane or nothing.


That shit was the longest fucking flight. I was like, oh shit, these white folks. I ain't never been this way far away from my house. Now I can't. Nah. I was like nervous. So, and then I got off the plane, they showed me valvano, God bless you, Jimmy, Jimmy Valvano. He showed me a great time and that's probably where I should have went to. But I, I mean, I still did good with where I went to, but, but I'm just saying. But Valvano was a great visit and I mean man, it was just, it was a blessing man. I mean just, just staying in Florida, man. I had to stay there man. Because I mean, shit, my mom wasn't gonna let me leave 'cause I was a mama's boy. Yeah. Okay. And that's interesting you say that, like you said, like double-edged sword situation.


Like me staying changes life, your family instantly, no matter what happened, the rest of Yeah, I know my family good if I make this move. Right. But also, you probably need a little bit of space to kind of develop on your own to get away from some people. You kind of talked about that, you know, your college decision, you wanted to kind of stay home, but you was like, that could have been detrimental to being home. Too close to home. Yeah. If I was too close to home, I would've just been with the guys. You know what I mean? So I don't know if I would've made it to the NBA Right. Because my focus might not have been the same. But getting away from home and going to Wake Forest being eight hours away ain't had no choice but to like lock in focus and focus for sure. That's right. Yeah. That's what, now's my thing. See I what I, I I could, I, I know I could have been a better college player if I'd have just co like I said, man, I was on cocaine Yeah.


And marijuana and I was an alcoholic man. And so, and I'm still scored 28 60. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. And so I don't even know half of the days and shit, I don't remember half of the days at that in college. Yeah. You know what I mean? Because I was so fucked up. You know what I mean? A lot of times I go to practice and shit. I just sit there in college and shit. I be like, shit, fuck that. I ain't practicing today, shit. You want me today? Or you can get me in game day tomorrow. Shit. He say, I'll get you tomorrow. Just sit there, sit there, just sit there. So that's what I used to do. So I mean, I used to be, I used to be hung over off that cocaine.


'cause cocaine would make you step up all night, man. And you got them cocaine, boogers and shit. You be digging all day shit. And I mean, it just be, it's a, it's a lot of shit you deal with man. But I mean I, unfortunately, I I, I really don't know how I made it because two weeks before the draft we was out there in combining Orlando working out and shit. You know, we ain't have, it wasn't cell phones back then. Yeah. It was like newspapers. You, you, you, you get up in the morning and you, you go out the, at the combine where we was at, we, we open the door, we get to USA today. See we used to read USA today.


Yeah. We read the USA today. And then I went to get the USA today. It was like 10 days before the drive was. And I was get, I get to USA today, I pick up the goddamn paper and I, I don't fuck all that damn political shit. I go straight to the sports. Yeah. And I flip it to the sports. I'm looking at my goddamn face on the fucking, on the fucking u and, and on the, on the front of the force on the sports page. I'm like, what the fuck is happening? What'd I do? So unfortunately, God bless him. My my college coach done leaked out that I was, I was supposed to be top 10 Yeah.


Going, I was supposed to be top 10 lottery pick. Yeah. Yeah. But my, my, my college coach, he leaked out that, you know, and he said to me and he told it to my mom that if it's up to him, I wasn't gonna make it. Damn. Damn. Yeah, that's, that's what he told me when I was a senior after I told this motherfuckers I was gonna, I should have left my junior year. But I stayed because my mom's like, yo, get your degree nigga. And you know where you can have something to fall back on in case this shit don't work out for you. Yeah. Nigga. And so I was like, all right ma, I don't really wanna do this shit. I don't really want to fuck with this boy, this white boy, this, this coach, you know, because we, we, we didn't get along.


I mean, but he couldn't stop me from being on the floor because I'm from Gainesville, Florida all alumnis, you know what I mean? Yeah. They ain't got my back motherfucker. They gonna get rid of that coach before they get rid of me. Yeah. You know, because I, you know, you flunk three drug tests at the University of Florida when I was there and you kicked out the school shit. I flunked a fucking hundred of 'em my freshman year. Year. Damn. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. So that's how they put a bandage on this shit for me. Yeah. You know what I mean? So, but I'm just saying man, I, I mean it's, it's just So he booted you into the second round. He the reason why you got booked the Second round. I went from top 10 to 48th pick.


Yeah. And I had to make a fucking team. I got drafted by Denver 48th. Yeah. Supposed to been shit top 10. And they traded me the night, that same night when I got drafted to San Antonio Spurs. Yeah. And yeah, so, and I went there and I went there, shit. Then I went there. I had a nigga way, way crazier than me. You know, Alvin Robinson, a quadruple double nigga. Yeah. You know, 10 rebounds, tennis assist, 10 stills, you know, 10 points. You know, this nigga was crazy. He's, I mean he was a all star guy. So I, I mean, and this dude was physical as fuck.


I knew I had to, I had to get my, I had to get myself, you know, build my body up. 'cause I was, you know, I'm looking at me shit. I don't wear nothing but 182 pounds that time. Shit. Yeah. So, I mean, but shit, back then, my heaviest weight I ever wore, my whole life was 195 pounds. When I played in the NBA. That's the heaviest I ever been. Everybody I played against was 6, 6, 6 7. I mean two hundred eighteen, two hundred and five. I'm, I'm one 90 fucking, you know, I mean, I'm a little ass guy man. But I just, my heart took me over through all that shit, man. Yeah. I mean, I, I played with heart and you know Jeff and Yeah. Passion and, and I don't give a fuck about a nigga in another, in the other color jersey.


You know? So it is cutthroat nigga. Yeah. So, and I gotta ask, man, you talked about this recently, but I just loved the conversation. He was like, you know, MJ was, guarding was hard. Excuse me, guarding MJ was pretty hard. But that, but that, that man up there and you know what I'm saying with the nets, he was the, he was the hardest assignment you had to deal with. Who? What blessing you talking About? Boy? Who? Boy Tro. Oh, Petra Fitch Boy God, God, I'd rather God motherfucker and Michael than God Jam Petrovich. That motherfucker was something else. Man. Drive petrovich man. God bless you guy. Man. That man I used to tell Rudy, t treat this motherfucker like you treat Mike. You know we had treat, I used to tell him, man, don't don't let motherfucker, when he come out the game, bring my ass out the game when he come to the goddamn table.


Let me meet him at the table. I don't want nobody guarding this motherfucker because this bitch can get to get to going real quick and it's gonna be hard to cut this motherfucker water off. Yeah. I mean, I mean that's why I used to be like, man, fuck that man. Hey man, Rudy treat this motherfucker. And then one night he didn't do that man. I was like, oh my goodness, this motherfucker was in Houston, this mother motherfucker and this motherfucker. He, he on, he talk, he talk that bitch talk with his head. Fuck he don't say shit to you. He do this, he gonna do that. I said, oh, this bitch done got fired. The motherfucker in the gang, that motherfucker lit one of them niggas up. I forget who it was.


I ain't gonna say nobody names because I love all my teammates. Fucking Rogers we got, you got the motherfucker going though. Whoever he was, he got the motherfucker going and they put me back in. That motherfucker trying to cut off the water. Boy I couldn't do it. I, boy that's the, that's the worst cover in the world driving Petrovich. Man. I'm trying to tell y'all man, y'all just pay homage to this motherfucker, man. Yeah, this motherfucker was a killer man. You know it's funny, they, I mean maybe not on the same level but they kind of compare him with the same way they were going crazy like Luca, they was like, Luca, like they now that you don't wanna deal. I agree. I fucking agree. Luca's a fucking killer too. Yeah, he a killer. Yeah, he's a killer. He's, I, I agree. Yes, yes that yeah.


But shit, DRO, he, he, he they used to run that motherfucker off three, four screens. Nigga you have to chase this motherfucker. Yeah. And then when he get that motherfucker, he catch that bitch this way. He a scrub this bitch, this motherfucker square up this way in the air and just bang, bang that, I mean threes, this motherfucker was unbelievable man. I'm telling you man, if this guy wouldn't have, if he wouldn't have killed himself on the Audubon, man, this guy would've been so special. Man. This guy was a special guy man. Oh man. He was, oh my goodness. I don't, I really don't like to get that motherfucker outta of props. But that motherfucker used to fuck me up more than Mike man. I tell everybody that's where you got it from.


Yeah, I know you got that shit from he's to fuck me up. I hate guarding that motherfucker. You said it, but before we got, how was it guard back? Because I mean every time we hear about it it was just like Mike was just demoralized and kill people. I know the competitor in you, you still went at it. But how was it dealing with the goat? Well you asked about to get some sleep the night before. I'm gonna tell you now. That's one motherfucker right there now. I used to go lay down and, and, and put my, elevate my motherfucking feet above my heart. Like my mom used say put your feet above your heart baby before you play him. It gonna bring some energy back to you. Left comfortable. So I used to lift my eyes to do damn what my mama used to say.


That's the only motherfucker I used to stay home. My wife used to be glad for that when Mike come in town. 'cause I really never used to stay home. My wife used to be glad when Mike come town say, oh this nigga here, look at his ass now because Mike is him now. He gonna lay his ass down now. Yeah because this motherfucker black Jesus man that way I call him man, the best player I ever played against, man. I mean, I mean I I I it's no comparisons to, I mean, I mean I I mean LeBron kudos man, you hell of a nigga man. You got your son damn drafted. Nigga. That shit's weird.


I mean, but I Hey man, if I could do that shit LeBron nigga, I would do it too. I fuck that shit nigga. I ain't mad at you though. Keep that shit going boy. What you doing? You running the damn lead. What? I'm just saying, what we just talking about? I'm sorry? You talking about Michael Jordan. Okay, Mike. Yeah, I'm, I got you. Okay. Thank you. Thank You. Thank you. I got you. I had to throw that shit in there Because Shit, I got a son coming next year. Yeah. And the co I'm gonna put him in the goddamn combine. Yeah. It was more than four points. And God, I won't goddamn listen, get him a shot of this shit because shit, and let's see if we can get drafted number 55. Shit, one of them motherfucker picks in the second round.


Fuck this shit. I'm just saying man, I just want that. I mean, but I'm back to Mike. Yeah man, Mike And Mike was the best player ever, man. Like that motherfucker spun on me one day. And, we was in Houston. He spun on me. I was like, oh lord that bitch, that bitch is like, he's like disappeared and shit. This bitch like, it's like he was like, this bitch just disappeared. This bitch spun on me. So this bitch was so gifted, man, this I'd never seen. He's so strong fast and I mean can handle and I don't think his handle was that good. I think his hand was so big that he used to lose that shit. And he'll grab that bitch with his hand was so he got big hands all us.


Yeah, he got, he was grab that motherfucker. He and but, but man, that man spinned on me and he and he took off and you know that damn jump man on the bottom that I was, that motherfucker rat my, And Then I was like, I I, I laughed at it. I laughed 'cause I took off and ran down the court. I, because I knew the nigga had done, I knew it in there. I knew all, everybody in Houston was like, oh shit, they used to come see the dunk show before the games. And I knew, so I knew I just took off running leak out and he, and he came back, he came up behind me and the nigga hit me on my ass. I say, oh no bitch ass don't put your goddamn hands On me nigga after that bullshit, Don't put your motherfucker hands on me, Mike, nigga, I bitch I'll beat Your motherfucking ass nigga Now I love this game, bitch ass nigga don't put your goddamn hands on me, nigga.


So I just, I just say But Oh Man. And then that's when y'all see it's like everybody see this part we were back face to face. So I was like, man, but that don't touch me nigga. You the best nigga I ever played against. Nigga don't put your goddamn hands on me though, nigga go, nigga I hate guarding. You say, Oh, but yeah man, that's, that was, that was, that was like, that was shit man. That was another fucking, that was some shit right there Mike. Man, that guy was unbelievable man. Oh man. To be 1000 man. I mean I I I I'm just glad I was able to say shit and everybody give me homage but shit they don't give like motherfucker.


I was just following that motherfucker down in E lajuan. lajuan was the best defensive player of the fucking league for fucking back in them days for three, four years in a row. Defensive player of the year blocking everything. You know he don't give a fuck if he get dunked on, he don't give a fucking mike coming there and dunk on him. Shit. I'll funnel his ass on down there. Go on get that shit. Now I be out there waiting on the brakes, Shit. So that's what it is Man. Mike was the best ever man. Love you boy Man. Listen, this has been great og. We gotta do this again man. People where they can find you at, man. They gotta check out maxed out for sure. Hey man, come and find on Max on the YouTube Max Do podcast. All right, let's do it.


Appreciate you Max Love. Appreciate y'all. You know what it is. Club five 20, like share, subscribe, all that good shit. Be here and tell the people they can grab some merch at shop club five twenty.com. Baby The Volume. Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors Step into the world of power, loyalty, and luck.


I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse With family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you want to get Mixed up in the family Business. Introducing the godfather@choacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowing world of the Godfather slots Someday I will call upon you to do a service for Me. Play the Godfather now@choacasino.com. Welcome To the family, No purchase necessary. VDW groupware prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply. So should we go electric? I think we should go electrified with Toyota Electrified. Electrified means options. Yes, we could go all electric with a Toyota BZ four X, but then there are hybrids like Grand Highlander. Or we could do something in between like a RAV4 plugin hybrid.


So Toyota is electrified, diversified. Yep. And with more options for reducing carbon emissions, the closer we all get to Toyota's beyond Zero vision for the future. Exactly. How much coffee have you had this morning? Learn more about our Beyond zero vision for the future at toyota.com/beyond zero. The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer. Feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com.


That's visit myrtle beach.com. Vitamin Water was born in New York City because New Yorkers needed a drink that can do it all. 'cause we can do it all like walk 30 blocks and under an hour. Follow four of the city sports teams at once and spend all day in the Chinatown arcade. Drink Vitamin Water. It's from New York.