
Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one the old sent back and degree listen. And that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know women are more likely than men to develop dry eyes, which may be due to hormonal changes during the menstrual cycle or after menopause? And the use of oral contraceptives? Give your dry burning or irritated eyes a daily refresh with refresh. Optiv Mega three lubricant eyedrops. A preservative free formula that provides fast acting, lasting relief. Refresh. Optiv mega three is safe to use as often as needed. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop aisle at all major retailers,


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drug Spot here. Yes sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports, It kind of star studded a little bit. Man. We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen To new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast. The Volume.


All right man, we back of the episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm your host. My name is dj. Well same game with me as usual. To my left we got my dog, Bishop e here and out the Pearl. He's are you what? Nasty. What's happening brother? Let's get to it man. Come on man. Fresh off. Another successful Hendrick experience, You know what I'm saying? Holding it down out to the city man, they, they really do support me. It's been getting wicked with this weather. This, this last one Let me know that it's about to be a hot summer. So that's a fact. Bring your fans. I will be providing rags for this next one 'cause it is a lot of plus size women and me that being there. So that's a fact. You got the out Lia Dish towels, the merch? Yeah, I got the, I got the mech.


They from Walmart but You know we glad it, it's for a good cause. That's a fact. So as soon as you walk in you'll just be head of the rag. Don't ask no questions, just take it and go sit down Jeff. What color rags gonna be? I hope not white. No, they be, they'll be black. Okay. I seen the girl wipe her shirt with her face and it was brown so I told her I got you though. Don't worry about this next one is on me. You know wipe the whole face off. I was working the door at the last one. That shit was funniest. Fuck yeah, he sure was. He's the reason why about 50 people got there for free. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie. One girl open her bag to me. I was like nigga get the fuck out man. What the fuck? I aint checking bags, I'm about to reach in here and get something.


I was like, I eat checking back. She was like, well you standing here like security. Like nigga it's hot. The door keep going in. Go get my ear motherfucker. That's one thing people outta pocket Power Pocket. Excuse me. We call you a podcaster now. They call you security bro. Yeah bro. I was like security, what the fuck? He wanted to sit there right behind where Bri jail is. So he, that's my real estate in that buildings. Swear the door and I, I keep my drinks up there shots. I don't know why y'all always go right there though. Go. It's the coolest place in the place bro. Y'all can go to the bag where my uncle them be. Can't say nothing. Respect you see everything right there. I see everybody aint went off back there. I see everything. My, my head on a swivel there, up, up, up, up.


He came here with somebody up. Oh there go baby mama. Oh might getting arrested. Yeah, I just be, I don't know what boy zone at this last experience. Boy it, it was dangerous in that motherfucker. So I'm glad everybody made it home safe man. Hopefully Georgia Street was lit afterwards. Hey man, shout out to the culture bartenders man. They made sure that everybody has a good night one way or another man. Yeah. Shout out to Aren. Once she pulled up on me man. Shout to Aren my dog. She was like, hold on, I came second on the drink competition. Oh shit. I shit. Damn what you mean? She like, I ain't got my shot on the pod yet. So that's, that's shout to Aren. Shout. Shout to Courtney. Shout to Tammy. Shout to Rashida. Shout to the whole staff man to be back there man.


Shout out to my wife Sierra. Sara. I said said you gotta ask BN while you ain't got your shot. I know you did. That's why I said out my people. I was like I dunno man I ain't hire the drinkers. Shout out to everybody that helps me make that You know a big success every morning. Nah man it is a good time though. I shout man. Shout to shout out to them dudes that came from Chicago. Yeah. Shout out to the homies who put him outta town for the Hendrick experience man. Shout them out. That's crazy man. I had to leave 'cause my baby was calling me. I hope y'all made it back to Chicago safe. Yeah they was a little shocked. They was like damn it got fat quick because they came in the beginning. I said bro just hold on. Find you a spot and post up. Pretty much. Yeah I seen it when they first walked in then me, I said hey y'all might want to get some prime real estate and I seen about 30 minutes later he said Aw damn you online?


I said yeah get thick in this motherfucker for sure. Nah for sure man. So still to my right my dog Young Nacho, young T got you. What? Chilling bro. I was under the weather. I'm starting to bounce back though. I lost my voice but somebody told me it sounds sexy. Shout to P. Okay Autotune T she was likemy shit in relationships to and she was like hey don't don't take your medicine today. I kind of like how that sounds. Yeah Die something like I just hope it ain't bronchitis. I was like hey she like you could die from that was like yeah or mono. I was a little worried about you. Hell nah nigga getting mono is crazy.


Hell nah. Especially as an adult. Get that nigga some selling boy. Hell nah. I fraud man. But listen, speaking of the Hendrick experience man, we got a dope, dope, dope weekend playing for y'all man. Oh yeah. Five 20 day on the way. Pull up to the city, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. May 17th we at back nine with it. Yo go to 8:00 PM live show special. Special guest. We going, we gonna hold that name for a little minute. We gonna take it back for y'all. Yeah we gonna have a blast for show man. We gonna celebrate with y'all. We appreciate all the love and support. Last year we did the first one, You know what I'm saying? Last minute we still made it shake this time we going crazy for y'all. 17th. You got back 9 5 20 day and then that Sunday the next day we got the Hendrick experience. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Tap in tables are available now.


Yeah don't sleep 'cause they will be gone. Yeah by the time y'all see this, I might only have a few left which I already do but at bag nine big big guests we not capping. I promise you. Nah this is for real. All y'all girls so y all the ladies y'all are going love this one for sure. Yeah I had his poster when he was a y'all with some jis? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then it's the drink specials, it's going down. I'm personally putting Barbie black ass to work. She's gonna be walking around passing, passing out mocktails cocktails, You know what I mean? Lemon drops everything. So it's going down lemon drops with sugar on the rim for money. Yeah that's just the pre-game, You know what I mean? We gonna get lit hopefully back now.


Let us stay if it get, You know the party gets jumping. Hopefully it let us stay and rock out a little longer but come on quarter the eighth right now. Yeah man we gonna turn this up for y'all. We appreciate all the love and support man. Pull up and celebrate five 20 day with the game for sure is four to eight back nine. Shop club five twenty.com because we also got a dope capsule dropping. We don't run. Shout out to the game. We can say that. I'm since already. No you can do. Okay. Shout out to the game. Shout to. We don't run man gp. Mike Gilleys my dogs man. We got dope Collaboration dropping Shock club five twenty.com. I told y'all we going crazy this year with the merch man it's up for sure. That's all five 20. It's free to get in right? Yeah it's free to get in. Free to get in.


Pull up on us man. Yeah, no complaining ticket Shop club. You gotta get your tickets but you gotta lock in though. You gotta lock in. That's all you gotta do. You ain't gotta pay but do your due diligence, You know what I'm saying? We gonna hold y'all down anyway and don't text me and say where I get some tickets from. I'm not gonna answer. Well they gonna do that so just hit me y'all. It's fine. 20 com Yeah yeah Shop club five 20 do com. It don't cost you to go get a ticket off shop club five twenty.com unless you wanna be VIP but if you want VIP you wanna sit next to the, these guys ain't no we gonna be too hot on me. On me. Y'all are doing so if it's hot, if it, I know y'all see me in that don't come by me. What them fans don't sayt we can flick up.


Hell nah. You see my motherfucker forehead shine get the fuck off. Hey the funny part is we need the rags for that day too. I got Don't worry bro. You have to merch 'em out man bro too bro. We loading up. Yeah the P Pablo towels all weekend for sure. I need one in my back pocket. Yeah and one in my hand. I had had to bless my boy at Dreamville. He was going through it. It was, it was rough. I'll never forget us walking through Dreamville. A homie was laid out on the grass with the black forces on the white laces. I don't think that was from the festival. Whatever he did before the festival is what made him tired. That nigga was out cold too and it was 88 degrees. I ain't never slept in no heat like that. I ain't never slept on nobody grass. Yeah. If I ever got sleep on grass, that's, that's very valid. I think I'm gonna start robbing if I got sleep on grass.


I always thought about that with homeless people too. How y'all sleep on this concrete bro? This yard bro. Bro, You know what's funny, I still think about our old episodes because they're so fucking hilarious. You asking Jeff how's the nigga halfway homeless is still one of my favorite five 20 moments. Yeah bro. Because I mean he, he overthinks us shit and puts bullshit scenarios together. But either you are or you ain't. Shout super happiness man. One of my favorite debates man. Man can't just be halfway in it bro. Man came bro, lock in for sure man because I would never sleep under a bridge bro. Bro. Some people, they don't have options. I'm not doing this. That they do. Listen, listen, when you homeless for real y'all, when you homeless you have your whole city that you're in.


Why it is it, it's like damn YouTube don't know but where we had our black expo, the free concert at? Yes sir bro. All that yard bro. I'm not sleeping on no concrete bro. All that grass bro. Bro they call the police to say you can't sleep here. They sleep under the bridge 'cause it rains and shit bro. Elements I'd rather lay on that grass bro. Let it rain. No it can't get no worse. I'm not fucking with him. Nah, I'm not fucking with him today bro. Thunderstorm on me bro. Nah, I've been trying to take off these nasty ass clothes anyway. Gimme a reason. No he ain't got no shit clothes. The tech man. Nah bro, they don't have also uniforms bro. They getting outta they live man bro. They closer in the trade. The close. Listen, I don't know to start the kid to being homeless, but I swear to God I feel like when most people are homeless they, when they have to get put, when they get put out their house, they take all their clothes with them in the trash bag.


So you have plenty of gear bro to change it over top things adminis because you can only take so many things. So you gotta have the essentials bro. I only can have Why three outfits? 'cause I gotta take Nah, go get in the gym bro. What's your homeless starter kit? What you, what you get kicked out? What you, what you taking with you? Okay, let's do, let's do a better conversation. If you had to take three essential things with you for your life, what would you take? Like a homeless starter kit is crazy. Just in case That's not Yeah, that's but that's real shit though bro. I'm taking all my shit bro. Shit does get wicked. Of course I'm taking both of my phones. I'm taking, not gonna have my phone. It's quiet bro. I'm taking all my clothes, all my shoes bro. How, how you, how you getting around with it? Listen, I, I really, and I hate, I love y'all bro.


'cause y'all smarter than this. When your first day of being homeless bro, you literally have everything but the house. You got your car, you got everything bro. Get yourself together bro. Put together a plan bro. Pack all your shit up bro. Park at your, that's why I'm like, damn homie, what y'all do on y'all first day out, bro? Y'all just left everything at the house. You don't think they tried to sell their car before they left their house? Yeah, they lost the house. Yeah bro, the phone pop is turned into a, a ounce bro, bro, crack. I'm, I'm not about, I'm not about to be homeless and sober. Nigga, you crazy. No bro. This, I'm keeping my car bro. I'm selling this car for 1500. I'm trying to keep my house bro. 1500.


You're a loser. Mean I'm saved my house for another month. I mean, what you want me to do? No nigga. I'm sleeping in my car bro. For you to sell your car and then go sleep under somebody under the nearest bridge. You're a fucking loser. Why would you, why would you sell your car to do that? Because you can't. They gonna tow it anyway. I'm gonna put all my clothes, all my shit in my trunk. They car. They gonna repo their car. They gonna replay your car bro. What if it's paid off? Now you, if you got a paid off card away, you sell it motherfucker. For real, for real. You need a financial advisor. You pay card. If you do not have a house, y'all are going to sell y'all car to have some money and not keep the car and live in your car with I'm selling my car before I lose the house. I can sell my car for a month, months if I know this bitch is really about to go.


I'm, I'm keeping it with y'all Crazy. Well at least go get an apartment or a studio somewhere else bro. You gotta make a play. If you got a vehicle that y'all want niggas to move and get a new lease. That's crazy. I want people to have shelter. That's it. I just fucking, I can the car have some cash and lemme here a couple hundred. Lemme stay with you for a couple weeks. Yeah, you can make a play. Flip something. I'm glad I ain't, I'm glad I'm neither one of you niggas kids because we'll be fucked. My dad sold the car nigga we gotta go sleep on 38th street. Nah bro, we gonna have a house bro. We shower and shit bro to you see, see what happen bro. He had a play bro. Hold it. Stay down bro. And he made that flip bro. We up. Yeah a movie's only all ain't no, ain't no telling how long it really took that nigga to get.


Right. But yeah, sell my car bro. I have a couple. Y'all are selling y'all car if y'all on one for shelter bro. I have to show my shelter. Yeah I gotta be able to shower and shit bro. Yeah, for sure. Respect. Where you shooting at in your car? Yeah, like you can't go to the bathroom bro. You running at seven elevens bro. Listen now you smoking your Friday. Listen bro. Taco Bell rallies not rallies. You can't use rallies. I mean steak and Shake Obvious. Hey Rallies has a bathroom run. Oh, steak and shake, Walmart, target so many places where you could use the bathroom bro. I'm still cool. How you, I just Think you inconvenience yourself. If you homeless and you homeless by you, not by no building, you not by no grass, you not by nothing. Like I don't wanna be homeless bro.


And there's nothing around me. Where are you? I'm still the point that you wouldn't sell your car. Like if you sell your car you can go get an apartment. You still can do everything. How the fuck are you gonna pay for the apartment because you just sold your car for eight vans you up. So all I need is three or four months to get back where I can get a job. Hopefully. Yeah it is tough to get a job right now but hopefully in three months you can hold it down for a little couple months. Well a homeless nigga selling a car for eight bands. You a cold motherfucker. Well you got a mouthpiece, you hear me? He fucked that new Nissan ultimately 120,000 miles. Put your pride to the side. T is unrealistic. Mike know that's bullshit. When you on ice you ain't thinking about no thousand.


I Think you got negotiation with me bro. Two bands to get out my face. Don't nobody know I'm going through it. Shit. This niggas are talking motherfucker. My, my first offer gonna be five bands. 5, 5, 6. I get two by six nigga gonna come back. Oh you can't go home 2,600. Ain't nobody going me. I'm gonna be dressed to a team nigga. We we cut that bitch in half and I got, and I got partners though, like I got shout to support system, shit like that. Shout to family. Fuck that. I ain't man hell nah. Yeah I'm gonna have an apartment. Hey nigga pick me up. Yeah we, we gotta figure it out. I lose my shit. I'm calling y'all niggas a I'm, I don't have, I know I don't have to worry about that. Yeah I'm blessed. I'm always don't nobody fuck with me.


My momma fuck with me so on me swear me I'm green. Yeah me, I'll be the uncle in the back room before I go sleep on the lawn in Memorial. So respect to everybody going through a situation. Get sure this ain. You know. No disrespect to nobody. I know this rough out here for everybody. Respect for sure. But yeah, gotta make a play when it's time to make a play. Y'all silly boy. For sure man. Hey man, we done had the interest of week so far man. Shout to Philly man. We had a good time in Philadelphia man. Shout to Gillian. Wallo a million dollars worth of game man. We had a blast with him up there man. For sure. Appreciate that. For giving us the game and shit. We ate a motherfuckers cheese steak. I don't even like that kind of shit but it was decent. Shout out Tasties. I don't wanna fuck y'all name up but on God, that was probably the best sandwich I ever had in my life.


I ain't even a sandwich person like that. But that oxtail cheese, steak gun smoke bro. Be him made the play, he made the recipe. You know what I'm saying? I just went with the brand and it was crazy. Yeah my boys trusted my judgment. I appreciate that. Yeah, anytime we're around the Philly area we'll be pulling up. Yeah, that y'all didn't get what they got? I got a chicken you got called the chicken fill it Cheesesteak bar. Yeah. Taste Cheesesteak bar, cheese bar tap bar. And please if you in the Philadelphia area, shout to the gentleman I do forget your name. I'm sorry bro but thank you for the meals and shit. Yeah we do appreciate that. I ain't gonna lie, I don't like the kind, I don't like peppers and all that shit but that was the first time that I, You know how y'all eat for taste? Yeah that's the first time I was like damn, this is what these niggas be talking about with the flavors and I like this shit all, I just don't like the texture or some shit though.


Like, like the onions and the, I don't pepper, I don't like Yeah the onions is cooked when they pull all the nutrition out of the vegetables bro. That's one. They the best bro. Yeah, but I don't like the flavor. Like when I and calories tastes amazing sometimes like when I bite into it and like I hear that crunch or that slimy shit. I don't, that shit ain't good for me bro. I was about to say something but y'all always saying pause but okay. Yeah it is pause I respect. Nah, I ain't gonna hold you. I excel. I ain't need even the biggest oxtail person. That was crazy. That is the best sandwich I ever had in my life. Yeah man y'all kept saying that. I was like damn y'all niggas about to. Yeah y'all I had one cheat meal and, and that was it. I wasn't supposed but I had to lock in. Nah for sure. Yeah boy.


Buddy's name is Kevin Doce by the way. Shout to Kev. Appreciate your nasty for sure. Kevin Doche. Yep. Shout to Kevin Doce man y'all please, please if you in a Philly area, tap in with him man. He got three more restaurants on the way as well. Yo. Now Malcolm asked me, You know, send the brace up on camera. You know what I'm saying? Him and freaky Mike don't do this bullshit. Does freaky Mike have a camera first? Yeah, yeah he's off camera. So Mal had to set the tone in Philadelphia, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Put they put the content up, the real ones, You know what I'm saying? So who won for real Eminem battle. Let's get to it. Y who won the actual game? Yeah, Malcolm won the actual game. Okay. Okay. Malcolm won the actual actual game. Oh, games shit don't matter. So who won series games? What's the series record right now? The series record? Yeah. What's the series record right now? One. One.


So it's legit. Three one. It's a one. One. It's three one right now. It's one one. Damn. Alright. Okay so listen I will I I'll give it to him out. We played two games before the game y'all see on Instagram. Okay. He did miss a shot but I also did not guard him. So if that's a loss, it's a loss. I didn't trust his jump shot. He shot every time I said I basically let him shoot jumpers instead of the REM against bound. So if I lost, I lost from the play games all the way to the finals.


Now is the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase scorer. Ready to place your first bet? Download Draftking Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Make it a playoff for us to remember with DraftKings. Download a Draftking Sportsbook app and use promo code club five 20. That's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction boy in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio.


Okay, have you heard about this last year? Degree changed the forklift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled. One of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know age is one of the most common causes of dry eyes? Because we can produce fewer tears as we get older. Give your dry burning or irritated eyes a daily refresh with refresh Optiv mega three lubricant eyedrops. A preservative free formula that provides fast acting, lasting relief. These artificial tears deliver enhanced hydration that nourishes the eyes surface to help protect your natural tears from evaporating, especially crafted with inactive ingredients like natural plant-based oil and antioxidants and enhanced with moisture locking technology. This triple action formula works to soothe symptoms and prevent further irritation. Refresh Optiv mega three is safe to use as often as needed. Find your refresh online or in the eye drop aisle at your favorite drugstore, grocery, Walmart, or target.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. The message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgements but that's weird. Okay, one judgment anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan. Equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free with Dutch. You'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


Mike, you yo, he don't go before he he he don't go my I said before the game hit off. He said I'm on that with you today. He said I spare you the last session. No, he telling I'm on your heels today. Gonna bust his ass. No. And I said Malcolm, I don't wanna play. I did 20 miles yesterday on a bike. My legs hurt. Damn. I just, I just played three on three. Don't Think you wanna you Lance Armstrong damn near. Be careful. Be careful. Them allegation is different. Oh nevermind. I know if he got home the real, hey he really finessing real. Everybody was buying him yellow bands bro. Hell yeah. Yeah. Oh damn. That's he, he just little shit he deserved to take steroids. His nigga had to lose a testicle bro. Yeah bro.


If I lose one of them bro, I do what I won. Yeah bro. Him me. You still hoop. I don't, I don't even need mine. Shit you take half both of mine on me. Gimme me the steam. Alright. I don't have a follow up for that but respect. I was just saying last, last you playing the crazy boy. He look dumb as hell. That motherfucker probably smacking your thighs. Hear He what? What? Walking around with one nut bro. You lame in a bitch bro. Let's take both of 'em bro. Bro you probably still want to have kids bro. Nah, Russ like having one ear bro. Just fuck it bro. Take both of 'em bro.


What we doing bro? Bro, I wanna hear what you don't wanna have, you don't wanna have kids bro. With one test bro, you're done. You're cool bro. Just make sure this thing still stand up bro. Like the P Allegiance. Why you can't have one test bro? For what? Bro? You know how walking, how dumb that is bro. What? That motherfucker just swinging bro. Bro, I, I can't follow, I'm not even trying to envision that but like I'm just saying bro. Just being realistic bro. That's some lame ass shit bro. Just take both of 'em from me bro. But get well soon Wes. You know what I mean?


You making it work. Shit, fuck it child Philadelphia the last Arsenal. Man that's Jeff bringing these niggas I'm talking about He got one nut but y'all want me to shut apart. I say you could take steroids bro. He lost the test bro. Yeah, that's no good reason to be popping Roys nigga you just got a a fucking nut problem nigga. He had cancer nigga. I'm I'm saying it's a problem nigga. That don't mean I'm just saying bro. Shooting up with the Roys nigga. I mean I'm trying to get back. I was a professional athlete man. He was on a Roy's beat when he had two. You know that bro. You got that catch on the back end bro. Allegedly that 30 for 30 is crazy. If you haven't seen the Please watch the land. Armstrong 30 for 30. See y'all gonna clip this up.


All wrong please. Y'all clip it up because oh TikTok can't wait for John man. Fucking bro. Come on show bro. We got a lot to talk about for you too. Not Finesses. Who a bigger finesse? Him or Mion Jones. Oh him bro. Bro. Everywhere in the world he would bought them Lift Strong for land. Everybody bought that shit bro. He pissed everybody off. She wasn't selling shit to nobody. She was selling shit off. I mean he literally had cancer though. Like I don't see what the problem is bro. A nigga ride a bike from here to Nigeria bro. Y'all want me to be natural doing that bro. Fuck it. Come on man. That's why I be telling people like taking the shit away from Barry Bonds bro. He's literally the greatest baseball player ever. Oh me. He still gotta hit the ball.


You still have to hit that motherfucker bro. You still gotta hit the ball. But some people in baseball day before or after is so OD like Mark McGuire. Shit crazy bro. Yeah bro. But I, Mark McGuire started looking like a wrestler. He was so yeah bro you're cheating bro. Like boxing. Okay, y'all need to chill the fuck out. Yeah you might kill somebody. You could hurt somebody. Yeah. Yeah but I mean in, in the sport like I get it. I know you niggas is technical, you fake ass YouTube niggas. But bro, if I'm hitting a baseball bro, I'm just hitting it bro. Like it's what? It's bro I ain't hurt nobody. The only thing I have a, the only reason I got questions about Barry Bonds like why people hat him is 'cause excuse me, everybody was on steroids. Yes. So the pitcher was on steroids too so he was just better than them Niggas like y'all on steroids too.


I'm just better than y'all. And realistically the steroid air baseball was the best. Yeah that that Sammy Sosa, Mark McGuire, Homer Race was the dopest shit ever in I remember them video games was fire nigga. Oh God. I used to watch baseball when that was happening now. Yeah but shout out to Ken Griffey. I just watched the guy. Ken said he kept it clean so shout out to Ken. He did go yeah shout Ken Griffey wanted Ghost for sure. The old baseball games used to be super fire. Ken Griffey had a super fire baseball game. Yeah Homer Derby. Yeah it was some crazy shit man. M-L-B-M-L-B the show was definitely a fire game for sure. Yeah. I don't think that shit should be illegal in boxing though bro. Yeah. Mad and wrestling. You might Ivan drag somebody. Yeah they had to cleaning up and wrestling. Too many people was dying bro. Nah for sure bro.


That's what I'm saying. Crazy. And niggas start crashing out nigga start getting CT for wrestling. Yeah. So that's it for me. Shout out to the Roys though man. Yeah use em responsibly. Get well soon. Yeah for sure. Shout out to Philly man. We had a blast up there man. I can't wait to load that concert up. Yeah, the nacho Gilly 1 0 1. My clip dropping Friday. I don't give a fuck. Oh yeah you million dollars a worth game. Y'all better figure the fuck out. My shit dropped Friday morning million dollar worth of weeks. Me and Mal cl Drake. I already told him. Yep. I told Wallo he just sent, You know what I mean Thumbs up because I know they got some shit y'all. They about to, You know when that shit dropped some shit up Monday. Oh. I can't wait till we see the edits, the edits of us actually playing basketball and what they gonna put out is gonna be three totally different things in all of it.


That was, that was a fire ass one day trip though y'all. I ain't gonna cap that was, that was solid. Nah, we had a blaster for sure. Man. I had fun. We sound found more details about the love prank situation. Right. So it end up being, You know what I'm saying, the Falcons coach, his kid leak the info. Okay. Bru find a team and him two 50 K as a find and then a hundred towards some person. Damn. If your kid make you lose a hundred bands, how you, how you respond when you get home? Be here. Ah, we got it back though. That YouTube went up. I I, I'm mad at my son. I mean I'm a coach so I, I got some paper. I mean I ain't saying a hundred thousand I ain't shit, but I mean it was a good one son.


I can, I can only do so much to that's a, that's a good Yeah if I didn't have nothing to do with it. But I'm gonna tie you up for sure to that. Nah, you playing with my job and shit. Yeah, yeah I could get fired for that. Yeah I can get fired for that but I mean awesome. When we handle that, like I'm gonna say good joke Monday that was, that was cool. Now they said if he was in a black home that would've been a little bit different. Yeah I just, I I hate that had to happen to Yeah I hate that had to happen to Shado though bro. But I'm glad they got shit. Fuck him man. Find him a million. It is what it is. Stop playing with me bro. That's crazy. I just think it's crazy that he got that number. For real. That's never happened before so it probably happened. It just was, they said it happened to somebody else in the draft too if I'm correct.


Well nigga had a prank call. Yeah they said it happened draft too. Yeah it happened before it just to happened that it was Shado. He was dropping so crazy that made it like bad. Oh okay. Yeah guess 'cause he's so polarized and this shit. Yeah shit that's, that's insane. Yeah I couldn't have, could you imagine bro a motherfucker calling you and you Think you just got drafted bro that shit is the best prank I ever seen bro. Like Shado for him to still keep ignoring him and Shiloh and they had they parties and fucking with they family bro. I would've shut shit down right then. I'd have been done. That's why I fuck with them. Abdul Carter got prank card. Yeah this yeah. Which is crazy. Yeah see so he had Jacksonville trade up for you? Nevermind, see he probably, he probably shut it down after that.


All right everybody get the fuck out. He was at the draft though. Like Shado and them like kept it rolling. That's why I fuck with them man. Yeah. After day one get out ain't no more food. I don't see nobody. I holler y'all and I, yeah I couldn't believe he had another like gathering after that I would've been done and he went out. I fuck with that. Yeah we have a plan bro. Yeah I really hope they do well in the league man. He, he got a lot, lot up. He's up against a whole lot bro. He might get treated like Bronny. Damn he really might get treated like Bronny this year. I think he gonna get more love than Bronny. Think so because people know he was good and like to know that he got, he got dropped like that in that draft or whatever.


People gonna like champion it 'cause he gonna be on the bench and they gonna be like push Shado and I Think you gonna get more love like Bronny. People think LeBron people didn't think Brony was good. I got what you're saying. You know what I mean? Like yeah he was actually good. Mm I'm rolling with that. Yeah I just don't, I mean mean Bronny still had a coat following though. Yeah I'm just saying I hope Shado has a amazing season. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah if he had a bad, see I don't want them to, You know what I mean? Oh but that's the be that's the beauty for getting drafted in the fifth round. If he have a bad season, shit he supposed to, he was a fifth round pick. Fuck it. Yeah, but I'm saying like how Bronny they like this nigga is whatever picking a draft and he getting talk more than the Warriors. I mean the Washington Wizards pick but that shit was tough bro.


Yeah I don't know for sure to his point they was talking more about him because obviously he bro's son. Yeah but they was saying that like he get talked about more than him and he can't hoop this nigga can actually play. And I ain't saying Brody, Brody can hoop but I'm just saying that's what everybody what the media Right. He only average four points at college and all that shit. Whatever. But shit this nigga actually nah, he actually produced. Yeah I need a number two Browns jersey. Get it on man because train to camp it might get wicked man. Alright man. It's time to have some fun be here. What's up Barbie? What we doing?


Barbie said damn. She done fell asleep. Oh yeah motherfucker got a hair done. Hey ooh you got a RET twist? Okay turn you up? Yeah you got a Retwist. Okay Black brother I love you. They play Tonio Salon rrp. They was actually watching Miss like bad girls. Oh damn. You go to the trash. What you, what you be watching? Not That shit. You don't watch Baddies Yell fight, Shout out to the ze network. Oh man what the fuck do you be watching then? Hell now dinosaurs and animal shows.


Now what happened when he go to sleep? What you turn off? I watch Slate. You said that's not a ball X. You pull up the shorty crib and she watch a dinosaur thinking I don't leaving. Yeah, I'm not trying to watch living before Tom. I'm trying to cook. She said when her son leaves she turn on X something. Oh Damn girl. Cut on Love with hip hop. The first season I've been watching like crime stuff. Oh Lord Jesus Barbie first 48. Not Like that. Like law and order S. Okay. Yeah I like that. I never, I like that new season. I'm starting now. I I'm on season two. What is that on season two you?


It's a fire show on Netflix. It's about a crazy white dude who be stalking people Killing Him. But he be wilding though. Look at her ain't killing though. I'm on season two. Shout to love too for the last three years. Nah you I can't watch that shit. That nigga burn some sage. Y'all motherfucker out. Why the fuck are you still man? Nah, it ain't crazy. Yeah, I'm cool off niggas like that. I like that show like bro why are you stalking these women? Yeah bro it, it gets even more ridiculous because at some point they start stalking him and then shit just get out of pocket bro. Yeah. Then he, his wife girl started joining in one day. I just skipped ahead now she killing people. I'm like what the fuck. Yeah bro. That's when I went back and like I'm done with the show.


Yeah you skipping the season for an entire year and coming back. It's crazy. Yeah. I gotta see, I'm one of them dudes like I don't, I need to tell me the ending of shit and then I'll go see if I wanna watch it. Like you wanna Know the ending. Yeah, that's because they let me know if I wanna watch this shit or not. Mm Yeah that's crazy. You brought up a classic law and order. I'm gonna ask y'all what your comfort show at no matter where y'all at, if it's on TV or a channel you like, especially if you're outta town like I'm tapping in it depending on what hotel we in, what You know some of our hotels that might book us now don't have cable. The last one, what the fuck was that? Yeah, we went to this ancient ass hotel nigga we got in, there was a fucking jukebox box. No shade the mic but it was a red Jule box with a TV in it.


The fuck is this? The elevator had carpet and that's when I knew shit was gonna get real dicey. He gave like New Orleans or my favorite city. They would never do no bullshit like that. Real freaky new about it looked like a clown was gonna pop out. Swear to god bro. A swing. Did Y have a dog? Your ear? Excuse me? Did you have a dog looking your ear? It was like a dog print on the chair like a little nigga. It had carpet in the, it had carpet throughout the whole, that was your suite. When I knew I was, that was a sweet, that's little. I took a shower with my socks on bro. You, you are not in jail. Stop living like that bro. I always do that anyway. But it wasn't a nasty hotel. It was just I taking a shower with socks on.


I put tee towels down. They ain't have enough towels in that one room so we was only there for, so I just kept my socks on. Tell 'em about that one washed up and I take it off, washed my feet, put the towel in there, step out. You were home bro's. Not house. I know housekeeping hated you because we was only there for a total of four hours. I'm about say we didn't, I didn't even pull my bed back. I you just lay in the bed for a little bit kicking. I ain't even do that. I wasn't laying in that bed. I sat on the edge of Sydney that moment I got there. I said yeah I'm flying home. Yeah we gotta figure this out. It's always funny because in the group chat, that's when Jeff get active. When we let up he hey yo, what we doing? Swear to God No. Hey You know it's crazy.


I said when I first got there I said this how up tell's fucking ass my mama. That's the first text message you sent. So nigga was barely in his room. Y'all niggas wouldn't even, y'all wrote who? No I wasn't. I saw this was about to be a day so let's gone where we supposed to be because this nigga might have a attitude. You know I was like fuck this shit. Who was the person at the front? Oh that kind of threw me off because was definitely, it was black, it was a Mexican, it was a white guy. Culturally diverse for sure. Yeah it was a D front desk so I don't know but so go back. Sorry to throw Mike under the bus. I don't know bro. I don't really watch TV like that. But if I do watch a show it's probably some old shit like Martin or something.


Laguna Beach. Some shit like this Got yours is SVU the alarm order. That crack for sure. Y'all watch too much serious shit. For me. Mines is HGTV. Oh I can watch. I fuck with that too. House Hunters, any of that shit. Yeah see I'm the food network. If it's man versus food or something like that on I can tap in. But if BET got a Martin or a Fresh Prince Marathon, I'm locked in. I don't care what I'm doing. Don't care how many times seated I'm, I'm a tap in Barbara. When you have company, do you watch like chill shit like that or is it Oh okay. Okay. Play all away games. Respect. I used to away games means you pull up people can't pull up on you. You put on them. I really, I'm tell you I really be chilling bar you y be I You always on the roll with it.


I really don't. I tell y'all I've just been being a mom. I'm so boring. That's good. You know it's good. Lil man gonna have to get older I guess for the slide. Mama got have a life too. How son? Y's two. Oh yeah? Yeah. Sit down five. You back in the streets? Yeah, Five. Yeah She said Barby still looking for love. Y'all we still working on that show. Don't get it fucked up season one on the way. Yeah we going. Our first thing is pop the balloon with Barbie though coming song and you only get to pick five of the dudes. We get to pick the rest. We get to pick 15. I Told you long as cha come, Nah, Chaz is for sure. For sure she can be a coach.


Me and Chaz gonna run that shit. We gonna have Deacon Wayne there too. Yeah, de Deon Wayne one of the contestants Wayne. Most definitely he's for sure respect that. Yeah he gonna rap too. Show out What's in the drink though. You ain't tell us what's in the drink. Oh so this is fifth flavor. Okay. We just have a mango Margarita cinco Mayo Year Black people love that damn holiday. Celebrate Juneteenth cinco. Oh yeah they canceled it here. I Know. Damn they canceled June. That's a wicked month. Didn't we just get that as a, that thing ain't gonna cancel that one month. Y'all say y'all don't get Juneteenth niggas go to work. Damn, thats crazy.


We'll be working today man. So we'll see you here right? Yeah come to work. Matter of fact let jump everybody. Everybody call on hen coat. Alright. Don't matter, don't matter if you gotta go to work man, sit down with that. We just perpetuate cereal types too. They don't want a watermelon. They don't want a watermelon like a grape soda. Matter of fact I want a hen grape. Oh watermelon Hennessy niggas are getting lost. Yeah, he's tapping back into his childhood and some chicken wing with a grape soda and a neck bone. I see y'all be And the neck, bone. Neck. A spare neck bone is crazy. Let a white person say that to these niggas gonna be ready to flip the table on me. Oh me, I'm losing it.


You can't joke. You can't joke on us. We can joke on ourselves. Shit. Neck bone don't get it fucked up. He said he wanted a neck bone nigga on the pistol. Nah, this drink far. I'm fucking with it. Yeah, that shit me this. Fuck Nah, I'm just playing now. I thought was hitting, You know about I'm getting ready to say is that why you start bringing that tray? Right. You taste it. That nigga got trauma. I sick like that. You Sound very congestive. I'm a little, lemme taste it man. Paul say need a a high tidy. I know if I had With the granddad, I ain't lie that shit we, It's a mango margarel. I dunno what else I can do. No I'm just playing. Let me stop with that. People gonna really think her shit right. No I do. I do like that one for sure.


No that it tastes like a Popsicle to be honest. Alright man. Five 20 day weekend. If you pull up man, you might be able to taste some of Barbie's drinks man. Yeah, she gonna put to work. Or you might get Barbie on a date if you, if you macing right? Yeah. Should what If we opened up the show with the pop balloon with Barbie. Oh my god. Damn y'all okay y'all always trying to smut somebody out. Now we cooking we and we can narrow it down to 10 guys y'all pull up to five 20 day. Y'all gotta be there early Barbie. Are you? We gonna screen y'all though. Look now niggas gotta start having consent and shit around this. Yeah, make sure I gotta wear cases do. Yeah. Oh okay. Yeah, she already said she was with it. It ain't mean this. I was about to say something but that's still under the bus under investigation.


But I was about to say this ain't somebody house but yeah we good though. Okay.


Have you heard about this last year? Degree changed the forklift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled. One of the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know age is one of the most common causes of dry eyes? Because we can produce fewer tears as we get older. Give your dry burning or irritated eyes a daily refresh with refresh Optiv mega three lubricant eyedrops. A preservative free formula that provides fast acting, lasting relief. These artificial tears deliver enhanced hydration that nourishes the eyes surface to help protect your natural tears from evaporating. Especially crafted with inactive ingredients like natural plant-based oil and antioxidants and enhanced with moisture locking technology. This triple action formula works to soothe symptoms and prevent further irritation. Refresh Optive mega three is safe to use as often as needed. Find your refresh online or in the eyedrop aisle at your favorite drugstore, grocery, Walmart, or Target.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kinda star Stu a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne For Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug Fans. Benny the butcher, Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine. Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz Car. Moosh. What we're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War Drugs podcast. Season two on the iHeartRadio app. Apple podcasts are wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcast.


Nah, but if we could open a show with that, that would be crazy. Y'all got it. We gonna think about it b damn while we thinking about it, let's just make it official here. Are y'all gonna come and try to date Barbie for the love of Barbie? But when we announced the guest, I think we gonna have a lot of women pull up. Okay. You know women date women get Well I gotta bring deep money. What's that? Hell no, my me. Yeah, you keep that nigga at home. Matter of fact, fuck all that. Yeah, fuck all. I was working the door the other day at the Hendrick experience and the little light-skinned stud came in. Oh, a blue shirt and you had a strap on on And the security nigga said, Hey man, lift your shirt up. And she lifted up and was like, what you mean? He was like, ah damn bro, you on that?


She had, I was, bro, I was in tears bro. Who did I tell? I told everybody she had a royal boots show on everybody that walked by me. I said look, hey man, motherfucker got a bull thingo. She can't bring her back back in. So she nah, nah, nah bitch, stay home. Don't come back. She had G she had a Gucci. See y'all be thinking I be lying about these hoes, bro. She wanted somebody work on it. She had the goofy strap. So I don't know bro. He like was like, I was like, I wonder why dude was like shout to the yo. The yo boy. The security young boy. Yeah. He like, lift your shirt. I was rolling when you sick. I'm like, dude, that's a girl. Like, nah, lift it up. Yeah, she showed her belt. He was like she looked like Mac 10.


Dig on me. Alright. I was like damn, hold everything. She had a, and she had a headband on. I was like damn she taking this bitch back. Yeah M So yeah. Leave me money the fuck home. Yeah. Be we what Barbie not be money. Yeah but studs are welcome though. I don't, we don't know which way Bargo. Hell But studs are welcome. Love to pull five 20 today. We, we all inclusive five baby. For sure. Appreciate you Barbie. The beautiful thing about this show is shit just go left so fast. Yeah. Shout out to Barbie. She come in and start the bullshit. It's on purpose at this point. I've been peeping, I've been peeping. The chaos. It's it, it's organized for sure. Hey, can we pull this up? It was a great conversation. Y'all seen I definitely, we should talk about this.


Who is the best player to never get a ring? Obviously it's kinda hard to make that decision. We could just name a couple people we felt like I'm saying that deserving this for sure. Got anybody off here y'all thinking of? I'm gonna just just say Tmac. Melo, okay. Tmac Melo, Carl Malone, John Stack and Charles Barkley. Okay. Oh you Chris Paul. Okay Liz. So far I'm seeing right here we got CP three. I definitely agree with that. Reggie Miller, Vince Carter, Vince Carter for sure playing that many years in the league. Definitely should have got a ring. We wish it could have happened. Melo for sure. Dominique Wilkins, that's it. I'm not mad at Dominique either. John Stockton cook them books. Yeah. Pat Ewing should have made the layup. Steve Nash Iversson.


Hmm. I would love for Iverson to have ring. Damn that's crazy man. I had a better career than them niggas man. Damn. Nah I'm just playing. Lemme stop. We about to clip the shit out that. Yeah but that's crazy though. A lot of the greats didn't get rings. I wanna see James Hard and Westbrook get. I was gonna say those two people right there for me is probably high on my list. Russ and James hard. I would love for them to get rings bro. Yeah. Yeah. Hall of Famers people did a lot for this game bro. I just think Tmac, I just say Tmac and I, You know how I feel about Melo and them game but Tmac was like, I felt like the best player in the league bro. And for him not to even pass the first round. I think that's the craziest shit ever. He did, he passed the first round. Oh I didn't think the nigga paid. Yeah he passed the Hawks and got past the first round bro.


Fuck no. I'm talking about when he killing bro. When he tmac. If you have a T-Mac Hawk jersey call the hol this nigga they ain't like you nigga. When he came to the, I had to carry that nigga T shit too nigga. All the fake the first team YouTube was gonna say that too. I'm talking about when Tmac. That's a fact though. Orlando Magic, Houston Rocket Tmac bro was elites bro. For sure. Shitty. He never got a run. Nah, TMAC was one of the cold to ever do it but everybody else was cool but they was never like the best in the league. Melo had a case. Yeah Melo was a premier player in the league for sure. James hard. Hell yeah, but I'm saying the best player in the league though.


James Hard Tac was like nigga Kobe was in the league, everybody was in the NBA. Yeah a lot of people for sure. Melo should have got one though that yeah shoulda got rookie of the year too. Yeah he that for sure. That's debatable. Oh bro. A sad ass team 25 and five. Yeah that is LeBron too. But they did make the playoffs too. Yeah. Come on man. This team won 17. It could be Cole. I would've been mad at Cole. Yeah So I definitely love Melo but I just think teammate that's damn for you to be the best in the league. Like they seen you the best in the league and you never even didn't have no real playoff run. It's crazy to me. Yeah man. Circumstances got little wicked for team so Yeah he, he got dealt with a lot of bad injuries from his teammates though.


Y'all getting hurt. Him getting hurt in Houston. Grant Hill getting hurt. Yeah that time I suffer him. Yeah, y'all dealt some bad hands. I think about that. Oh nine nuggets team a lot bro. Like if they didn't have to see Kobe bro. Yeah they had a whip man. They definitely did. That's one of my favorite teams of all time. They had a roster full of crash outs and I, I remember everything but I never remember playing the oh nine nuggets. Like I don't remember. Hmm. Like I mean I remember that team but I don't remember like the game we played them. Right. And I'm surprised 'cause like Melo was one of my guy. I wore my socks like that 'cause of Melo and I'm surprised I don't remember 'em. That's kind of crazy. Yeah, that is crazy. You don't remember that?


That crazy ass team bro. I don't remember playing. You had a way and a home game versus them niggas? No, no I don't remember playing them. Wow. And I was a mellow fan and I was like damn. Damn. Yeah they had a, I really don't remember playing Mellow in Denver. I remember 'em with the Knicks. Yeah. Hmm. But shit you had four points but I don't remember. Jeff had four points in 2009. One for nine. Damn. Damn. Where was at? You was getting them up? What you buddy? Shit what year was that? That's oh 9 0 9. November 7th oh nine. That's my rookie year. Damn. I at we must to get blown out 16 minutes. Oh y'all won a hundred to 1, 1 25.


Shit I must say had to be something. I said well you got 16 minutes. Shit you got some plans on Feel free throw four. My boy won for nine. That nigga was nervous. He was nervous. Nah, I wasn't nervous. Didn't think he was, he didn't think he was gonna get in. Oh yeah I knew I wasn't getting in. That's probably what it was. I shot two or three. My book got comfortable. He took nine of the motherfuckers on hit one. Yeah you was hooping. Yeah. I ain't never gave a fuck Molo gave y'all 30 Bil have y'all 27. I don't even remember bro. What y'all, what Joe Johnson have? Joe Johnson had 22. Damn what Josh Smith have 22. Damn. Marvin Williams had 14. Al had 11. Mike Bibb had 11. That's crazy. I do not remember that shit. We must have went out good that night.


I have never yet because I got to play. I definitely Right. I'm saying you had a a sucky statistical game but that was a good day for you dude. Oh hell yeah I scored. Yeah that was fired. That's crazy because you shit on that rookie year like nah that wasn't a, that wasn't a good year for me. Yeah. See that played into your career. Show them stats. Facts. Yeah part of the career. The second game you played Seven minutes, two points. One for one a little bit more Humble. We lost lost. We must be getting RSB. Yeah Y lost about 20. Nah DJ you right though bro That was a a irony team. A hundred percent. Yeah bro they got to it for sure. But it's crazy like you said in NBA, so many people who have historic careers and don't get a ring like the media over inflates that so much bro.


I had a cold career but if I didn't have a ring bro it don't mean my, my career wasn't shit bro means I just didn't work out bro. A lot of things have to work out for people to get championships. I really think NBA players only give a fuck what they peers think. They could care less what viewers, I mean maybe a little bit but when you get that love from the niggas that you actually went to work with and work against every day, that's more appreciated than, You know what I mean for your mental Yeah especially that's probably true. The politics behind it too. When You know the politics and what really be happening it's just like I don't give a fuck about this shit bro. The people know I know I was cold, I was cold bro. I don't give a fuck what I say about them niggas bro. This nigga people like damn Jordan said I was cold. Fuck these niggas bro. That's a fact. So yeah bro.


And you look at players like we talk about all the time on the show people who got paid Joe Johnson crazy career getting paid even like Tobias Harris crazy career 'cause he got paid and he still contributing like look a fuck what y'all talking about bro, I'm a legend at the bank and I got respect for my matter of fact shout out to Tobias Harris. I'm glad you said that. My nigga had to correct some shit for me so nigga I ain't never seen no whole shit like that. I said I just my nigga I fuck with that. So she was lying on your name brother. I fuck You know how You know how we ride for you on the show to shout to Tobias? Man shout to the game man. This is my nigga through and through. So we had a couple moments like that with a couple of you NBA niggas so it was just gonna have to be up about that. Somebody puts a s Smart on Tobias name man that's crazy man. Short line on his name but shout out to bro, good luck to y'all man.


Yeah we appreciate you for tuning into the show every day bro. We definitely big fans of your game. Hopefully we'll get you on one day for sure. Facts. That is funny when girls just start random nigga whole time random bro did random nigga because that's a random nigga he could have started some shit for no reason. Said you be all them dms. That's what he said. I said damn I fuck with him for lock in though. That mean he really paying attention. Yeah he was like hell nah I ain't say no shit like that. We don't play that. I feel that for just good say fool shit. Shit Avery you could say any nigga that shit serious. That's crazy. She did. She was lying on that nigga though. I like bro. What crazy bro. Yeah I think I was probably like 22 mm I'm old as hell now.


That was a long time. Time real. Yeah. I wanted to ask you this obviously at different times when you first came into the league how you feel like you would've Justin now but like social media and all this shit is so crazy now. Like how would you would navigate it in this era of the NBA? I ain't do shit. See the thing about me, you had to know me to know my real personality. Hmm. Like if you was on my teammate then you knew like man that nigga really just a fool. Like he really clown all day. But if you ain't know me you would think I'm probably mean as shit because I don't talk, I don't try to do no interviews. I ain't dapping niggas up. Yeah I ain't trying to be an limelight. I was there to get the money and go home. Yeah, do what I love hooping go home when I was at home whole fool.


I mean but y'all know me so y'all already know the whole time I'm talking shit. Yeah. Joking. But I ain't want nobody to see that side of me. I remember when I used to come down there to the hey nigga you didn't like we went to the club and shit but you ain't, you wasn't hanging with none of them rap niggas and shit in Atlanta was a to back then. Most definitely you wasn't, you was definitely nigga we gonna go out but we going back to the crib type shit. Yeah I wasn't for sure. I always thought it was weird that people like hung out with niggas that they ain't grow up with. I always thought that was weird to me like damn how you cool with that nigga? Like that ain't your man Like yeah but that was me being immature like I ain't realize like Courtney Lee said something to me that was really, really, I kind of stuck with me.


It was like yo, why you wanna hang with niggas and you gotta pay for everything At that time I was like, 'cause it's fun. These are my niggas I want to experience this shit with my friends 'cause we all grew up doing it. But then when you get a little older you start realizing like it is kind of cool when you go to the bar and nigga somebody else like I got that motherfucker s yeah like damn. So as I got older I started looking at it a little different but I still wouldn't change my experiences I had with all my friends like nah hell nah, nah for sure. And I just couldn't understand how niggas was like, like this rap nigga is my homeboy now. Like yeah, no he's not like you genuinely did not. I'm a vouch you did not for, I remember a couple times niggas inviting this place.


You was like nah bro we gonna go here and he is going to the crib. Yeah. I wish I was more, more sociable. Yeah, I wish I was more sociable but that shit used just be weird to me. Like I ain't no groupie bruh. But now that you get older it is like it wasn't even, they might just been fans of yours like you fans of that and they was though and it's like it is cool, it's cool to be a fan of somebody's at that time. I'm like now he was not a build a relationship type nigga. Hell now I'm like, ain't no nigga no network. That's a fact. I'm like, no nigga be like t like my TA fan. Nah hell nah. I I listen to your shit in private. I was like you fuck with that new type you drop. Mm Yeah playing that shit out. That motherfucker in the car.


It's just so fucked up now. 'cause like a lot of players like you see they personality be the reason why they stay certain places now. Like they no. Oh yeah I knew that drink wasn't good. Turnover. Yes. Fuck nigga it's waterproof that no whole shit bro. Can you wipe that off? Thank you brother. Come on dj. I'm good. Did you just hear this nigga Mike? Wait Mike, were you about the Clorox symbol? Damn I won't be at be at t. Said nigga Face gonna have Michael Jackson's spots on this shit. Oh I know why I said that.


Rrp. Yeah that's called, hey You know what's funny? Oh yeah when you got BillGO? BillGO? Yeah Flex Washer was talking recently and they was just like, Hey man, why you that Michael Jackson movie? He said niggas I owe taxes. He said if I don't leave me alone he said Bills were fucking dude, stop playing with me man. I had to do what I had to do. Right on felony. Right on bro. Yeah you a real nigga Mike. I always say that man, you a solid nigga bro. Shout to freaky mike man because I would've not did that shit. I Oh okay. I see a larger play there cracking that car. That's wild bro. About to leave this episodes of two new Xbox at the creator.


Little Mikey about to get right. All right. He say he wanna go to Kendrick. There you go. Speaking of that, I told y'all didn't me though, speaking of that, like You know like y'all got kids or whatever. What is it like when your kid, I don't know y'all finances like that or whatever. I kind of do but not really. Literally not much I get paid. Yeah, but what is it like when your kid, what is it like with your kid? I don't know how y'all's shit was before we started Podding, whatever. So I'm not gonna say it like that. Like I couldn't do for Y kids or something. But I'm saying like when you ask your kid and you like yeah I'm get that shit for you man. Like yeah man come on man. Like you Mikey want to go. Yeah, I I don't, I don't know if he watched the show or not so I oh okay.


He wanna go to Kendrick. He like, man you gonna get to see Kendrick. No we, we still would've went to see Kendrick but the seats we got, that's what I'm saying now experience very, very different. Yeah. Thanks. Thanks to Club five 20. Who was sponsored? Kendrick Lamar tickets. I personally can't afford them but they did buy my son tickets for his birthday so thank y'all. Appreciate it. But I'm saying like, what's that feeling like? Like even when you take your girl, like even like when we went to WrestleMania, I would've never bought those fucking tickets at right there. Yeah those was, You know what I'm saying? I would've never been in the building. Yeah. I ain't gonna hold you as much as I enjoy myself, I feel like I had other people fucked up 'cause we just walked so close and I see other people like, yeah I can't wait to get, I'm like damn we just pull this shit off, off the dribble. Yeah. Like damn, shit like that.


Like I, I be like damn, I appreciate those experiences but so far it's like I, I haven't done nothing yet. I can say that I don't, that I just, You know, that my kid asked for, I haven't done nothing yet. Oh. Y'all not using the power. I'm not the power but like the, the strings together, I didn't, yeah I, I didn't took, I didn't ask for it to go concerts and shit to take like pee and it's like, but y'all know that's my shit. Y'all know I do that. Yeah. So I, I really like you gonna do it either way. Yeah, y'all, I but I'm saying like, like ask I have not done shit yet. Oh. Oh. You gotta ask somebody like, yo, can we go to this so we can get and y'all go backstage like y'all be close as head like, oh I, I use all my networking capabilities. Granted before my son loved basketball so I always used to use my pacer finesse my job to get him stuff like that.


But shit ot, I was like, oh yeah Jeff lemme get OT ticket for the championship. Yeah. All my network we going to see Kendrick Friday and Oh yeah, just I, I paid for it. See that's what I'm saying. I would've asked. I mean you probably ain't got no no we don't know nobody. We probably know what You know somebody, You know what but it might be somebody that work with you. I did, I did ask, we did ask we we can only go to the St. Louis show though. He said he can only get us at the St. Louis show. Oh. When is this? I mean it's a little late now. I asked back when it first dropped. Oh, that's what I'm saying though, shit like that follow up. I ain't mean, I shouldn't have said like money wise, I mean like, just shit that even money wise, I really just haven't done nothing. Didn't have access to.


I've done all the cool shit with y'all. I think like the shoes and shit. Like not having to try for the shoes. Yeah, that's a blessing. I ain't gonna lie. My celebrity has helped me at some shoe stores. Oh you famous? Most definitely. Okay. My boy Pa Yeah my boy got a Snipes deal on the Low. We got, we gotta address up one day. I we know we got other shit lined up. Ain't nobody ain no deal yet. But the family, they they, they took care of Snipes does they bless me. Yeah. And my kids. So you for sure. Yeah. I just think it's cool like, like when we experienced shit like yeah we talked about like taking our girls families or whatever.


'cause some of the shit, 'cause some of the shit you can't really like even playing in the NBA granted I stayed in like some of the best hotels and went to try and did some fly shit, but this shit different 'cause I don't got no, I don't gotta do nothing. Like I had a job when I went there like this is a job but this is like fun. You had practice and I had practice like it was like, damn man we gotta do this shit. Appearance, appearance whatever like that WrestleMania shit. I'm like a kid nigga, I'm nigga, like you said when Stone Cold came out, nigga I'm down there buying shirts and shit like oh eating donuts. Like, I was like, I was 10 and I'm just saying them experiences is crazy. So I'm like damn, that'd be dope to like do that with, if I had kids I'd be like shit.


I told them niggas that. I said honestly the wrestling world, those are the most famous people I've ever like been around. I've never seen nobody, I've been around a lot of motherfuckers. I've never seen nobody react to wrestlers. Especially celebrities with status. Yeah. I've never seen that before in my life, bro. These niggas don't act like this at basketball games. Football games. Yeah. Like that shit is different bro. Yeah. You don't gotta be cool at wrestling. Yeah, you gotta be cool. You know what I'm saying? So I, I got some respect on wrestling. But yeah bro, I haven't, I really haven't done nothing yet. I plan to, but I ain't pulled that celebrity card yet. Alright. Best hotel we stayed at so far. I'm going somewhere with this by the way. Okay. Was it Dallas?


Oh was it Dallas? Was it Dallas? Was it the, in Dallas? I ain't gonna lie y'all. I like San Fran. Y'all. I fuck with the View Hotel. Fran. Hotel fired. Oh that's, that's me. What was up? That's me. That's that little. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Orlando. Orlando, Orlando, the, there you go. Orlando, Mike Orlando, the war off. We, we was here. The ward off the ward off. Shout to the ward off. And to counter that point, please go watch our episodes with Ewan Moore and Todd Gibson and then you can let know how much you like that was in. So, but respect though. Respect for sure. So we had the opportunity to stay in Philadelphia and we could have stayed at the best hotel in the United States.


Literally the most eases literally everybody said it. It's literally the best hotel that's one in the world or in the United States. And these niggas chose the worst hotel in the United States. We're not gonna say the worst worst this Wallo. I'm not gonna say, I'm not gonna say we wallo, let's go. Nah, Wallo recommended it to Mike when we was on the phone. We doing, I just want, I just wanted to say that when we found out I, why really, I really want y'all to see this hotel. When somebody says, Hey, I got two options for you. Go to A or B. You think A and B are similar. Yeah, very close. Not A is the best in the world and B is that That is a far nigga. That was a Michael Jordan and the Shaq that looked like Michael Jordan.


Jordan. The price difference was 1500 a night. Yeah. Swear to God. Three. Nine. Nine. And boy, oh that hotel was three. Nine nine. It was 3 92. Nigga they owe us a hundred dollars. Owe us the whole thing. When you said it was 3.8 stars all my life, we could've stayed at the Hilton. If that bitch was four, oh we could stayed. Who could been at the Sheraton? Fuck easily Wallow said A or B. Nah, we ain't, because we chose we we trust Wallo. But we was probably supposed to stay at the other one. They gonna say the problem was that we found out we two of them on the same street. Guaranteed. It's another one that's going knowing how he is. It was the other one. Hey, I'm gonna say you. It was funny 'cause I, I left out for a second and the Uber took me to, I pulled up, I said this is not the hotel I'm going back into.


Oh, so what was another one? Yeah, they never gonna do business with us again. Oh, we gotta, anyway, fuck it. Oh well this isn't the sponsor segment Jeff. Just, You know, Philadelphia Four Seasons is the best hotel in the world. Clearly in the, in the United States. United States fif 1500 a night. We would love to come do a podcast there. Yeah. Hopefully we can experience that one that no where do we stay in Chicago? That was beautiful. No, Chicago. Yeah, my room was epic and Noble was crazy. Noble was nice. It's not fucking with Hey y'all. No, I'm telling Boston was far too. I'm taking my ward off thing back and I'm saying Boston was Chicago. What hotel did we say in Boston with Victory? Three. Boston was nice. That was my favorite. The Newberry.


None of them that that hotel was, none of them was fucking with that Four Seasons and all these hotels are premium hotels. They're not fucking with that. Four Seasons. All right man. Four seasons tap in man. We trying to do a live pod in Philly. Let's get it. I'm going, I'm going noble. I'm going noble in Chicago. All right. That was a vibe. Shout to D man. Shout to the team. What else happening in this world, man? Tar Easton and Mama. Oh yeah. Shout to my boys. She nah, she shot raised a killer. She said she raised a killer and she said he would start on the Warriors team right now and he would, I think Tar Easton would start for the Warriors. He would. I'll take him over Moses Moody. Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah and respect him. Moses Moody butt. Easton is a bucket. He been getting like 23, 24 minutes a game and he comes in and get straight to it.


One of the Cody talents in the league. Yeah, I fuck with Toi. My favorite part about it. She was on Twitter with it and dude came gave her some static, You know what I'm saying? Fan club shit. She said please show me a picture of you with Steph cur. Show me a picture of him. Him like get off his dick bro. My son's cold. Don't disrespect me. And we need more of that. We need more get backs on Twitter 'cause people be outta pocket Are are parents out of pocket right now though. But you already got Tyrese, Halliburton dad pulling up. You got, you got her tweeting people is our, is our like parents too young now like we are. Nah because I feel like Ty, Kevin Durra be on the same shit. She step on shit. Yeah but she do it from like a loving place.


Like even when she was talking to PJ, she like, I love you baby, but he about to kill your ass. Yeah she checking me. Yeah but I ain't gonna, if my son goes to the league, I can't tell you how I might be. I might be LaVar Ball re gets to the league. I'm talking crazy. I ain't getting on the court and getting people face. But I'm wilding. I'm team rap. Nah, hell nah. We lit man. You made to league. We made to league baby. Turn up. I'm just a different kind of nigga though. I, I just, I probably chill 'cause I understand. I understand. Growing up in like watching like AAU and shit like them parents tweaking out. It's kind of it shit get bad. That shit get bad that shit. And no matter what's going on you really don't want embarrass your kid had that life level. You That's a fact. I know he probably like damn mama.


Nah I mean You know niggas love they mama so she be probably like my mama riding for me but like shit, let me just let just hoop real quick. Yeah. And I don't even wanna be in a position to where I feel like I gotta defend you about another stupid because saying your mama tweeting she in tune nigga she's locked in. Yeah. That's different when your mama tweeting. Yeah that's the difference. Yeah I don't wanna have to fight. That's I saying all in the social media world. His mama prior age nigga we old. We ain't that motherfucker old shit Tars in probably what, 21? Yeah. I mean even if she's in our forties shit. Motherfucker just said they got 21-year-old. Right. We outta pocket. You right. I'm outta pocket. Most his mama maybe be 43.


Yeah because she tweeting. Tweeting is crazy But shout to your mom. Shout to your support system though. Nah, she down. Hopefully that don't just You know hurt you on the back end though. For real. Yeah because you don't want mama to start being known for that and then that gas her to do even more. Even more. Yeah. And that that'll fuck around potentially play with your money and more less. She don't want nobody coming at your mom. 'cause these people are are Yeah in the internet is down to a you have to. That's I'm saying that'll play with your money 'cause you a tweak out about your mom. Oh God yeah the mama. That nigga have a bad game. They gonna be like hey, You know they'll call 'em out. Everybody already screenshotted her ad they know her now so. Yeah. You know I'm saying You know they get outta pocket start calling her beads all type of shit.


Yeah. Now I gotta watch it Don't and don't like miss the game winner or something, You know what I mean? Oh yeah. Or throw a turnover. Get a Gary Trent turnover. Yeah the Mitch is going up. Hey nah for real though. It ain't nothing worse for your mentions is going crazy. You ain't posting nothing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the worst. I've been there before. We were just there. Thank God for progressing when I pushed LeBron. Well I I ain't even used to get on Twitter, Instagram, none of that shit. I wouldn't even like that. Y'all know me. Yeah boy. I used to open my phone up just to go scroll search motherfuckers look at some people and I start, I got off that motherfucker.


You are a bitch. You are the weakest nigga in the world. Sad ass bu ass nigga. Yo cut ass. I'm like damn, damn my Mohawk week too. Fuck you nigga. Then you pushed bro with the Mohawk. Nah, I had like the, I must say that's crazy bro. You deserved him toys bro. You was Wilder bro. You was wilder. I was wildly, I don't know why I did that shit. That was a time though and I thought the fans was gonna get hyped for me like even fuck that nigga man. They was like boo damn. Yeah hit him out. We sick of this nigga. I'm like yeah. I'm like Trey me down. I knew this was my last year.


I like boo yo support system trade on you. That was the final. The final. That's literally my final play of my hard bro. Are you serious? That's literally my final play ho's career besides when I came back is double zero. Yeah. That's how I ended my season. But yeah bro that is crazy. I did not know that Boo. Get this nigga the fuck off the court. Yeah we won Schroer anyway. Yeah. Oh God. Yeah. Get him off the court. He twigs nigga I wouldn't have a little mini surgery right after that. It was over. Nigga tweaked that me. Your final act is crazy. I did not know that was the final one. Yeah, that's my final act is zero in Atlanta. I went out with a bang. Literally pause. It's crazy. They gotta put you in the rappers for that with long bro last act.


Put your shot LeBron. Fucking Charles Oakley. Oh man. Y'all are crazy man. But listen, we appreciate y'all. Please tap in shop club five twenty.com. Five 20 day on the way to weekend will be fun. Be prepared. Listen, we only got limited spots. Don't be crying to us. Calling us about nothing. We don't give a damn. We not answering the ball and go get your tickets early 'cause I know how y'all be bro. Yeah, it live now. Yeah. So it's you it right now actually. So sh my sisters okay brothers, we gonna make a post about it? Yeah. Not it'll be in your face. Yeah. If you got. Yeah, no, because when you drop this guest, I promise y'all, y'all going. Yeah, it is going up.


Yeah. Modesto walk uptown. I know it's little like that nap. Yeah. Not this time. You were tap in for sure. Yeah. Listen, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back same time as usual. Light share, subscribe, all that good stuff. Be back The Volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year? Degree changed the forklift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know women are more likely than men to develop dry eyes, which may be due to hormonal changes during the menstrual cycle or after menopause. And the use of oral contraceptives? Give your dry burning or irritated eyes a daily refresh with refresh Optiv mega three lubricant eyedrops. A preservative free formula that provides fast acting, lasting relief. Refresh Optiv mega three is safe to use as often as needed. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop aisle at all major retailers.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast here. Yes Sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. It is kind of star studded a little bit. Man. We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen To new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm ready to fight. Oh, this fighting worse. Okay, I'll put the hammer back.


Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now, more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. Part Of the power of black queer creativity is the fact that we got us, You know, We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.