
John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show Ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nan Burker to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason De Mers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on La Tabla. Listen to NHL unscripted with Kin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. Is it a situa? Hold on. Is it ever a situation where the Hollywood parties, everything is? Why you asking me about Hollywood parties now? Because you know you Hollywood. I did not. I live in the country. Man. You don't live in la. I do not. I live in a, I live by a creek. I go kayaking. You spent 10 years, 15 years in Hollywood. I never was a part of Hollywood like that. Why you asking me Hollywood questions? I been okay asking me the question. What are any Hollywood parties on the up and up where you piss go have hor d'oeuvres? You have a good time? Maybe and just all of 'em are at two, two o'clock in the morning. Oh, but you get there two 15 though.


My mama told me it would be days like that. She told me, don't get caught up. She didn't say shit, but she said don't get caught up in Sha shit. That's what she said. And she said Don't drink and ya, I don't know. Here's the thing. Here's the thing, okay. Why do people act like they don't know what the Hollywood is about? Especially are you saying you can't expect a person that's not in Hollywood to know what Hollywood's about, but the people that are in Hollywood definitely know what Hollywood's about. The people that's not in Hollywood know what Hollywood is about. How? Because they hear the stories. Are we gonna be real? Yeah, let's be real.


All right. What you're doing is, what you're doing is not being honest. I've never been to a party so I can't tell you what's going on there. I can't tell you what's being served. I can't tell you the location. I can't tell you anything 'cause I've never been there. It would be dishonest with me to say, yeah, I know that's what's going on. All You know those Hollywood it I've been to? Mm, Careful. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. I've been in a situation. You have a right to an attorney. If you cannot afford one, one will be appointed to you. Do you understand these rights if you've been written to 'em? I plead the fifth.


I will just say this. I've been to parties. Okay. That I was like it was, it felt like a regular party. Right. And then I could, and then I also been to parties. I feel like it's probably a good time for You leave Or partake. Damn. I'm not a partaker. Oh, So you left It. It was one time. Did you leave? What you talking about? The parties. When they get crazy, do you leave? Did you leave? What was the next question? What About I stayed For 10 minutes, But that's what normally happens.


I Peeked in. But that's what normally happens. I peeked In Darnell. You know, Hey, I'm only gonna stay peekaboo. I'm only gonna stay for 10 minutes. You know? You ever go to a party? Hey look here guys, we only gonna be here for 10 minutes, right? 10 Minutes. 10 turn to 30. 30. Turn to an hour, hour. Dare you there all Night. Alright Shannon, what do people go to Hollywood for? What do people this? I just find it hard to believe and I am not 'cause people Oh my God, you're saying? I just find it hard to believe that as long as Hollywood has been in existence, as long as all type of crazy shit happened, I just find it hard to believe that ev nobody know that when it's about to start popping.


Oh, is it a situation that because Hollywood, Can you take your, change your voice. Okay. What do you want me to say? You Got a to catch a predator voice right now, that man go drink another drink. Go back to funny voice. Nah, I don't wanna hear that shit. No. Fuck nah. Put some dramatic music behind me. Shit, I ain't coming here for that man. I ain't coming here for that. Hey, you Have to talk to CJ about to score this. Go go. I already know what it's gonna be. Slow motion and everything. I know what it's gonna be. But maybe it's a, maybe it's a situation Hollywood like a lot of times was, it was our counterparts that had these type of parties. I count About white people. Yes. Yes.


Now it's been alleged that someone that's from our community was having these types of parties. I think our people in our come in have this part. But they, this this is a this at a different Scale. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. He's at a different scale. I think our part is just like have weed. Yeah. Yeah. He got orgy drugs at his shit. Oh Lord. Yeah. Orgy drugs is a whole different, you ain't gonna never start a orgy with a blunt. I've never seen somebody be like this Yo. Who? What's up about Dick? First off of his block? Alright. You don't want to, you are so smart. No, No. I'm just saying. You know when a disconnect from me in this interview or not to you very smart. No, no, no, no. 'cause I know. 'cause if you looked at me at that moment the right way, it would've gave them impression.


You agreed. No. Yes. Or would've I would've Damn go. Nah. I'm just, Ooh. What Lord, that mercy, I don't know nothing about no parties. You Don't know nothing about no Parties. I don't know nothing about no party. Lemme ask you this. A lot of times you played Why people so obsessed with these goddamn parties. I think for the lo, I don't know if people really thought that. They probably have heard stories. You can't Even have a white party Now. Look what Diddy did, nigga. You can't even go see Frankie Beverly Maze now. Well rest so Free before I let you go into the freak off. Can't even wear all white no more. Well Michael Rub, damn you Diddy, Michael Rubin is taking over the white party now. Yeah, I don't, I don't.


So those pe those people in those high places, I just went just what? Here's hey, boys and girls don't come to Hollywood. Right? Hollywood is an evil dirty place. If you don't have any indication of what this, what this world is about, state of away from it. Right. Don't be surprised by anything. And guess what? Don't go to a mansion party at two o'clock in the Hollywood Hills. I ain't saying nothing's gonna happen. There's a chance of it. And gotta let these motherfuckers know. Don't be naive. You can't be naive. Nobody wanna talk about that. You don't wanna say what you could do to prevent this shit. So it's a tough thing. There's like you say with this, damn if I say this about it or say that about it, but I do know Hollywood is a evil place.


This job is evil entertainment, acting the whole shit. I got a 9-year-old son that was talking to me about entertainment. He was like, daddy, I wanna do entertainment. And the first thing I did, any guy would be like, oh, he wants to follow my footstep. First thing I told my son was, you know, 95% rejection. They're gonna be hating. People are gonna be negative. It's gonna be hard. You gonna get a lot of door. This is what I told him. Right on. You can get a lot of doors slammed into your face. I was like, if you were built for that, then maybe why would you wanna do it? Try to discourage him. He said, daddy, 'cause you inspire me. And I wanted to tell him, did You see that photo? No, that's double the disrespect.


No, no, no, no. I'm not gonna let you continue. Can I, can I get some water? Can I, no. You want some water? No, that was filed. Yo, I looked you in your face and said my 9-year-old son, you blocked all that shit out. No, no, no, no, no. You blocked all that shit out. You ain't say, oh, you blocked all that shit out. You the type of would show my son that picture. No, no. Yes you would. I would. Yes, you, you would. Yes you would. No, yo, you I would do, I would do That. You think your, your father used to be as, look this a picture of him with baby all this.


He, that's what you'll do. He never, He never, he never, he never saw Ashley, Larry. No, he, no, he, no, he know Ashley Larry. But I'm saying you don't think you owe me an apology For that? You just said in the moment, I'm giving you a tearful, a serious moment. You serious? You didn't think I was serious? Mm. You I going back to the joy of my life. Okay. Alright. You want to give my son childhood trauma? I looked and I said, and he said, I cannot believe, I don't believe you.


Why you don't believe me? I did tell my son this. And he said, daddy, 'cause you Be be no, no. Be truthful. You being 100 honest right now. 100% honest. Okay, let's go. You already it Up. You talk about let's go rewind. You already blew it. Okay. Didn't see the picture. No. What I was, what I was trying to tell you. Okay. Is that my, I I told my, what I was trying to tell you, okay, before I was so disrespected is that I don't encourage, I don't encourage almost anybody doing this, being in this business if you don't know how up it is. Right. You have to know now. You wanna do extra serious now? No, I, but look, I think the thing is for my, I mean I think all of my kids, I think for the most part, normally like when doctors have kids, the kids, like a lot of times you admire your parents, did, you know, did become a doctor or you become a lawyer, right?


If you're a professional athlete, you know your father, kids see their father play football, basketball. That's what they wanna become. So I'm not surprised that he wanted to follow in your footsteps. Okay? But before I was so rudely interrupted. Yes. I didn't wanna discourage him from following my footsteps, but I said, you Dead. Can I finish my thought? This is my life and my son. Man, what the fuck? Alright, go ahead. Go ahead. I tell you, but you did try, but you did try to discourage him. Let Me Finish. Okay, go ahead. I said, I like the idea. You like what daddy do, but why don't you focus and you're gonna hate this. What? Why don't you focus on being a funny doctor or a funny lawyer?


But this business is very evil, right? Any woman that's thinking about this, yes you can get it. Yes, you can be successful, but this was, I'm not saying it's gonna happen to you, but it's gonna be they try you. Right? We gotta stop sugarcoating it. Motherfuckers don do math. They don't do easy math. This plus this equals this. You don't wanna do that. Oh, why? I'm telling you what it is. Somebody said, this is gonna be very controversial. When Na, bill Cosby was in the news for all this shit, somebody said, Darnel, but what would you tell your daughter? They was looking serious. Like you looking at me, right?


They said, what would you tell your daughter? I said, I would tell my daughter this. It's gonna be hard for you to take, if a man sends an SUV for you at your place in the hood takes you to the airport, you are on the first class flight. You get off that flight, you go to baggage claim, it's a, with the sign with your last name on it. Get in another SUV, go to the four Seasons with a 3000 square foot crazy ass sweet chocolates and champagnes, whatever, bitch. That's not an audition. And a motherfucker's gonna try to get you right. You can't say that. Oh, what are you saying? I'm telling you, that's the reality of it.


I'm trying to tell you, this is what I would say. I'm trying to tell you shit that men do. Right? So it won't be a surprise to you. Oh, I thought that he admits no, it don't mean that. It couldn't mean that. But here's equation. This plus this could equal that. And I don't want you to be a part of that equation. I would tell her straight up, and also I would be in my daughter's life enough that no man could ever excite her or do something that I can't do that could persuade her to do something that she don't wanna do. But when you start talking about real shit, everybody would be like, are you victim blaming? Say the reality of it. If the non-reality is not working, lemme tell you the reality bitch. Don't get on the airplane.


You can't say that. Oh no. There'll be people eating me up with this shit right now. Right? I don't have no career like that. But that's the but to be, to be honest, truth is, let's tell the reality. Even when Kat Williams did that explosive interview, everybody's talking about Kat Williams did not say nothing that people don't already know about Hollywood. Right? Where's the lie? Okay. There's no lie. But what is the truth getting you? What did we get from that? What'd you get out? Stay out the parties. You can't say that I'm wrong for saying that shit. And I'm want, I'm gonna be and my daughter's life enough where can't dangle shit and get her excited about that. But when you say that, oh, you can't say that When Bill Cosby says shit, like, you know what's troubling the, and I know people could, they could say what they want.


That fathers not being fathers. When you address that shit, you nobody wanna deal with the real reality. The real reality is, what the fuck are you doing? Right? The fuck are you doing here? You know, this is not it. And it is people that will get success in this business from hard work. Yeah. There's a lot of people out there. I don't wanna discourage anybody that has dreams to be an actress or actor. There are people to get it right way. And there's some people that's gonna suck a dick to get to the top. And there's gonna be a position for everybody. I'm not saying I'm hiring, but That's what happen. I, I'm not saying that.


And I'm gonna tell you, you know, who's really up about this movement? The real hoes. The real hoes are fired up. Oh, I gotta go to acting school. Fuck Us. That. I was just ready be like, wack Waka Waka taking a shortcut. There's options. Right? But I wouldn't care, especially on the female side of it. But I will say this, Shannon, one of the good things about all this shit that's happening with Diddy, all this shit that's happening with the Me Too movement checking itself, right? Like as wild as used to be. I'm not saying I'm guilty of a lot of crazy shit, but years ago, 25 years ago, I go to a set, I would have no problem saying, oh, you look nice in that dress.


Right. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You Can't say that. You can't say none of that. Oh, you look nice, I see you. Ooh, ooh. But now, and this is where I know the me too movement and this is the, the beauty of what's going on and the beauty of these guys getting caught in this shit is going to jail and this Harvey Weinstein shit is that now you, you, you see, you, you, you see it. Right. You Know what I'm saying? But the the reality of it, that shit is out there. Right. Lemme ask you this. Do you think people, because you were able to do this, because a lot of times when people are in situations, success of a Dave Chappelle show and you're, you know, you're playing, basically you're the robbing to, to his Batman.


You never Why guy be robbing. Well, Dave was the lead. So I ain't never been Batman in nothing. No, I'm just saying, I just said, okay, Go ahead. Go ahead. You already showed me a level of disrespect, so I don't even know what, what I'm just saying. No, I I already know. Go ahead. Go ahead. I mean, I mean, you, You okay? I'm robbing Go ahead. Yeah. Right. And I'm so lucky to work for Dave. No, No. I ain't say He gave me such a big break. He did. He Kept me outta those little freaky parties. All Shannon go. How do, how do you explain? I know a nigga about to say, so when they do they hands like that. Yo, when they do that Shit, it is coming home. Alright, go ahead. Continue sir. So, but How, how would you tell them? Because everybody want, everybody, I'm gonna tell what, let's go back. Everybody wants to be, because what you play you on Chappelle, Chappelle's, Batman.


Now, a lot of times guys like, man, bro, I'm tired of playing. I'm tired of being Robin. I wanna be Batman. Right. And they, you know, leave or they try to upstage. Right. Should more people be willing to play Batman? I mean, Rob, The thing is, the thing is, you gotta realize Robin can get on too. Yes. And then the black community, this is the problem. Trump, black community, black communists, whatever, we only think it's only one nigga at a time. You, it's only one person. You can't share the stage. I'm saying, even though I don't have a problem, some people are comfortable being on the side. Right. Some people, their ego, they want to be the star. I don't care about being a star. I care about winning. Right. And at the end of the day, I know, I know that I have moments where I'm my own Batman.


Right. But also know, fuck with, I mean, I'm Batman. I know being Rob right now, this is a, this is a good look. Right? Guess who I'm beside? I'm beside him. And people get to see me. I do my own shows, I do my show. I sell out the comedy clubs, whatever. But yes, it's something to be said when David has to be open for him. And we doing the arenas of 20, 25,000 people with some of the biggest name in the industry. And I go up to get a ovation before I go on and before, after. I know there's advantages of being a Robin, but I know that I have my moments of being Batman. But that's when you have to put your ego inside. You know what, what 50 cents on every platform. One of the 48 48 laws of 48 Laws of Power. What's that book?


Power Power. 48 Laws of Power. It's like, don't upstage the master. You know what I'm saying? You, you know what you, I know what my position is. Right? And when I'm, when I'm around Dave doing shit, I won't even take pictures with people. I won't even take pictures with people. 'cause I don't wanna give the impression that I know that's his space, his time, and I would have my time to shine. Right. People gotta understand that. And relationship with Ben Robin has opened up the doors. Comedy Central. When I did my last special comedy Central Robbie Pra to, they had already decided that they was going to give me a special, okay. It was already some talk about Dave producing special.


They had already talked, they was gonna gimme a special. Right. That was already in the can. But also, now here's when Batman and Robin relationship pay off comedy. Essential. If when I got that, they would've probably gave me, I don't even want to say the number was, but it would've been the type of number where I would've probably used half of that money on the budget to produce it. And I would've came back with a wbo. Me waiting for Batman. I got seven figures. Wow. That's a relationship that works. Everybody's not built for that. Everybody's not. And those people that can't handle it are the people that's usually envious and jealous. And I don't have no reason to be that way because I know Dave knows pound for pound.


I'm one of the funniest out here. Right. I don't care what you wanna say. I know that people ask me all the time, Dave Chappelle is your one of your favorite comedian. Ask Dave Chappelle, who is his in his top five and unequivocally he would say that I was a part of that and not because of one set, because of seeing me over the years, years seeing me in some of the toughest situations. CE at the Hollywood Bowl, when that place holds 18,000 people and they're late, it's only 900 people in that 18,000 joint. And then the head of Live Nation comes up, it says, Darnell, good news, bad news.


Well you got 15 minutes. Only thing there's nobody out there So you wanna wait five more minutes or do you wanna go down? I'm like, what the 18,000 people gonna come that quick? Gimme the whole time. And Dave said one of the greatest test he's ever seen. I jumped off that stage 800. Can you imagine what 800 people look like? And the 18,000 people I went off the stage, went to each person in that audience, ripped the shit. Everybody in agreement room come back up. Dave said, if I was teaching the comedy course, I would show people what it means to be able to stay in the pocket and do that. And this is then, this is, and this is when I say this and yes, I'm getting a little mad. Dave Chappelle did the outdoor cornfield shows when nobody else is doing shows for two summers in a row.


Some of the biggest names in comedy came outta that cornfield. Guess who ended the show every time? Me. Wow. So when people wanna talk shit like that, to me, when people wanna say, did your son see the picture you said in between Diddy legs? I tell him, I remind him. That's who joke. No, that's true. I closed the show. But did you close? But did he close his legs? Go ahead. But that's, that's just it. That's just it. You know, I know that I'm a funny guy. Right. I know that I've paid my dues. I know I have accomplished a certain amount of things and I know there's a lot of other things that I could do.


But one of the things I do know is I don't get caught up in the stupid shit that all these other communities talk about. The dumb shit. Right. Stupid shit. I'm enjoying the journey. I enjoy the fact I caught my own shots. I work when I wanna work. And also I also realized I'm a, I didn't go to college. The only really train I had was being a military police officer in the Air Force. I, and I built a career for myself where at the end of the day I could put my name on the marquee and people say, you know what? That guy's funny. I'm gonna go see him. Anything else that's extra? What's some of the best advice Dave has given you? Dave Don't really gimme advice. You really? Nah, he don't really, he doesn't really gimme advice.


Just stay outta trouble. Well he will say he, Dave has told me this, you starting to level up. So as you starting to level up, you gotta be careful of shit because they will come after you. But he doesn't really, you gotta realize Dave is the goat. Right. I'm older than Dave, but Dave really has respect for me. He has respect for me as a comic. So it's not too much advice. Right. You'll give him, and when we talk and like our relationship is not like our relationship. It ain't all about just comics. Yeah. Y'all ain't really talking about Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It's just like, y'all talk about life. Y'all.


People come, people come to me like, yo, I got this check. So, so I say, I don't even talk to Dave about none of that. Me and they talk about family. You know what I'm saying? Like we, like our friendship is not just on that screen. We'd have been to funerals together, we'd been to weddings, you know what I'm saying? When I had my first kid, you know what I mean? He saw the excitement that I had had on those tour buses and shit like that. So our relationship is not just about that show. It's a real brotherhood. Hold on. You live in Ohio? What the, What? You from the DMV, what made you decide to go to Ohio? I got invited to a Diddy party. No, Dave lives lives In Ohio. No, Dave lives in Ohio.


But I'm gonna tell you, this is what made me this, what made me think about it during the pandemic. Yes. When the whole world was shut down, the whole world was shut down. Nothing was moving in la you know what I'm saying? My baby mother was really getting in my nerves like, and at and, and at a very tough time when nobody was working. I didn't know what the future of anything was gonna be. And they was one of the first P person. He built a, he, he created a bubble out there. And it was in that time, that first summer, that, that time that I started really looking at like, what's really important in life and Hollywood shit didn't matter. You know what I'm saying? It was just like if it during the pandemic, if you didn't appreciate the simple things in life.


Yeah. Like, you know, being in Hollywood and riding past the playground with no kids there, all that type shit. If it didn't get to you and realize something else is out there. And I went out there, t Yellow Springs, spent some times in the country. I saw how simple that life was and I got it. I was like, why? Why did anybody need to be in Hollywood now? Do you think you could ever live that simple of a life? Yeah. And the reason why, because my life is so chaotic anyway. I travel so much. I'm all in so many different places. I get my chaos there. But when I go on the Elsewhere from home, you Wanna just wanna chill. I wanna look in the backyard and see a mother deer. Right? I want to eat some of the shit you used to eat like possums and turtles and all of that crazy shit, right?


Yeah. And that's, that's what it was. I was like, this is, this is the simple side. And I never, Hollywood is not Hollywood anymore. There used to be a point where the only way you could make it, you had to be in New York or Hollywood. But you, you're an example of you ain't gotta be in Hollywood to do any of the things that you do. No. You can be wherever you Want. That's what digitally, that's what internet that's digital is digitally has done. And then what it also is, you bring it to me like I do a podcast, whatever. I'm, I'm building the numbers on that, but I'm like, eventually I'm gonna get that to a point where, you know what? I don't gotta work as hard as whatever. Yeah. I better do that. But it was the simple life. It was that simple part of it. And then after doing it for over 30 years, it ain't too much shit that I haven't already done.


Experience that. You On the wild side. So you know, I know different birds and shit now. Blue Jays and canaries and shit like that. And I appreciate that shit. Now mean cardinals, canaries are not native to Ohio. What? Canaries are not. What do you Cardinals? That's the red bird. Oh, you a bird. Oh This Mr. Do everything. Yo Not nobody knew what bird I was talking about. You had to take it to the origin of the bird. Okay. I grew up, Ralph Gray was grew up ubon society. I grew up on gray birds. They was all great pigeons.


They go a canary cardinal couldn't even make it in DC They get jumped. You ever seen a color of a bird in Brooklyn? Never. No. All, all gray birds. Lemme ask you this. Yeah. You got some money when you first got, when you first got some, some good money, Steve, some money. Not when you look, I mean obviously any money you was making probably was a little bit more than you was making in, in the DMB. But when you got a a good chunk of money, what did Donne do? Pay back all the I owe yo I was on people's books, but I never, the thing is my grind has been just constantly, you know what I'm saying? Where it was no money to make some comfortable money to be scared about this.


But what the crazy thing now is I'm going through a transition on learning how to have money, make money. Right. But I never, like, I've always been like just, just Tina alone. But it was never nothing. It was never nothing. Like, oh my God, I can't wait to blow money. You Never had no throw away, throw away money. Never did that. Right. If I, I won't say throwing that I, I know this sounds crazy, but the best thing, the weirdest thing, and I'll get over this. The best part of of me making money is being able to help others and give other people. When I, when I was younger, when I was younger in the game, I was like, you know, money, what money is gonna mean to me is that I would be able to take care of some people and make other people life comfortable because where I'm coming from, there's not too many people that could go somewhere and say even as simple as like, y'all get what y'all want, order whatever you want.


Right. You know what I'm saying? But it was never, and I'm not like a flashy guy or anything like that. I just do just simple shit. As long as I can provide for my son, my family, I'm good. Does is money, does money mean different things to you now as opposed to say 25, 30 years ago? No, I've never like, been excessive. You know what I'm saying? Only thing I did, I I, when I was younger, I, I wanted to live like a drug boy without the chance of going to jail. Right. You know what I'm saying? I wanted to have a nice card dress nice. And just be, I wanted to be able to go somewhere somewhere and not look at the tags and not worry about money. Right. You know? And I built enough now that's where I'm at right now.


But money is not my, my motivator. Right. The only thing I look at money now is for my, the future of my son. Right. I had Marlon Waynes on about a couple of months ago and he said when he, he wrote a show, he and Sean and it didn't go through like it wanted to. And then Keenan came on and he made him write it 20 plus times again. Right. And I read that, that Dave made you rewrite your special three times. Yeah. But it was, I don't know if it was a rewrite, but it's so funny 'cause Marlon gave me some advice once before. He said, Donald taking you off and just write, you can write your future. But the Dave's situation was, we were, this was during the pandemic. He really was got close to my standup and he was like, I wanna do your, I I never approached him about doing my special.


Okay. He said, I wanna produce a special. He was just like, you deserve it. He came up with the idea of the home team. Me, LNE Earthquake, Tony Woods. And that was it. And we shot this special, the First time I did a stab at it, it was in Charlotte at the Fillmore Theater in Charlotte, North Carolina. Okay. But this was at the heels of the pandemic. Right. So it was just like the venue had covid protocol. These, we had to have vaccination cards and all this type of stuff. And we did the special and I ripped the special. Right. And I'm, me and Dave, me and Quake had announced our specials coming out and then maybe like a week, maybe, maybe two weeks after we made the announcement, Dave calls me, I was about to go on stage in Baltimore and he said, Donne, I wanna redo your special.


And like that's a very insulting question. It is. Yeah. Say to me. 'cause the first thing you think it wasn't funny. I said, just tell me how did that go from a standing ovation chest bumping Stan Latham to you? Now you wanna do it over? He said, Donne, I could put you in front of any audience and you'll rip it. It doesn't make it a great special. Right. Made a lot of sense. And you talked to a guy that already won like four Emmys, five Grammys. I said, I still don't know what that means. He said, look, you did a lot of Covid jokes. Netflix had turned away like half my audience because of not within the vaccination situation.


And they had the mask. And he said, I seen you do these jokes better than this. I said, I've seen you do jokes better than what happened on a special.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Na Burkin tell about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surround it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast. Movies, television, food, wrestling. Even the stuff that you wear on NHL now you Wish you could pull off my short shorts. Perky That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to N Hhl unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


But I was already under gun because when you, when you practice for a special, you usually during a hour Right? They was during Covid nowhere I could go and do an hour. Right. Only place I could do was 15 minutes. So what I was doing was I had four 15 minute shows and hopefully I bring 'em together when it's time for it. But when I listened to him and after he said that it made more sense, he said, we gonna do this, we gotta knock it out the park. And I was saying, you still gonna gimme my money right Yo, to check it already cleared so we could do it a thousand times. Yeah. That was the First time, maybe seven, eight months after that we were doing some shows in Napa Valley and we were backstage.


It was me, Dave Ricky Hughes who produced all his special. And he, Dave said, Ricky, how many cameras do you have here? She said, we got five. He looks at me, he said, do you wanna shoot your special? I said, when he said tomorrow no announcement, we were just going to roll the dice. Right. We had the cameras and I was excited about that 'cause I didn't have to do the buildup inviting family. It's a Netflix presentation. We was basically gonna do it with nobody knowing. Right. Caught another standing ovation. He hits me back, I wanna do it again. I'm like, what the, he was like, bro, just Go ahead and tell me what, what, what's up. Yeah. That's why I wanna say, but then he said, I didn't like the production.


I'm like, you produced it. But what it was, he's very meticulate when it comes to production. And the thing was, he, it was like people walking around. Yeah. Because we didn't have an audience person telling people don't go to the bathroom. Right. And he just didn't like the look of it. And I was like, all right. The next staff, staff, I was at the New York Comedy Festival and I said, let's just bring the cameras in here and do it. And that's when I think I nailed it. That's when the new day, the special was good. I looked good. People liked the special. I talked about stuff that's evergreen because that first one, if you would play that first one today and saw Covid Mass, you would've already known it was shot in 2020. Correct. But the way we did it this time, you don't know.


It is something Timeless. Timeless. It could be funny. Five years before and five years after. So Negotiating. What have you learned about negotiating with companies like a Netflix, like a, a Comedy Central? You mentioned that Dave, you know, produced a couple of your shows and so obviously they take you serious when they, it's kinda like with anything, you know, you hire a agency and you go negotiate with people. Right. They take you serious. Like, oh, he ain't ing Because you have an agency behind you. Yeah. Yeah. But that's like, but then some. But, but the, I know this is gonna sound crazy, but the traditional sense of negotiating agencies, management, it's about the change.


Okay. And the reason why I say that because the artists now have power now where you needed an agent or manager to introduce you to this person to get this right. The power is in you having support, you having fans. Right. You know what I'm saying? A person that has 50 million followers On social media, On Instagram, what is the manager gonna do for them? Right. Introduce somebody to take more money. I'm not saying in case you not gonna need that, but it's becoming more where the artist can negotiate the own thing and the whole thing is normal. What you're worth is, and then I've always been like my negotiation, people always tell me, what's your price?


I really don't. It all depends on what the need is and what it is. And I've never been a person that try to just hit you in the head. Right. I try to build relationships with people for a long time, not for just one shot. When da when Dave did the Netflix special and he caught a lot of flack for the transgender joke. So we Ain't got no non Dave questions. Yeah. Just one, just one more. He's able to tell he's, Can I call Dave, tell his nigga to come and do this interview? I I I reached out. I reached out. He Said, that's Why I'm here. He, that's I'm here. Who the next nigga that was on the show. You don't, you ain't do no days. No, no. The transgender joke, I've never seen his Joke or my Joke, his joke.


I've never seen a guy. And even when he did the Saturday Night Live, that, that monologue that he did there, the way he can tell a story, the way he can weave you in and out and you don't even real realize it because I didn't, you know, I, I get what he was saying a lot. I, I really, really begged you to come see me live. Where you gonna be at? I'll Let you know. But go ahead. Continue. What? Yeah, Dave again And Netflix. Dave, Dave, Dave, Dave, I'm joking. When he stood you, Netflix stood behind him and you, you mentioned something that this cancel culture before Long is gonna be done away with. Yeah. Because you were giving people too much power. People that have built, built something over 25, 30 years.


Right. And they make one mistake. Right. And it's gone. Yeah. But see it's only certain people can be canceled. Certain people can't be canceled. People that don't lie. So first off, what cancel culture wants to do, they wanna stop your bread. Okay. First they wanna do, they can't wait to say the agency dropped him so-and-so dropped him. They wanna stop your money when they, when when they're, they're powerless. When they can't stop your money. Correct. You know what I'm saying? The situation with him. And there are some artists like that. You know, I would say Chris Rock is one of those joints. Right. It can be canceled. They built a base. And I think, I'm not at that level, but I think I'm unco because I'm not on a tv. Right. TV show.


I'm not doing movies regularly. Last five or six years. Any work I've got, it wasn't through audition. It was 'cause somebody say we want this guy. But you know, you, when you don't have to get a check for somebody else, you Ukrainian chest, you can't counsel, you can't counsel a person. Is there a joke that you won't do? It's not a joke that I, I won't do 'cause I'm irresponsible in the jokes that I choose to use right now. The argument's been like, oh, I believe in freedom of speech, whatever. Yes. You have the freedom to say whatever you want also. No. That there's some consequences will come with what you say and there's a possibility there may be some backlashes. I encourage white people to use the N word all day. I say use it So you can see how it feels to use it.


If you think you're that strong, if you wanna make the argument, we're not gonna use it. Use it. But then this is what's gonna happen. It's consequences to anything that you say or do. Right. My, one of my phrases is a joke could be too soon, but it never could be too soon for a funny observation. Right. That's what my comedy is. I think that's what some of the best comedians thing is. Right. There are some times, I mean, you said some, some some LBT, LBTQ jokes, Asian jokes. I mean, when you say a joke, do you know like, I don't know if I should have Yeah. Or you just, or you just, you just go, No, I do know that. And then the ones that make me, oh, don't know. Those are the ones I wanna do the most. Yeah. Because I'm just saying it's like I like there, there there's there, there's something to be said about a comic that speaks from their point of view and how they feel.


If that's what comedy is, that's what c comedians supposed to do. Supposed to go places because they're supposed to be like The back. It all depends on who it is. Okay. You have some comics, you have some comics that would never do that. Right. Because they're in the business with corporations, then they're in this business. That's where they make they money. You know what I'm saying? You have some of them that don't. But it's all depends. It all depends. I know some, some comments, like I say Jim Gaffigan, you ain't gonna never hear Jim Gaffigan do a straight up dick a pussy joke, but he might water it down and you suck through some words about, 'cause he's protecting his bag. Right. Whatever you gotta do, protect your bag, whatever your bag is. My bag has been grimy for the longest time.


Correct. So I don't have to, I don't have to protect it like that. You friends with Joe Rogan, right? Yeah. How did, I mean, Joe went from a, I mean I, I didn't know Joe was a comedian. Yeah. When I first was introduced to Joe Rogan was Fear Factor. Right. A lot of people. And then the next thing I know, he, he's, you know, basically the voice of the UFC, he's calling fights. And then obviously he's a pretty good standup comedian from what I hear. Right? Yeah. I don't, you know, really get into it like that. So what, what, what is the Ying and the yang? How did you and Joe become? Well, Joe, we became, first off, I, I know of Joe from Field Factory from The Chappelle Show. Okay. And then he was like a really big part of the comedy store vibe there.


Like he's been a big name for years. And of course his P podcast. But I never, ever like was like, Hey Joe, I'm so and so and so and so my introduction to people, I want them to see me perform. Right. You know what I'm saying? I wanted to see me perform. He would see me in passing in the comedy store and then he knew my reputation that I was a funny guy. Okay. Then we exchanged words, whatever. And then one thing led to another where I did his podcast and it was interesting 'cause I heard Miss Pat was on the show. Yes. And Miss Pat was like, people got upset with her because she, she kept it real. Right. And I doubled down and say, I know that's his character. Because when I did his podcast for the First time, I was like, yo, I wanna come off the road man.


I don't wanna work as much on the road 'cause I wanna spend more time with my son, but I, I don't make money in Hollywood. I was like, I need to make money in Hollywood. He was like, just start a podcast. I'm like, it's not that simple. He was like, and I'm saying to myself, ain't no money in podcast like that. And then I googled him. I was like, okay, so let's talk about that. Let's talk about that. Right. But he had the top of the food Chain. That's what, this is what I'm gonna tell you. This is what I wanna say. And when Miss, when I watched the one Miss Pat, I was like, she Right. That's the type of person he is. But our own people are so critical to each other. When the Joe, when Joe said Donne, I was like, how do I get subscribers like that? He said, just do a podcast on a tape recorder, anything. Just do it. I'll tweet it out.


You'll get some licks off of that. Then you do all the other podcasts. Next thing you know be on, guess what I did it. I came out the gate with like 7,000 subscribers off of that. And people could say what they wanna say. I'm so sick of the black, white, that type of shit. There's some people that stand up people and they say what they going to do. Right. He's one of them. As much as people wanna say, well the people, they're not funny. Guess what? Them white boys have figured out a thing to do. They figured out a way to make other, make each other rich. Yes. They support each other. They have a system. They just support each other. They have a system. They have a system.


All right. This person, okay, let's say, guess what? Everybody ain't gonna be the funniest, but who's gonna be the best business people Who gonna be the best hustlers or whatever. And they have a system that they make each other stars. Why black people don't do that. I want you to be a star. I just don't want you to be bigger than me. So if that means I if that means Yeah. You Don't want me to be a star. Yeah. Okay. Well I don't Want you to be a star. That's why you don't want you, oh nah. Let me be a star first. Right. They don't look, they don't look at it like that. No. That crew, they could say, I don't give a fuck. All right. You already heard my feelings about my son. So this can go wherever the go. But they, where is that sense of unity?


Always talk shit. Why isn't Spike Lee the most sought after director doing the biggest movies and everything, what y'all wanted? We want him to do black movies, blah blah blah, blah. I'm doing black movies, black accent and everything. Guess what? You ain't going to see my movies so I don't have no power. Where, where does it stop? And at the end of the day, at the end of the day, you could take race everything away. You got good people and bad people. Yeah. On both sides. That's Style and relationship. No matter what everybody thinks about wrong, whatever the relationship I have with him, he's always been the standup guy to me.


Always pick up my call and always been like, do you need anything? I got you. You Can only base what you know about a person through personal experience. Right. So somebody else judging Joe Rogan, that's never been around Joe Rogan and you having a personal relationship with Joe Rogan and saying this is how he is with me. But you can't do that Shannon. 'cause people want the relationship they have with you, they want you to have a similar relationship. They do. They with you have similar relationship. I give example Kid Rock. Yeah. Kid Rock is a good friend of mine. I met Kid Rock during, we was doing these summer, summer shows in Ohio when 'cause Kid Rock is a provocateur. He say some dumb shit out his house time. Yeah, I get that. I don't think that that is, I don't think, I think it's two people. I think it's Bob Richie and it's Kid Rock. Right.


Kid Rock is a provocateur that wants to talk some shit to get you stirred up. Bob Richie is a person I met in Yellow Springs, Ohio when nobody wanna talk to him. Nobody wanna take a picture with him. We floating down the river and I'm talking to him. Right. And he's right beside me on the, on the boat saying, Darnell, I feel like I just went through 12 hours of anger management. Thank you. I saw a guy that that that's, that's the one that I know. Right? I saw a guy that was doing a comedy festival in Nashville. Donne. I think you funny. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for showing me love. Whatever. Would you be interested in doing this? I saw a guy that had a show, the Grand Grand Opry, one of them white established.


You wanna say I did the show Seven comedians, six of them White. I'm the only black comedian I go on last I closed the show, Shannon, I knew when I went out there, it was all Magars it, it was all magars. It was not somebody from the left. It was not a LBG. It was the only letters in there was MAGA Capital, Capital. All I saw was Star Spangled Banner, shit. You know what I'm saying? Red, white and blue. God bless America. And I said to myself, oh man, fuck that. But I was saying, what, what, what's my job? I'm a comedian. Can I go out here and rock these motherfuckers?


I did. I closed the show. 35 minutes. No politics, no nothing. Caught a standing ovation at the end of a backstage kid Rock. He said, man, I think we might have just brought America back together. I say, and don't separate it, That's it. But your your, like you said, your personal experience is different from mine. Yes. And the person can be like this, but he says so and so do I give a fuck about it? Yes. Do I tell him sometimes? Come on man, you, you can't say that. Right. You, it don't make no sense to say it. But that, and I say that's one of the things that I really appreciate about what I've built for myself with my father and everything is that when at my, if you come to one of my shows, it's not just all black people.


It's not just all white people. It's a mix of everything. It's, it's America Dating got a 9-year-old old ass with a 9-year-old. But anyway, that's neither here nor there. Why you wait so late? You know the level of disrespect that question is for a man with no kids that think that who? Who ain't Got no kid? Not I ain't talking about you. Oh, I'm kidding me nigga. Alright, don't kidding me.


You go, no, no. You know how hurtful that is for a guy. And when I say that myself that thought that he was already settled into the fact that he probably never had no kids, which is mentally for a man, it's a tough thing. I had already said, you know what, you're probably not gonna have no kids. You got nephews, you got, you want kids? Huh? Did you want kids? Yeah, but the situation Okay, just didn't and and know the situation just didn't happen. Okay. And I just wasn't shooting up the club like that. You know what I'm saying? Oh, okay. Yeah. I'm, I wasn't a raw dogger like that. So I be okay. I be Nah, you saying like you proud you been going raw longer than me.


Oh, Oh. He like, yeah, they got to get in that heat. Heat for the longest. Nah, but what I'm saying was it just wasn't, it just didn't happen. Right. I was in relationships where it'd be like two years, three years didn't start all over and shit like that. Right. But then it just happened. I did have him late in life, but I don't, I don't have no regrets about it. Sometime I do think, what if I would've started early, whatever. But then you'll go crazy thinking about that. I'm just happy that you know, and then, then I, I have a beautiful son. Yes. Don't ask me about my son. Please. What about marriage then? What Marriage? Yeah. It's probably 1000 shit outta the car to me. What? I got a son. That's black marriage.


Yo. It's gonna be one of the other, Have A key in a marriage. One. You got one? Yeah, I got one. And then when she said, and I remember, I remember she was like, she knew what the baby, I said, boy girl, she, she said, what do you want? I said, girl, I said, boy, boom. I was like this, I'm out. Rawlings thing continues. Yeah. But my happiness, my happiness come through him. Am I happy to come through what I do? Have you ever caught someone cheating on you? You say you had a dream. Wow. I don't think, I don't think I caught nobody cheating on me, but I know in the past I cheat so much. I know I had to pay them taxes. You got, you got your thought. They got the Lick back. I'm pretty sure I'm 1000% sure.


But you gotta pay. I'm like, ah. It was time to reverse that. Sooner or later. Yeah, but I'm pretty sure talk. But I look at, I look at it. I look at cheating like this. Like mother. Okay. No, go ahead. Go to the next question I was gonna ask. Toxic relationship. Even more toxic women or men, You know what a toxic man's are gonna say? Women, you crazy bitches. Tape bitch don't understand us. Yeah, the most toxic them crazy ass. Oh. 'cause I ain't come home last night. You tripping. Would you? Oh, why you going through my phone? Ah. Would you consider yourself toxic By defin? Yeah. I do think I'm, nah, but see, damn, if I don't think I'm toxic, then I'm a narcissist.


I'm a nigga. Put everything in there Gaslight. Toxic narcissism, love bombing. Yeah. I do all of that type shit. And that's what make men, men, we ain't gonna be perfect. You and your goddamn therapist about that shit. I'm all of them. All of them. Every mental health word you can use on me, tox, NOx. But through all of that I am a good Yeah. Through all of that. You know what, this is something to be said. A lot of people have better relationships and relationships be strength strengthened. If women would just stay the outta cell phones.


There you go. Happen the urge to see that. Gotta know if I, I am at Knight and shining armor. If you stay the away from my phone, I'm from this place and they ain't gonna never understand this logic. You a Hallmark movie guy. Yeah. I'm like this. What did I do for you to think that you wanna my phone Then you know what women say what? I had this feeling. It was just something inside me. Did you hear that? Did you hear that feeling when we was in Abu Dhabi? Did did you have that feeling when we was at, during the shopping spring? When do you have this feeling and what do you want from that feeling?


Nobody understand. Shaq said something close to this. I'm coming home to you. I'm so and so. Stay off Shaq. Stay on my phone. Oh wow. What you gotta hide? No, I ain't got nothing to hide. But so a man, you can't have no level of privacy and everything about my life. You need to be privy to it. It don't make no sense. You out. And you know when a is foul, right? You know when A is foul? You know when a mother foul? Oh, I didn't answer my phone. Oh, I fell asleep on my man couch. You know what SA foul. So why you, why you wanna play with that? It don't make no sense. Heard somebody say the strongest drug in the world is a woman.


One of my mentors said, Darnell, this is when your career really takes off. When you done knocked down everything you wanna knock down, you done had that experience. That's when it takes off. 'cause he said, Donna, you gotta remember this. No, this is what he said. No pussy is gonna be better than new pussy. And once you get to the point where you don't need new pussy or chase it, that's when shit starts to exchange. 'cause the men always going to have the drive to want to do something with somebody. But eventually you get to a point like, is it worth this? And I think that what happens is you've been in so many situations where the consequences of your action, you realize, guess what?


Most of us know how to be good men. Right. We know how to do it. 'cause you can look at every bad relationship prepares you for the next relationship. Right. And you know, like, how did this one up because I did this. Right? Once we get to the point where we say we don't wanna do that, then that's when you'll get to that point. Do you want more kids? I at I, because the Pacino had one at 83. So you waved from that. I ain't gonna do that. I think it would be unfair to that kid. But I did when I, I did. I I wish after Austin, I wish that I would've had another one right at there just because he is built to be a big brother. Brother. And he just got that part of him. But you know, she's so young that she probably she could pop off.


Yeah. I'm like 23, don't she? 23 Darnell. 20 you. Oh, why you didn't date her mom. Why you go for the Darnell didn't date her mom? Because why didn't I date her mom? Yeah. Good question. No, wait, I, I'm asking the question. This is a conversation. Aint the Darnell Riley show. Love is love If you don't love is love you. I agree with you. What? You like him young? Don't I say Drake? I heard your Nope, don't do that.


I don't like him. I don't like them young. I like what I love. I didn't groom nobody son. It is what it is. But I can't tell nobody my age to get what I wanted. What I look like getting a 48-year-old bitch pregnant. It's possible it could have happened, but I ain't want them odds. Hold on. She was on bad girls club. Yes. You like bad girls? I made her a good girl. Nigga Say that. Ask me another question. You like toxic. I was going through a transition in my life and if somebody made me feel good about myself that I knew in the future I was gonna have a beautiful son that you was going to try to ruin the relationship I had with him by talking about the DC between Diddy legs.


I started a future of this show before I even goddamn damn did it all right. And I didn't break no laws. I didn't go. Yes, she's a lot, lot, lot, lot, lot younger than me. But that's what it was. I gave my opportunity. I gave myself opportunity. Why you hating on me Where y'all be at Forever 21. Yo, y'all ain't gotta laugh down hard Uhuh. You know What? I'm just trying to figure out that I be where you be this 23-year-old at because I be age 23. I think I'm a couple years older than you. I go 33. So I just need to know 23, 33. They're probably in the same area.


Maybe we can hang Out. I'm not with You. I'm not hanging without you. I'm not hanging with you. Okay. What I'm gonna say, there was part of my life where someone gave me a certain energy that I needed and they expressed to me I wasn't out there on no playgrounds. Yeah. I didn't have r Kelly in the background. And they expressed to me that they, and this is, this is how they get you. I like older men. Bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing. Right. You like younger women. Can I finish myself? Go Ahead. You can switch and do interview yourself If You wanna do that, give 'em another Mic. Nope. No. It was just, it. It was something that happened my life. It was timing. It was me coming off of rela another relationship.


And I just felt this person made me feel good and that turned into a relationship where I had a beautiful son. That's it. What y'all mean? How do you ask out? I'm interested. I'm an older guy myself. We were, we, I was working on this show in New York and we both had a, a social media manager, whatever, shared the same person.


She worked on the show too. No, she was on the show that you just said, oh, okay. I'm not embarrassed about that, but nah, you shouldn't be. No, that was, that was the case. And this person kept on saying like, y'all energy, Y's funny, the sense of humor, whatever that, that we, we one y to meet. And I'd be quite honest, I wasn't excited about it. I wasn't excited about it because of that show. I just wasn't excited about anything that was going through a point in my life where I was like, I don't need to be with nobody right now. But then I did meet, then I met her and then, and this is how all relationships start. You feel and see all the good, good things. And there's somebody that knows now, I won't say prey on it, but they know what makes you feel good. Right. And at that time, everything about our conversations and everything I felt good about.


And it was like small, small tests. This might be minute to you right. But I remember I had took her shopping and we were at this mall and I, when I go shopping, I'm like this, I ain't looking no tags or nothing. Mm. Pop, pop, pop, Pop, pop. Right? And it was three pairs of pants on it. Right. And the pants was like, I was like, you like those three pants? Like 2 25 jeans? They both was 2 25 pair. Yeah. I said, you liked them? She said, yeah. I said, why'd you put it back? And she said, I couldn't see myself and this was my money I was putting up. She said I couldn't see myself paying $225 for a pair of pants.


And I know that's feels weird, but I was like, I'm not mad at that answer. Yeah, that's good answer. In a situation where you could have been like this, I'm gonna just, wow. Wow. And, and that started a conversation and then again she was in my life, made me feel a certain way and made me feel a certain way, literally and figuratively when I needed to feel a certain way. Right. That's how that happened. And then some short time period after that, we had a kid I saw you had Dr. You, you interviewed Dr. Omar. Obviously Omar is, he's very pan africanism as the word that he Used.


Just say he's very not us. Don't You be us. You know us. Me. You know what? Us, me. Nah, you know what? Don't even try. You know us What Sisters That don't even flow off your lips, right son. It's like somebody in your ear like this. Like say it, say it. Say it. You know he's not like us. They not like us. No. No. They not like us. I don't know what you're talking about That I know. You know what the, I'm talking about Darnell. Gimme my cards. I got some cards and you know what I'm talking about. Go ahead. All right, go ahead.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means Hess also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show. Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd na Tainment at a Adnan bur tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL network analysts. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love You by the way. NHL network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling. Even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts Perky. That's sure. To kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I don't know what you talking about. Why Is, why do you believe that interracial dating is such a big a hot topic in our community? Why is it a hot topic big against have something to be mad about? Now I can understand your feelings are interest. This may sound crazy and ooh, what this up? I could understand that shit if we were still like marching. Yeah. Like in 1940, but god damn nigga we got so many examples of what a bi relationship, biracial relationship has created. You know what I'm saying? We got so much of like, it don't necessarily mean everybody ain't trying to fight the power all the time. Right.


I like out my Spencer. I said fight the power downstairs. I'm this freedom fighter right now. Yo. Yo. I said it in my Spanish. I said the dopest blowjob you ever going to get is a reparations blowjob. I don't give a And you laugh 'cause you know, you know you don't even hour, hour Darnell. What's the difference? Huh? What's the difference between what Joe? Yo, you, you ever had a reparations? Blowjob? I don't get down like that. Oh man. Oh man. They always talk about where's the lies. Right?


All lives will be exposed right here. I don't, I can understand the sentiment of Dr. Omar. I can understand that. I just don't subscribe to somebody should be only dating a certain person. Yeah. And whenever you say that, they say that's the language of a bunny hopper. So what? Whatever fuck makes you happy. Right? That's how I Feel. So I'm just supposed to be with anybody. Just, they treat me like crap. Just find somebody else out. That's not always the case. But why can't I be with some, why can't I be with a person that likes me? You kidding? But then, oh, but then what does it say? Then you take it away.


Say, oh, you taking the money outta the black community nigga. Everybody takes the money outta the black community. Yeah. I mean I can't talk about it. Oh, you bunny hopping. I've hopped, I'm a hopper. Is your son mixed? My son is mixed with Salvadorian and black. Oh yeah. Tina Selena. Yeah. I have a beautiful son too. Yeah. The DNA was cracked on that one. I him up. Somebody said, oh, Donelle, oh you met you, you, you, you got that pretty girl pregnant.


I'm like, do you think I want to get somebody pregnant to look like me? We gotta balance this shit off. I ain't gonna have no good hair. Nowhere. Did Tyrese really get mad at you for making fun of him from crying? Yeah, he did, but I didn't give a fuck. Did he reach out to You? No, he reached out. He slid in my dm. Pause. No. Did he? But it was something I did a joke about. I used his face as a crime mic face. Oh, I expect that from somebody. Don't fuck with. I'm like, nigga, I done saw you twice in my life Now what he hit you with. Yeah, he was, he said something about, oh I expected, 'cause I made a joke about him crying faces dismissing the fact that I'm comedian and dismissing the fact that the cry too much.


Right. Shut the up. I wish somebody, you know the phrase take his phone. Yes. Somebody really need to take Tyree's phone. We don't need to know every second of your life. Right. I respect you as an artist. I respect what you've done, but damn man, I wish you would just shut the Up. Have you got a lot of that? People asking you to take down polls to stop making jokes about them? Nah, People don't do that. You wasn't gonna do it anyway, huh? I wasn't gonna do it. I've, I've, I've never considered it. And the reason why I say that because I'm really selective on what I put out there and I'm like, if you can't take this, you just overly sensitive and I can't cater to that. Right. Then if I do that, then I'll be taking post down for everything. No disrespect to Tyrese or anything like that.


But I personally think that someone needs to take his phone. 'cause we, I know you wanna be in touch with your fans. We don't need to be a part of your whole journey. Right. We don't need to do that. Lemme ask you this. What was the best comedy standup experience you've had? You've been on Def Comedy Jam, showtime at Apollo Comic View. For me, the best comedy experience I've had was when I did my special because no matter what you think of that special, it felt like I really knew what I was doing. Like from Dave's with us scratching it twice. I felt like the next one I'm doing I the next one I do. You know? I know exactly. I know what I know. Point of view is I know beginning, middle, and end.


I know that during that show I captivate the audience. So for some reason, as long as I've been doing it and I've been doing it for 30 plus years, it was that special that I was like this. Oh, now I know what it means to be a professional comic. When, when the stakes are up. Right. Because you can just, people will say, well, I've seen 'em be funny. Whatever. It's one thing to be in a comic club with no pressure, but when those lights are on Yeah. Somebody's money is there and you trying to duplicate what you did all these years to, that is something that I just felt like when I did my special new day, it was something that made me feel like I know what I'm doing now. And even after that, people that come to my shows, they're like, oh, I didn't know if he was gonna do stuff from the special.


No joke from my specialist did it is all new. And I, and I'm still, I'm still getting better. The set for a special, you say a special is gonna be an hour. Are you doing all new material? Are you doing material that you like? You've fine tuned. Like some of the jokes obviously the Special Yes, the special. You doing stuff that you, this is what I felt I wanted to do. 'cause you on a clock, you on a time you want people's money. I wanted to feel like I wanted that special that, but I wanted to be open enough where something happens in the moment, I can do that, which makes it very organic.


But a lot of times you don't have the flexibility to do that. You still, you're just like by the book. By the book. But when, when I, when I do my shit, I even my show today or whenever you see me, I probably like 50% of stuff is what I wanna do. And I wanna do my, so I wanna keep myself open for what could happen. Right. Wow. So, so lemme ask you a question. How much do you like when you go on stage, do you, like, you've rehearsed, you like written down because Marlon ran what? Marlon Marlon says, I don't write down anything. I'm going up there. I'm free. I'm free, I'm just going with the flow. And then I've had others say, Hey, I got a set. I know what I wanna go. I wanna go boom, boom, boom, boom.


Hey, I might altar hear there according, but I don't never have, I I don't have a script, but I do like, it's a, if it, certain points I wanna do me the best sets I've had when I'm working with the emotions I'm dealing with that day. If I'm having some drama, family stuff, whatever, if I can kind of turn that into standup. Right. But I'm not, like some people they are like Chris Rock. Chris Rock is not, he's not gonna deviate. I've seen Chris Rock prepare for specialist. It's gonna be like pop. He's a, he's a, he's professional. Professional. He's a professional and his penny game is crazy. But me, I want to be able to talk about something, but how do I get there? Right. I'm looking at, you know, Jamie Fox called you a beast.


You work with Chris and Dave on the, on the, because you was on the, at the Hollywood Bowl, you mentioned the Hollywood Bowl. Yeah. So were you there when the guy rushed the stage? I wasn't there and I was a part of that tour, but I had another gig. I was doing one of my, one of my gigs and I was the only show during that run that I missed. I was, it's so funny because I was on a flight and before when I was taking off, somebody said they just attacked Dave on stage and I was like, oh, like I'm going to take a parachute to get off this shit. Like I'm gonna go save him. But I wasn't at that show. Chris Rock recently ended a billionaire's private, but once he found out somebody was recording, how you, how serious are you about recording your shows? I'm, I'm, it's weird.


I think that like I'll, in my shows, I'll make sure the mc announces that no recording rights. I'm not gonna let that ruin my show. Right. Because even though somebody is recording your set, it's not going to take away from people seeing you live and seeing you put it on a platform that you're gonna do it. It doesn't matter if somebody records. I wish people would take more time to be involved with the show and not record. But if somebody record my shit, it's not gonna stop them from watching on Netflix or going to see me live. But it's like a, a funny situation. Did You get up, did you get up upset at Kat? For what he said on my platform. A lot of people got mad at me.


What they said because you allowed Kat. I'm like, allow, I mean, I have asked somebody to ask, you know, I invite you in and to have a conversation. I don't know where you're going. Just like, I didn't know what you were gonna say here today. Yeah, I Didn't, I didn't get mad. But my thing is like, you got people with problems and people with solutions and my only thing was, and I listened to it like I said earlier. Okay, you, you like, you haven't said anything that people don't know about Hollywood. And then my thing is, what do you want out of this? Alright, so and so stole my joke, write another joke.


And even when I listen to it, it's so easy. Sir. First off, if a can that easily steal your joke, guess what? It ain't the best joke out there. Mark Carey was upset. Like, oh, Steve Harvey did a joke about Halloween. I'm like, who don't get a Halloween costume joke? Who don't got a joke about I was so poor. We dress up like ghosts. I was a poor, I dress up like a UPS man who don't have those jokes. And then it may sounds crazy, but writing a joke. I used to be, when I first started, I used to be, oh, that motherfucker stole my joke. He stole my style all, I just, I didn't get nowhere with that. I had beef with comic. I'm like this. All that does for me is like, you know what, first off, if motherfucker see a joke, go fight him.


That's how it used to be when I was coming up. It ain't like you didn't have no block. You go fight him that stole your joke, steal you joke. Oh yeah. Yeah. If you knew it, you just stepped to 'em. If you ain't gonna step to 'em, what are you mad about? If anything, write another joke. Right? It's so, but not only that, usually when you hear somebody, when you hear somebody talking, somebody stole a joke. The joke is so easy to steal. Right. That what are you complain about? And that's when you go deeper into you as a comic. Because now, all right, people used to steal my shit. I was like, you know what that joke was stealable, you can have it. Right. Then I gotta go back into myself. That's why I'm talking about point of view.


You can't steal a joke about a relationship I have with my son. Right. You can't steal a joke. I have relationship with, or any relationships I have. You can't steal that Joe. Right. It would force you to be more creative. But a lot of this shit is just bullshit. How, how have you been able to appeal to two different audiences? Because you have crossover appeal, obviously, like you said you came up in the Chitlin Circuit. You can black com, you can be in a black room filled with blacks. You can go room like you said you had in Nashville, you had basically the audience. None of them look like Darnell Rollins. How have you been able to create, make that transition? White bitches. This man What? I don't know nothing about that.


Darn you trying to get me. I'm Sorry. I'm not there. Darnell. I'm not there. No, I ain't, I okay. I, I'm sorry. Ooh, sorry. Ooh. I didn't mean fuck. White bitches explore different cultures. Yes. Be involved. The reason why I've been, because I just don't have one group of friends. I like to drive around my block. Right. That's it. Yes. That's your block is look Like Me. Your block is a cul-de-sac. Yeah. And, and people like me living it Bunny, huh? No, I don't know what Darnell, where did you get that from? I wanna know who, who told you that? I ain't going, I I don't have no resources. But it's all over your face.


No, it's Not. It is all over your face. But you see how, you see how problem even how you, even the way you talk is different. You see, you annunciate now. Son. Son. Yo, you said I begged your pardon? You got index cards? What the, are you talking about? You, you see how powerful the internet is? What? Somebody said that and ran with it and not everybody believes that. I believe. I believe that. I Alright. I believe that you are a hopper. You are a hopper. You, you a hopper. You might have a t-shirt around for a photo op. No, but y'all want me to You, You might wear a ish dashiki on your birthday.


No, You Can't hop any, All that tried. Obviously they say that because they want me to reveal. Right. And I won't fall for the, I won't fall for the banana. But Don't, don't, don't f See even leaving the phrases you use. See, that's very white. Okay. What about banana In the tailpipe? What About, what about the Okie-doke? Okeydoke is better. But that's not what you said. You said banana and you said the old banana in the tailpipe. That's a bunny hopper right there, son. Oh, they hate to hit me with the No, lemme ask you a question because The reason why, because I'm culturally diverse. Diverse. And I don't, I don't just associate with just one type of people.


Yeah. Right. That's, I am One of my friends. This is one of my friends. This is what he said. He said, man, you gonna have a good time with Shannon. I said, why? He said, 'cause y'all both like black and white. I like Women. No, now he, he wasn't talking about the women. He was talking about black and white in regard to like, you know, like, okay, let's say I got a guy like I, I like, I like, oh This is this. It's this, this, This. And, and, and you know what? It may sound insulting, but I know what he meant by that. And I'm gonna tell you that it's been a dilemma in my career. And I didn't find out until like a year ago. I was talking to this promoter and I was doing a show and I was talking about these black package shows.


Right. And it's like, it's always like some more, it's always earthquake. It's all these people. Yeah. And I asked him, I said, yo, and I love everybody I just named. I said, how did, why do they keep missing me? Why I'm not on these shows? And he said, Darnell, I pitched you for this show. I don't, I'm the one that got you the show. He said, but a lot of promoters think you're a white comedian. Right. And what they meant by that was because my audience and what I can appeal to is black and white. So they don't think that I am a black comic. And plus what they see, you pull up to the arena in with So with what? That might have something to do with it.


It has everything to do. What I'm saying is the diversity I have. Yeah. You know? And I was like, but I want, I want all the money. But that's then one, one of my friends said that about you. It was like, 'cause y'all, you both appealed to so to both. Yeah. What's wrong with that? They, they, because they want, they want you to love one and then hate the other. Right. Why can't, why can't, it's kinda like the Angel Reese, Kaitlyn Clark. Why can't I like Kaitlyn Clark and Angel Reese? Why if I like a Caitlyn Clark, I gotta hate Angel Reese. Why? If I like Angel Reese, I gotta hate Kaitlyn Clark. Why can't I like both? And the reason why is 'cause this world just feels, feeds off of all Negative. They gotta make you pick it. You gotta choose a side, you gotta Choose sides. And it's all negative.


Like even what I say when it comes to the internet, whatever, guess what? Bad guys could win on the internet. Yeah. You know, when I first started you had to be likable to sell tickets. Yes. You know what I'm saying? But now you could be hated and still make money. 'cause at the end of the day, it's always about the engagement and who's going to be the most interested in giving the most engagement. Right. Politics. How do you stay with, do you make sure, do you try to stay away from political? I try to. It was one time when I used to put my political views first and in the forefront because I was passionate and felt something away about it. But I also realized that who comes to my shows and everything and it's easier for me to, to, I'm very selective on what I talk about because there's, there's, there's a not just two type of people.


There's a lot of people that pay my bills when it comes to that. So even when I talk about politics, I don't do it in a way where I'm going to turn somebody off. Right. I do it in a way where we all can laugh about it. Right. Like even on the Trump shit, it used to be, I used to be like, yo Donald Trump or whatever. Or I could, I could say that. And that's easy to black audience. It's easy. You're gonna win with that. But now I'll give an example. I'll go say, I was like, you know, if I had to ask Donald Trump one question, the question would be is where did you get a brand new ear in 72 hours? Right. That disarms you. Right. Talk about what I talk about. And you don't have to get upset. Right. And then I, people like, well Donald Trump, this example. Yeah.


People talking about Donald Trump is racist. My question is, if most corporations you tell somebody, you ask somebody where you work, who you work for, right? I work for at and t. How many employees? A thousand people. You know, 200 of them probably racist, but they don't wear the costume. More racists. I say I'm too successful and I work too hard to care about all races. Why would I care about a racist gas attendant? You work at a gas station. Not me. You know, I I don't do shit like anybody, but I do certain things you have to talk about. It's hotbed conversation. And I will, but I'm not trying to separate my audience.


You went to the high school TC Williams. Yes. Remember the Titan? You remember my one, my best friend Keith Burns went to that high school. You on that championship? You wasn't on that championship team that was before you. Boy, you have a nice way to call me old, but I It's he Older than you. Well Burns. No he not. I'm older than Keith. How old are you? You mean you the same age? You know, I'm 56. I'm older than you. I just turned 57 December 6th. Well, you wasn't on that championship team. I know. I'd have been 70 something if I was on the championship team. That's what I'm trying to say. No, That Burns won the championship his senior year. No he didn't. Oh Lord. Remember the Titans wasn't, that wasn't a championship. He won. No, I'm saying no. That was No, the championship that they, he burns them won't the last one that was in the seventies.


I think Coach Boone won the first championship in the Seventies. No, we No, no. Keith them. They didn't win the championship. Yeah, they did. Oh, we can talk about that later. We gonna bet $50. They say you stole the ball from Kevin Durant drained the three on the three. Oh sir. Yeah. Yo, did y'all got the video? We gonna show it? Oh Yeah. Yeah. I'm tell that was one my greatest moments. Now we back on. I love you man. But what about the time you got hurt? I Don't wanna hear about the time about that. Let's talk about the first other one first. But We go back to that ca No, what you was talking about. Okay. Kevin Dur ran, he tried to hit you with a crossover, right? Yeah. You stole the Ball. Can I tell my story? Go ahead and tell the story. All Right.


So boom. First off, big Ticket does an annual annual celebrity sub game. Right. And I know they didn't want me on the team 'cause they said they didn't have my shoe size. I was like, nigga, I wear a nine. Y'all always got nines around here. Right? Right. They ain't have no jerseys, they didn't have nothing. Right. So I come on the, on Butler, he our coach. Right. They called me in the game. I don't know why they called me in the game. They called me in the game. Kevin Durant bringing the ball up. Right. I feel like freaky Zeki. Like, then I put him in the fool Nelson. Then I swung him around. Alright. So he tried to dribble the ball to my list. I don't know what happened. I stole the ball. Right. Right.


Man, I didn't even know what to do with that. I'm going down the court. I, I picked Kevin Durant pocket. Right. Okay. Okay. And I'm going down the court and I was like, if I try to go all the way to the basket, I'm gonna double dribble something gonna be stupid. So I pulled up at the three. You pulled up like Steph Curry? Yeah. I got the receipts. I pulled up with the three. Boom. Y'all saw how I did it. Right. So I was like this, I dribbled, boom. You see? Okay. And IB let me tell you the story. Okay. So I'm like this, I behind the back. I I I did it behind the back. Flipped it again between the legs. He come, pushed him out the way. Took the ball. I pulled up. But when I pulled up, I pulled up in slow motion.


'cause I wanted the moment to be forever. So I So like you frozen time. Yeah. What I did was I pulled up with the left. Right. Yeah. The right coming next. I, with the left, I was like, then on the way down I take it then reverse it. Right? Yeah. First I went up with this. You in the air. Let me tell my motherfucker story. Look, I'm, I'm, I'm this all in the air. 'cause you know my vertical like 43. I was just 10 seconds in the air. Okay. So I pulls, I pulls up like this, I'm shooting it. Right, right. I was then I said nah. 'cause he was gonna try to block it, pulled it back down. Damn.


What I was gonna do was do it behind the back pass. But he wasn't open. Right. So I said, now I got, I got five seconds left. Right. I pulls back up. Right. I pulls back up. Right. I pulls back up like that bitches is going crazy. Right. I pulls back up. Right then it was like this Marty. Nah, it took a minute. Oh. Because that's how my, my angle is. My shit is like 30 seconds up there. Right. Oh yeah. So, so all the bitches could get pictures and shit. So I pulls back up. He behind me trying to get the ball. Everybody in so motion like, oh shit. They look at, they looking like this. Let me tell my story please.


They like, oh shit. Right. And I'm coming down, I hear everybody saying, oh shit. And then some said Red Grant was there. He was a, and all of a sudden all you hear, no not, I'm not an athlete. I never heard this in my career. They was like, oh shit. And she learned. I was like, what nigga? Right. I was like, what? Right. And then I called time out. What you call time out for? I took myself out the game. You can't call Time out if you make a shot. I you don't have the ball. I don't play like that. I called Time Out. They was like, oh shit ass. She Larry and they, and I was sitting back there like, this nigga, yo, I was like this.


Right. And then Koran Butler, he act like I'm a threat from the outside. He, we start losing. He's like this yo, you want to get back here? I was like over for me. I got a triple single. My career is over. Boom. That's what happened. And y'all got the video? Yes. Yes. But tell the time you hurt yourself dunking on that eight foot goal. You, you have what I call negative positive energy. You know that's a good interview. Right? Sure. What happened was, this was after I hit that three point on Kevin. Yeah. So boom, you know the story gonna be funny when you say boom, right? Yeah. So I, I'm in my baby mother house.


No, her mother house, Stephanie House. I'm just v Don't say what you about to say. I ain't gonna say nothing. What you doing to his baby? So the kids fucking, they like this. They call me a overhead. They got, you know the rim? Yeah. It goes 10 foot to eight foot. Right. Right. I'm minding my business. I'm barbecuing. Right. Minding my business. Got a barbecue rack. They said, what you gonna do overhead? I said what? I said, what y'all gonna do? Is y'all gonna first off, put your camera on this. When Vine was out, I want them to vine me. Vine was probably right. I said, vine me. I said, what y'all gonna do is take a picture. They said, what you gonna do? I said, first off, 'cause this is coming off the Kevin Durant thing, right? Yeah.


So you feeling good about yourself? Nice. But I said I'm gonna throw the ball off the backboard. Right. I said I'm gonna grab it. 'cause you know the hang time I had now last year. Right. I said I'm gonna grab it. I said I'm gonna do a 360. I said I'm gonna do a 360. Right. I said, I'm a see what right here. I said I'm gonna do a 360. Then I said, I'm gonna bang it. Right. And I said, on my way down. 'cause I had a barbecue rag right here. I said, on my way down, I'm gonna grab the rag. I'm gonna wipe my face. Y'all better catch that shit. They said do it old head. Right. That made me even matter. Gas. Gas. You there you gas. They gased me. I walked what? I remember I went back and something said, P Joe, I wish I I came my pants too tight.


I show you right here patella. You rubbed your patella. I toy it. I said something said this. How? 'cause I'm in, I'm in Jersey too, so I'm nervous. Yeah. I didn't know I my leg. I thought I got shot, but I ain't know who I was beefing with. Right. I like, I can't believe Mike Gson done rolled up. Right. Yo, I thought Mike Gson rolled up. That's another story. Tell him, ask him how I saved his life. Anyway, so that's another I boom bow. Right. Popped my leg. Right. And I'm mad 'cause I'm like, I can't believe my, let me get shot. Ain't nobody saying go get that thing or nothing. Right. And it was so up. 'cause the little kid, it was like a Spike Lee movie. The kids was looking over top of me like this sir.


Right. They was like, we don't even know what happened. He was only two inches off the ground. I thought I got shot and I was mad 'cause nobody was trying to get at him. And here's the crazy thing about that. I was up when I did that. I was up for a role. What was that power? Was it power? Yeah. I was up for a rolling in power. Wow. Soon as I get my leg fixed outta surgery, my manager called me and said they wanted you for power. For power. And I was like, my knee up. And Charlie Murphy got that road. That was the last road Charlie Murphy did.


It was off of power. But that's what it was. That's, that was my whole career. Y'all saw what you, But you were pretty athletic because I read you were a security guard at a grocery store and used to chase down crackhead. So you are pretty athletic. You could have been, you could've been an athlete crackheads fast. How you catch 'em? First off, I wasn't a security guard at grocery store. I was a general Okay. You the general guard To I I have rank. I have rank. And you don't chase 'em down. You put five carts in lane. 17 you block. You gotta make that. Block 'em in, make that biome make their pattern go.


Right. Because they wanna steal the shit and run out. But you gotta make a way to go sideways. But I was, that was, that was my job I had before. Yeah. Before you got a comedy. Yep. You promoting anything? Tell us about anything you promoting, you, you performing. Tell us where you, where you're at next. I'm performing this what I'm promoting. Okay. Brotherhood. Okay. I'm all for that Black excellence, you know. And the crazy thing about this, my mother warned me about you.


What'd I do? And she said you was gonna say that. She said baby, he going to say what I did. And you tell him. She said don't drink the YI do have a podcast and I know what it is. I should have did it earlier in the show. Right. It's called the Don Rollin Show. It's on YouTube and all podcast platforms. I'm excited to be here. Thank you. I'm excited to be here. I didn't know that you was gonna be the villain. Nah, nah, nah. We had great conversation today. No. Yeah We did. I mean we've been trying to get this, we've been trying to do this for a, for a minute now. Right. You been dodging? Can I have my phone?


You can call there. Yeah. That phone call. Is it on? Oh man, my battery died. It did? Yeah, it died. Boy. You Lucky. Well see. Hey cj, you see the Lord? Lord. You See how the Lord wanted you? Yo. Yo. Doing. Yo. Look at the Lord. Lord. Yo. Charge my shit up. Ask me two More questions. Ask me two more questions. Charge My shit up. Nah, ask me two more questions. Look at the Lord. Lord. Nope. Nope. Tell us the mike up story. The what? Mike Said. It's a Mike up story. Oh my God. I can't tell you. Mike, would You be with Mike Epps? I wouldn't be for Mike Gpp. Huh?


I wasn't beef for Mike G. We asked questions. We asked I'm beef. You were beefing with Mike GI wasn't beefing with Mike. He was beefing with you. I was, well I just, me and Mike Epps. Yeah. Pretty much came to New York about the same time. Pray. He was a country dude from Indiana. Atlanta. I was a country dude from, from DC, Virginia. And me and him was like closest friends. We used to drive. We used to catch the subway together, ride a subway together. They used to make fun of our country accents. And we was guys that was getting on. Yeah. Right. And some kinda way during that process we fell at odds Chick.


I knew what No, I wasn't a chick. What With? 'cause I was never on the level with the chicks. Mike Epp always had something baddest joints. I wasn't there. There. You might want to get him on the show and ask him. I Got you. Ask him how I saved his life. That's a good question. You saved His life. I am sorry For saving his life. No, No. This concludes this episode of club shoot. No, no, no, no.


I don't wanna call somebody. That's the Lord. Lord. Won't we do it? Yo, you awful. Yo. Yo. That was,


Thank you. Villa 66 at Resorts World for having Club Shehe here today. This brand new spectacular two bedroom entertainment villa on the 66th floor. As has a stunning view of the script. This is reserved for invited guest only. Keep up with Villa 66 on social media at Resorts World. Las Vegas


All my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, pay the price. Won a slice. Got the roll dice, the all my life. I grinding all my life, all my life. Been grinding all.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions. Apply and see the app for details.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd Nam Burkin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food and NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on La Tabla. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. US.