(0s):
Allstate wants to remind fans that mayhem is everywhere. Like when your fantasy league meets up at your house, everything's great until the hot plate gets too hot for the tablecloth. Now your kitchen's up in smoke And. if you don't have the right home insurance coverage. The cost to fix this is anything but a fantasy. So, switch to Allstate, save money, and get protected from mayhem like this. Not available in every state terms. Apply savings vary. Allstate vehicle and property insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.

(31s):
You're ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.

(1m 1s):
It's back to everything season on the Today Show. It Always feels so good to get back To it, back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up For. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch the Today Show every morning on NBC because every day needs today, back the Day.

(1m 28s):
Make it all right.

(1m 30s):
Bu It is. Ryan here. And I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like are you a fist pumper? A woo-hoo, a hand clap, or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored By Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply

(2m 0s):
When it comes to business. The people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo the Volume.

(2m 35s):
All right, we back at the episode of Club five 20 Live from Vegas. Where we at? Teague, you know, resorts World Vegas. That hesitation almost cost you some sponsorship. Hey, we trapping out here in the base. We know what's going on. Club five 20 special, special guest to my left. We're gonna introduce my man's last to my far left. We got my dog Bishop B here out the pearl. He how you what? Nasty. Cool. What nasty. Let's get to it. Do everything on the spot. Yeah. But yeah, we started off signing with a bang baby and a because I'm, I I know you keeping feet proper. I've seen the black forces with the white laces before. Nah, I haven't. But you know I, I'm not mad at it though.

(3m 15s):
I ain't mad at it. Like what size you were? 16? I'm a 16. Yeah, We'll get you together. I ain't mad at we'll Get you together. I'm a senior Perry, you feel me? Okay. If you see somebody walking with those, he might gently rob you. You know what I'm saying? He ain't Nah, nah, nah, nah, Nah. S coulda got that off with that fit today. Yeah. That got, I'm not mad mad that mad at we, I seen cus hoop. He got some moments where he could wear it out. He got some moments where he could wear it out. That Black King's jersey for sure. Hell of a combo to my right. My dog, young Nacho young team. How you what man? I'm chilling bro. Hype bro. I'm a fan of our guest bro.

(3m 56s):
I'm so excited you hear man. We be trying to get him on the show for a minute, so it's cool For sure. Hell yeah man. Listen man, this episode we've been looking for, for a long time, man. One of the coldest bigs to ever hoop, you know what I'm saying? Kentucky legend, big man. You know what it is? The Marcus Cousins big cousin appreciate you sliding on his big dog. Thank you Guys. Thank you man. I appreciate y'all boys having me man. I love y'all platform. What y'all doing is dope as hell. And you know, you got my full support, Jeff. I I, I appreciate any athlete that, you know, is brave enough to go out and use his voice on everyday basis. So I I I applaud you Bro. Appreciate that bro. Sure. I just got one thing to say before we start. Be here. You and Melo for sure. Favorite y his favorite players bro. For real, bro.

(4m 36s):
Oh, for Sure. Heated Arguments, bro. Arguments and that's the dope platform is for us is like we get, you know what I'm saying? Show loves to people like we fuck with because we really like basketball, but you legit, legit one of his favorite players bro. So this is a dope moment just for to happen, man. I appreciate for sure Bro. Let's get this shit Crack in here, man. We already in Vegas with it. It's 185 degrees nine in the morning. Shout to everybody in Vegas holding it down. Y'all got the toughest scale on earth for sure. We gonna take it back man. High school days man. You know what I'm saying? Growing up where you, you was that dude where you was at, how was it to, you know what I'm saying? To be a point to where you were part of that like inaugural Kentucky recruitment situation.

(5m 21s):
Damn. You know, it was dope bro. And I think it was even more special because the group that was coming in, like, you know, how we came in, you know, from our backgrounds, you know, it is different types of kids that, you know, come into, you know, that collegiate level. And yeah, it just so happened that we were, you know, really, really similar and me, John and Eric, You bled. So, you know, it was really dope to, to go into a situation that we really didn't know what we were getting ourselves into. 'cause originally our plan was to go to Memphis, you know what I'm saying? So, you know, we were, we were Memphis kids. Like if that made sense. Most I'm saying what Joy Dorsey.

(6m 4s):
So, you know, you know, for, for things to kind of switch on the fly the way they did with Kyle, you know, making that move to Kentucky. I mean obviously we wanted to play for Kyle, but you know, going to Kentucky in that, in that moment in time when Kentucky was kind of, you know, it was still a very prestigious school. It was still, you know, one of the most popular schools. But it was in a, a very, you know, low period when it came to, you know, Tubby last years there, you know, they weren't quite having the success and you know, when it came to kids picking schools, you know, Memphis had just became the hotspot, but you know, Kyle leaving. So it was now where, you know, kids were kind of trying to follow Kyle, but outside of that, you know, it was the typical hotspot Kansas, duke, you know, Carolina was still, you know, a very popular school.

(6m 54s):
Yeah. So, you know, those U-C-L-A-U-S-C, things like that. So Kentucky wasn't really ringing like it was in our time, you know what I mean? So for us to kind of go there and you know, just get that blood flowing, that blue blood flowing again and you know, this it, for me, it was definitely one of the most special times in my life when it came to playing basketball. The way they accepted us, the way they embraced us, they allowed us to just be ourselves. And you know, we went out there And, we not only, you know, won games for the university and the school and the fans, but you know, we set a standard that kind of was everlasting for that period of time.

(7m 36s):
You know, Cal Perry was there and you know, you know, we've had conversations with Kyle and you know, he thanks us all the time because Kyle doing what he did. It took a special group like that to keep this, you know, for sure. Yeah. That, that machine running and you know, obviously we didn't win a championship, but you know, the blueprint we kinda set for everybody coming behind us was, you know, even more impactful than actually winning a championship. So we'll always have our special place, you know, in history when it comes to, you know that UK era. Yes. So that 2012 was really dope, man. It was really dope. Yeah. That 2012 team said they beat your ass though.

(8m 16s):
Crazy. Shout out to moot. Nah, shout out to Lil bro. Nah, that what up bro? What up know Moot though man. Moot my dog. And. we, I was kicking it with MOOC during lockout years. So Mo Mook a wild boy bro. So shout the say who gonna guard ad what? Who gonna guard him? Who gonna guard him? Michael Kid. Gil? Yeah. Who gonna guard him? He was the number one point guard of his class as well. Who gives a shit? We had the number one pick in the draft, bro. Whatcha talking about bro too though? They had ad Ooh, we had a number five. We matched up. Perfect. They had number two. I had a job, bro.

(8m 56s):
They Had Gil Gilly, they had T Jones, We had Patrick Patterson. They had T Jones. Hey, it wasn't enough. That's a good, that's a good, that's a good What about that team with Kat and them though? They had a squad, they had a whip. They Had a squad that might have been the most talented team to come through for sure, bro. Just that's man, they had like three starting five. It was crazy. Yeah, that book Off the bench is crazy, bro. But The thing about college, like, you know, you can always, you know, sit there and be like, well we, we the only team that want to chip, well we always, we know like college the best team don't always win facts. The best team that night wins that. So, you know, it ain't necessarily the truth when it comes to, yeah, we won a chip, the other team didn't.

(9m 38s):
When we line that thing up, it's gonna go our way. I promise. That's crazy. I had that much talent go to that school, bro. Dope. Insane. And that's why I asked that question because now you see, you know what I'm saying? Kyle rebranding himself in Arkansas, kind of same situation to where everybody was. All right, Memphis was the standard. We saw D Rose thought Tariq. Alright, I want to be like that. Y'all set the tone for a lot of different things and I think y'all deserve more flyer because y'all were really pioneers in the aspect of coming in and being that one and done situation, that era. Like maybe not as culturally like impactful as like the F five, but y'all were like that for kids of that generation Yeah. To come and actually play together for a common goal because y'all play for each other. Absolutely. And you don't ever see too many recruits in yacht stature at that time period who was doing that.

(10m 19s):
So that's what's super dope. And I know obviously you Kentucky you to the core, but how is it now to see Kyle, you know what I'm saying, get the wheels back rolling in a different situation. Well, I mean that's Kyle, that's kind of expected man. You know, I, I've got the utmost respect for Kyle. Just the way he carries himself, the way he goes about business, the way he approaches relationships with, you know, the people that he choose to have relationships with. So I I I, I appreciate, you know, everything that comes with Kyle. So, you know, to see him go to the next program in, in the first year, obviously they haven't played yet with just, but just with the talent that he's brought in and just this short amount of time shows you the impact that Kyle has put on college basketball.

(11m 2s):
So he's well respected with each generation, you know, and sometimes coaches kind of get lost in the generations. This guy has found a way to flow through each generation and actually be successful within those generations. And success isn't just winning the championship in college. Like I said, it is the best team that night wins. Like, so you can't determine success off, you know, necessarily championships in college because it's that hard to win. And on any given night, it's anybody's night. So I hate that narrative when they try to, well he's only got this many, what, you know, it is, it's bigger than that when it comes to college basketball For sure. He changed many family lives.

(11m 42s):
Lives. Say That again. He changed many families lives. Absolutely, bro. And you know, I've been on record, you know, talking about that conversation, but just him with me deciding to go to the NBA and the conversation we had, it is just like, look, and, and in my mind I'm like, coach, I'm, you know, I'm trying to come back. I wanna win a chip in college. Like, you know, you, you feel that way. You, you fall in love with the place. Like you, you, you really wanna win for that university. So that's where I was at the end of the season and Kyle's like, look dude, if you wanna take care of my family, you gonna stay. If you wanna take care of yours, you outta here. That's real. That's all I needed to hear. That's real. You know what I mean? Real. And it takes a coach like that to understand both sides of this thing.

(12m 25s):
'cause you know, we've all heard the horror stories of coaches holding guys' back. Like, and they missed that opportunity to get to that next level because it's not always guaranteed you could just come back and then you, the the hot thing. That's not how it works. Chicken, when you hot and they, and they like you, you have to, you know, take that step up. Yeah. Because that next year then they start picking you apart. Willie can't do this necessary, you know, so it, it, it gets a little tougher, you know, going year to year. So Kyle understands that he under, he understands both sides. He knows how to remain successful with, you know, doing what he does and he knows how to make these guys that play for him become successful long term. And that's really what it's about.

(13m 5s):
That's real. I gotta ask. I mean we know, you know what I'm saying? He was well taken care of regardless of how he was gonna take it. But imagine now if y'all have had the official official NIL situation, Oh my god. What you, I would've stayed four years. I tell you that. How much you think you would've got? My god. Especially in Kentucky. Shit come on man. And it's not necessarily because you know, I think we was the hot shit I put timing into it and everything, just, just the timing of it. You know, us kind of being that team to lift Kentucky back up out of the shadows if you want to say it. That's Facts.

(13m 47s):
How much these kids getting I saw, I see what's the, the big kid from Kansas got 2 million to Transfer right? Yeah. To iu. Yep. Y have got five. Come on bro. Yeah y'all five Get two s to transfer is crazy. Yeah. To leave y'all. I see y'all getting five. If You would've came back for your sophomore season, you would've got 5 million. Easy. Yeah, what I'm getting from my junior season bro. You ain't gonna be there bro. 10. Yeah, I say you come on bro. You Shit, if I'm getting more than the rookie contract, why not? Nah, you Would, you've left. He was gonna be top five regardless you Kyle wasn't even gonna let you stay to that long bro. Kyle wouldn't let you stay four you, you really out of pocket for one to say you damn near really too old to still wanna kick it on campus. All that money you wanna be rich in Lexington it out for.

(14m 31s):
I ain't mad at, but I was like fa Zack, do you really wanna be 24 Rich on college campus pro go to the league where it's that real friend. Y'all tripping man. I don't know. I ain't never rich enough to pass up on no money, but I'm just saying that you had, it is not like that's it, that's all for you. You was the number one pick regardless, you know what I'm saying? I wasn't the number one pick bro outside of John. You was gonna go number one. Nah, I didn't. I didn't because you left with him. Nah, nah, nah, nah. You Was definitely into the running for number one pick. Yes bro. If you would've came back that next year, that's how it ended up coming. But it, for me it was, you know, me going into college, I wasn't the guy where it was like, oh he's guaranteed.

(15m 13s):
Yeah, that wasn't my position. Like it ended up happening for me throughout the, the season. So yeah, me initially it is like I got comfortable in that situation after we lost. It's like I'm comfortable here. Like also I want to win. Like, and then for me, the N NBA A was just, I never really thought I was ready. Like, you know what I mean? I knew I was talented but I'm looking at guys like Ben Wallace and shit. I'm like man, I ain't got a chance in, in hell bro. You know, looking at Shaq, Tim, these dude huge bro. Yeah. Crazy. So that was never really my reality. But you know, by the end of that year things changed for me and, and like I said, the conversation definitely put things into perspective for me with Kyle.

(15m 54s):
So, you know, I made that joke. Who'd you model your game after though growing up? Because to me I feel like you was one of the first stretch bigs that could really handle the ball like that. Like I don't really know anybody before you that could really play outside the three point line. Like the, for me I kind of say my game is, is it's like a mutt. Like, you know what I mean? I, I never had a favorite team growing up. I'm from Alabama, she won't, we don't have a right. So I had a lot of favorite like favorite players. So obviously my, my number one was Carmelo Anthony. Like I could See that I the way move with the ball his size, the physicality, the finesse, the combination of both.

(16m 35s):
I, you know, I fell in love with it. Imari Meyer, the same type guy. Stat. Obviously I love Shaq but just his dominance and, and the intimidation that he played with. Yeah. I love P Gau with his grace. Like just the way and the way he thought the game, you know, he didn't rely on just athleticism. So you definitely a mutt. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You know, I took sure and I had the opportunity to, you know, being in Amari's camps growing up as a kid. So I got to know Amari. Even the high socks I took that, you know, from Amari and Miller Young meow. So, you know, I got a chance to pick his brain as a young kid, which you know, really helped.

(17m 17s):
And you know, I could see the way he used his feet more so than, you know, his, his his just usual athletics and it was more in the feet with getting around people and being crafty with that. So. Okay. I just took a lot of things that I saw from, from players that I liked and you know, I just kind of combined it into my game. And these were the results of it. I do. It was a monster bro. He came on the scene as a rookie and was dominant. Yeah. I'm like damn. I used to say when we played I'm like man, if he get in shape 'cause that rookie year used to get tired. Yeah. I'm like if he get in shape he gonna average 30. Like he too good. And I remember Al Ver saying this motherfucker is nice, he nice and I'm like al, he like, yeah al don't cuss.

(18m 1s):
No. He was like, he's nice bro, he's nice. He was like man we gotta stay away from him. He gotta stay in the west. We gotta stand the west. Al I'm saying he nice to me. He really nice though. I Appreciate that. Yeah, me and Al definitely have some battles. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, he wasn't telling me that, I tell you That. Nah, hell nah. But You Know he get in the locker room, he like, nah, he nice bro. That's what's up. Because that's how I felt about John. Like, you know when you come in the league, I'm like man, he ain't about to do all that running fast. Shit. The first game he damned her had he had his best game against us. It was like his second game of the year. I think he had like 25 and like 10. I was like yep, stay away from that. Yo, This dude was a lightning ball bro. Yeah. Like that's crazy. That's probably one of the few people league who was probably just as fast if not faster than you.

(18m 42s):
Yeah. But he had Rebox on so I was like nah, Zig tech ain't no way. He about to get busy than them. He got busy though. I was like That's Funny as though the rebar era that that was y'all was the last era of the nasty team AAU shoes. You had the Reeb box with the Adidas, with the, the pro ballers Pat Leathers. Yeah. Yeah. It was bad times but We definitely came up in the nasty era so. Oh, for sure. For sure. Oh we had aches. Yeah, we did aches was school. Yeah. Can't be mad at aches. Nah, our classic, you gotta respect it. And it was, y'all had, y'all was Kentucky so y'all had that shit too. And. we had some shit. Yeah, we had some shit for sure. They used to have a long shorts. I went to Wake Forest, I used to be jealous 'cause they shorts came down to they calf, they had lead turnover Fuckers man Shorts at his shoe license.

(19m 31s):
I'm like, he whiling Getting busy though. Yeah. I'm like, what his, but man, like you said you was, you was going through the process like all how can I compete with these guys? And then you go and now it's like, all right, I'm in a league and I'm doing what the fuck I'm supposed to do. How was that moment when you got set settled in Sacramento? Like getting to being an NBA pro? How did I get settled into it? Or just how did the confidence, like all I'm like, I'm, I'm here. Like I ain't, I ain't question I'm here, I'm supposed to be here. It started with me in practice honestly. Like, and I'm a guy that like, I build off moments, you know what I mean? And once I surpass that mo I don't really look back.

(20m 12s):
Like I don't even take time to really appreciate it. It is on the next like, you know what, what can I do next? So, and I plan on, you know, I enjoy the fruits of my life at the end, you know what I'm saying? So with that being said, it started in practice, you know, and I had a really good defensive, big as in my rookie year in Samuel Linberg. Yeah. He was older, but he was, you know, he was really good defensively, he was smart and you know, playing against him every day. Like if I can, if I, if I could fry him, don't nobody else really got a chance. Like, and obviously it was guys, you know, that were better defensively, but you know, for him to be my test every single day. Mm. Yeah.

(20m 52s):
You know, for a full season. Yeah. That was, you know, that was like great, you know, target practice for me. So it started there and then, you know, with just each game I, I built, you know, my confidence grew and you know, it was also kinda hard because I had a coach that was not fucking with me at all. That's what Fact? Oh, we see. He wasn't really fucking with anybody. Yeah. At the time it was Paul Westfall. Yeah. So he was like, he, he never wanted me to shoot the ball. He, he didn't even want the ball in my hands. Which, you know, I thought was, you know, crazy. But, and it's kinda weird because in a way, you know, they, they'll dog you out and say you ain't coachable when you don't do what a coach tells you.

(21m 33s):
But yeah, let's say I was coachable in that situation, where would my career have gone? You know what I'm saying? For real. I mean, it could have been shorter. I could have been a completely different player. Like, you know, the opportunity could have whatever. It's, it's a lot of hypotheticals, but you know, that's just, you know, things I kind of think about in those type situations. But as far as just continuing my growth, it, it started in practice and, you know, it carried over the games and then with each game I got better. I'm, I'm facing these guys that I, I grew up watching, you know, I'm like, oh, I'm really frying these niggas, you know what I'm saying? Like, and you know, once I just got to that level of, you know, I feel like I'm the best player on the floor every night, you know, it was really no looking back for me.

(22m 17s):
And you know, that was my mindset every night, you know, I I wanted to kill what was ever in front of me. It didn't ma really matter who it was. Who got at you though, your rookie year? Plenty. Plenty. Like who was that one that really like, aw damn I'm cooking him but he tearing my ass up ball. That's crazy that, I mean, I got a long list, bro. TD Tim Duncan. Yeah man, he fried word A mute killing. Yeah, he, man TD Kg get at him. Nah, I mean towards the end with kg he wasn't really, you know, a bucket getter. Like KG was like a talker.

(22m 58s):
Yeah. He was the ultimate team guy. But you know, he, he kind of finished, they put the ball in his hands at the end of the game sometimes him and Pete Paul Pierce. So it was kind of like that situation, but he wasn't necessarily the guy getting it every possession. Okay. So not, not kg, but Zebo for sure. Zebo Fry. I might ass a few times. That's that's always been, you know, a fun matchup for me. Yeah, legend. Absolutely. Yeah, for sure. Andrew by used to, He was big as shit, Bro. Andrew by used to fuck me up, bro. He was tall. I used to call Andrew Bynum before he tweaked out. Yeah, yeah, sure. Yeah. By was Bynum was really good. Nah, He was though Like early in my career and he was young, super young too.

(23m 41s):
He was, yeah he Was, he was going back at Shaq, bro. Yeah, he was big back Young age. Did you play Shaq? I did. Shaq almost broke my motherfucking back pause. But fuck, Shaq was in his last, that was his last season. He was with the Salt. Yeah. Man, Shaq was like four 50 out there, bro. Like, he wasn't even moving like bro. And I went to go for a rebound and I jumped backwards. Yeah. I just felt like I ran into a wall and my whole back cracked like, damn, I just laid on the floor, bro. Like, man just contemplating like, do I really wanna do this shit? But Hey, at that time him and Nate was Wildling bro.

(24m 23s):
They, he picked Nate up in the game against us. They was beating us so bad in Atlanta. He picked Nate up in the game. Oh. I Seen him do that in practice. Oh. He Picked him up in the game, said pass me the fucking ball. Picked him up. I said, man, what is these niggas That's, they used used Wild, They beat us by 30, bro. I was like, bro, what do they do? Picked this man up in a game, bro. Yeah, I've, I've definitely got my fair share. Hell yeah. I, that's the league bro. I don't think there's nobody to come through the league, but like, yeah, I've never had a a bad night or a motherfucker ain't never fried me. That's Cap. It's not, you ain't play Enough. You ain't, Bro, you know I playing. Yeah, that's not possible bro. You gonna have a bad knife for sure.

(25m 2s):
Hey man, listen, I know it just happened but I'm reminiscing of how we all slid to Vegas for the fight. What was crazy is, you know what I'm saying, we, we had a little bit of an issue figured out. We was gonna lay our head, you know what I'm saying? We had equipment. I think the best decision we did, man was the side to actually look into an Airbnb. The guest favorites made that whole worry situation. 'cause y'all was sweating. Y'all thought we was about to go back to the crib. We wasn't about to have no Vegas weekend, but Airbnb came in, clutch got us in a nice comfortable spot. How you like it, man, you know what I'm normally I know you be, I know you be staying at some good places. You a harsh critic. It was perfect man. It was a really good time. Our state was perfect man. Perfect. And how you feel about the trip, man? Love Airbnb man. Shout out to y'all. What's your favorite part about the be experience man? Was it being a b you know what I'm saying? The comfortability, The air condition. It is hot man. Shout out to the amenities. Look, if you looking for wonderful place to stay, Airbnb is the first place to look.

(25m 56s):
Allstate wants to remind fans that mayhem is everywhere. Like when your fantasy league meets up at your house, everything's great until the hot plate gets too hot for the tablecloth. Now your kitchen's up in Smoke And if you don't have the right home insurance coverage. The cost to fix this is anything but a fantasy. So switch to Allstate, save money and get protected from mayhem like this. Not available in every state terms. Apply savings vary. Allstate vehicle and property insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.

(26m 27s):
It's back to everything season on the Today Show. It always feels so good to get back to It, back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to Wake up for. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch the Today Show every morning on NBC because every day meet today, back the day. Make it alright.

(26m 57s):
It can get lonely climbing Mount McKinley. So to entertain myself, I go to chumba casino.com. At Gemma Casino I could play hundreds of online casino style games for free, like online slots, bingo, Slingo and more. Plus I get a daily login bonus. It's just too bad that up here I don't have anyone to share my excitement with. Woo-hoo Woo-hoo Chma. Live the TVA life anytime, Anywhere. Play for free now@tempacasino.com. btw group. No purchase necessary void prohibited by loss terms and conditions. 18 plus

(27m 27s):
when it comes to business. The people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo.

(27m 54s):
Lenovo, I've always wanted to ask this and this is one of my favorite gifts means of all time. The post game interview, when they asked you about the officiate, you said it is got de but that's my favorite gift means of all time, bro. It is used for all the wrong shit. But that was one of my favorite things about I've got for you. I had to ask you about the how is that, because he was in a moment you was like, man, this is some bullshit. But to get that seat every you so much now, how is that man? Because you like immortalized with that One man, bro. Jeff, you know how that shit goes, bro. Come on man. Like, it's like a a a unwritten thing man. They be on bullshit. Nah, you know, you know the league push narratives bro.

(28m 34s):
You know, and sometimes it's, you know, we need this team to get by or we ain't really concerned about this team winning right now. Yeah. So, you know, it was one of them moments and I wasn't really happy about it, bro. Like, like let, let, let us play ball. Like let us play ball like at the end of the day. And you know, I hate when they kind of, you know, over ref or you know, want to control the game too much. Then it, they take the game outta the player's hands. So that's real. It was kind of one of those moments for me. And then, you know, when it comes to basketball, bro, like what, what makes it fun is the, you know, the way people express themselves and, and you know, the different emotions that you get throughout the game.

(29m 16s):
Like that's what made us fall in love with the game from the beginning. Yeah. So, and obviously the NBA is a business and not only is it a business, it's a billion dollar business. So it's, it's up there like, so it's a lot of, you know, qualities that have to go into, you know, being a a, a worker of the NBA. So with that being said, you know, it, it's kinda like a fine line between, you know, the raw foundation of basketball and you know, incorporating business into it as well. So for guys that fell in love with the game, you know, naturally, organically, you know, it's kinda hard to translate. You know what I mean? Yeah. The enter entertainment aspect kick in. Yeah. So for me, like when I step on the floor, bro, my number one purpose is I wanna go win the game.

(30m 0s):
Like I'm gonna show every expression when I'm excited about a play. You gonna see that when I'm upset. You might see that, you know, if I'm frustrated, you might see that. And that's just kind of how sports go. It's, it's full of emotions. Those emotions also get you over the hump, you know what I mean? Those emotions that, that digging deep. Like I'm not gonna allow this, this player to score on me. Those type of emotions help you perform. So, you know, once you start trying to take that outta the game, it's hard for guys to translate. 'cause you know, some guys feed off that and then it's, it's other athletes that you know, are naturally nonchalant like this motherfucker. Yeah, yeah. They don't really give a fuck. You know what I, and they, and they're that talented enough to, you know, get by with it.

(30m 44s):
Oh yeah, I care Man. But man it is, you know, I like, at the end of the day, like I, I appreciate, you know, every way and at the end of the day, this game, this sport is an art. Like how you decide to express your art, like that's how you do it, you an artist. So, you know, that's the part of the game that kind of frustrates me when it comes to, you know, the business and the raw foundation of it. For sure. 'cause Dre was on yesterday and he was talking about like, you know what I'm saying, when you doing that and you winning, it's passionate. It is all these good things. Yeah. And then with it is not, it is perceived as a oh he's a problem. He can't control himself. It's just like the same things that helped me win is the same thing you criticizing me for. Yeah.

(31m 24s):
So what you want me to do in this situation, right? Yeah. But we always talk very highly of this team. When you was on man, y'all p can squad was so nice, y'all had one of the most underrated rosters of all time. How'd that link up happen? Which part? The beginning. You just even thinking about going there? I wasn't thinking about it. It happened like yeah, I wasn't thinking about it at all. I got traded, you know, during the All-star game right after. So, you know, that happened and you know, I was at a point in my career, you know, I was in Sacramento for six and a half years, almost seven years. And you know, I was frustrated. I wanted help, I wanted another guy on my caliber.

(32m 7s):
Like I just wanted something to help me, you know, get over that hump. I was really passionate about winning. I wanted to be that guy to, you know, take them out of their losing years, all of those things. But it just didn't happen. And bro, it would get to the point where I would just go home and pray like, bro, just send me some help. Like, yeah, anybody, and you know, you ask for things they, you know, it'll happen, but not necessarily in the form you expected it to. So I ended up, you know, getting traded and initially when it, I'm on the phone with my agent, rest in peace, Dan Fagan and he's like, you know, we could veto the trade, we could tell him we're not showing whatever, whatever. And in that moment I'm like, damn, Anthony Davis.

(32m 49s):
Like, and like I've been asking to play Yeah. You know, a guy that's similar in talent, like they can help me get over the hump. And I'm like, it's not necessarily, you know, a guaranteed thing that I can get to a spot with that type of help or that can help me continue to be successful in my career. So I'm like, fuck it, we gonna make this shit work. Like, and I knew, I already knew ad I knew that, you know? Yeah. The, the different, you know, the, the skillset that he had, you know, he could do a lot of different things with the basketball. So with that alone, I was intrigued and I'm like, we can definitely make some shit. Y'all was Cool and it would take, and you know, coming in I'm like, you know, I, we gotta figure each other out.

(33m 34s):
And that, that first half of season that we played, it wasn't that successful. But we had a lot of good moments and you know, that was good enough for me. I'm like, oh we gonna definitely make this shit work. We got an off season to kind of get some guys in here to compliment us. So I think we can make some things work. And on top of all of that, we had the perfect coach Vin Gentry who was, you know, super open-minded, you know, he was a free flow type of coach. He was, he was the coach I would say is all about controlled chaos, if that makes sense. Yeah, for sure. So he allowed me and ad to you know, get a rebound and push and initiate the offense And. We also have to, you know, compliment Rajon and, and Drew 'cause those guys were the ultimate teammates with allowing us elite what they do, but also allowing us to flourish and what we do.

(34m 24s):
Yeah. And it took guys like them to, you know, be unselfish and also understand the bigger picture and what we were trying to do to be okay with that. It was, it was times Ron Rondo would get a rebound and throw me the ball to bring it up. Like, so we had that type of chemistry and obviously it was short lived but man it definitely could have been a beautiful situation. I could have won the shit, bro. Oh man. And, and honestly I don't think it was happening that that year that, you know, I blew my Achilles. But you know, down the line, I definitely thought we had a chance to be a special team. We definitely needed, you know, more shooters to, you know, kind of help us out and open the floor up for us. But we definitely had the foundation in the quarter, you know, make some shape.

(35m 6s):
I always tell the story when we played y'all, I remember you was talking shit to me and you was like, why, why you ain't playing? I was sitting at one game and he was like, why you ain't playing? I was like, next time we play you I'm playing. He was like, you scared of dope? He scared of dope. He's, He's scared of dope. And I'm like, what? So we go to Minnesota, we playing because I'm on the court. I'm like, yeah motherfucker. I was like, Kat buss his ass. He said what bro? It's a picture Kat posting up. He looking at our bench like I said, Hey Bro, crazy. So you're behind that. It's him bro. Bro's Always jumped off.

(35m 46s):
It's him bro. You being a part of that is crazy bro. He's Cas posting the mastermind Bro. And He's looking at, I'm crying bro. I'm like, hey bro, who's crazy and did again on offense, like I told you, he start on s 'cause go to the basket, cat just wrap him up. He like switch ta ta ta. He was like, he can't run tits, he gotta go or somebody. I said he's crazy. I was like, this dude, wow bro, y'all be having like Kentucky beef man. Nah it wasn't, it wasn't that it for me. I got a lot of love for Kat I think. Nah, nah, Shout. I think Ka is super talented man and a really good player. He had a really good season this year too.

(36m 28s):
Shout out to him. But you know, for me in the time I was at it, it was more so just coming from a competitive nature. Like I said, when I stepped on the floor, bro, like I'm killing whatever in front of me. Respect. And I want you to understand at the end of the game the difference between me and you. Like that was my mindset. So nah, honestly I was just trying to put Kat in his place. Like in my mind I, I felt like I was the best big in the league and you know, it is also a form of a compliment because I know how talented, you know, Kat is the fact that at that moment in time Kat was considered one of the better guys in the league or a better big in the league. I'm you on my radar too. Same way. I'm on yours. So when we, when we match up, I'm gonna make sure I get the best of you And.

(37m 11s):
we win the game and you know that was, that was my mindset. Y'all might have the best big lineage though. I was thinking about that. The colleges Kentucky just you can ad alone is, That's a crazy Yeah, Yeah. Yep. Yeah y'all de yeah big man you for sure. Yeah. Yeah. From a big, yeah that's, and also as we know from a guard standpoint, it ain't too many people fucking with Kentucky. Nah, nah. Kentucky. That's why Cal de near the goat bro. He is the goat bro. Like you, I mean like it is many forms of a goat too bro. Like obviously he's not the most winningest coach. Yeah but his impact on college bro. Nah for real Like changed it untouchable like it's not many players coach Came to go.

(37m 55s):
It's many forms of A gold. It's many forms of players. It's but coach ain't saying that many top players like that bro. What he didn? Nah, he got a bunch of top players. Oh Kentucky. Kentucky got way better NBA players than Duke. Ah yeah, Kentucky got for sure Bro. But we can go from C years on up. But that's what I'm saying. What, what generation I'm saying because JT bi, I and all them after that Jabari all them, they hard beat me down. That's killers Because you got jt, Jabari, Zion, Kyrie, Kyrie, Ky, Ky, Rj, Barry, Kyrie don't count bro. He do played two games dog.

(38m 37s):
Oh you played one year bro. He was there, he was there. Coffee man man what I'm taking, I'm taking Duke overall talent bro. Devin Booker, him John Wall, it's a long list. You Bro as a Louisville fan hurts me to even pick you Kevin this out. But I have to pick you Kevin on that. Yeah. And that's let you know how much y'all fuck with Cal because I ain't care about his lip because he wasn't no shit. But like tell me and him, I ain't like them but I like Cal because fuck basketball. I'm about to make sure that it don't matter what y'all do the next four years of y'all life, everybody about to be straight. Absolutely. And I fuck with that more than anything 'cause it's like fuck sports everybody about to be cool and I'm gonna make sure y'all cool. Yeah y'all can put a banner up but I'd rather everybody mortgages be taken care of. Absolutely. I'm fucking with.

(39m 17s):
Yeah Rick Patino could never Come on. Nah, nah. He did shout out to Hey Uncle Rick. Yeah off the court. Respect the casino. Hey we ain't no drink bars in. He got a Louis Bird on his arm. It is this logo. It Is. He's dedicated. Oh you for real. I dunno why he do that. So that's wild though. That's my lineage for the family I Feel, I Feel I ain't go there. Hold on. What? He don't even know why Louis Butler. This for The fam though. Butler. What about Butler bro? Fuck Them. It's too crazy man.

(39m 58s):
It's too crazy. I ain't gotta show him back tattoo. That's crazy. Shout to my dog. Oh man. But now in the era, know what I'm saying? You see a lot of crazy bigs like how is it now that you see like the bigs kind of flourishing like as you see, you know what I'm saying? Step back to see that because I definitely feel like just you came a little bit too early pause like you would've been doing the same type of time. Like you seeing big, you see yo like dominating the league at that position getting MVP Mitch because at one time, you know what I'm saying, the big was respected but it was kind of like slighted with your numbers. Now it's like okay, they leading the wave type shit. Right. It's definitely, you know, an era thing. I do feel I came in, you know, a little early when it came to my skillset and the way I played the game because like I said, when I came in the league, my playing style wasn't really embraced.

(40m 45s):
Even when I went to college. Like, you know, me and Kyle laugh about it all the time now, but like Kyle, you lied to me bro. Like he told me I was gonna be bringing the ball up, all these different first practice bro. I tried to, I got a rebound, tried to bring it up, I didn't turn it over and Kyle Lewis was stomp, he like, what the fuck are you doing? Like why are you dribbling the ball? I got the number one pick at point guard and I got my fucking center dribbling the ball. That's college. And in my mind I'm like, you right. Damn you told me you know, do my thing. Like, so it was like nah like get your big ass under the basket and you know, try to catch laws nigga.

(41m 27s):
So you know, going into the league it was, it was similar. It was still, it was still two bigs in the post post when I came into the league, you know they were really pushing, you know, you know the jump hooks and shit like that. It wasn't, it wasn't the flashy layups and being crafty around the basket that wasn't really embraced and definitely shooting and ball handling it definitely wasn't embraced. Not at all. Nah. So that's kinda why, you know, I could see why Westfall wasn't really feeling me either as a player. So, you know, fast forward to now and you know, you see where it's basically the big is initiating the offense in the NBA. No matter if they can score it or not.

(42m 8s):
Yeah. The offense is initiated through the big and it's just crazy to see the game now develop into what was once upon what, what was once frowned upon. You know what I'm saying? So you know that's that's basketball though. Yeah. You started that shit though. Evolve. You know, I mean we at the point now where guys don't even know how to make a post pass. Like when I was growing up that was actually a drill. Like, you know, show how go low, you know, drive to The elbow. Yeah. Like we able to actually know how to make a post pass for sure. That's something that's not even really taught anymore. So it just shows the evolution of the game. It's like now they even ridicule bigs you can't shoot it is like bro, he ain't even supposed to.

(42m 49s):
I was like, bro, yo, you can't hear the open three sit down. It's like damn. Nah, that's true. I remember when he started, I mean you was always capable of shooting threes, but I remember when you started shooting threes like pulling up. I'm like, bro, he really going, I'm like, he gonna shoot here. He one like bro, if you was back bro, he was shooting like a guard. Like I ain't tripping like I shoot threes bro. I ain't about to hesitate or nothing. I'm like, oh yeah, he got all the freedom in the world. And I remember we al Wil said that like, I gotta start shooting threes. Like that's where the game is going. That's why I think Al was real special 'cause he always knew where the game was going. Always adapted. Used to say that he was like The game though. Yeah, that's dope. He definitely shooting the cover off Bro.

(43m 30s):
That's all he shooting at. Shit. Nasty, but go in Disgusting man. Shit. But we hit them six, get the pace. I said come man, what the fuck man. I know how but kind damn six bro. You not Kyle Corver bro, bro. I'm telling you Shit. He is now. Yeah, Nah, like, like you said, the biggest, the, it is the big era right now. Like, and to see a guy like Zach, Edie get drafted what top 10? Yep. And for people in college it's say, man, he can't play in this league. He can't do that. I think it's another turn of the game because he and him go top 10 lets me know, we're going back to the big man era because I would've never thought Zach, Edie was going top 10, but we he was too slow.

(44m 10s):
He was going first round and so when he went, he got caught. I was like, oh shit, yo, this, but, but the playoff showed it though. Yeah, but you see him and the guy from Yukon, I don't know, I don't know his name for sure, the bid from Yukon that got drafted too. Yeah. And it's like rim protection running the floor, big score and the paint, the big man air is back and like to know that it's like, and you still hoop. I'm like, shit, what, what we doing man? I don't know what we doing bro. You know, I've, I've embraced this new journey like, you know, it can be a lot of reasons why I'm not in the BA or whatever the case may be. Yeah. This is also why I've kind of, you know, moved into this lane too of using my voice and you know, just speaking for myself because we also came into an era where if something was said, you just kinda had to take it on the chin that was, that was labeled as being professional.

(45m 5s):
Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And now's the era. It is like motherfuckers say something, players come out like you motherfucking lot. Like, you know what I'm saying? We in that era now. So right now a lot of things was said and you know, a lot of narratives was put on my name and you know, something true, something not. And at the end of the day, if, if you wanna know who I am as a person or how I carry myself every day, you can hear straight from the horse's mouth. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So I don't need nobody else to speak on who I'm, I can speak for myself. Yeah. And that's just kind of where I'm at with it now. And as far as, you know, continuing to hoop, man, I love the game. Like, you know, it's, it is hard to just like, all right, I'm done with this shit.

(45m 46s):
I've been doing this shit since I was a kid. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like yeah, this is like waking up, brushing my teeth for sure. You know what I'm saying? So just to, you know, call it quits 'cause one, one door shut on me. There's so many opportunities out here and I've come to understand that and I've, I've come to embrace it. So, you know, I'm gonna continue my journey playing And. if, you know, as far as me, you know, reaching out, trying to convince these guys of what I am and who I am, you know, I'm kind of done with that. Like an opportunity comes that makes sense for me. You know, you know, I consider that I, I definitely look into it, but it's, as far as me, you know, going out, trying to reach out to them, I'm, I'm past that because, you know, you know, you know what I bring to the floor.

(46m 30s):
It is, it is been proven. If you really wanted to know who I am, you would take the time out yourself to get to know me and, and not listen to them next. 'cause that's what this business is like. That's why narratives is such an important thing. Like, because that's literally what you know, is passed around. It's not them like, Hey man, you know, who are you? What, what are your answers? What are you, it is none of that. No. Never have, you know what I'm saying? They just listen to the next person. Yep. And everybody don't vibe with each other. It could be some shit I don't like about you and you can go tell him, well, he don't like me so shit, I don't like him. Like yeah. Yeah. And that's just kind of how it goes. So, you know, that's where I'm at with when it comes to, you know, playing ball.

(47m 10s):
Shout that overseas life though. That shit's sweet, you know, I'm enjoying it, bro. Yeah. I honestly, I just gained a whole new respect for Hoop because, you know, you be brainwashed to think like the NBA is the ultimate level of basketball, which is a fact in itself, but when you think about it, it, it's only what, 600 guys in the league? It's 2 billion people playing basketball. So you mean to tell me the 601st person isn't good, You know what I'm saying? Like, so, you know, I've come to experience like, to understand that and bro, I'm, you know, I'm back to, you know, really loving the game and, and, and getting back to my competitive nature and being myself and yeah, bro, it's been fun.

(47m 53s):
I found my joy again. You know, I'm happy. I'm happy where I'm at in life and you know, I'm, I'm gonna do this shit until I'm tired of it. Man. When you get tired, man, comply on my team in a big three, man. Yeah, Bro. I'm gonna get there, bro. Man, I Know you got, I'm gonna get there. You got about you about three or four more years. Yeah, but when you get there, Bro, you are not gonna be playing in the big three or 40. Shit. You aint big three. Fun as hell. I see you out there cooking. I'm trying bro. I was getting cooked by a young nigga though. You my ass. You my as man. Shout to Briscoe, Kentucky. Ah, Oh For sure. Oh, he was on Brisco Was a bucket Bro. He was on my ass. But nah, big three cool though.

(48m 34s):
No, I other big three. I'm talking about you at Ford. I'm gonna be out there bro. Oh Bro. You gonna be coaching bro? I am gonna be coaching. You'll be there on no, Gary Peyton. Yeah, I'll be a coach. Yeah, I'm gonna be a coach. Swaggy P Turner a coach. Nick. Yo be the coach is crazy. They be winning though. Nick. Team winning. Yeah, they got Jordan Crawford, jc. Oh yeah? Yeah. You bucket jc. Shout out to instant grits man. That's my dog, bro. Yeah, he be cooking out there. That's a hell of a Day. Yeah, he got that name in New Orleans. Yeah. Instant. That's his lane though. Yeah. Or Big three? Yeah. Go get a Go get a bucket for sure. Filthy out there bro. He can't do nothing with it. Nah, he can't mess with me bro. For sure, man. But listen, because we appreciate you sliding on this man.

(49m 15s):
This is a highly anticipated interview man. We thank you for sliding on this big dog man. Tell the people where they can find you at where they can support you at too, man. Shit, this, you know, it's Boogie Cousins on Instagram and you know I got my own podcast with all the Smoke with Rachel Nichols, so that's been going really well with me, sir. For me and you know, just support, man, support all this shit, man. I think it's, it is really dope what we doing and like I said, it takes a lot of courage to, you know, go out and do these things so you know, support my brother Jeff and his guys and appreciate this thing. Rolling. Let's take over Know, man, you hard. Tap in. Check the show. Auto Smoke Productions Club 5 21 more time to you. Redemption. Where we at again? Resorts World man.

(49m 55s):
Vegas bro. Vegas baby. So much love. We appreciate y'all letting us create this space, like share some, scrap, all that good shit. But before we get up outta here, be here and set up people. They can buy some merch. Shop Club five twenty.com. First person to buy TT Search, be here and go buy you some black forces with white laces coming straight to the door with it, man. Be back next time. The Volume, you,

(50m 18s):
Allstate wants to remind fans that mayhem is everywhere. Like when your fantasy league meets up at your house, everything's great until the hot plate gets too hot for the tablecloth. Now your kitchen's up in Smoke And if you don't have the right home insurance coverage. The cost to fix this is anything but a fantasy. So switch to Allstate, save money and get protected from mayhem like this. Not available in every state terms. Apply savings vary. Allstate vehicle and property insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.

(50m 49s):
Want to teach your kids financial literacy but not sure where to start. Greenlight can help with Greenlight. Parents can keep an eye on kids spending and saving while kids and teens use a card of their own to build money. Confidence. As a parent, you can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance, and more. It's a convenient way to run your household, customized to your family's needs, and the easy way to raise financially smart kids. Get started with Greenlight today and get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart.

(51m 18s):
Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime in sight. That's the power of Mrs. Meyers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Meyers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com now.

(51m 50s):
The fall season, we don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold onto that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.

(52m 20s):
This episode is brought to you by FX is the Old Man. The hit show returns starring Jeff Bridges and John Lithgow. The former CIA agent sets off on his most important mission to date to recover his daughter. After she's kidnapped the stakes get higher and more secrets are uncovered. FX is the old man premier, September 12th on FX Stream on Hulu.