
It's the most wonderful time of the year for getting in on all the hoops football and hockey action. At Draftking Sports Book. Download the Draftking Sports book app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks. Happy Holidays from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction. Floyd in Ontario bet must win to receive reward Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, c dk nng.co/b


Ball Outta y'all this weekend, get an all access pass to Apple TV plus no time Like the present. Forbes is calling Apple TV plus the best streaming service out there right now with critically acclaimed hit series and films like Severance, shrinking Wolves, Ted Lasso silo, and the morning show. We Are not finished. We're On a hot streak, but don't just take their word for it. See for yourself it looks fabulous. I can't wait to see it. Stream Apple TV plus for free January 4th through January 5th. Applelight de required,


You know, you've gotta comeback in you when you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance, this is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. You mentioned that you played Elden ring for 167 hours. What was it about that game that you, because there's only 168 hours in a seven in a seven day span, right? So you played less one hour less than an entire week. I mean, did you get tired? So how, how does that work? I mean, how does bathroom break breaks work? How do Food? Yeah, so I just, yeah, yeah. So like what I do is for my marathon games, I literally have this, I think it's just in my head to never quit. Like I just can't quit a lot. Like I had the option to quit, but it's like, once I say I'm gonna do something, I'm gonna get it done by like, by any means possible.


Like literally I'm gonna get it done and it's like bathroom. Oh, I gotta use the bathroom. Lemme go to the bathroom. I gotta take a shower. I have like a camera that watch me shower in, like in like swimming trunks. Okay. So I, I take a shower and I have my chef at the a and p house. They make me like breakfast, lunch, and Oh, you Got a Chef? Yeah. Yeah, the group got a chef. Oh, okay, okay. And the group got a chef, so we all make sure we got like breakfast, lunch, and dinner. So yeah. So what's a, what's a, what's a car? Breakfast. Oh, car breakfast. Scrambled eggs, hard toast of butter. Bacon. That's It. Best. And I like french toast. Okay. Apple or orange juice for the bad. Okay, you get that. What's Yours?


Egg white burrito with chicken. How are those? Are those good? I like it. Yeah, I mean for What's the, like what do you eat right now? On a daily, like, it's like chicken, Turkey ground. I'm in the gym, so I'm trying to see like, what can I be eating for breakfast. You are not gonna be my side no matter what you eat unless you eat an elephant. So, but no, I'll, I'll eat, I'll eat a egg white, so I eat egg whites, chicken wrapped in a tortilla. Then I'll eat chicken, broccoli, carrots, then I'll eat chicken, broccoli rice. Then I'll eat. You don't get tired Of chicken. I don't, I And that What type, what type of chicken?


Fried chicken? No. Hey. Oh, I like, I, oh, I like fried chicken, but I like fried chicken, bro. I mean, I like fried chicken too, but I can't eat it every day. Oh. I mean, I baked chicken. Huh? Baked? Yes. Bake, grill? Mm, ground. Oh, okay. Okay. But main, mainly chicken, Turkey, ground beef. I heard like eggs is really good too. Eat Eggs are good. Yeah, but I only eat good. I don't look, I can only, my body can only handle so much sofa, so I won't go eat eggs. I'm eating breakfast and that's it. Okay. And no more eggs the rest of the day? I like eggs. I like, like egg sandwiches. I like more eggs in the morning. I don't know, like, I just like eggs. So what, what, what's a, what's a lunch for you? What do you eat for lunch? Oh my God.


For lunch. You never go be a big manca. You do realize that when I'm In the gym, Chipotle? No, when I'm not in the gym, it's really bad. I don't Know. I mean, oh, but I'm not in, I feel Like get the rice chicken when I'm not in the gym. We go American deli. The chefs make some stuff. They make like white rices covered gold. Yeah. Be slapping a lot. I make a lot of stuff, you know, for lunch, not, nah, I don't make it, but yeah. You feel me? Because you know, when you don't have your mom no more, it's like, it like, damn. Do you have, do you have the shelf to make some of the dishes that your mom made when you were growing up? No, they're Jamaican so they don't even know to make like they make. Okay, okay. So, okay. It's really good. Like, so I, because I met you like curry, I like, well damn, that ain't what? No, so I love, bro, my, my mom Trinidad and my ation and Caribbean food.


I love covered goat. I like rice, good eats, you feel me? Right. So, yeah. Oh, okay. And like for dinner and stuff, like Right. I just try to find stuff or the chef make it, or my girl make me some, some food. Sometimes. Your girl. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, You got a girl back? Yeah. Yeah. You keep it. Have, have you gone public with It? I have. I have. I have, I Have. What made you decide to do that? Because like, it's not a secret. Like I don't wanna, I don't wanna make it look like it's a secret. You feel what I'm saying? Right. And plus, I, I'm truly happy. So like, it is what it is. Like I, I just don't want keep hiding behind like So you, so you, you and her have been in a relationship for a while. You just made it public recently.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Right, Right, right, right, right. Because a good friend of yours, his relationship is public and people are beating him up about it. Travis. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. Been seen that. I have been seen That. And I know you're very close to Travis. Yeah. If I'm not mistaken, I could be wrong. So you can quote you, you can correct me if I'm wrong, but I think both of those, both of those young people have deleted their social media. Yeah, Yeah. I've seen them deactivated. They probably gotta just escape it. Yeah. You know, that's, that's, they gotta just figure that out. That's their business, you feel me? And Yeah, it is hard. Yeah, I know. I know. It'll be, it'd be, it'd be tough. What made you decide, well, I know you said you didn't wanna, you didn't wanna make, it wasn't a secret and you've been, and like, so this, this, was this a decision that you and her came to? Like, babe, okay, I'm, I'm, I'm ready to work.


Let the world know. It was like, it was like me, like, like for real, like, yeah, me and her. But like, we just on some like, like, I don't know, like I just, I just didn't want 'cause 'cause I'm live and everybody was suspecting it already. And then like, I was trying to avoid certain things and I just hate having to hurdle and duck questions. Right. So I was like, yeah. I was like, yeah, this Was the time to make it happen. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You are the first streamer to have a deal with Nike. Nike is not an easy brand to, to build a relationship with because it's so far, they're, look, they're athletic. Right? That's what they do. They want to, they wanna do something in that space. And you are a streamer. So when Nike reached out and like, Hey, you know, we wanna do something with you, you know, come in or they, they, they either flew you in or you, they came in to see you.


How was that? How was that? You, you broke that deal. So I think it started because, oh my god, it's so crazy. 'cause it's like, I think it started by them sending me a package to my house. A care package, huh? Yeah. And I, and I had opened it on stream and my reaction was like, just crazy that they sent me sneakers and I, I was either saying it was good or not and they just loved it and everybody loved it. So I guess they seen it like that. And then they were like, bro, when they told me they wanted, they wanted me to be under Nike as a streamer. I'm like, what? And I couldn't wait to announce it. I was, I had to hold it in. And once they said it was good to announce, like I, I got to announce it. I was just so happy. So lemme ask you, if you could create your own Nike shoe, what would, what would Snet Nike shoe look like?


It would be, it would definitely be, I think it would have to be Air Force ones. Okay. MF ones or some Mafia m Mafia ones. MF ones or like KC threes or like something like, I don't know how I would color it, but it would definitely like have some, like a three on it or something like that. Right. Yeah. Like I, I already spoke to 'em. I say, Hey, if I get my speaker now we going, I'm gonna get to work. Lemme ask you this. So if you, you have a thing, so you can't wear any other apparel obviously. Like if it, like anything other than Nike gear, like, I mean obviously this is my Nike Jacket.


Yeah. Be athletic. I can't wear. Right. Okay. Yeah. It's like I can't wear that aloe. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I can't wear that. Puma. Puma recently 70 time couldn't wear it. Right. But I, I've already love Nike though. Right. So it's like, It ain't no thing it worked. Yeah. It ain't no it ain't it. It's, it's easy for you to turn that to not wear something else because you really love wearing Nike. Nike gear. Yes. Shoes, apparel. It doesn't matter. You They got, they got the pants, they got good, good sweaters. They got a lot of stuff. Yeah. How was the McDonald's deal? How did that, how did McDonald's you be eating? McDonald's? I Don't even, iactually. Can't believe I had McDonald's. Yeah. I be eating McDonald's. I be eating McDonald's. But like, I, I had, so like, I think a lot of these people just seen different stream of me talking about it.


A lot of these companies. And they just like, they had like, oh yeah, he like it. But when I first heard I was doing a McDonald's commercial, I couldn't believe It. Because they gave you your own meal, didn't They? I couldn't believe it. Yep. They gave me the chicken Big Mac. I could not believe it. They gave me on my own commercial. Right. It was around the time I got T-Mobile. Right. And I was, I remember I was on a flight is when it hit me. I was on a flight and I was watching. Oh my gosh. Ah, man, the damn bro. Did we get that? Got on some fake ee yo? Yeah, we got that off. Nah. Cool. I don't know. Nah, that's so uncool.


Oh my god. That was crazy. Yeah. You could tell they, they're like a little beaten up though. I, I was, I wasn't gonna say nothing. But then you reached out. I gotta say something y'all saw. Nah, but what was I saying? McDonald's? Yeah, McDonald's. So when I, when I came about, I was like, I was like, oh damn. Like I couldn't believe it Right. My uncle, but it hit me. 'cause I was on a flight and I had this, this, this woman next to me. It's like a little old lady. And we were, we were both watching the baseball series. Okay. And the World Series. The Yankees. Yeah. I went to commercial. Yeah. And the commercial was McDonald's. It was another commercial and it was T-Mobile, like back to back.


Oh yeah. And they, and it is been happening a lot around the time, around that time when the commercial rolled out. And like, she looked at me and she was like, Smith the tv. And she looked at me, but didn't say nothing. I'm like, I'm just let her, I'm just, I I'm not even gonna say nothing. She didn't say nothing. I was About to say anything. There was one time I was in the, I went to the movies. The, the, the bartender was, he was like getting my, the, the snacks, like popcorn and stuff like that. And he's filling up the Coca-Cola. And when he's filling up Coca-Cola, there's a big screen in the lobby that shows like the games and stuff right before you get into the movies, the actual movie theaters. And like, he would put on Coca-Cola and he's looking at the big screen behind me and it was me and McDonald's. And he's like looking at me like, is that, is that you? Yeah. I was like, yeah.


I like, that's the craziest thing. 'cause it's nation it is national tv, national commercial going out. Like a lot of the older folks be able to see it. So like, they like, yo yo, congrats on this. What's Kai's, what's Kai's meal at McDonald's? So Kai's going there. I know you don't, They don't got the chicken Big Mac no more. Right. But I love me a Big Mac Okay. With some fries and sweet tea and cookies. Yeah. They, they slap They still have the apple pie. They do. But yeah, they, they, I ain't gonna lie, they ain't make, I Used to eat. I used to eat a lot. I used to eat like a 20 piece, two Big Macs, two loud. I just so easy to eat unhealthy. It's like so easy. Like it is, yo, it's just like, but it's good dude.


It's good bro. Northwest you were her favorite. Kanye's oldest daughter. You were her favorite. And so I think you attended her 11th birthday party, right? Yes, I did. Yeah. Yep. Yep. So, because you ended up having a, you ended up having an issue with a father co a Kanye. Yeah, Me and Kanye was going around there first. Yeah. Okay. He sent you, he sent you some jeans, right? Some pants. Some pants, some sweatpants. Yeah. Switched some sweatpants. And it didn't Fit You said I was this size. He sent you a size that was bigger. Looked like probably fit me. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. It'll fit you. But it did not fit. Like I legit put it on and it dropped right. With my boxes On there. And that's all you said. You like, Hey Kanye, appreciate that, bro.


But these don't fit. Yeah. He takes, and he took offense to it. He said, he said, he said, You and what you got going on, bro. He said he went in a whole bro, it was lit. I'm on live. Yes. So I'm typing, we're in the dms on live. I'm texting in front of everybody. It's like a hundred thousand people in there just seeing me text Kanye. And he just like, you're not gonna trash my brand like this. You're a pawn and all that. And yeah, it just ended up, it just, and we just ended up going at it. And after his manager called me that night, he called down, his manager was like, yo, he could, he feel like me and Connie don't need to be going back and forth. And then after He was like, I ain't going back and forth. I just said, appreciate the deal. But it didn't fit. Yeah, it didn't fit. And I just like, just send a new one.


Did he send it? And then they did send it. They did send one. But then after, I think Kim so North really loved my, like, my streams and stuff. Yeah. And you know, when your kid like, likes like something like she, she told Kim so much like, yo Kai, like I love Kai. And then she reached out to me and she was like, yo, we wanna, I wanna make you make sure that you surprised if you're able to surprise North, that would be amazing. And then I surprised her. Wow. I got a surprise her and Kim said that, yo, thank you so much. I I, I surprised her. But Kim had told me what was different than me just stopping by was like, I like spent the whole day. Like they went to American Dream. Like I was tired, that I was tired and it just like, yeah, let's go to the rollercoaster, let do, and I still went.


I still went and did everything and we had a good time. And like Kim was like, she appreciated me so much for that. So. Right. Yeah. So prior to that, had you ever met Kim before? I think so. I'm trying to, I don't, I Definitely, I think it was through North. I think North just kept pushing it. Right. Oh no. A mutual friend, a mutual friend of Kim and me was like, yo, north wants to FaceTime you. And then North FaceTime me on Kim phone. And then that's how, that's how it started. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. Yeah. It was crazy. Yeah. So you gotta to play a th a therapist on your mafia tho right? Yep. So did that come about?


So that happened after, oh wait. Oh, what on your phone on your, with your ma of your thumb? Yep. She was on your promo video. What Was, what was the, what was that? Kim? Kim? Yeah. She, yeah, She's a bear. Yeah, she, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So did this happen after or before you did? After. Okay, This happened after the birthday party. This happened like the month, like like two weeks? No, like a month prior. Before I had to, had to do a 30 day, right. Yeah. Yeah. So, so your thumb off of your thumb, you, you stream 30 straight days. Yep. For 24 hours a day. Right, right. On camera 24 7. Like, I don't even like being off camera when doing that. Like, on Camera. So everything, so everything you, except For when I have to pee. Yeah. So everything you do prior to you like going to handle your business in the bathroom Yep.


Is on camera. Yep. Everything, every single moment. Everything You did that you recently did one, it ended up with 728,000 subs, 50,000 unique viewers. Yeah. Hold on, read that. You were coughing up blood. How so? Oh Yeah. So what, so did you eat something? Were you, did that fatigue? I got Sick, bro. I don't know what happened, but it was like a good four days of me just dying. Like, like I'm, I'm And You wanna do it again? What The mafia thought? I Mean, if it, if it holds a future for me to do it again, I'm gonna do it again. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie. But I I that I was coughing up blood and I was sick, yo I was out of it.


I ain't gonna lie. Like there be times where you don't wanna be in here, but it is about commitment. Like, I'm so big on, once I say I'm gonna do something, I gotta do it. So how do you prepare for something like that? Oh man. Is There any way to prepare for It? Yeah. Nah, there is, you just stay off the internet. Just clear your mind real quick So you don't, so when you going get getting ready to prepare for this, you do no internet? Yeah. You can't, I don't even, I don't like to rush anything. Like I have to, I have to stay off the internet. I have to plan out, be in front of that whiteboard. We gotta confirm everything. We gotta make sure we get the right people. We gotta make sure we get the right crazy activities we wanna do during the day. We wanna make sure that everything is top tier and like what people's gonna love. So I gotta, I just love to stay off the internet and just spend time with close ones.


Me personally. Now you were swatted right? Or one of them and they made you hold on and I didn't twitch, like take down your, your your, your page. Yeah. For five minutes. Yeah, they made me, they made me for five minutes and got a banned. But yeah, everybody, yeah, it was crazy. I got swatted. They made a false call. False claim. They gotta find a way to be able to find people from doing that. But yeah, they found, they found exactly where I was Because you like, you got, they got helicopter circling and everything. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yep. Hold On. Was this Mafiaa, was it next to the place that Diddy had? It was, I, yo I found out I was Diddy's neighbor on the third day. I swear to you. I I didn't even know Diddy was right there.


I literally, somebody, my barber came in, he's like, you know you right next to Diddy. Right? Or like, it it had somebody jumped it in my Reddit of a, of a, of a he of the view of the helicopter. And then right over it, it was Diddy's house. Like he got a slide in the backyard, all type of shit. Wow. It was crazy. Yeah. I, yeah, it was just the most random. So it might have been some parties at your house. Oh my God. You, it was a, did he party? No, never. I ain't, I ain't never been invited. I ain't that big to get, I mean, maybe if I was in the position that I'm in now, but back then, nah, I'm, yeah. I don't get invited to no parties bro. Plus I'm a home. But Do You like, do you like partying or no? Nah. Yeah. Nah, I Feel that it's like to be to myself man.


I feel That, you know, I feel that They see me. I'm in the airport or I'm going point a to point. Normally, mainly when people see me, I'm at the airport, I'm at the gym. Yeah. That's, that's the extent of Oh, you Getting freaking, Huh? Hey, Gimme Some more. It's too soon, Kai. A year. I did a year. September 11, 20, 25. Hey, you a freak. I I I'm on you now bro. Damn. You was going crazy bro. Come, come On. Come Bro. I act lie, you know how scary that is on the live, you know, you know, because of you.


I always check to see if my phone is on. Like, I, I make sure it's locked like bro. Like damn, Shannon. Wow. As a matter of fact, I don't even really film nothing. Now. I let Jordan, I let, I let Jordan tape everything. My dog, everything. Jordan catching everything on that far. I'm, I'm afraid now. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. It it, it was, it was bad. Yeah. Hold on, Kai. You had a, a few people on your stream that said, you know, when you do these things, you, you, you know you look, huh? Yeah, you look, you smell it. Smell what? Body? Odor. Body.


Yeah. I Smell. That's what Druski said. So you, you, oh My god. Juicys a dumb ass man. Drew can say your, your bedroom smell like spoiled milk. Shannon. Look, listen to me. This okay. We should have did an interview in my bed, in my, in My room. No, we shouldn't have did it. If you smell like cla milk, listen. No, listen, It's, it is the best smelling room that you will ever be on. That carpet is the cleanest, you understand me, the cleanest carpet ever. And everything is just so well, so How you say he got bed balls? He's a hater. He's a hater. Him and Kevin are haters bro. What about Lizzo and still saying that your showering techniques, you know, Because I didn't think I washed my balls because of the camera was there. They're hating too.


Well, You, you did say you have on swift trucks. I'm Clean. I'm just saying what you said. I don't know how you do it with swim trucks. Oh No. All you gotta do is say, all you gotta do is just turn around and then put your rag in there and just scrub, scrub, scrub, scrub, scrub. Okay. And you can do the same shit with your ass. Okay. But Glo you be washing your ass. Yeah. Alright. But I, you know, I got new, you know you have to have two rags. What You got? Oh, what's what? Be on Two rags. Okay. One for your face, one for your butt. You using the same rag? Nah. Hell no I'm not. Yeah, you. No I'm not. No, no, no, no. I, No, no, no. I'll wash my rag. Wait, you don't put your rag on your face though? No. I got a rag for the face and a rag for the butt For the f.


Oh, no, no. Yeah. You got one rag to do everything. You washing your Face. Oh, with the body. What about the body? Your body? Okay, I got a rag then all I do is wash, wash face. Use the, use the butt. No. Yes you do use the, but you, you just Said you look okay. Look though. Yeah. You could use it 'cause it's washing. Everything's getting washed Out. No, no. Yeah. And you, you washing the laundry. Yes. So now you, that's what I do. Butt. No, I wash my body. Yes. And then I go there last. No. And you washrag just for your face. No, No, no, no. I don't because I, I, you know what I'm saying? I put my, I'll put the, The scrub. Okay. Face wash. Yeah, I do, I do everything. Yeah. I do everything with my hands when I step out the shower. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I do a whole night. Come on bro. Sounds suspect to me, but I'm just saying.


Oh my God. Hold on. So lemme ask you a question. Who blocked you? Somebody blocked you. Who blocked me? Gorilla blocked you because you said somebody song. Oh Yeah, she did. She did block me. I ain't lie, Mr. Honest dude Shannon, You ain't like the Song. I did not like that shit, man. Bro, think about it. We're, we're cool. Now think about it though. Ever since she dropped that shit, ever since I called it out, She been dropping the heat. She been Dropping some heat. Yeah. Literally. Yeah. She Not around. She been dropping some heat. So like, I like glow Though. She's funny man. She Unbelievable. Cool. She's good. She's good. She's good. She just gotta keep that focus, that laser focus. Keep going crazy Man. Lemme ask you a question. How do you come up with the term Red?


Red? So boom. So like in my inner circle, in my, my friend group, we always used to say it all the time. Yeah. But after I just started saying it on stream and it got crazier and crazier and crazier. At first everybody was like, I still remember the same stream. When I first said it, everybody was like, what? Oh hell no. But after I hit TikTok, once they hit TikTok is over. Yeah. Yeah. Hello. That was in a dictionary. That's crazy. Yeah. Lemme, can I ask you a question? Why everybody be blocking you? Csor blocked you too? No, CSOR never blocked me. Okay. Listen, the blogs ran with that. She never blocked me. I will text her and she has a setting on her Instagram where she can't accept, she can't accept messages, text messages unless she Accepted from somebody.


Right. Unless she follow you. You follow me? Yeah. Yeah. So I did that and everybody thought she loved me. Oh, Okay. Lemme ask you a question. How does a guy stay out of the friend zone? Because there sometimes women have men that they only see them as a friend. Yeah. Right. And once they view you as that ain't no, ain't no coming into the other house where we can beat anything Other. I think you gotta make it clear though. You gotta, You ain't trying to be no friend. It depends on who, you know what I'm saying? Like if you, if if somebody's in a predicament where they, they want, they wanna talk to somebody, you have to make that clear from the jump. Okay. You can't be cool, cool, cool. And you gotta read side, there's red flags. You feel what I'm saying? Like Yeah, I done been friends on before in front of mad people.


Yeah, You did? Yeah, I did. Who did? Tyla nigga. Yeah. Yeah. That was a, you You tried to get a talent though. You would Have. That was weird. No, I just did it. Just do it. I literally just did it. But that, but that, that was, that was a weird time. But you put the friend. Yeah, but like, and other than that though, you just gotta, you gotta just, I don't know, you gotta just lock In. But is there any way to get out the friend zone once you've been put in the friend zone? I think it's possible. It like a timeout. I Think it's possible. I definitely think it's possible. What you gotta do to get outta a free end zone. You gotta just Pray. You gotta just, shit. I think you gotta just, I think when somebody tells you clearly your friends, I think Ain't no turning back for that.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Ain't no, ain't no turnaround from that. Like, you can't, it gotta be like, y'all gotta know each other for a minute to where like, she ends up ending up liking you for you. Or like liking, like seeing you differently. But Like, but what about when she tell a girl? Me, me, me and Kyle. We just friends. He is just my friend. What? I mean, somebody say that they Oh, that, that's just my friend. If Somebody says that, like, oh, they could be lying. Somebody could be, somebody could just be lying or, or, but if they tell you directly like yo Friend, I just, I just see you as a friend. Yeah. Then you gotta just accept it. Oh, you gotta just accept it. I don't think it's like I, I at that as like no. So you gotta just respect the No. Oh, okay. You feel me? The rejection.


Have you ever put somebody in a friend zone? Yeah, definitely. Definitely bro. Yeah. Just be like, nah man, I'm not, I don't wanna mess this up. Yeah.


Oh my God. It's the most wonderful time of the year for getting in on all the hoops. Football and hockey action at Draft King Sports book. In the season of giving, we're being gifted college football, basketball, pro football and basketball. Pro hockey too. Almost 24 7. So many games every day. So many opportunities to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to Draftking sports book app and place your bet. And here's a gift for all new customers. Bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins, download the Draftking sports book app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks. Happy holidays from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. That must win to receive reward bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk ng.co/b ball.


How Y'all this weekend get an all access pass to Apple TV plus No time like the present Forbes is calling Apple TV plus the best streaming service out there right now with critically acclaimed hit series and films like Severance, shrinking Wolves, Ted Lasso Silo, and the Morning show. We are not finished. We're on a hot streak. But don't just take their word for it. See for yourself it looks fabulous. I can't wait to see it. Stream Apple TV plus for free. January 4th through January 5th. Apple I de required


Now on BET tonight. Ten nine Central BET plus original series Diara from Detroit. From executive producer Kenya Barris and BET Studios comes what Variety calls a PI drama with FLA Flair. Meet Diara Bricklin, a public school teacher turned amateur private eye after the disappearance of a very hot date. With the help of her friends and even her ex-husband, Dara's on a mission to find her missing lover. Catch everyone of the breezy, juicy episodes as held by the New York Times co-starring John Sally Morris Chestnut and Felicia Rashad. One mystery zero chill. The critically acclaimed hit drama diara from Detroit is now on. BET starts tonight at ten nine Central Search and post with hashtag diara from Detroit. And visit BE t.com for more.


So Lemme ask you this, what have you learned about dating? Because you are a very public figure. If you're not being a, you kind, you can't go anywhere Right. Without someone knowing who you are. Right. So you can't, ain't no more creeping. The creeping day is for you or officially over. Yeah. So the days that, oh man, you know, I'm gonna sneak I and go to the movies with, I'm gonna sneak out and go to the skin. I'm gonna sneak. So what have you learned about dating since you've become this Ate Dating. Like, like what? Like, like going out? Yeah. Just In general. So yeah. How, how do you, how do you handle it? Yeah. How do you, how do you handle dating publicly? Oh, I, I know how to say low key. Like I go like Covid mask, then I go like shades. But like I used to do, like, I do like, we either like eat private, like we just know somebody that's there and they're gonna make sure that we're good.


Okay. And then, or or we, I don't know. We still go to the movies and it'd be public. Wow. We still go there And people don't recognize you. I'd be, I have a covid. I'd be having like a Covid Mask. I mean if I were to see you with a Covid mask, I'm like, man, I saw cast that with a covid mask on. I be having a hoodie up Covid mask when I get in there, I take it off. But like eating and stuff like Right. You know. Or you could do things at home too. Right? Yeah. So Lemme ask you a question because sometimes they, you know, I've heard women say, well I know God ain't gonna send me my husband in the dm. So where were you on meeting someone on ig, meeting someone on social media. You okay with that? Are you still traditionalist? I wanna meet you at the gym. I wanna meet you. No, I feel like in today day as you, it just, however your story happens, that's how it happens.


Okay. Because it came outta nowhere. Like you just gotta be able to just however, however it's gonna come to your life. Yeah. Recognize it, realize it. Really, really make sure that they're the one. And then, yeah. And then Have you ever been on a dating app? Nah. Never. I'm probably on some, like streaming. When I was on streaming now I had my, I was on stream swiping stuff, but I was like 20, 21. I was on some like joking around, but Right. Not seriously though. Have you ever been catfished? Definitely, definitely been, been catfished. Yeah. But like, you know what I'm saying? But I was a minute ago too. But, but lemme ask you a question. Is it, do you think it's harder now to talk to a woman, be authentic, be genuine, both of you on both ends than it was in the past?


Not that you have a whole lot of, I mean, you're young, you're 20, 22, 23 years of age, right? So you haven't had a whole lot of dating of what it was like. Yeah, I havent, I, eighties and nineties. I haven't even the two thousands. Yeah. Basically. So this is very new to you. Yeah. So how, how difficult is it to date for someone like you? Oh man, I had, I had, I I, I actually had a, I had the mindset that I didn't even want to be in a relationship. Like I didn't want that in my life because I was so to focus. And then after like right. But I did find it when I was like, we just kicked it. We just had a great time. And it was just also some stuff where it's like when you, you could feel it, it's weird, but you can feel and you've like, when, when somebody is like your perfect match, like okay, you can, you can literally feel the vibes and plus on a mindset level and what they bring to you on a day-to-day basis.


Like physically, spiritually, mentally. Like, So you can tell when a woman likes you for kind. Yes. It it be, or or what kind brings It be very like, I ain't gonna lie, it'd be very obvious. Like I'd be able to spot stuff and like I'll take it slow in these areas on purpose just to see how you would react in this predicament and see how you are when I'm doing this or when I'm not doing this. And you can be able to tell. Yeah. Yeah. The relationship that you're currently in, how did you know she was the one man? Oh man. Like it was just so, I just, I just knew she was the one pick when we were able to, when we were able to connect on a level that I've never connected on and also on some on a, on something that just rekindled a light within me that was like, that I didn't feel like was possible to find.


Like, at least not right now. Right. She, she, she, she makes, she like, it's just like she, she tries her best to make a lot of things easy for me. 'cause she knows how busy I am and she understands what I'm doing and how important what I'm doing. Yeah. Is to me, like in terms of like, oh you gotta go do this. Here's your time. Go do that. And we still find ways to still have time for each other and it's, and it'd be, and it'd be great. Like she's very, we both try to be, we we, we try to be closer to God too. Like she's, so that's something new that somebody has shown me. Like she don't play around when it come to that she could cook. Her cooking is good. Like I don't be having an order.


She make sure I like get some rest. Like get some rest. You, you gotta get sleep at this time. Go to sleep, wake up at this time. So It's not a situation that, because a lot of times it's different. You being, being busy as you are. The internet is your thing. And so you have to spend a lot of time, man, when you gonna have find time for me? Come on now. You know, you know what I was doing before you met me and it was cool. Now all of a sudden, well you find time for what you wanna do. Yeah. She understands that. And it's, and it's great. Like, wow. Yeah. Ooh, look at DDDG. He was, he was kinda a similar situation. Like you were what? Didn't, wasn't he screaming? Didn't he scream?


He seemed a little bit, yeah. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. And you know, I, it's just hard kind for me like public relationships because this is my thought process. So you let me know what you think. I just feel that if you date publicly, you're gonna have to break up publicly because Very, and when people say amicably, you know, I just saw who's that whether it Ray J and Princess Love and somebody else he was seeing and they posted all this stuff online and I was like, really? Is that, is that really Necessary? You well you gotta know how to, you gotta have that conversation and you gotta know how to handle, you gotta know how to move. Like you, if you're just on the internet 24 7 showing your, I feel like that's unnecessary. Correct. Showing off your relationship on the internet 24 7 kind Of make everything seem perfect.


Yeah. Like, and it's like you gotta just know when to punch in and punch up. You gotta just know when it's enough. Like I haven't, like I've done, I've done it once so people know, but like, we make sure You're probably done with it. Now you, You gotta think right? You gotta think like, my life is so, my life is on social media so much being live and everybody knows everything about me. So when I found somebody that meant a lot to me. I like to keep it like at, at where, where I'm in control. We we're both in control of like what we want Right. People to see. You feel me? Right. And it works out great 'cause we both don't even, we enjoy the time. Right. Without the phone. Like phone aside like Right. No phones. We put our phones over there and we enjoy our time. Okay. I like that. Yeah. No, what I was saying about DDG about how his, his his girl, the lady that, the young lady that he had the child with, is that she was upset because he was on stream and she had he, he had his son.


Well she said it was her child, obviously it was their child. Oh yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. And that, So My, I just think, I just think that just took a little bit of communication beforehand and transparency. There you go. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But I don't think she should have a, she could've called. She should have called. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Didn't Have to put that on. Yeah, I'm, yeah, exactly. Yeah. You're, I I'm a strong, I'm a firm believer in no matter what y'all going through, keep that in between. Like make sure Keep it offline. Yeah. Yeah. And, and she, she came back and apologized and, and that took a lot to apologize and stuff. Right. I mean, everybody already on your side. It takes a lot. So like now for sure. Like, they realize that. And I, all I took was some transparency and talking. That's it. Lemme ask you this. Where are you young kids?


You want kids? I do. Like later on, later on I do, yes. Marriage. I do. What's The age you think? What's the perfect age to get married? I Don't think there's any perfect Age. You just, you just know when it's Right. When you're right When you're ready. Yeah. I think when you're ready. That's, that's, that's the age for it. You paid for someone's honeymoon. I did. What what, what made you decide to do that? Because did you know this person? Huh? Did you know this person? I known 'em for a month. Yeah. Yeah. So in other words, no, he did not know this story. So, So it was one night I was streaming and he was in the, he was in the hills of California and he was just on his drum set and he was able to mimic any song that was played.


And then he said he had like 90 viewers in there. And he was like, yo, Kai, I see you doing your mafia. Th I was, I'll keep you up the whole night if, if you need me to. And I was like, bet. So I had to go in my room and I said, yo, every time there was a hundred subs come in, he has to play the drum set. And I ended up building a great relationship with him. And like, as it's as the beautiful thing about swimming for 30 days is that when goes on you start to realize that you are not, you are in front of the, you're in front of the camera a lot and everybody knows you and everybody loves you, but the people around you are able to flourish. Mm. And able to build something that they've never seen before.


I'm used to it. They probably never seen it on a scale like this. Right. So when I'm there able to change someone's life in a span of 30 days in front of all these viewers and everybody loving them, man, let them go. Let them, let them, let them, let them really get to take over and let them really shine in a bright spotlight. And and that's what I loved about it. A lot of people from 30 days was able to build something that they never had before. That was the best. That was probably like the best thing about the 30 days. I didn't know streamers had beef, but I was reading that you and XQC had a beef. Nah, We don't have beef. Y'all don't have a beef. Y'all y'all worked it out. Yeah, We worked it out. Okay. I think it was, it was a little misunderstanding and it was just like, it's not worth it.


'cause he wasn't really, he's, me and him are really cool. So like yeah, we, we, we definitely got to speak off. And you know what? It's so crazy 'cause a lot of things could be prevented. All like offline communication. Communication. So we, so we definitely got, we definitely got to where we we're. Cool. Well then why people get so upset at you because everybody seemed to be getting upset because it seems like nobody had a problem with you when you was here. Yeah. Now all of a sudden you got here. That's how it is. It seems like people have a problem. Oh well he doing this. He, all he does is get celebrities on his pod or all he does is do this. I'm like, well you, so lemme ask you a question. If the same celebrities that I have on my pod or on my stream, if they wanted to come on yours, you're gonna say no.


Which one they wouldn't. No, I'm saying saying people say that about you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Nah, it's just, I mean it's just a, it's just a thing that's, it's, it's always gonna be a part of the storyline. Like, and that's just something you just gotta think. They won't, they won't go the extra mile to like look to see what else. You don't know what else besides it. And that's okay. You feel what I'm saying? Like the it is, I just think about it like the people who watch me just know they Right. They realize that you're Not an overnight sensation. People don't realize what you took, I mean 20, 19, 20 20, 20, 21, 22, 23 to see what you, in order for you to get to where you are, all they see is here. Right. But nobody saw here. Right. And what it took for you to get here.


Yeah. So now all everybody's like, try to undermine, make it seem like you took a shortcut. Well you took the long way. Right. But you just, people weren't interested in the long way. Yeah. A lot of people just love my stream and they just, and it starts off with like, them just wanna come and they just let 'em on. Right. Is there any stream that you regret? Any streams that I regret, I wouldn't, nah, I don't think it's, I think there's no stream of regret. And if something crazy that happen then I would just like learn from it. You know, You did catch a lot of flag and there were a lot of people that were upset about you did the prison stream that you, I think you spent seven days Yeah. In prison and you stream that. And a lot of people are like, bro, you a black man, let's not promote anything.


There's nothing positive about going to prison. Yeah. Let's not promote that. Yeah. Is that something that you wish you hadn't have done? Or did they misunderstand what you were trying to do? They, they must misunderstood what I was trying to do. I understand their views on it though. But if they really watch, this is the thing with clips, when you see a clip, it just says a narrative. Right. And the people run with that clip. But if they really watch, I was really showing them why you don't wanna be there. Okay. I had to actually go through hours of just not, not eating nothing. Waiting to not even getting no visitations, no nothing. So like anytime. So what happened was somebody, a new, a new person came in at like 3:00 PM but like other than that I was trying to show him like I was cold in there.


You have no access to social media? No, nothing. So, but I understand if views was on it, but like I didn't misunderstood me. Right. And what I was trying to really do. What about the magician? That I think he like, That was crazy. Oh my God. And you banned from that point on you banned magic magicians, right, bro? Yes, yes, yes, yes. I'm not gonna lie, that is still crazy. The craziest thing ever. Like, I don't know why that had like, it was insane. 'cause like he lied to my team and people about what he was trying to do and ended up being the whole thing. And I'm like, damn. Like, and he really tried that with me. 'cause like I let him, like the year prior to that people and I figured out who he was because I let him on and he could play a, a beautiful thing and just ended up going left when he came back the second time.


And I was like, oh yeah, I'm done with magicians. No more rabbits off the hat. None, none of that. I I'm over it. Hell. Now Kyle, what happened with the, you went back to NYC and you was having this giveaway and somehow you was giving away shoes, I think? Or you giving some for Chris? I, I was giving away like PCs Yeah. PS bottle. I was giving away like gift cards, like a whole bunch of stuff. Yeah. And something happened. It went haywire, it went way left. Yeah. And if I'm not mistaken, you ended up getting arrested. Yeah, I got arrested, yes. It was Stop point. So, so, so what happened? So boom, I just wanna do something nice. I haven't been in my, I had that year, I wasn't there for like eight, nine months.


I didn't visit back home or nothing. And I came back and I was like, they, I wanna do something nice and in the summertime. And then for some reason, like in my head I'll be thinking I'm just not this popular guy. I, 'cause I'm 'cause I'm in front of the computer so much. And then like at first I was like, at first I was saying when I was doing it, I was like, I think only like, like 500 people gonna pull up. Like, I think only like 500. Like, people would just wanna see me or just like wanna get something. Like, I don't think it'd be too crazy. I think it'd be controllable and all that. That was not the case. We got there, I went to the middle of the crowd. I could not get out. There was a lot going on. And police tricked me and they got me.


They, they said they was gonna help me and they arrested my ass. They Helped you? Yeah. They, They really helped you get outta the crowd, huh? And resting my ass. No cat, they helped me. Ain't gotta me over the fence. I was like, damn, that Won't go with us. Yeah. But like, it was a live and learn. You feel what I'm saying? All right. I just know I gotta do it better. You feel me? So, But now all of a sudden you, you've refocused now all of a sudden, but you've refocused and you want to help build a skill school in Nigeria. Yes. So I'm glad you brought that up. So I'm gonna be currently building that right now as we speak. We got to raise a lot of money during the mafia. Th and I've been to Nigeria and I was in Ma Coco. People was asking me like, why that, why Nigeria? And I've been to Nigeria. You Nigeria, huh? I'm not Nigeria. Okay. But when I did go visit, I love the country so much and I went to Ma Coco and I seen some like real damn things that I was like, damn.


Like damn my life is blessed. 'cause I'm like, the things that I was seeing, I'm like, oh my God, these people can do it. And I seen these kids that were very enthusiastic and learning, but they still going through what they had to struggle. And I was like, you know what, I wanna build a school. Mm. And then we got it, we have got the team on board and right now, RAC making it, and hopefully it'll be done in 2025 for me to go visit. I wanna go be able to visit it and make sure it's perfect. I wanna make sure it's perfect before I reveal, reveal It. But obviously anytime a situation like that, people are like, well you could have, you didn't have to go to Nigeria. You could've done something like that. Yeah. In Bronx. Yeah, I've seen all that. Yeah. You could have Nigeria in Bronx. I was like, you cannot win. You can't, you can't win. Yeah.


You can't win. Because even if you donate money, that's all you donated, all that money you done made. I'm like, bro, you didn't donate anything. Yeah. But now you talk about what I donated, but you didn't donate anything. Yeah. It's it's never enough. It's Never do You feel like, damn, I'm just trying to do something good out of the kindness my of my heart. I don't want anything in return. Yeah. And I get beat up because I didn't, You can't focus too much on it. Okay. Because I'm not gonna lie. Okay. There's, I I feel like a majority of the things that I'm in, there's a lot of positivity, right? There's way more positivity than executive. But to the average person, you see a lot of positivity and that one negative thing could stand out over a lot of the positive things.


So you can't, you can't take a lot of it serious. You gotta just, you know your good intentions as long as you know, you know that, you know your intentions. You feel me? So Movies. Oh man, you wanna do movies? Hell yeah. You know, it's crazy. I have a, I wanna direct, I wanna direct and film either a show or a movie and I wanna, or I, but I definitely wanna act. I definitely do. Because here's the thing, now you can't, I mean, look, you've had Kevin on on the Stream several times. You can't get somebody better. He's been in the, he's been in the game. He's a mo he's a director, he's an actor, he's a writer. Produ. He's Kay Hart is is where it's at.


Yeah. So have you run some of the, some of the ideals that you Have? Yeah, I have. I have. Ever since day one he said like he, he, he makes sure the guide me on the right path and like he helps me with like find writers or helped me find these people that I just don't know who's good enough and he's make sure that he, he keep, he's a good person to like point me in the right direction when it comes to that type of field. I, I, I've ultimately, I've ultimately learned that, like I can't balance out streaming in the movie at the same time. So it has to be perfect timing, you feel me? So I definitely do wanna act though, bro. Like, like movies and stuff is like a big thing. 'cause that's what I started with skits. Right. And I was just acting right. So like, I didn't even know I wanted to be a streamer yet.


But that's like definitely my, Have you taken acting classes? I, we, I'm about to get, get into it though. Okay. I'm gonna get into it. So I already wanna see how that goes and sharp up my skills and, and get into it. Hold On. You got into the Good Burger two role from talking about it on your stream. Yeah. Yeah. The director's son seen the click. Right. And showed the director and he let me in and that was crazy. Yeah, that was crazy. The, the wan the WANs brothers, they're doing Scary Movie six. They are Marlon, you, you, you, you, you game you down. Yeah. Yeah. I'm down, I'm down. I've been, I'm in contact. And Marlon, I'm telling you, you gimme that opportunity. It's gonna be, I I will make sure to take that seriously. So, but I Read what Kevin Hart says, like, he wants to do something with you and Druski.


Yep. Because your chemistry on the stream is, is like, okay, you can tell that you guys sincerely like each other and there's no denying your chemistry. Right. 700, over 700,000 concurrent viewer on Twitch, which is cra Which is crazy on t Twitch is insane. Yeah. You feel me? So now 100, 100%. Like I definitely, definitely would love to do something with Kevin and Druski in the future. So What's the advice, what's the best advice Khar has given you? Oh, the best advice Kevin has given me is in order to be, or in order to go where you wanna be at, you gotta just do a, you gotta just work hard, nonstop.


It was one time he, he had me up at like five in the morning to go to the gym with him to show me like hit, we go to the gym with him at five in the morning. We worked out. I never worked out at five in the morning. We worked out. No, that, yeah, I Work as soon, as soon as we, as soon as we walked out, he said, look how we just finished something and people are, and people are about to wake up in like a few hours. Like, you already got that outta your day, your date. That's already got your day run. And after he was like, he had me on set like of, of something he was filming and I got to see that. So like behind the scenes of that. And he's just a worker. He's a workaholic. He works. I gotta give him to it. He he work his ass off because he he's always doing something. Yeah. Always.


He's Always doing, he don't race. He's doing a commercial. He's doing a show. He's doing a movie. He's doing a series. He's always doing something. Yeah. He works hard. I ain't gonna lie. I I I, I do like him. For what Kevin Hart said that he would like for you to play him in his bipic, but in order for you to play him, Kev ain't got no Drake. Yo. I know, But I can't cut these off. He's bugging Kevin is what Kevin? Listen, I ain't gonna lie. That is, first of all, I'm honored that he would even say that. Yeah, that is insane. But like for me to play him, but he but that's about no locks. I can't, I'm not cutting my locks, bro. He gotta do something. I ain't gotta be, But I mean, I don't Who, who Tall? Are you a Kev? Me. He is a little Man.


I don't know. I don't know what Bro. Kevin is so small. Oh, he is tidy. He's like right here. I mean y'all, I don't know. I think I might go have to go lean, get a nine to Keve. Oh my gosh. Kevin is small. I literally, I could still grow, so by the time I'm his age I'll be taller. Nah, Bro. You done? He's literally so short, bro. Oh, well I tell you what I tell you. This is how we can solve it. Okay. One-on-one basketball. Who win it? He When did that You beat him? No, he cooked me. Dang. Damn. I know he baked me. His kids is there. He's on kill on the street, but he baked me, bro. But it was a little slippery, but I ain't lie. I'll give it to him. He baked me. He's like, he's an athletic Outta y'all.


This weekend get an all access pass to Apple TV plus no time like the present. Forbes is calling Apple TV plus the best streaming service out there right now with critically acclaimed hit series and films like Severance, shrinking Wolves, Ted Lasso Silo, and the Morning show. We are not finished. We're on a hot streak. But don't just take their word for it. See for yourself it Looks fabulous. I can't Wait to see it. Stream Apple TV plus for free January 4th through January 5th. Applelight D required


Now on BET tonight. Ten nine Central BET plus original series Diara from Detroit. From executive producer Kenya Barris and BET Studios comes what variety calls a PI drama with Flair Meet Diara Bricklin, a public school teacher turned amateur private eye after the disappearance of a very hot date with the help of her friends and even her ex-husband, Dara's on a mission to find her missing lover. Catch every one of the breezy, juicy episodes as held by the New York Times co-starring John Sally Morris Chestnut and Felicia Rashad. One mystery zero chill. The critically acclaimed hit drama diara from Detroit is now on. BET starts tonight at ten nine Central. Search and post with hashtag diara from Detroit. And visit bet.com for more.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


You Lemme ask you a question. The big three are content creators. Who you got in your big three are content creators. And it doesn't matter the platform, it can be Twitch, it can be YouTube or whatever platform. Your big three. Who's your big three of content creators right now? Damn. Big three Cause creators right now. Oh my gosh, right now. Currently, yeah. Nah, I I, when I hear big three content, like always I would say, I would say Aiden speed myself, like from what I like really got on the internet, like bro, it's so hard to do something at a hard level at a, at a high level for a minute.


You feel me? Like just all the accomplishments I have seen, I'll probably say that's the big three you Left. You What about Mr. Beast? Mr. Beast is Golded too. No, but like, he's so goaded. But like I'm talking about for me personally, like from when I seen Yeah, Because you've been on some of his plans. You've been that million dollar challenge or something that they put brought you. He's he's, He's, he's, he's insane. He's yeah, insane. But from what I, me personally, right, from what I seen and the things that I had to seem like, bro, You also asked Elon Musk to help you be the first stream to stream from outer space. Yeah dude, I wanna be, I wanna go to space. They said it's a 3% chance of dying, but I wanna be the first one to say like, yo chat, like I just do and Then Like, and float around and then come back.


But I'm magic on the space streaming and come back. You smoke, you smoke weed? I Don't. Oh. Why? You can go to space and never leave the ground, Yo. Oh my gosh. But We got some, we I smoke with Snoop and a hot box. Yeah, you hotbox with Snoop. I would never smoke again. He, he, I'm never doing it again. That no cap. But, but for real though. Yeah. That, that would be legendary. Hold on time about you played the game with speed five days over 105 hours. You guys were chained together, wrestling and shout, bro.


I mean, do you just, I'm just trying to figure out how you sit around and come up with the stuff that you going to do because it's now, it's just not good enough to just sit there Straight. Nah, it's crazy. Me and speed. Like we, we doing a marathon tomorrow. We gotta start a marathon tomorrow. We gonna be on the game until we get off. Until we get off. But like I, that ass like get this idea and if I can do it with somebody, I always call speed up. I, I'll say yo bro, I'm gonna set up everything. I'll pay for everything. I'll get the house, I get the set inside to make sure that the rules are this whole new PC just pull up and he pull up every time. We just make sure that we're just a good, I just like playing the game with him. Right. Like he's cool. Like you feel what I'm saying? So lemme ask you a question. He said that you're not very good and he said he cooked you in, in in basketball too. He said he cooked you in. We Never played basketball.


But he said he cooked you though. He said he's a better athlete. He's, Nah, he's a, he's athletic. I ca I cook. I ain't Gonna lie. I mean I've seen him black flip and, and and he come on, he racing Noah Lyes. Yeah. Yeah, he's very athletic. But he didn't cut me no basketball though. He said he would though. I don't think so. I don't think so. That you would have to, you would have to do a, you would have to play football bro. I played in the NBAI shot a hundred percent from the field. Yeah, you, I mean you, you had, I'm A LBA champion. Literally I was cooking them little niggas. I'm telling you bro. Bro, Bro, bro, you, you was kick you was cooking seven year olds, bro. They're they're almost 13 though.


No, almost. So they're almost like, they're right there. They're damn they adults bro. Get 'em outta here cooking 'em. They wanna play bad. This is what they signed up for, bro. They knew exactly the rules and regulations. That was in the, the, the, the, the LBA Bro. You was like Shaq Bro. Okay bro. That don't mean nothing. That doesn't mean anything bro. Like LeBron is 40 and we, and the, and the new rookies coming in, it's like 22, 23. But some Of them, some of them guys are LeBron's height or taller. Wasn't none of those guys your height. They got the same heart that I do. They believe the same blood that I do, bro. I had to fry 'em. It is what it is, bro. Come on bro. Lemme Ask you a question.


How does it make you feel when you see Travis Hunter was one of the guys that first started doing your celebration? That and you, you, you like, dude, that Was crazy. I ain't gonna Lie. And then you got NFL players doing it though. Yeah. That's insane. He Travis, like, he's like a 28 month sub. So he been watching a NP myself for like two, three years and like when I could come up with something on a stream and see it in the NFL. Yeah. It's like, damn, that's fire. So How'd let Kevin, how did you let ke Kevin convince Kevin to let you hit him with a pool noodle? Oh, he, he, well the only thing that Kevin that I really like is he be down with whatever. Right. He don't turn down nothing. He's like a little kid, like a grown little kid and he don't turn down nothing.


You know what I I was, you remember this, we was having a discussion on about the dunk contest right on first tape. And we was talking about guys, you know, guys jumping over, guy jumped over Taco fall, guy jumped over Shaq and Jalen Brown jumped over you. And I was like, bro, And what height did you say I was, you was Sitting, first of all, you was sitting in a chair. What height Did you say I was, bro, you call me three one three four three five five five two. But when you sitting down, you half that Bro. When I'm sitting down, I'm damn there like five, five, Bro, you not five, five standing.


Okay bro. What? So what am I standing? Maybe five, four? No, I'm a lot taller. No, bro, you not. And I'm, we were just How tall are you? Six two. Okay. Alright. And so, man, I didn't, I'm just calling you. I'm just here today to apologize 'cause you know, I mean people take it out. Thank You. All your apologizing pe People took it outta context. Okay. Thank you coach. Appreciate you coach. Thank you man. Yes sir. More minutes Shaq more? Yeah, more minutes. You played, you made Adam Silver. Adam Silver draft you to the next. Is that your favorite NBA team? Yes. The New York mix.


Anything New York, anything? New York is me, New York title right there. Yeah. Anything New York is me. I'm gonna ride or die. Anything New York. It can be a New York bowling team. I want New York to play. Who's your favorite N player? I have to watch Lakers though. Who's your favorite player? Leandro. Barbosa. The greatest NBA player that touched a basketball ever. Is he a homie or something? No. So how you come to Aaliyah and Joe Barbosa? Because I used to watch Golden State and Leandro Barbosa was a amazing dude. He's a good, he's a good dude man. So who you there? LeBron? Yeah. Okay. Like that right there. That's fire. Lemme ask you this. I heard you retiring from basketball.


Yeah, I did retire You. But you in, are you in 2K? 2K or 25? Yeah, but I got my, my my, my account hacked so I don't have it no more. How? But I don't know. Somebody hacked my PSL. Yo, gimme back my PSL. I wanna play myself in 2K. They took my, I can't get it back. They hacked me. I can't get it back. But Kyrie joined your stream, right? Yeah. Kyrie, that's my dog. Yeah. I love Kyrie Irving so much. Why don't you get Kyrie to teach you how to handle the ball? He did. So that's how you, that's so that's how you learned how to handle the ball with Kyrie? Yeah. Yeah. So he told me how to do it on stream, but he said I, I, I said okay, so if I seriously wanted to play basketball or some serious stuff and like I, I would stop streaming and I wouldn't even play.


He said he feel like he could really teach me how to be, how to be decent. Yeah. How to, how to be better than what I am now. Right. So because I got the, I get the impression that you really want to go back to the NBA All-Star game, the celebrity game. And you want the MVP. Mm. So I should tap in with Kai so I could dominate. Yeah, but you should have done that in the off season. But we in the off season right now basically. No, he is not. Oh yeah, you're right. You can have, well he's in the off season. I just go, I could just go to America's practice. I could just go to Dallas practice. Yeah. Travel with them, you feel me? Just me. All of us just, just practicing. I'm in the line. They gotta gimme like a 10 day contract or something.


Broms, gimme a 10 day. I don't even gotta play. Just gimme a 10 day contract. But you know what, but I Everybody saw you FaceTime, LeBron. What's, what's it like the first time you met LeBron? Nah. Yo, yo. I ain't gonna lie, dude. He, bro, when I first met LeBron, I walked into the Team USA building that they was at. This was in Vegas, right? Yeah. In Vegas. Yeah. And they be having the big buildings. I see Steph step such a cool dude. Yes. Step. What's going on Steph? I seen a, I been seeing with a DI seen Anthony Edwards. I said, what's look good? Anthony Edwards, I'm over here walking with Joel, MB, he's saying he gonna cook me. I said, I'm not gonna, I'm, I will cook you.


Boom. I see a whole bunch of flashes going off. They taking the team USA photos or somebody tapped me and you wanna go see? You wanna go meet LeBron? He's right there about to take his photos. I said, do I, I go inside the thing, LeBron steps out. First of all, he just, in his mode, he's just getting ready. You feel what I'm saying? I'm waiting patiently. I'm just waiting in there. He over here taking his pictures with his basketball like this, you know what I mean? Like this, you feel what I'm saying? Just chilling. Then his photographer, one of the officers is like, yo, LeBron Kyle wanna meet you. He, he looked at me, I looked at him. His hand is huge. He said, what's up bro?


I see everything that you doing and I love it. Keep being you, keep doing what you do. I said, LeBron, you know me now I'm gonna be here thinking like, I'm like, thank you bro. I appreciate you. I'm good friends with Bryce and, and Bronny and keep doing what you're doing bro. He said no. He said for sure. And then you got a picture you like, you want a picture and a picture and everything, bro. I, but I still can't believe that I I these, it don't be hitting me. It don't it be too fast. Shannon like, damn, You know what I want? I wanna transition. I wanna go back to, to the rap game. Give me your, give me your top five female rappers currently to The rap game? Yeah. Oh, okay, okay. Okay. Female. Currently Females currently Glo Waller right now.


Okay, I'm gonna go Glo artist or just rappers. Rappers. Yeah. Glo Rilla. Nicki Minaj. I should have started off with Nick. Nick, Okay. Nick. Nicki Minaj. Nick Glo Gorilla. What else do I like? Like Tina Snow. Hold On. Wait, wait. Hey hold on. Now see why you didn't do artists. Is this does do, is Doce count Count as rapping or no? Sure. We Go through Doja. Alright. The Doci Three. You got two more spots? Oh, what's her name? Oh my God.


Oh, lottos good too. Okay. Big Mama Meg. I Spice Sexyy Red. Sexyy Red. You had Sexyy Red. I'll put Sexyy Red in there. She be turned and me knowing her personally, she's a down to earth person. Okay. Yeah. I don't bump, I bump the guys, bro. I don't even bump. Okay, well go gimme your Top. Nicky. Nicky type took top two though. Gimme your top five Guys. That's hard. That's hard that we'll Go with give. That's make it easy. I'm Gonna go Drake, I'm gonna go A Boogie. This is my personal top five. Okay.


I'm gonna go. I've been liking Yachty. I've been liking Yachty recently. That's three Card's. Good. Played by Cardi. He's pretty good. And I'm gonna throw in One more. I'm gonna throw in No Wheezy. No Kdot, no Lil baby, no Future. I ain't trying to, I ain't, you know, I ain't trying to, you know, I'm Doing Travis Scott, Travis.


Okay. Nah, I Kendrick, I think there's a lot of phenomenal rappers out there, but like in terms of like who I'm up with right now. Yeah. Yeah. I can't do it all time. My all timers ass, I can't do all time. I'm not good with that bro. Lemme ask you this. Are streamers bigger than rappers? Mm. I don't know. Like is like, it's a lot of big rappers out there. I just think everybody's just big in their own lane. Are they? I mean are anybody, if, are there anyone bigger than you right now and say speed and say hey? Yeah, no, there's a lot of big no, no, no. It's like big. Yeah. Streamers are not, not bigger than, well you can't do that.


Like, like who you talking about? There's a comparison rapper. So I mean I guess is the Average streamer bigger than the average rapper? If I take the top, if I take the top three, top five streamers and you take the top five rappers, who do you think is bigger? Not Rappers. Rappers are bigger. Yeah. Yeah, right. Hell yeah. I feel like streaming just is starting is very new to the industry. I feel like streaming is very industry now we're talking about like based off a community. Loyal, loyal support base where like they riding down for you on the internet. Streamers got it. Right. But like we talking about like the world and like really just Trying to, I mean, I think you got it like that. 'cause I don't think you can go anywhere in the world and people not know who you Are. Nah. Yeah. I went, I, it surprised me.


I don't know how speed does it because it's like I get tired. Like I went to Nigeria was too crazy. I went to Paris. I almost got, my leg almost came off and all this type of stuff. I got sorta, I went to, I went to Japan. It was crazy. But yeah, it's, it, it, it is definitely insane. I wanna travel more though. You do? Yeah. We, I asked speed this and I remember one time he was like streaming, is it harder than a nine to five? It's streaming harder than a nine to five. Yes. No, hell no. Streaming harder than a nine to five. Okay, let me, let me give you, lemme me give you my, my my results on it. Right? So like, Because you, have you ever had another job other than streaming? No. Okay. Listen, lemme tell you some shit here.


Anybody who says that streaming is harder than nine to five is a idiot. IIII work so hard on my streams, right. It takes a lot of hard work. It takes a lot of hard planning. It takes a lot of, you gotta be in front of a camera for dozens of hours. Okay. I understand that. You feel me? It's, it's, it's hard. You feel what I'm saying in terms of like the skill that I at least do it on? Right. And some people do it on it's hard. Right? But harder than a nine to five, you're talking about somebody that may not even want to even be there. Right? I I you Doing something You love. I love streaming. Yeah. It's like, I think about it all the time. I'm, I treat it as if it's like a, a, a It's a job but you love it.


Yeah. But I love it. The average nine to five worker don't wanna be there. Yeah. They ain't love it or wanna be there. Yeah. I remember I had to, I had to do something in the grocery store. I had to patch things out. I was like, damn, I don't wanna be here. And like, man, and, and they had to find ways and they not even really getting paid. They got you got, you get paid and you gotta, that shit's going straight to bills and taking care of the kids. Right Bro, it's hard. Yeah, it's hard. Did you feel pressure to have Madam VP Kamala Harris on your pod after Aiden had President Trump on his, did you feel pressure to have her on? No, I'm not good with, I don't understand whys too much and I don't know. So you like I ain't trying to get Involved. I haven't educated myself or nothing, but nah, I wasn't pressured at all.


I'm sitting here with you the day, the day after Christmas, five years from now, sit down and have another interview. Where's Kai? Caught done. Went to space already. Kai. Kai has directed or no? Kai has been some movies. I'll probably say. Damn. I'd probably say helping like a lot of the cons creators in the streaming world. I wanna, I wanna be able to help them and like show 'em ropes. I really wanna, I like to play the role of like, giving advice and also still going hard.


Right? Still going crazy. I, I, I love this shit. So like, I still wanna do things that nobody has done before. Gimme the best advice you, you've received since you've been in this space. So over the last four years, some of the best advice Castane has received. Keep God close and keep God first. I would say that's the best advice people has ever recommended me. Stay prayed up. Don't lose vision of the Lord because I, I really am a firm believer that like I would not be where I'm at if, if I didn't just like, you know, make sure to have 'em talk late nights or go through them hard times and turn to God and be able to like say thank you so much for the position.


'cause I know where it was before. So that's probably the best, the best thing. And not to get comfortable. Right? Don't get comfortable. Don't start getting lazy when it feels like you should the most, you just keep going. You got a, a tweet pen on Twitter. Never been embarrassed to wear the same fit twice. Never been embarrassed to have one pair of shoes. Never been embarrassed to sleep on the floor. Never been embarrassed to struggle. You gotta grow through hard times before you live lavish. I know. It's on its way. So I'm forever humble. That's facts. You wrote that if I'm not mistaken, it was 2021. 2021. Yeah. That's facts.


What is that? When you go back and look at that and you wrote that in 21, and here we are three years later. Obviously you're foreshadowing, but when you look back and you think about the guy that wrote that versus the guy right now, other than money, what has changed about Kasan? My mentality grinds to the same. Hustle's still the same, but I'm just a lot more wiser. There's a lot more smarter with what I do. And like I've learned a lot and being able to take my time and really just be grateful.


I'm a I'm just grateful. I'm grateful. Like I be thinking about it all the time. I'll be thinking about it every time. Like, like God is good. Every time I get, like, it would be the smallest now get me mad. And I'd be like, yo, you're mad but you like, look, Look, look at what you have, look What you got. So I like that is it's facts. So What's, what's next for Kai? You promoting, you got a book coming out, you promoting anything, you got a stream coming out. What, what's next for Kai? Next for me is I, and I really wanna do, I really wanna do a 2 25 Hunger Games. A live Hunger Games. The biggest creator is like build it out, real deal Hunger games.


I also wanted to start doing my own festivals. Okay. But I know that's gonna take time and I don't wanna watch anything. I feel like I could have the craziest festivals and have them grow over the years. And then, I don't know, just growing with my, just growing with my group A and PI just want us to just, just keep going hard and keep hell in check and just be, just give the people what we, what they want and keep hustling. Castane that Damn bro. Amazing. Amazing. That was amazing bro. All my life been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Want a slice? Got the bro dice the squat.


All my life, I grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Slice


Cheap. Caribbean is celebrating more than just the new year. In 2025, cheap Caribbean vacations is celebrating its 25th birthday too. You're invited to join in on the birthday, fun and book a beach vacation with more savings. Now through February 3rd, you can unlock up to $250 off Sitewide vacation packages. Celebrate these awesome savings at your favorite beach and book your next all-inclusive vacay@cheapcaribbean.com. Your $250 off is waiting.


Amazon Pharmacy presents painful thoughts. The guy in front of me in the pharmacy line is halfway through an incredibly detailed 17 minute story about his gout. A story likely more painful than the gout itself. Next time, save yourself the pain and let Amazon Pharmacy deliver your meds right to your door. Amazon Pharmacy Healthcare just got less painful.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Pub Mall of products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.