
Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen Often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess?


Or get goofy, officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic 'cause we came to play. Bring the magic At Walt Disney World Resort Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com and with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles.


Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places. Damn. I just knew you didn't know about this. I was, You went up w you posted it. You good. You it. I would've known had you not posted it. That's why I was in saying waiting. I'm trying to keep it low key. I'm trying to All my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Won a slice. Got the roll of dice. The wo All my life I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life.


Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Won a slice. Got the roll dice, the swat. All my life. I've been grinding all my life. Hello. Welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host, Shannon Sharpe. I'm also the proprie of Club Shehe. Stopping by for conversation on the drink. Today is one of the originators of Aura, one of the most influential people in hip hop. One of hip hop's, biggest name and mo most recognizable voices. He's earned a spot in the Guinness Book of World record as the youngest solo rapper to have a number one hit on the US R and b and rap chart. He sold out Madison Square Garden three times before the age of 16. He has a career spanning over 25 years.


He sold 10 million albums. He, and he's only 38 years of age. A certified child prodigy, a teenage sensation, an a defining artist, a gifted performer, and well-rounded entertainer. He has multi-platinum selling songs and chart topping tours. A Hollywood blockbuster actor and a, a global star, a TV personality and a host, a one of a kind, creative and an outside personality, a business savvy entrepreneur. A significant figure in the early two thousands. He's an influence on the culture and he's undeniable. Here he is, ladies and gentlemen. Bow. Wow. What's Up, Miguel? I, that intro, bro. I love that intro. I was, I was Caught up in that Was dope. You like, damn, I did all that. I did all that.


I was fine. So when you, You know what? I don't know if you drinking anything, bro, but I got you gotta just, you gotta it yourself. I Was always told like if a walk somebody's house out a drink, you gotta have it. So You The success bro. 25 years. 25. Woo. Ooh. It's that brown too. Yeah. Oh God. God damn ba. It's smooth though. Yeah. I all, there was a sip on My, yeah, we gonna sip Like a shot. Like a shot. All I thought it was shot. Thanks for coming. Stop. Thanks for stopping by. I really appreciate. I know you're busy and you took time outta your busy schedule to give us a, a few moments of your time, so I greatly, greatly appreciate that. Likewise. Let's go back to where it all started.


Columbus, Ohio, what's your best memories of growing up in Columbus, Ohio? Best memories growing up in Columbus, Ohio. Just being a kid, You know what I mean? Just being a kid and doing what young boys like to do. Right. Playing football, of course that went kind of fast once I got hit for the first time. I remember telling my stepdad at the time, like, yo, I'm, I'm going to defense. I think I'm gonna move to db. Right? I think I, I want to do the hit now. I don't want to get hit no more. So just things like that. Just, You know, places that I used to hang out, You know, United East skating rink was a, was was like the, the thing growing up. Me and my boys used to go to the skating rink, get dropped off all the time and You know, that's where all the little girls would be at and we'll think we doing something up there, but just, it's just a peaceful place for me.


And I think about Columbus and growing up there and being raised there for, for the time that I was there before I came to Atlanta. Right. But Columbus is my hearts, my soul is my everything. You get back much. Do I go back? Yeah. Do you get back much? Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Like we just, I just left, was just in Cleveland, which was crazy. Right. How everything is aligned because it was my birthday. Wow. So it was kind of emotional returning home, sold out crowd birthday, brought out some legends. I brought out Bone thugs. Right. You know, of course they're from Cleveland. Right. Had a chance to bring them out. And Jermaine came out. Jerma, the JD came out. Yeah. Surprised me. Did a little speech live on stage. I got kind of teary eyed and start, You know, crying. So the people up Ohio, they know how much, You know, Ohio means to me. Not just Columbus in particular, but just the whole entire state period.


Right. But when you were growing up in Columbus, Ohio, what did you wanna be? A football player, an athlete? I wanted to go to Duke. So you wanted be a hooper? I Wanted the whole, like, I didn't know that like basketball players was as tall as they are like now because I've been around 'em and I shot the movie and all that. But growing up, like I didn't have no access to, to players. So on tv, everybody to me look like normal height. Like Right. And then I remember one day somebody like, you too short to play. I'm like, what you mean? And I finally like, I'm like, oh, damn. Yeah, yeah, this ain't gonna work. Everybody's six feet up. Like it ain't gonna work. But that was my first, it was to go to Duke. And then I said, if that wasn't gonna work out, Jerry McGuire is like one of my favorite movies.


I said, if I can't play the game, then I'd rather have some type of, You know, arm in it, which would be a sports agent. So once I saw Jerry McGuire, I was like, wow, there's a, a thing that I could do where I could still be around sports, but I don't necessarily have to get hit. I don't have to worry about breaking the limb or nothing like that. But I could still be in the game, be close to it, then that would be it. Right. So what was the, the dynamic of your family? So you have siblings, you mentioned your stepdad. Yeah. Your mom. So was your your real dad, did You know who he was? Was he around? Yeah, Pops definitely know my pops me and my father. We had kind of like a, I wouldn't even say a weird relationship. My father, You know, indulged in the alcohol lane. Okay. You know what I mean? Was an alcohol, like I said, I'm proud to say was too, because he changed his life.


Wow. That's awesome. Over like, completely a whole different person where now we're able to catch up, You know, go have lunch. He's able to reach out to me now. So I, I always knew my, I always wanted the best for my father. Right. And I think growing up without him, you always want that, that father figure, that person to be there. Right. I mean, I've had him, but it's nothing like your own blood. Right. And I wanted, I wanted that with him. But yeah, growing up really it was just me and moms. You know, my moms did get married at one point. That was cool. And You know, but even before that, it's always been me and moms and now it's me and moms. So it's me and mom do. And the wheels fall off. Right. You know what, let's, let's talk about this. And I, and I just wanna move past this. You are from Columbus, Ohio.


There's another famous person from Columbus, Ohio who's an All-Pro football player. Played with the Pittsburgh Steelers. Yeah. Went to the Jets. I think he finished his career with Kansas City. Yep. And I don't know, I don't really know how it started by Well maybe you can add some, some context to this. Yeah. I got, I Think you said like, okay, I'm the most famous person or I'm the Nah, I said I'm the biggest. You are the biggest From Columbus Height. Okay. The Biggest. Okay. That's how I feel. I mean, I'm supposed to feel like that. Right. I think anybody with some type of success, especially coming from a small city like that, I mean we got a lot of legend. James Bus, Douglas got rest of soul. He's from Columbus, myself. It's a list of others. Even Lotto. Right. A lot of people don't know Lotto. Yeah. Atlanta. But he lotto from Columbus. Okay. Like, that's where she was born. Lemme say that, but yeah man, I mean it's just Did you expect to get any kind of backlash?


Yeah, I knew it. I knew it. Oh, you knew he was gonna say something? Somebody I, I didn't know that Levion was gonna say something. Okay. But I knew somebody was gonna say something just because of the energy. Look, it all stemmed from the national championship game. Okay. The Buckeyes. The Buckeyes Is in Atlanta. Right. It's rare that I get Columbus and Atlanta correct. Together. Okay. And it is in Atlanta. We go to the dome. I go to the suite. My boys, all my boys from Columbus. They, they, we all got a, well, they got the box. And so I'm looking, they like, you gotta have a drink. I'm like, y'all ain't got nothing over there. I drink. They like, we got tequila. I'm like, bro, I don't drink Patron. That's Patron. Right. Happened to take a couple shots, we won. And I got on live and it just, I just, I thought, oh, you, I thought I won. Yeah. I thought I, and I was trying to make it so people don't know this.


I was trying to get to the field. My security said, ba you just kept trying to get to the field. And I did get to the field and it was celebrating. I'm like, yo, they're gotta let me out there. Right. They're like, ba I meant we would, but we can't let, I'm like you, you gotta let me out there. Right. I'm the biggest thing from the, and riding off of emotions. Right. I went on my live and I said what? I said, but I didn't know that he was gonna come back. And I will say this, I reached out to him as soon as I saw the video. I'm not like most cash in, I'm not like the back and forth on the internet. Try to keep it going. You try to settle you, I'm gonna call you. So I hit him on the dm, like, yo, call me. I don't do the, the internet. Right. Yelling over the phone thing. Okay. We spoke like men. Okay. Patched it up. I told him where, where I was coming from with it. He apologized like, man, You know, I jumped out there not knowing, blah, blah, blah.


And I like that. And I like that. And the people spoke for me. I ain't really had to say much. Right. But I got love for living. That's all good. Okay. I appreciate that. Did you, did You know who he was from Columbus? Yeah, I knew know. I knew he was from Columbus. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Nice little thing. So lemme ask you this. So before you, because okay, you are in Columbus, Ohio. You say, I wanna go to Duke. But you really come to the realization It ain't Working. It ain't gonna happen. Yeah. It ain't. And so now you shift your focus. Now you realize they're come to the realization. Basketball ain't happening. Ain't happening Now what is the focus? The focus was just being a kid. Okay. And letting it just happen. Okay. So I remember at the time, I wanna say I was on the football field.


Okay. And my mother walked up to the fence and she was like, come here. And I was like, all right, what's up? So we're going to Atlanta tomorrow. I'm like, for what? And she's like, I know you said you just wanna live a normal life. You wanna be a kid, you don't wanna do the thing. 'cause after the whole death row thing fell out, I was over the music business, I was like, I'm done with it. She said, but there's this guy by the name of Jermaine Dupree, I want you to meet. And I'm like, who? He found crisscross and growing up I was so envious of crisscross. Yeah. Because when Snoop had me, I felt like that was my time. Right. Even though it wasn't. And I was like, I don't wanna meet him. I don't wanna go nowhere. I'm in full pads and gear. I'm like, I don't wanna go. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna be right here. I about to get this pick mama, take it to the House. I wanna be a kid. I don't wanna do that. Man. My momma like, I don't wanna hear nothing. You got to say you, we going. And, and sure enough, I, I never looked back.


Right. Yep. So what, as after you're playing sports and being a kid, so obviously your mom realized that you have a talent. So you're doing talent shows. Yeah. So are, are you in a group? No group. No group. Is you Solo Speech, solo Rapping, doing RB. So what, what, what is, what is your, what is your spiel? What, what are you doing? Believe it or not, it was comedy. My mom bought me that red white and yellow blue Fisher-Price microphone type thing. Yes. I used to always mimic people. I used to always mimic stuff. So it went from that to my mom playing rap music around my house. We got a young mom. So from that then it went to okay, he wanna be an entertainer of guess There's something in him.


We just don't know what it is. Right. Is it the, the the the comedian stuff? Is it the music? But the way I would hold a comb or a remote control resembling a microphone and my movements, I just knew how to imitate what I saw. Right. And then, You know, that one special night when Snoop and Dray them came to Columbus. I had a night. I had a ch that was my chance. And, and, and that was my night to really flex what I've been not really working on, but that I just possessed. Like, it just, it was just second nature to entertain and just have fun with it. Right. And then I think when mom saw that and saw me up on that stage in front of all them people, and then Snoop and Dre wanted to meet me. Right. That's when it clicked for mama. Like, okay, This is what he's gonna be This boy about to be a rapper. Right. I don't want you focused on nothing else.


Rap, rap, rap. When you get out there, they gonna take care of the school and all that. Right. This is who you are. Right. And I never looked back. But you had originally before you became Bow Wow, you was kid gangster. Oh damn. How you get, how did you give, did you give yourself that name or somebody gave you that name? Oh, Somebody gave me that name. 'cause I love gangster rap. Right. You know what I mean? My mom, like I said, even With that heavy cursor, your mom would let You, man, let me hear all that. Let me hear all that. Like, that was me. That's me on Doggie song. On Snoop album. Yes. All the kids cursing and all that. So I, it just fit me. And then I remember getting with Snoop and he was like, what's your name? I was like, kid gangster. He was like, this that ain't gonna work. Then he looking like, but he he little me though.


Right. Like he Lil Snoop. Right. And then he say Lil Snoop, I'm, I'm the big dog. I'm the big Bow. Wow. You you Lil Bow. Right. So Snoop gave you that name. Snoop gave me the name and it stuck. Stuck. You, you liked it though. It was weird at first. 'cause I was so used to kick gangster. I'm like, like Lil Bow. Wow. I'm like, it didn't really ring. And I remember him telling me, I want you to repeat it. Like, I want you to get comfortable saying that name. That's who you are. That's your name. Your name is Lil Bow. Wow. And I was like, that's dope. And he basically, it's like no matter where you go in life, no matter who you sign with, no matter what you do, you gonna always have a piece of Snoop with you. You are the little me and I gave you that name. So You know that name mean everything to me.


So in other words, you were the first little, there are a lot of Lil, there are a lot of LI Ls. But you were the first. I was one of the first. Kim was out before I was Oh, Little Kim. Right. Okay. Kim was out before I was. Okay. Am I one of the biggest littles? Absolutely. So in the talent, when you did talent shows in Columbus, you were rapping. Correct. You win 'em, you win all your shows. I was killing them. You're killing 'em. Jack The Rapper, that's one of like the biggest hip hop Conventions. Yeah. Jack the Rapper was here in Atlanta. Yep. Yep. Did That. So you came with Jack the Rapper did Jack the Rapper did all that. Okay. I was at everything like opened up for Tupac and Yoyo Woo. Back in the day. Yeah. Man, I wanna find that picture so bad. That picture is so tough. Yeah. Opening up for people. I mean, I was doing everything.


I mean, you name it man. I was, I remember doing So You you, you was a, a traveling. Oh yeah, It was Up. It wasn't just though. Okay. In Columbus. And then I go to Cleveland and I go to Canton and I go to these Ohio. No, I am You would going state to state. Yeah. And I really have to move much because Columbus, You know, that's the capital. And then for me, being at Columbus isn't like a big city like in Atlanta or New York. If you ringing bells in, in anything Yeah. Sports, music, like you can seriously own the town. Right. Like they will get behind you and rally to let You know like you here. So it's almost like I really didn't have to go nowhere. Like a lot of the competitions that we were doing in Columbus, I was winning them. Performing at East High School was, it was man, I I I did it like I've done it.


Right. And everybody in Columbus that they know like this boy, it didn't happen overnight. Right. Remember Bow coming to here, sneaking in here, You know, his mom and them were, I mean we, I I I did it all. I did it all. How did you learn that stage? Present? Were you ever nervous? Because it strikes me like you just a natural performer and nerves was never an issue with you. Or did you have to develop that? I love that stage. I love the stage. It's Because your mom probably had you performing in front of family and friends at a very young age. Yep. So they come over, Hey baby do do that. Yeah. My mama be like, don't hold, stop covering the damn mic. You can't cover the mic. You muffled all y'all rappers wanna cover the mic.


You gotta hold the mic right there underneath. I'm like, man, it just, it feel what I'm hosting. Right. But when I'm rapping, I, I gotta, I gotta get in my bag. Right. LL Cool J Yes. LL did it for me watching him perform. So many similarities that I see when I look at Elle pertaining to myself, heavy female records, the the women fan base. Right. But when you watch him perform, to me, that's my idol. That's my go-to. That's my goat. That's the film that I watch. You know, we watch film and we study. I watch old LKJ performances and you will see the moves that I've, I've stole from this man, I'm happy to say this, he knows this og that's my, he knows he's my goat.


And when I watched him I was just like, yo, this dude when rocks, like he rocks a crowd. That's what I want to do. I gotta, it's cool to have it hit. It's cool to sound good on the record. It's cool to, but when people come see you live in concert that pay they money and the music matches. But what they see live, live is different. Right. You, you got, you got it. So for me, I took, I take the stage very seriously and I come from that cloth. I come from that era where performing is everything. Right. Right. Rocking the crowd. Rocking the house. So LL is the only person that I watch for that. And you'll see it like little subtle things. The the leg thing I do, it's all, and when I'm in down, when I'm rapping fresh, I miss, I feel like I'm performing bad. I'm bad every night.


And when I do fresh, I really feel like I'm doing bad. So he means so much to me, just performance wise and everything that he's done. Did you ever get nervous and forget a lyric or forget a step or something while you was on stage? I, I, I did. One time, one time I was in Chicago. It's when I first came out, Jermaine was on stage first. He brought me out to do bounce with me. I come out there, I kid you not, I wrapped the second verse on the first verse and it completely threw it off. Everything. Oh my. I'm hearing my ad-lib saying different things and I'm, look, I I promise you I remember like it was yesterday, I, the face that Jermaine had on, oh it was that.


It was, are you serious right now? Like that's what it was. Right. And I'm looking at him like he gets hit in my eyes, but I'm just gonna keep rapping like he's seeing and I'm gonna just keep it going. I'm like, right. But I knew I'm not Stuff Did the crowd, did the crowd know? Oh, they most definitely knew. Okay. They, but the thing is keep going. But I've had my mishaps. I done fell through holes on stage. Damn. Yeah. Like we know this right. We, I have these things on stage sometimes where I get launched out, right? Yes. Yes. And you gotta be careful because if somebody else is coming up, if I have a surprise guest, it'll be down. Right. So, You know, this wasn't this tour. This was the, our first run with the millennium. Well the, my second right. Well my first run for the, with the millennium and I had Soldier Boy in the Hole.


And I forgot that the night before we did MSG, I didn't have them because we couldn't bring our stage. Right. So it's down soldiers in it waiting. And I kid you not, and I was a little hungover. It was my birthday the night before. I literally whoa went missing. Bam. Fell on top of Soldier. He in the hole. Like, what the hell is going on? I done fell on him. And I said, bro, oh my God. And then he looks at me, he goes, man, you ain't just do what I Think you did bro. I said, bro, I fell through the hole. All these people. I said, we going stand up straight, come up, we come up together. And when we came up together, we came up laughing and it was a, it was a moment, but my manager was like, yo, so I got the, soon I go to stage seven, you gotta post it before anybody else post it.


So, but yes, things happen. Right. Things happen. So as a kid you were your mom allowing you to go to concerts as a kid and see some of this gangster rap and see some of these rappers. Do you remember the first concert you went to? First Concert I went to was the Chronic Tour. Wow. Snoop Dre, boss and Onyx, right? Yep. I was six years old. Yep. I was there. I was there. And from that point on you was hooked. Gone. So they brought, so did You know they were gonna bring you out? Not at all. So AJ Johnson, guy Resters. So who plays Zel on Friday? Yeah. He was the mc was the host of the tour. And during the intermission he said, oh, You know, anybody wanna come over here? And they got with the tape, da da da.


And wow. He picked me out the crowd like, man, bring a little man up. I'm talking about in front of like 16,000. I just started rapping. Rapping, You know, a little rap somebody might have wrote for me. Right. Crowd going crazy. They throwing money on the stage. You know me. I stopped rapping. I'm, I'm grabbing the money. I'm like, man, this right here. I'm like, forget this. I'm like, damn. You know what I mean? And then Crowd was going crazy. And Daz actually Daz was like, he was the one who saw me and he said, I'm about to take you to the back and let you meet Snoop Dogg and Dr. Dre, I'm about to bring you back here. Little homie Cole. Right. Brought me back there, met him. And that's when I met Dre and Snoop for the first time and got this epic photo of me at six years old in the middle of, of Dre and Snoop.


And then that's when they was like, You know what? We gonna do this every night. We gonna bring him on the road, put him in the crowd, and we going yell like, who wanna come up? We gonna pick him every night and we gonna let low man get off. Oh. So that's how that worked. Yeah. Okay. So now I be knowing 'cause they be like, oh, and they be bringing this person up and that person already be playing. Might might already been playing it, but that's, that's what they stuck with. Like, yo, nah, we gonna bring little man with us. And I, I never looked back. So when they told you say, okay, we gonna do this. So when you go out there and they say, oh, dad takes you back, you meet Snoop, you meet Dre, and they say they gonna bring you out. Do you remember the song that you performed out there with him? I definitely don't. I definitely don't. And it was towards like the end, the stretch of the tour. Right. So what I do remember was as soon as the tour was over, they went in production for Snoop album.


Doy Styles. Okay. Yeah. Was I was around when he made Doy style. I was in studio sessions while Wow. They were making it and creating it. Like I'm watching UNC right in the booth. Like I'm sitting out here just watching them work on this album. Right. And that's how I got on the album, You know what I mean? From being there. Then I did a couple records at Leak. They on the, they on YouTube, they out. It's, it's bad, it's bad. My, the language that I was using is crazy. Yeah. They, They had me on something. Yeah. If, if CPS would've found out back they done came and got you. Oh would they? I mean, it, it was crazy. But they was on, they were really molding me to be Lil Snoop. Right. Like for real, I had corrupt writing my rhymes. And You know, at that time it was just stuff that, You know, a seven, 6-year-old shouldn't really be rapping about.


And Snoop knew that. And then, You know, that's how that whole thing kind of played out. Did you feel like everything, because it happened so quick. You're six years old, you on stage, you at a concert, you see 'em, you go back, you start doing this. Did you feel like everything was coming easy? Not that it was coming easy. I feel like it wasn't coming fast enough. Okay. Actually, You know, 'cause once I got to LA a lot of artists, well I don't know about now, but I know back then a lot of artists had to sit on the label. We call that basically when they sign you, but you gonna wait your turn. Right. Artist development, we gotta get you. Right. And, and, and, and, and all of this type of stuff. So I just felt like I was ready. You felt you was already right. I was, it wasn't no sense in waiting. You Man, I was ready. I I want it. You know what I mean? But obviously it wasn't my time. Right.


Crisscross was on fire. A, b, C was out. I probably would've drowned. Like they had the market sold up. Right. You know what I mean? So it was perfect timing for Snoop to be like, You know what, I know the person I'm gonna put him with. Right. I know exactly where he need to go because this death row thing is just not it for him. Right. Like, it is not safe. And I don't want him growing up being influenced by the gang culture. Now he banging and he doing this doing, I know exactly what to do with him. I'm gonna place him Right. With Jermaine Dupree. Wow. And I, and I know he going to take him exactly where I know he needs to go. He need to go. Yep. But before that happened, you signed a death row and you moved to Cali and your mom didn't go with you. No. Moms ain't mom.


Moms end up coming out there later. Right. But off the rip I was staying with Nancy Fletcher. That's, that's one of Snoop's background singers at the time. Okay. How old you, you remember how old you were? Probably like six going on seven. And Your mom did say, Hey, go ahead. Yeah. That's A lot of trust. Lot of trust. But trusted Nancy with everything. She was such a sweet person. Sweetheart took care of me, took me in. I lived with her and I really wasn't around the guys much. Right. Like it was a home environment. Even that later, my mom ended up coming out there later and we ended up getting an apartment. Right. I believe out in Sherman Oak somewhere. I think it was Right. And then from there my mom went back and then I went back after her back to Columbus and that's when I wanted to play football and just be a kid.


Right. Then we got that call. Right. Time to come today. Wow. I mean the things are happening so fast. So okay, now you rapping on the Doggystyle album, you're like, but Snoop Snoop, not only he did you a favor twice, he brought you out there because he saw the talent in you. But he also saw that, You know what, what I'm rapping about and what this culture is about. He doesn't need to be a part of this. Right. And he moves you alone. Well because did You know that's what he was doing it for? Or you thought like, maybe I'm not good enough and they don't believe in Me. It never was a moment where I felt like I wasn't good enough. I, I understood. 'cause it was so hard. Did he explain that to You? No, he never did. Okay. But it was so self-explanatory. It didn't have to didn't it didn't have to.


I I, the right was on the wall. I seen it. Okay. Just being around Right. Witnessing the things that was going on and seeing what my, seeing what Snoop was going through. Right. I knew he didn't have time to focus on no artist. He had to focus solely on himself. Right. And he felt like that was so selfish. It would be selfish of him to Right. Worry about him, but still having me near. Right. I'm getting older. I'm getting older and it's like, man, this dude, I, I know this kid can go. Right. I just gotta put him with somebody. I don't wanna be The reason he doesn't make it. He doesn't make it. He has to make it. Right. And we done moved him out here. The next thing for him is boom jd and it was almost like, like a, like almost like a like dropping off your kid and come back to get him. It was like, here you go jd.


But look nephew, I'm gonna swerve around the block a little later on we gonna meet. All right. Right. And once I got hot it was up and, and first album, second single Right. Snoop me and dog number one. So it was like he was right. I'm gonna place you there and we going, I'ma come back around and come get you. Yeah. I'm gonna come get you. And he got me When he was on Dog Father You Jen and Juice. Did You know what gin and juice was? Nope. I just remember seeing this green bottle all the time at Lar b studios. Yeah. With the little red circle on it. I'm like, man, why y'all be having that around? There was always some orange juice around. Right. I'm like, what is that? Like that's tag around like I don't, Eric that was the thing back then, right? Yes. You don't hear like, you don't hear nobody talking, talking about nobody talking about, Hey bring me 20 bottles of gin.


Right. Like, you don't hear that. Like that's not the thing. But yeah, I had no clue. I just knew there's this green bottle with this red sticker on it. Yep. And it's always in the studio or it's around and it's always next to some damn orange juice. I don't, I don't get it. But around that time, Tupac was around. Yeah. And I I read that you tried to sneak in the studio open. Oh absolutely. With with Pot. Absolutely. I I just, one thing about me, I always remained like being a kid. Right. No matter how big I got, no matter what I was doing, being a child meant everything to me. Right. You know, and Yeah, that's true. Pac was working and I'm like, I gotta see this. I I wanna see it. Right. I wanna see him. Right. I don't even know he even remembers me 'cause I opened up for him years, years back.


But I don't even think, You know, it's the same kid. Right. You know what I mean? So definitely try to sneak in. Most definitely. Right. I wanted to see that approach. But I, I'm glad I got the chance to watch Snoop though. Right. Because to be there to witness watching him create one of the greatest hip hop albums of all time. Right. And to say he was in the same room and watched it how I was and back then how the tracks were, You know, they used to have to get the razors and cut the, cut the tape. Like it, it was amazing watching how It all came together. Yep. I was there for it. Like, I, I hear these, if I played Dog East out now it's like, it's weird for me. 'cause every song I just remember where I was like I love, I I I'm glad that I was able to have that moment. Was Sugar round that during that time? Oh, Most definitely. Sugar was around right? A hundred percent.


Most definitely. So you left, so Snoop drops you off at Jermaine Dupree. Yep. What was your first interaction? What was your first conversation with jd? Like, Why you late? Damn, why you late? That was it. And he couldn't believe it. 'cause you gotta think. I, I despise like I didn't really rock with JD at first Right. Because of the crisscross stuff. So I'm like, man, I'm about to go work with the person who put the, put them in motion and I, I don't know man. What if he tried to sabotage? I don't know man. I don't know. I wanna be with my UNC man. I want dog man. I don't wanna be with Snoop. And I remember he picked me up in Buckhead, me and my mom from the Hyatt hotel.


Okay. In a, in a all jd. Correct me if I'm wrong, I don't know if it was the black one or the white one. He had two. Billys right. Big boy Billy's right. And he picked me up in one. Never seen a Billy in my life. Right. So I'm walking into the hotel, I'm like man, you late. Hey. So we all make mistakes but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort. And good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back.


And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores not for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's Annie purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself. Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop.


Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places. What's good fam? The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back and taking over Pullman Yards in Atlanta on Saturday April 26th. And it's gonna be a whole vibe. Doors open at 11:00 AM So you already know it's an all day celebration of black excellence and we're partnering with Nissan to bring you an event you won't want to miss 'cause it's all going down in the Nissan Lounge. If you haven't seen the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks or the Nissan Rogue yet, this is your moment from available intelligent around view monitor to available BOS personal plus sound system.


The all new Nissan Kicks is ready. Whether you're cruising through the city or hitting the highway, the Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than C RV and RAV4 with available HD enhanced, intelligent around view monitor with moving object detection and a standard VC turbo engine. So pull up to the Nissan Lounge to explore their cutting edge features. Snap some epic picks and see which ride matches your energy. Music, love, culture and community all in one place. So come through, show out and make some memories. Tickets are on sale now at black effect.com/podcast festival. Man. He had me and my mama sit a do hill all day. Like he like damn, that's crazy. Like, this kid is a star like this. The first thing he's telling me, I'm like, yeah man, because he looked like a kid to me too.


Jermaine was fun and right short. I'm taller than him now, but like, I just But y'all was closer to the hype back then though. We was close to the hype back then and I'm just like, that was it. I was like, you late. And then the first question I asked him, I said, yo, why this car ain't got no logo on it? It's just a bee on here. Like what is, I never seen it coming from Columbus. I never seen no car with just a bee on it. Right. It is a Bentley. I'm like, I ain't never, I don't know what that is, but all I know Shannon, he had the thick rabbit fur. You know what I'm talking about. Come Ben Continental. I mean the, I was like, nah, this, this different, this, this, this. Okay, I like this. It's something. Yeah, this is something, it is something. We ain't got these. Right. And, and then from there he knew exactly what to do.


He is all, went to the crib, went to his house, flexed it on me, 11 cars in the driveway. Never seen nothing like it. Boy had two Bentleys, Porsches rovers, the seven 40 fives when they was out back then. I mean Ferrari's, I'm, man JD was wilding. And when I saw that I I'm, I was like, mama, I'm kind of glad UNC passed me up here jd. Dang I ain't seen this, this different. I'm like, you saw six folds out there, man, listen. I'm like, man, jd, he, he, I will say this, the first man in that I seen I'm on to Wise that I seen myself and I said, dang.


I want him to be like, he's what? I, I look up to him as, as a father figure. Jermaine filled that void that my father left. You know what I'm saying? Like when I saw him, I knew, man, I wanna, I wanna make, I wanna make him happy. I wanna, I wanna make him the most money so we can keep buying cars. Right. I want, he, he, he showed me the blueprint. I want everything he got plus more. Right. And You know, that's like being the kid on the block and you see the dude come around the and the S five 50. You like, damn that's gonna be me one. Right. I just gotta know how to get to it. And when I saw that, I'm like, all right, this Is, how old were you at that time? I'm probably like 11 now. Okay. Probably like 11. JD had me like 11. Right. So when I saw it and I was like, when we get in that studio that's I wanted Right.


And he, he made me sit for a minute. We did a song on the Wild wild West soundtrack for Will Smith. It ain't do Nothing and the song ain't do nothing but it, it made it to the soundtrack. Right. But it ain't do nothing. It wasn't, he was just making shy. I was ready but I was so happy to do that record. And I remember playing that song all the time. Like, alright, we got some chemistry. We we gonna make some magic here. This is up, this is me and you for life. For sure. You understood. You said he had crisscross Brad Usher, so you knew he had made big stars and you're like, well hell, he did it for them. We can do it for me. Yeah. Without your thought process. You think that, and there's sometimes where it could be a, a top producer and it don't happen for you like that.


Like I've seen cats come to Soso death and it might not work out for him. Right. And I see him leave Soso death and they blossom. Right. So every situation ain't, it's different. It, it is totally different. You know what I mean? Yeah. But Jermaine just, he, he, he it, I told him, I said, listen, if I'm not the biggest artist you ever had on your label and I felt like I want to be the biggest artist you ever had, stand next to you. That's what I wanna be. Why do you Think you and JD had the chemistry that you guys, that you guys possessed, you had it, you felt it right off the bat. Why do you think there was such great chemistry between you Two? I think because Jermaine is the only child and I'm too Oh, okay. And also being that Jermaine was still in y'all in the same Twenties, That's that who, and I just think that he might've always wanted a little brother.


Right. And I always wanted a big brother or a father And I never had it. Right. And he never had it until we met each other. Right. So at first it started out like, that's big bro. That's big bro. And that's little bro. Then it's like, nah, that's really like your son bro. Like that man me look up to you. Y'all talk like Yo walker everything. And it was true. Right. And I think that's what made it so perfect. I was looking for something and he was probably looking for something and then boom, like to this day he like, I ain't gotta have no son. I got, he is my son. Bow is my son. That's my son. Like he'll say it, say it proudly too. Working with Usher, did you feel like he was gonna be able to do that? Because you said a lot of times you see guys that be with these help, these, these great producers and they don't find success over there.


They go somewhere else that, that the producer that's not as known. Right. But he had Usher and Usher was just Fire Exploded. I was there for that. I was there. Look man, I had to confess this album before anybody had it on a burnt disc. Like coming like from the studio though, like Right. Jermaine used to ride around to it before it even came out. We was, I knew I knew what that was gonna be. Right. And, and just, yeah. And, and not only did just my projects that Jermaine has worked on, but being there for the Confessions album and watching him and Brian, Michael Cox, how they did it. And You know, it only inspired me more. And I remember Jermaine, like, he sent me to a Usher concert one time.


Like, I need you to go get inspired. I Think you just getting a little bit too relaxed. So he sent me off to Usher's concert and I, I believe it was a Confessions tour. I went and I was just mind blown. I was like, man, all I gotta, I'm, I I I gotta feel it again. Gotta pick up. I gotta get it. I gotta turn it back up. So Jermaine is just a, a wizard of, he just knows Right. He just knows how to put you in certain situations. He knows that each artist is different, but he knows how to tap into each one of his artists. But I definitely told him, if I sign with you, if I'm gonna roll with you, I wanna be the biggest artist you ever had. It did that. It did that. When you started to blow up, bounce with me, you had, that's my name, puppy Love Ghetto Girls. How did that change your life? Now you on a different stratosphere now it's on.


Did you, did you act differently or were you still the same? I was about, I was bad as hell. I was bad as hell. I was bad as hell. I would go listen this. Okay, so around this time, this triple platinum battle, this is the first album. You right man. I'm pulling up to the soso def officer going out, hitting the power surges, boom, boom, boom. Lights go off in the office, everybody computers, meetings going on. They're like, what the hell? Jermaine banned me from the studio. Jermaine banned me from the office. Damn. You cutting up like That. I was a bad kid. Like I knew That's, and that's why I believe when people ask me like, how do you Think you still have your head on your shoulders? I'm like, because I had my, I had my childhood. Right. You know, nobody took that away from me. I played, like I said, I played football, but even when I was famous, I remained a kid.


I was pulling pranks on people. Like I said, turned off the power at the office. I just had no care. And not only, not only being a superstar, a young superstar, but I'm still a kid. So I got that. Haha. Real. And you, you can say right now, right, because I'm paying your bills. I'm paying your bills. Right. I'm paying your bills. I'm keeping the lights on so I can turn these lights off whenever I feel like it. So, and I'm a kid, right? So there's only so much you gonna do, but call my mama. Right. That's all you can do. Or tell Jermaine and Jermaine gonna be like, stop. And I ain't stopping. I ain't stopping. So yeah, I, I remained a kid, bro. And if, if, if Jermaine was here, he'll tell you. That's one thing that boy did. He, we could be anywhere. He just always, at that time he was a kid.


Right. And he remained that. What was your favorite, what's your favorite memory from that time? Favorite memory from that time? It'd be sound on Master Square Garden. Wow. Yeah. MSG for sure. The garden. And it's so many moments. Like I'm just sitting here thinking it's so many. Me and Madonna, it's so many, so many memories. But that one right there was different for me. Right. Because I'm like all the history that happens in this band. 13, a little boy from Ohio. Really? Wow. 16,000 kids in here. This is crazy. And then to do it again, then to come back and do it again and then to be 38 and we still doing it.


It's a blessing. It's, it's, I never, I never imagined. Did you think, I mean, 'cause I mean, I don't know. I'm trying to think, is there a child star that's as big as you were at that now as big as you were back then because you had to, I mean, yeah. Teenage girls follow you. Small girls follow you fainting. Just like wanted to take a picture, wanted to get a glimpse of you wanted to see, just wanted to see Bow. Wow. I mean One person come to mind. Who the closest thing to Lil Bow. Wow. Probably be Bieber. Okay. I'll give it, I'll give it a JB that's my man. Yeah. That I only because he, he started young. I was 13 though, so I'm, I was the youngest. I'm not sure. I think Bieber might, might be 13, 14, whatever.


But the closest Yeah. That I've seen. 'cause Chris started at 1516. Right. He was already Right. Getting to it. Right where, You know, me and Beeb was probably like 13 years old. Right. Because when Michael blew up, he was in the group. He wasn't solo like you and Eve like you, like you were like Beeb's were, he was with the Jackson five. Right. And then once he went on his own, good night. Good night. Good. Tie that. Good night. So what was the, the craziest fan interaction? Now this, this is good. I'm in Chicago. Okay. I had three sold out shows in one day. Right. That's how I used to do 'em. Theater shows. Right. We'll do like the one o'clock, then the Matine and then we'll do the 7:00 PM one.


Right. Three sold out shows in one day. It's crazy. So during, I wanna say after the second show. Yep. After the second show, I go out to my tour bus and it's a loading dock and you just look up and you see all the fans. Right. Waving their posters and screaming. And I just see legs, feet, and bottom of tennis shoes in there. Girl jumped off the loading dock off the bridge like the tunnel and lands on the top of my tour bus. And she was, I, I've never seen nothing like that. And I was like, what the hell she Was, she wasn't hurt. Nope. And she, I'm not getting down to you sign this, please. You gotta sign this. We had to call the fire department at it. Come out, put the ladder up to the bus, get her down safely.


I signed it for her. And the rest is history. The funny thing is I've met her and I know she's watching this. I've met her again since and she always reminds me, You know who I am. I'm like, that jumped off your bus. I've been like, oh my gosh. And, and she's grown now and every time I see her it is, it is. It's funny. Just she always bringing it up all the time. Right. But yeah, that was wild. But during that time also, there was another little came out, little Romeo. Was that a healthy competition between you two guys? I really didn't feel no competition honestly because I never really looked at him or nobody. Anybody Else in your space. Yeah. And, and it is not even from like a arrogant or thing.


It's more of I was just focused on doing me. I didn't really have time to, You know what I mean? I feel big. I mean 3 million records, I'm touring arenas. Like there's really no Right. I'm not trying to compete with nobody. I'm just doing my thing and I'm winning. I think during that time with him and me, when he came out it was a lot of, it was easy to compare. Right. Because you're both young. Both young. You little Romeo, you little Bow. Wow, I'm, he got the, I got the Mickey Mouse, he got the Bugs Bunny. We both have two Iconic hip hop gurus behind this. I got jd, he got P. It was just so easy to pin us together. And me and Rome never wanted the fans to pick and choose and do all that Like Right. So there's enough space for both Of us. There's enough space to eat. And we always had a cool relationship, You know what I mean?


And I remember as we got older, he told me like, bro, do You know why I did all that bro, I did that 'cause I looked up to you bro. Right. Like, You know what I mean? Like I was no different than every other little boy with braids, bro. It was you. Why you think I'm Harlem shaking in my videos? I know that's yours. Why you think I'm doing the, the, the seawalk? Right. I know that. But I looked up to you bro and I never told you that. And I want to say thank and he gave my roses when we, when me and Soulja boy did verses he came on the stage and gave another speech. Like bow you the Jordan, I'm the Kobe and You know, soldier LeBron, however he put it. But yeah, I never in life had a, had a problem with Romeo. Right. Never in life. I think it was more of, and if he was here say the same thing, it was more of the people, The fans do it trying To Yeah.


Stir up something to give the media and everybody something to talk about. But we ain't let it happen though. Have you ever been starstruck? Hell yeah. Two on two occasions. Okay. One of 'em, I was bow like, I'm like me, I'm here now. Right. Barack Obama got me. Really? Man, to this day I still feel like it was fake. I feel like it was a cutout. Like was it really him? Right. Bro. I went to the White House. Like that's a big flex for me. 'cause I remember. Yeah, I remember like they used, we used to have to save up our money and ask our mamas for field trip. They used to take the bus up to DC. Yeah. Just so you can go 13 hour trip or eight hour drive on a yellow bus and go stand outside the gate.


Yeah, Yeah. To see the white House, to see it. Not going inside. Not going inside. It not, I mean nothing. I'm like, man, this the boy, this the flex, bro. I'm got, I'm in here. Right? Like, I'm looking, I'm, man, what? I'm walking around and they, and immediately they called our group, bam. Time to go downstairs and take pictures. I'm like, all right. I ain't know what to expect. I'm like, man, I'm damn. It's crazy. I'm, man, you see it on my face. I'm, man, this is wild. Like, I never thought, man, I walked, I hit that corner. Miss Michelle was right there. Obama right there. First thing he said, Roll, Bounce. You know, he shot in Chicago. He's like, Roll, Bounce. You already know.


Let go. I'm like, oh, that's dope. You saw it. That's hard. I appreciate that. That's hard. And then we took the photo, bro. If I, if, if we post a picture of myself and bro, I had the biggest smile that, probably the biggest smile you'll ever see on my face because I just couldn't believe it. And I sent a picture right to my mom and I, You know, that, that was a moment right there. That, that definitely was a moment. And then the first time I met mj, I call him Mr. Jordan, but, but Michael, but Mr. Jordan, I call him Mr. Jordan. He like, he levitating nothing. He don't seem real, does he? I be trying to tell my boys that I, it is different. Y'all here. It's different. It's different. I know, I know. I know who your goat is. We gonna get to that later. But it's different.


He don't seem real. I'm Trying to tell people it's different. Dude, levitate Man. It's different. It's different. And, and how we met for the first time is crazy. 'cause Marcus, Marcus is one of my close friends, right? Like, we pretty much grew up together. Every scream tour, I stayed at the house. Right? The house that they just sold, I would always stay there. Right. And how we met was, we didn't even meet during Like Mike. Right? So just, just imagine. So I'm over at Marcus house. I told you I'm a big Duke fan now. Right? That's a North Carolina. That's a tar Hill house. Yeah. Yeah. He don't play that. I wore Reebok to the house. I wore some Iversons. That was my guy Right after, after Marcus' dad retired. AI was, my man attacked the break. I just saw me. So I'm in the house with the opposite.


I wake up, me and Marcus in his room. We wake up in the morning. I just see that door crack open like a father, like a real dad. Hey, who bullshits these? And Marcus looking like, I don't, I don't even, you already know. Don't even look at me. It is jump man forever. Right. I'm on the floor asleep. I'm like, huh? He like, DJ yours, bow. I'm like, yeah, shit's going in the trash. John, Michael, man, get get get get get, get get, get a little man some kicks, man. After, I never saw my opposite ever. Marcus told The story that threw your shoes in the Trash, threw my opposite away. Gone. Gone. That was my introduction. And ever since then, anytime he see me, it is short.


Shit. When you going grow, when you gonna grow some men short shit, you still short as shit. Look at you. He ain't gonna grow. He grow inch look like he always going pop it. Yes. He going to pop. Yes. And You know, that was probably the, wasn't even probably the only two times I was like, oh wow, okay, okay. These photos. Oh, that's crazy. I mean, people don't know this. Oh. But you do realize like LeBron is only two years older than you. I know. Do you see Allall like tall? Is it? Yo, I got one of the coldest pitches. That's crazy. Beyonc is five years older than you that, so how old do you Think you are in this picture? I'm probably like 13 and I pair like 14. No, 13.


Probably 13. Going on 14. Or I might be 14. That's it, I think. No, look at this. That picture's incredible. How is this when you like, you're like six. How old are you here? Because That's whole jd. I'm like, I'm like 13 right there. Hold On. That's probably all in the same time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because was my album out then? I want say no. I don't think. Beware of do. We were probably working on my album at the time. 'cause I got the iced out, Mickey my machine. Yeah. So I got the chain already. But I don't think Bounce for Me came out. It was about to come out, right? Yep. This around money in the thing, era. 'cause I came out and performed with Jay-Z and JD in Atlanta here at the A. Right. So, yeah. Yeah. That's around that time. When you see those pictures, what goes through your mind?


Is that kid 78 years old now or yet? Legacy. Legacy. That's what, Do you remember how, how old are you in this picture? 13. 16. 16. In that picture. Yep. LeBron was about to go to the league. LeBron at 18. I was 16 and I was at TRA when we did that. I got a cold picture of LeBron after that, when he got to the league that I've never shared with nobody. Right. And I told myself, my boy know this. I said, the day he retired, he's what? I'm, I'm gonna post it. I got a fire picture in Atlanta too. Wow. LeBron Fire can't wait. I can't wait to post it. The you did the remix. Jumping, jumping. Well, Destiny's Child's remix.


What was, what was your interaction with them? I mean, 'cause the Meet Beyonc, 'cause at the time they're Destiny's Child. Beyonc hadn't gone on for her own yet. Correct. But they're still there. The hottest women's group out. Absolutely. Absolutely. And so you meet them. So what's, what's going through your mind? I go to Houston for the first time. Okay. With JD and Brian, Michael Cox. Okay. We go down there, they working on the record. I'm in the studio with them. Beyonc was younger back then, was a thrill to work with. And the thing is, we were label mates. So Destiny Child was on Columbia. I was on Columbus. So we always intertwined, like always was moving through each other. If I'm at the wards, they're there. If I'm in the office having a meeting and I'm in New York, the girls are there too. So I will always see them. And that's how me and Solange was able to have our own friendship and our own thing.


And you even see her play a little part of my career. And we did a movie together, Jonathan Fan vacation. And then she was in my, one of my videos. And that's how that whole thing kind of stemmed. And then Yvette, who works very close to, to Beyonc, was also overseeing some of my projects too. So we were label mates. So it was just so easy to have that blend. But yeah, man, it was, it was a pleasure working with them. And even to this day, when I see B, she's always the same Kelly as well. They're all Michelle. They're always the same. I can, I can say that like never changed, never switched up. And I was happy that I had, I, I got a chance to work with Destiny Child, the group. Like that's something I, I hold dearly. Your song bounced with me.


It was in the soundtrack Big Mama House. How did that, how did that, how does a, if you get a song on a soundtrack and it's obviously the movie, how does that help a song? Does it help or does it really take it to the next level? If it's a hit? Yeah. If it's a hit, yeah. But also, I mean, like soundtracks were so big back then. They were talking about men in black soundtracks, soundtracks doing double triple platinum, right? Yes. And yes, there were the first single off of a soundtrack, usually nine times Outta 10 was a smash record. Right. And I guess that's what happened with Big Mama's House, with Bounce With Me. 'cause it became a number one record. Right. And it definitely jumpstarted everything.


Having placement in the movie, hearing it and, and then bringing it to life with the video and how Jermaine presented me to come, because the first single off of that Big Mama South soundtrack was him and Monica. Right. And Nas and he ushered me in at the end of that video, it was like, he's the future, right. Who is this? And I come busting through the door. It's the beat to the, oh, the, they like, whoa. Like who is this little kid? And it was the perfect setup. And Jermaine tease him and I remember the scream blowing up off of it. And then that's how we segue into to bounce with him. He let me do a little bit of bounce at the end of the day video. Right. And then we went and shot the real thing. Right Now. Okay. You're blowing up, you're doing your rap thing, you're singing, how did this transition takes the little Right.


And now you're doing movies. Had you always wanna do that? Did you see that natural? No. I had no idea. I I had no idea. That wasn't even in the plan. Okay. By me playing so much basketball and incorporating sports in, into my videos, once we were of Dogg came out and we went triple platinum, it's like All Eyes On is on this kid. Okay. He's the biggest thing in music right now. And then 20th Century Fox is working on this movie about a kid could play basketball pretty good. We gotta get a little Bow. Wow. There's only one kid. Right. And it was because of it Hot. I was over here, brought the attention, and they came and got me.


So John Schultz, the director of Like Mike, he came to Columbus, Ohio, right. This now I'm 14. I did Like Mike at 14. 14 now. Yeah. We're in the gym then after trial for the movie Cast Me, I was casting before they came down. Right. We just in the gym shooting, talking. It's like how we are. Right. And, and You know, you got the part or something cooking when they like, okay, cool. So You know, we gotta get the schedule right and get you out here to, You know, to la And I think, think about this. I'm not taking none of this stuff. He's saying serious, like nothing he's telling me. Right. Because I'm so ghetto in my mind that when he say movie, I'm thinking Baller Block. And I'm thinking we about to go shoot a DVD like straight to dvd. Yeah. Like when you say movie to me, like at the age I'm at, that's how far off from Hollywood I was.


Right. I'm thinking like the movies that I like to watch. Right. Because the movies I like to watch, it don't look like You know how to make them type of movies. So it just don't. So we get to la I'm, I still don't know how big this thing is. I report it to set and I was like, What is going on? I am lost. Like, I knew nothing. I never had an acting coach. I, I, I thought I had to memorize my whole script, Shannon. Like, I didn't know. We break it up in days and we shoot three scenes. No, no. I thought we were gonna shoot the whole movie, movie in one day. And I thought I had to memorize this whole script.


Right. I was thrown off. But I've always been the type of person, throw me in the water. Let me, let me figure it out. I'll, I'll learn how to swim. Right. Man, you look at all these movies, all about the Benjamins, Like Mike Johnson's family vacation Roll, Bounce, the Fast and the Furious. Tokyo Drift lottery ticket. Madea big family, big happy family. Scary movie. Five F nine. You've been in TV shows with Steve Harvey, Madha, entourage, CSI Cyber. Now you having to like, okay, I got this music career and I got this acting career. Did you, were you ever torn? Like, I feel like I'm cheat, I feel like I'm cheating on one or the other. Earlier I was, earlier in my career I was because it, You know, to sustain that hotness of music, you gotta stay with it.


But then as I got older and I started figuring the, the music business out and the ups, the downs, the stress, I was like, this Hollywood thing is Hawaii. Yeah. This is a mess. Once I got to that point, I could let go of that feeling. 'cause then acting and being on this set brought me so much happiness because of the stability. Right. Rapping, I'm moving, I'm on the road, I'm touring. I'm in a different city every night. I the sleep patterns off, I'm in the, So we all made mistakes, right? But on the up to them, it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and auto protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does.


'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bring it back to og Cool Rush s sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com.


And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle to while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose Value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places. Click fast and save big. Shop our blinds.com Spring Cyber Monday sale, happening right now. And elevate your space with brand new custom window treatments today. blinds.com is the number one online retailer for custom window treatments, offering you professional support and styles that fit any budget from classic shutters and bamboo shades, even motorized shades for your outdoor space.


blinds.com has something for everyone with honest upfront pricing and no hidden fees. DIY or let us handle everything from Measure to install. blinds.com makes it easy With free virtual consultations. Our design experts will help guide you from start to finish with free samples sent directly to you so you can try before you buy. Plus every order includes our 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blind.com. Spring Cyber Monday sale going on right now. Save up to 45% with minimum purchase. Plus get a free professional measure up to 45% off@blinds.com Rules and restrictions may apply. Club I gotta host, I gotta do this. I got, it's just sometimes it's just like woo woo, woo woo, woo woo.


It just becomes a lot. But the acting side of things, You know what you're shooting Monday through Friday schedule. You know what time to wake up. It's the same thing. It's like a nine to five that just pay like a, a nine to five. You know what I'm saying? That's all it is. Right. And that's what made me love acting more than the music at that particular time. Yeah. I can't say I can't. I I It's not the same now. Not the Same back then. Nah. The first movie you, if I'm not mistaken, was all about the Benjamins were Mike Epps and and Cube. Correct. And if that's not correct, then it's Carmen with Beyonc and Most def Okay. I did Carmen Robert Townsend. Right. Directed that movie. So you do the Mike Epps and, and and and Cube.


How did that, how did that come about Being Bow Wow. Being the hottest kid in the world in Cube, one of the Badass Boy to play that part. And similar to Like Mike, go get Little Bow. Wow. Right. And I remember being in Miami, that was the first time I went and was hot as hell. Yes. And I was sitting all day when we played this interview back, people were like eight, seven. The labels set on just Yeah, definitely was. But it was, it was cool. It was fun. It it was fun. I remember like it was yesterday working with Mike Epps and working with Cube and then to fast forward Tom and now look, it's like, damn, I you mentioned lottery ticket. Now they in my movie Cube and Mike Epps like full circle.


I went from having three lines with Mike to him starring in my movie with me. So Wow. God is good. And then you do Like Mike and you have NBA players, you have ai, Vince Carter to Tracy Mcg, TAC Steve, Francis Dirk, Gary Peyman. Gary Peyton. What's your favorite, what's your favorite moment about being on the set and now all of a sudden these, these NBA players? Because at once upon a time you wanted to be a basketball player, I wanna be. Oh, and so now you're on, you got your own movie. Yeah. And you on the set and you got NBA players. These some of the best NBA players. I was doing to them. What Katz do to me, if I go to a URL battle or if I go somewhere yo battle, let me rap for you, let me, let me get that.


What man, I was challenging him left and right. I need that. I need that one on one. I got see Real No Ka Jason Kid play me. Gary Peyton played me one-on-one. I beat Lonzo even though he wasn't you just talking about NBA players just in general beat him. That's recorded. That's document Lonzo Ball. You beat Lonzo Ball. Did I? With no shoes on. You Cooked him with no shoes. You got the footage. It's everywhere You cooked him. Wow. You cooked him. They was talking about this on s esp talking About, I ain't know about that. Oh man. What Lakers came down here to Atlanta when he was playing with Lakers, all of them. Brandon Ingram. Everybody was at the studio. We got a, You know, Jermaine got a, we got a GIC inside full court basketball court.


Yeah. Playing around. Okay. I need that. I I need that bow no shoes on. Bow Bow. I beat him in the first round. The second round he came back His thing. Hey, he might totally seriously. Yeah, he, he took it real seriously. He wasn't playing because we was filming. So I knew he was like this. They about to put that out. Of course, of course. Of course. We gonna put that Out there. Being at your height in the movie, you dunked. Yeah. What's that feeling like? Because you have to like be in a back. Like, I wanna know what it feels like to do. I was nervous. Really? I was nervous because we had to test it. Like I was on this harness, so this rig.


Right. So as I'm running, I remember they pulled it too hard. Right. And it's like, whoa. And I got to the rim too fast. Right. And I was like, yo. And I, we gotta slow down a little bit. But once we got it, I really had to run and then they would do it, then I would go up. Right. It was, I loved it. It was fun. You Doing all kind of crazy dunks. Oh My God, I was ready for the league. Damn. I was ready. What about, You know, LeBron did, did a remake of Space Jam. Would you like LeBron to do a remake? Is there somebody out there that could do a remake of, Like, Mike, would you like to see a remake of Like Mike? Or is it too soon? I don't think it's too soon. I think it should have happened already.


Right. And they try to do a part two, they try to take it to the street ball aspect. That's when, and one came into the mix and didn't do good. Right. To this day, we, I don't, and the fans don't consider that a part two to nothing. Right. I don't even like talk about talk about it. You know what I'm saying? But I definitely feel that there is something, there's been ideas that we've been playing around with. Right. Just talking nothing locked in. Even if it's, You know, my daughter or, You know, does Calvin have a son now? Right. Does You know, is It okay? I like that. Am I, am I now is, is, is is, is Morris Chestnut now the head coach? Or he's the owner? Am I still playing and I'm now the Yeah. Like what's the dynamic? And I we definitely can do it now.


I, I feel because even women's basketball's dominating too. Yeah. But I just see it, I see the Steph Curry, I see LeBron, I see KD D book. I just see that cover of with the new guys. And I think that'd be dope to do it if if done Right. Right. And I think that it's highly possible. What if Nike released a a Like Mike shoe? I I would With my, Me and Nike spoke about this. Yeah. And then we did it. Oh, I'm gonna be happy as hell. Shit. I'm gonna be happy What? To come out. Because a lot of people don't know. The Light Mic shoe was the Converse. The Dr. J Converse. Yes. You have no idea. Like they had, we had the Blazer, which is the shoe I actually wore in the movie. Yes. And then we had the Converse Right. Tar Hill with the star, with the, the Dr.


J joints. Yes. And it, it was a, it was, it was, we was torn between the two. Right. Twin Inches Rock. They could not pick Fox could not pick. They were like, yo, I'm like, you gotta go with the Nike. Like, what are we talking about here? So, and they dropped the Blazer. People still rock the Blazers. Yeah. They come in different flavors. But I definitely felt like being that that movie was so Iconic and so monumental. Right. The Blazer should have came out. Even me. Can you imagine how much money Nike would've made if they would've sold it? Like Mike Shoe? Yeah. Like right in time of the movie release and put that shoe out. Right. That would've been crazy.


Another guy that you played one on one was Kobe rest his soul. I knew he was gonna bring this one Up. You got him? Hell no. See, Kobe don't take, he don't take it either. He going for the GU stuff. Yo, let me tell you man, yo, he, I thought I was gonna have a cool moment Right. To the internet. Like, I'm about to go play Cole. I'm about to, You know, do my little thing, make a little, couple buckets and You know it's gonna be what it's going to be. Right. I went, the only reason why we played was because Jermaine's assistant at the time played Kobe. Okay. And got smoked. Yeah. I mean bad. So I'm like, man, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up. I ain't, nah, nah, nah. Hold up.


And at the, and at that time I'm big on bro. Like, I think bro is like Right. And I wore my Cleveland Indian hat to the, to the, to the, to the Kobe camp, all that. I'm like, man, you ain't about to dream like that. I'm like, it's Team Heat. I'm like, he like, what you want? I'm like, man, yeah you still playing. I wanna play. So Jermaine like, all right, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up and I'm gonna tell you something. All that he Bow. Wow. And he, nah, he took it for real. I left yo I left that gym and I said I will never play in the NBA, nor do I want to. I was so sore. Then I went to Orlando. That's right. I went to Orlando to go hang out with Chris.


We go to a magics game. Big baby lands on me now. This, the next day after I play car, I'm sore as hell. Right. His big ass lands on me. Like, I'm like this. Ah, IIII, I just couldn't do it. Like Kobe, How many points you get on cold? None. He skunked you. None. He smothered me. He he pat his thumb in my waist. He was doing like he was Playing you like, you a real hooper. He was hand checking and doing all the stuff that I, if Kobe, I promise God rest, soul. If he was alive right now, if he was allowed to play defense, like he played defense on me in the league or the league could play defense like that nowadays it'd be a problem. Like he literally had his thumb, like in my side.


He was telling me, you gonna go wherever I tell you to go, you gonna go where the more to go? I'm like, I'm doing this. He's like, yeah, slap me, push me, push me. I like that shit. Push me. And then what was so dope about the one-on-one is people got a chance to see Kobe in a light that they never got a chance to see Kobe. Yeah. You hear about the mamba mentality? Yeah. But it's hard to hear when you watching tv. Right. But when we did the YouTube, we play one-on-one. You hear 'em? My condolences man, man we can't play like that. I don't, I don't give a shit. Who, who say you can make rules. You can't make no rules. And he talking to me, talking to me cra he talking to me like I'm not Bow. He talking to me crazy like motherfucker you. Yeah. And the, and the event was a a thousand dollars or if I made one shot, he was gonna pay for two floor seats for the entire year for me.


He was gonna eat that. Damn. You know them liquor tickets cost to It. That's why he ain't, that's why he went so hard because you, You know, you coincide game. We know how much them, we, they up there. Yeah. So to pay for two for the whole year. What I was trying my best to listen. You try to get one basket. Look, it's a clip. All you had to get was one basket. Listen man, there was a clip. If we watch it, we play back where he misses the ball, the ball go over here. I go get the ball. I swear to God I grabbed the ball. You gonna hear Jermaine saying, let's go babe. Shoot it, shoot it. I wanted to, but by the time I raised up, it was no time. Like even though it, it was probably space.


The way he close out that six six, that man, it turned into like seven one. I'm like, oh hell no. I, I said I ain't shooting it. Then he just slapped the ball in my hand. He pushed me around, he throwing me. I'm like man, I can't do it. Then he dunked on me. Damn. But all you had to do was get one basket and you get floor seats to the Lakers game for the whole year. I tried My hardest. He wouldn't let me do it. He Wouldn't let me dribble shit. He wouldn't let me dribble. I have, I'm having a ball man. He reaching over me, grabbing me like God rest his soul. And yeah man, that, that meant something to me.


That's something I can look back at my life. That right there is like a bucket list. Like every kid would love to play Kobe Bryant one-on-one play Kobe. Right. And then for that to tragedy happen. Yeah. That's something I'm gonna always hold dearly to my heart. Yeah, for sure. You do. Johnson Family Vacation. Steve said Solange, you had, you knew Solange before you did jump, correct? Yep. Yep. So that's what made it made it easy. So what was it like on the set? Because you got two great comedians said and Steve, they probably kept it light the entire time. They did. They did. They was always joking around and, and especially when you work with comedian, the best part is they go off script. That's when they at their best. Yes. They don't even pay attention. You'll be watching them and miss your turn. Like, oh damn, it's me, it's my line.


My fault. I, they went off script. Right. And that's when, that's when Camino's at their best. No, no story really sticks out really crazy. 'cause Steve came and shot all of his parts in one day, if I'm not mistaken. Really? Yep. He was in out, yeah, Steve was in and out. But I spent a lot of time with Ed learning from him talking to him. And Ed knows how to turn it on and off. Right. Like said is a real cool St. Louis cat. Like he's just laid back super cool and You know, he'll say things and it'd be funny like, man, You know that dude over there that she, he'll say like something. But he was always super cool. And I remember just being in school all the time. That's all I was doing. Working on movies end. It was school. I spent more time in the classroom than I did on set.


That's how I go. Right. Roll, Bounce. You got Nick Cannon, Megan Good, Mike Epps, Charlie Murphy. What, what was it about that, how was that set Roll, Bounce set Was how, I'm trying to find the words to describe it to me. It was work. It was work. I was at a different, I was in a different place in my life. Okay. I was 16, going to 17, living in Chicago on my own. Becoming a young man now. Smelling myself a little, little too bit. I was in a weird space in life. That's why I was able to, to, to do that role and, and and, and do it because I wasn't acting right.


You know what I mean? I was just getting paid to show my real raw emotions. And that's, that's how I was feeling. The, the scene with the car, me breaking it, crying and it was intense. Like that movie brought, that movie turned me into an actor working with Sha McBride. Right. I remember before we, the day before we shot that scene, the garage scene with the car, he told me, look, tomorrow I'm not gonna talk to you. I was like, what? He's like, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna say a word tomorrow. I need you locked in. I'm I'm gonna need you. I need you tomorrow. Wow. I didn't understand what that meant. Came to set next morning. Went the trailer. Good morning everybody. What's up? What's up? S Shy. They going? No. Good morning back. Okay, cool.


It's a character. So I'm, I'm going off your energy then. I'm I'm with you on. So I did the same thing too. I locked in. I ain't wanna talk. And when we gotta that set, he drove himself down. He drove his car and sat in the car and said Don't call me out here until y'all call Roland. And he told me right before they called action, I'm about to bring it out your ass today. I'm bring it out you today. I ain't know what he meant. It was like, you about to see a different you today. Action. Bam. Writing into it, dah dah, duh. Looking at him, my mom, I just started crying. I just, I don't know, it was just he and he just gave me the biggest hug after he was done doing it and said, I'm so proud of you. Then he, there was his real tears then.


Right. He really cried with me. Like, I'm so proud. You are an actor boy. And that day was the day I said, oh yeah. And I never had an acting coach nothing. But that was the day, That was the day that you said, okay, I'm an actor. I'm an actor. I can finally say I'm an actor. I'm not a rapper. Who asks, I'm an actor. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm not getting these roles because of the rap stuff No more. I'm getting them because I'm can do it and I'm going on tape and I'm killing it. And I took it very seriously. Very serious. You did Fast and The Furious. But like Van Diesel Luda. Yep. None of those guys. I worked With them. You did On the last one. Yo Yo finally got a chance to work with the the Yeah. The, yeah. Yeah. I was, I was waiting on that. Like, I was like okay, we gotta meet up at some point.


'cause the movies that Luda wasn't in were the ones that I was in. I felt like the luda of those movies. Pretty much. I was the, You know, I was the rapper. Right. You know what I'm saying? And for me to get that opportunity to be in the scene with Reese and Luda, I always vision that to happen. I always vision Twinge has to meet Ludas character. Right. It's just only right that they meet. And that was the dynamic of that scene was us. It was the first time we've ever seen each other in life. But we've heard of each other but we never met. So that was dope. And then to work with Vin Diesel, he sold, I worked with Vin Diesel twice. Such a good dude. Standup dude. Easy to work with the whole family, easy to work with. Like right fast, fast and Furious sets is it don't feel like work because everyone's been together for 10 plus years.


Right. So it's just, we get it. You don't have to worry about nailing that. The way you don't have to worry about coming to set that, that, that scene. I can't remember my line man. It's normal. Like it's just so normal. It's so easygoing. And working with Justin Lin, who I feel is the greatest fast and Furious director ever. Okay. I feel that deeply in my heart. And I had the chance to work with him on his first one, which was Tokyo Drift. Right. Now there's the last one coming up. They bring in the rock back. You gonna be in that one If they call, we there, we there. Andy, if they call we there, we there. Right. You worked at Mades. What big happy family you got family with Tyler Perry.


What's Tyler? Because You know, I've heard only great things about Tyler, about, You know, his set and how professional it is. How he pays. Yeah. How he takes care of his. Woo. Put it this way. You know how like you might play for a team? Yeah. And let's say you about to, you get traded, you about to go to this team. Yeah. And you get like a, let's see a Bill Belichick, you done went from having a cool, fun coach to you doing it your way and then you get traded now. Bill Belichick, your coach, you like, I damn. Yeah. I, okay. I gotta be on my Best behavior. Yes. I Gotta be on mine. Yeah. TP like that. Really Mr. Perry? Oh yeah. Most definitely. Because his style is, he comes from plays.


So he's used to things moving very, very quickly. Right Quick. So when I got to set, I'm always prepared. So I'm never worried. Right. I'm, I'm ready for whatever. Right. First scene was the hardest scene of the day. He gave us the, I'll never forget, first scene was the backyard scene with the fellas. It was a long scene. I said, damn, are you giving us the scene first? This the first scene. We Damn Out the gate. Damn like out the gate. Like he don't want us to crawl into a no and he wants you to move fast, you gotta know it on next, close next. So it was like, you gotta get it. And he's so hands on and he's a genius. He is the person that came in with the by in that was tp.


He did that. 'cause I remember Tiana going off of me in the scene and all you hear is Mr. Perry up behind the thing on Pat, pat Weaver. You gotta pat it a little harder. Pat it like this, pat it like this. Tiana like, get in, get that ire. I wanna say re the crew laughing. I'm trying not to laugh. Yeah. But he, he, he saw it. He's watching the monitor and he is like, something's missing in the middle of the scene. He'll just throw stuff at you like, and you gotta be able to get with it. Get it and go. And Tiana grasps me. She got it. She's like, get ghetto. Even more ghetto with it. Bye ran. I want you to annoy people.


Wow. And boy didn't she, she, she did not disappoint. She did not disappoint. So that was a Tyler thing. He's like I say, he, he knows how to, he mixes that play. Right. Stuff with the movie. And, and I love it. I I love working with Tyler 'cause I love to work fast. I love to move on and Tyler's the only person I know in the film business who can shoot a movie, a big production movie in seven days and it's gonna come to the theater and you'll think it took three months. He knows he changed the game. You know, want. Man, I'm telling you, that man changed the game. I've seen it. It's, I'm like, I be on sets, I'm like, oh my God. Which this was a Tyler Perry studio production, They Move fast. Right. So yeah. How was the working with TT Tema Taylor All fun.


Been doing TT for ever like super cool person. Talented. Now she's directing, which is dope. And I, I wanna say that was her first movie. Yeah. That was her first movie. She did, she did really, really, really, really good. And I expect to see her more stuff. I think she should have did more right after that. Right. But like I said, she's very talented and I, I wish nothing but the best tee. That's my dog Bow. Do you remember the first time you opened up your bank account and you saw a thousand, a hundred thousand, a million dollars in your account? Nope. But I remember turning 18 and I had to go back to Columbus and I had to sit in front of that judge.


He was like, okay, I'm about to turn over your finances. I was like, okay. Because You know when you, it was like the Jackie, so in the Beginning you, you it's on the trust. Yep. Can't touch it. Can't touch it. It's got like a Jackie Cogan account or something like that. That, did I say that right? Yeah. I think that's what they call it. Correct me if I'm wrong, but Yeah, it, you can't touch it. Like your parents can't nobody it, the judge oversees it and then when you turn 18, he turns this. Okay. He turned it over To you. Turned it over to you. Here you go. And I, I I, I was so happy because he did, the judge never understood why I needed a Ferrari at 17. I had to go to him for every major purchase. Wow. He had to approve it. I'm like, I am a rap star. Yeah. I And it's my money.


Yeah. I need a chu. Yeah I need a Ferrari. It's not safe. He can do something like a three series BMW would be perfect. It's like, bro, like you are Bro. You know who I am. Me bro. Hey you talking about a three series, Three series. Beamer told me that's, that's what I can get or get, You know, I'm like, you don't understand the culture dog. I, I can't wait till I turn 18 and get it. But yeah, of course man, you always remember seeing that. And even to this day, I still get excited. Right. Like my manager will go over numbers and, You know what I'm saying? We'll, we'll we will handle business. And he always shows me stuff and I'm like, Damn God is good. Yeah.


That's all I can say. God is good. When they turned, when they turned the account over to you, what was your first major purchase? I went car crazy. 'cause remember Jermaine? Yeah. I had to catch his ass. Yeah. So I went, my first purchase was a, I wanted, I started off small but I really wanted this car, the, the Nissan three 50 Z when they first came out. Okay. I won 'em. It was cool. Everybody. That's Your favorite Fast and Furious or something like that? No. Did I do fast? I did fast after fast. Yep. I wanted that car. I just thought it was cool was me. Got that. You know how it is, you start getting more money. See different thing I went from, now they gotta go, I want a Maserati, Maserati second car. And I kept calling it Maserati Ferrari because You know they sell Maserati at the Ferrari dealership.


Right. So I used to tell my boy I got a Ferrari. Maserati. They like, What? Oh, I got a Ferrari. Maserati Black on black. They like, you got a Maserati, right. Nah, nah, nah. It's a Ferrari. Maserati. They go and it don't exist. I didn't like them telling me that don't exist. So You had to go get it, took It back, Got It real. Got the yellow 360, got a Ferrari. So at the time when I had the yellow 360, I had that, I had the Benley Rover. Hummer Maybach took the yellow fro back, got a drop red FO 30 spider. Had that full minute, got rid of that, then got a Lambo, Merc Lago bought that. I went car. Crazy.


Mm. That's all I loved was cars. I already had the house. I went, I wanted whips. Yeah. 'cause I wrote that your reality show, you and your mom and you went and got the Maybach. Yep. That, That was my second Maybach. I bought, my mom bought me my very first one. Right. My 21, my 21st birthday. Right. And then I didn't really see a point of having one then. Right. It was a waste of money. Right. But when I went and bought my Maybach on the show, I bought that one. But I really now I could enjoy it because the lifestyle is different. Right. I don't wanna get caught having a DUI when I'm going out hosting and I'm working or if it's a late night at the studio and I'm trying to make it all the way back to the other side of town, which is, You know, Atlanta traffic be crazy 55 minutes.


Yeah. I'm, I'm far. So it's like I never want to be put in situations. So I've got the Maybach just for comfort reasons. Right. And it just made sense for me. I live far filming every day, traveling, just moving and grooving out. And besides like, I even after this, I, I used to love just getting in my car, taking my shoes off. Shoes off your Kickback and Kickback. You Ain't gotta worry about Driving man. You ain't gotta worry about nothing. Right. Nothing. So. Right. Yep. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Shehe profile and I'll see you there. Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant? The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often.


They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool Rush for yourself. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year.


For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places. The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back. We're partnering with Nissan. So pull up to their exclusive lounge to get a special look at the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks and Nissan Rogue. The Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 and features available 12.3 inch touchscreen display while the all new Nissan Kicks holds it down with a totally redesigned interior cabin with features like available wireless apple CarPlay and available panoramic moon roof. Relax and see how Nissan is leveling up the game. Come kick it April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Get ready for culture, community, and good conversation.