
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest tasks such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth should be celebrated as a win.


And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor, state Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer. Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state When it's tip off time. At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation.


With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education and employer's respect.


It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu. What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch.


No one can stop you. For more, check out Bose dot com, The Volume. All right man. We back another wonderful episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is dj well, joined by my two brothers Up here to my left. I got my dog, Bishop B, he out the PR release. How you what? Nasty cool and nasty. What's happening man? I, I forgot your new alias. He king. My apologies. Yeah, I just wanna start the show off by saying we love y'all man. We appreciate y'all love five 20 Man, I love Dr. Porters man. Leave lethal alone y'all. Y'all didn't get to see the end of the pod or the live, I mean like please stop threatening that man.


He ain't, he not like that for real y'all he not on that. He ain't trying to do that. It is, that shit was smoke mirrors so it's all love this way man. Stop telling that nigga. He a bitch ass nigga. Y'all smack fire from me. Yeah y'all. I ain't gotta do that bro. Y'all don't gotta put no physical threats on either man. Yeah, we straight. It's all love. But we appreciate y'all. I'm not telling y'all sitting down do what y'all want man. When I see y'all, you're in reviews and I see how many people posted. How else y'all listen to this podcast and support this podcast since this inception. Especially the last year. That shit fires. Hell man. People going crazy. That's love like a motherfucker. Yeah, for sure. For sure, for sure. Man. To my right for sure. To my right. My dog. Shout to my young dogs at Pike. They be like for sure look.


Winning do nah, shout to my dog Mi, that's my dad. Young nacho, young Teague. How you what brother? I'm chilling. Nasty cooling. Nah, I got, so these was by the dope for sure. I remember a couple weeks ago we was talking about Team Js. Nah and these was the ones I was talking about. These my team js. I ain't gonna lie. These motherfuckers feel like bricks though. Damn. Yeah, they, they heavy, they they ain't upgrade no material on these joints. These mothers is wicked. But damn. I like these when I was little, you know what's crazy that you say that man looking at all like the retros and stuff in like 20, 25. If you buy shoes, get that second job 'cause something come out every week. They doing retros but they're not doing retro cushioning bro.


I don none of these shoes feel like they used to like those feel like all right but the old Jordans, the old Nike basketball shoes, they actually had technology in cushion. It's all smoke and mirrors now. I don't know. These shoes feel comfortable bro. Yeah I got different kind Tahoe bro. I be straight bro. Yeah these ain't, these ain't fucking, I grew up wearing Barclays and shit like that so it was different. We did too but the Barclays we had don't feel like the Barclays now just see before saying be playing basketball and shit too. So a lot of shit matters when y'all put shit on them. Barclays, they're the worst shoes to put on ever. But you got, they got a booty and everything in them. You need slide your foot just like that. Yeah you need to have a seat to put them on. For sure. You can't stand up and just, you gotta really sit down and put your shoes on. Nah, ain't a nigga stand up.


You might be a bad bitch. You might twerk Hell God bro. Those shoes so hard to put on. And I'm gonna tell you right now, if you in the, you gotta shake the spot boy. You gotta get them barleys on. You caught my nigga front bare feet bro. Yeah, you might lead him at the, y'all not picking a nigga Up to swear barleys in the hoop session. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause he about to set screens and pass me the ball the whole time. That nigga not getting no fga. That's nigga he about to do all 30 work. That nigga never gonna get hurt. A nigga got hell or ankle support. So the niggas still come to the gym fresh in hoop gear or just t-shirt short now? Nah, I mean nah niggas hoop sessions is different. I'm just asking. Well you know hoop session and DJ hoop session is different. But when you go to any other hoop session bro, like niggas all, if you got on accessories and shit bro you got out you better be cold or you're getting torched.


So if a nigga got a wristband on, he damn near lying. I'm not picking you up. You got a wristband on. Yeah, you're not Reggie Miller, I don't want you on my team. I never understood the accessories though. Like even in real life, like I never understood like the the wristbands and shit. Like don't nobody ever do this. Niggas be grabbing they jerseys and doing that. Like what a wristband on. Yeah, that's right. I've never seen a nigga like do that but headbands are swaggy back in my head but headbands make sense 'cause it stopped sweat in your eyes for so much. But still to an extent like it still kind of old D but the people swear to balance bands. Yeah. Where are them niggas at now? They still off balance. Well see, I feel like now I see niggas wearing the, the leggings under it or the compression pants like that's accessory.


I can get that. Well that's, that's a, that's never necessary you got, I understand that it's a reason for that but you just have like a wristband. It's kind of crazy bro. But what you got on leggings under your hoop shorts though bro? We never that. It's like compression is also to keep you warm. Like nigga if you sit on the bench for a little bit, you know that heat. I can see the purpose in that. I but niggas is in open gym. If you sitting in the bench of open gym bro go home bro. You say I don know why niggas wear deal below leg session is different. You know what I mean? I ain't been in the gym in a bit. I'm just saying I seen the nigga for real like in the grocery store. He told me he left the hoop session and he had no pants on. I'm like bro what is you, what is that for bro? Niggas live about dreams every day B nah we respect, hey we, I know we talked about dude no whatever he got going on.


But it's one thing if you go to a hoop session with a jersey but if you go to a hoop session with the jersey and the shorts of a team, you are fucking disgusting. Yeah. Having a matching top set of a jersey is nasty bro. I just feel like professional athletes just do t-shirts nasty. I'm about start wearing my old shit. I think professional. Why wear T-shirt shorts though? They don't wear no jerseys. What are you doing bro? Trying Hey if you, if you start going to the, to the lions den and your NBA pissed, that's nasty. I'm about to wear my whole fit. That's nasty about throw back Haw Street Andre Owen. They too. Fuck it. Put that pressure swag on with my 4,400. Fuck it.


That's crazy. Y'all crazy man. Like you qualified to do that because you was a league player outside that you was nasty. If a nigga co wear his college uniform to the hoop session bro go back. Just go back bro. They need to bring Headbands back though. They back, they back. Niggas be wearing headbands still. Oh okay. I mean what's, I just seen how the head been on the game. Clay Thompson be wearing headbands. This ain't swaggy though. He wear his shit over his ears. Yeah he semi bro with his shit bro. Yeah me Jackie Moon with his shit. Yeah, facts but he thought I got four rings. I do what I want. Yeah fuck it. I don't even talk shit about Clay. I respect he got a boat now we talk about the ones Well Whistle was that's cool because I fucked with the JR R Smith the Supreme when he looked the supreme sleeve that was Aggie to me.


Then you got fine for that shit and they got the tattoo which is hilarious as hell. Nah for sure I ain't, I don't really be paying attention bro. I ain't gonna lie. That's crazy. Are your kids allowed to wear a swag on court? Dude? Dude make you play well man. If you gonna play good with that, I like that. Okay. But it be trash and you got all that good luck to you. I was gonna say he started killing, he average 20 with the sleeve. He get down to 10 the game gotta take that shit off. Yeah. Yeah. That sleeve fucking your game. Yeah that gonna be disrespectful. I'm a, I'm a firm believer if you having a bad game take them shoes off. Oh yeah, we gonna have to get you. We gotta hooping something different. They ain't got no powers in those damn PJ Tucker halftime switching up.


Oh God. Yeah you ain't got no, that's the reason why Bobby put on them damn kds they still lost by 31st of all. Hey that's crazy. All go do. My young boys like that. He fool my boy switching up at halftime. That's because he Jays on. I'm like damn you put on the kds bro? Yeah. Had no buckets in the first ones. He started scoring a little bit the second one. God damn. That's crazy. Listen man, we got a lot to talk about tonight before we get started B here. Oh yeah. Bar B. Oh what we got today? Nasty fellas. Behave their favorite part of the show.


Say oh four. Oh because you bringing a drink. We got red cups. I like so you up right on. What's this? What we got today? Let's pie baby. Okay let's pie. Let's get to it. Nasty. Yeah. Okay. Okay we got the solo cups. We're taking it back to the essence. Okay the last part Nancy. What's all in here? I told her to bring the solo cups. I said we ain't right. We used to be here, used to have 10 solo cups when we first started. Dang look, look at the money though. We used to have the five cups. We ain't seen the red cups since Y'all too far in the trenches. I be trying to garnish and make your stuff look cute and y'all don't even appreciate it. Yeah. Nah, I'm a church baby. You say that for a different pod? Yeah. Which pod is that?


Take that to the Kkw or something. Patreon only. What's in here though Bart? What we got Strawberry Puree Hennessy. Okay. Oh that's what that is. Long juice and lemonade. Wonder that hen dog punch you in the back of your head. What was that little sidecar feel to it? Yeah it do it. Do it do. Mm That's a good car right there. That's so crazy because when we was all in the road drinking Hennessy, that's all we could drink. Not because we didn't have an option to drink nothing else but once you go to Hennessy you just can't go nowhere else. That's where you at. You gotta stay there the rest of the night. 10 for sure. That's y'all rules like pass that EE over here. He crazy.


It ain't been Rub nigga. He crazy. Split it up. No that's what What's the most like as drink for you? Like when you go somebody pull Up to your bar. What most people get More Sir Lemon Drop. Mike. Mike, you got people, you got Mike Crowd in there. Yeah. So Mike ordered a bunch of Lemon Dry for a bunch of guys. Y'all don't stick to y'all story. Mike you ordered Lemon Drop You, you admitted to it. He said that's all they had. What Did you say? What I said was gimme the same thing as last time. Mm. Nigga they don't know you. You not a regular motherfucker. I Las Vegas was my first time in the club.


Nigga was like yeah I think he ordered drop party. Nigga said he looked like he ordered drop. Look at his outfit. That's a lemon drop. Bobby Pants. Yeah. Little Little Lemon. They was like lemon drop. Lemon drop. That's crazy. Mike fucked up fucking dance with the Stars outfit. I did wanna, he did not In the, because I didn't have black pants. Lulu Lemons like Yeah he had on Lulu Lemons two O'clock in the morning.


The only and you were stretching the whole time. Oh wow. They couldn't get in the without me So I had to What is that? What? Respect, respect. Respect. Freaky mike. Damn. Somebody said where the merch at? This dude Rob said I'm tired of y'all not having a freaky Mike merch. I'm like bro you, you worth that for bro. Well see. Name is Mike. June is approaching us. February closer. Me the real black history. Speaking of Lululemon, I'm only wearing black from here on out And I go, I told you I'm in the comments bad.


I'm not used to being in front of thousand pieces So I'm not even you in front of a lot of thousands. So yeah, a Lot of thousands of people. I'm in the, I'm in comments. That motherfucker saying it's been up like she been in a ha I'm sorry. I'm sorry we talked about hell dead motherfucker. Motherfucker said motherfucker calls you the real hurricane. You heard me Mike Kid call me Slur. Since we here though, I want to ask you though, like what's you remember like your first worst date.


What's the worst date you'd done been on? Oh, oh she Worst. Well worst day. It don't gotta be the first. I'm sure you've been been on a couple but just your worst one. Okay. This creepy older guy. He was just such a fucking, just a creep ev. The date was cool though. Just went to eat, you know, boom. Left. The next day he had made a song about me and it was on Instagram. I'm like, oh my God Called was hit to this song. But I was just like, oh no, he saying my name in his song. Oh he gonna see this. This is so Embarrassing. He's here the hall. Oh they gonna find a song. Yeah, it was ter. I hope. I hope they found a song. Luis. How old was this gentleman?


He was In his forties. And when I say like for the course, he was like singing my name. I'm Like dang boy you left a lasting impression on that man. Never went back. That was a hell of a day. I said where did y'all go to eat? Yeah, Chipotle, Ruth, Chris. We oh he made a song off Chipotle. That's Wick Robbie Price sl them heels off and put that foot under that tape. He wanted to set my clothes. Oh alright. Story time with later man what the hell? Okay. Until next time we, we gonna start the confessionals next time. Nah, I appreciate you though that Thank you. We need to solve no songs. No don't you worry.


Cue the music all. Oh man. Damn. The gray pants they looked there. They your as up. Sorry. One and done on the body suit. Shout to y'all. Alright man, let's talk about the obvious man. Yesterday was hell. Day Club five 20. Nice little Instagram live lethal shooter. Man. Please tell the people how that came about. Behead. This is a great origin story for sure. Oh well he just dmd me asked for the number. Mike set it up. We opted on the live. He's little hurt at first. You know what I'm saying? He wanted to talk to bro. We got on the phone, they got a little wicked at first but you know we, we figured it out.


We gonna pull up and do some content. You know what I mean? That's all love. That's really it. Wait, he do content? Yeah. Oh I didn't, I didn't know he did content. He is a dick. Sounds him. December 15th. He's doing an influencer cup. They're doing content. Said influencers her ka. I ain't trying to talk about that nigga. I'm not. It's just funny that niggas, I'm not a content creator, nigga. You shoot basketball through Flaming Rim. We're player and the NBA has ever shot through an obstacle course Like that doesn't make any sense to me. It's all good though. I know it's all good. It's all good. But that shit was funny man. I was laughing. I was so proud of your restraint because I looked at his face and every, he was clipping the, I said, hey, you better be happy to nah on, on my fucking kids.


On some real shit. That was all Mike. Shout the freaky mike man. I promise you because it was finna go up and nah, I'm glad how it well, but Mike is the star of that, of that for sure. Gotcha. Yeah y'all me while I was lifting, I was like, man what did he call for? Mike said you have to get on here. Yeah, he's, wait what? I forgot what he said. He is talking shit. Yeah, I was talking shit. Give phone. I could wait. I, oh, this about to be a moment. I was dying because I didn't get on the video but I was in the comments. I was like, this nigga jumped into the car for 30 minutes. He been ready to turn this off a long time. Man, I was driving, I had to end my lift a little early. I was driving to the crib.


I was like damn. But it was cool man. Hopefully we get out to LA some time. Do some content with bro for sure. We all got it. Watch out. I think he was a little uptight at first and we had to tell him, man, just chill a little bit. Yoga. Yeah, yoga bro. We just be having fun. It's all love though. Yeah, you can't little boy us ever. But yeah, never. Ah nah, nah, we figured, we figured it out and we worked it out with Lethal Shout out to him. Yeah. Fuck. That's crazy man. Can't wait for the concert. It was all love anyway. And we, I, I unblocked him. We unblocked each other or whatever happened. We followed each other now. Hey, we followed me too afterwards. We friends, I was dying because he was just like, yeah I don, I don't know if I unblock you or not. Said you ain't block you. I am blocked. I lucky people followed the pay and there we go.


Yeah, I unblocked you. I they, I, when I went to go look up my block list, you all should see how many people I got blocked. I said why is TI Tia Maori blocked? I don dunno Damn from, from yeah I've had them blocked. She next to lot too. Yeah, she's blocked. I don't know why I blocked her. That's crazy. The new segment of this show is just T blocked. Oh my gosh. So many people just blocked randomly. I'm like why is she blocked? I don't even know. But that was pretty That's hilarious. He's blocked too. I'm sure he know. He know he's blocked. Probably. I had, bro, this one's so funny. I, I don't know why but I had every NBA like page block. Damn bro.


Like every Timberwolves page, Boston page I had every page block. I was like damn, I hated basketball at some point. Yeah. So I hated everything about basketball. I had a page called Jeff T Burst the haters block. I said damn. They were showing me love. I blocked that motherfucker. You block your fan page. Damn. My fault. That's crazy. Motherfucker still gotta guide me through Instagram. It's too much shit going on. I just be killing. I just leave What it is. I blocked somebody today talking about, they said something like y'all need to, y'all need to get on somebody ass or something. Like talking shit like I think they probably was talking about Lethal. Oh. But I just blocked him. I was like get on they ass.


That sound crazy. Blocked get 'em gone. Yeah, like you, you blocked. You said the wrong word. Get on his ass. What? I ain't gonna hold you to like the comments is always funny. But today they said damn today my nigga T went from to a T to T Omalu. They trying to hit you. Recruit me and said y'all, why y'all post that shit? Man, that was Luis. Luis picked that up. I got something for you Luis. That Brad Bill. Shit was wild though this morning bro. For real. On my momma Brad exaggerates everybody that come and said Brad sold. Yeah, he sold that bro. Did he sell here bro? Didn't bro, you hit his head then bro. Y'all ain't see the real fouls bro. That was light, light compilation.


That's crazy. That's a light compilation bro. The real fouls is we need the N one mixed tape. Yeah. Real outside. I ain't gonna lie. Is other one the pro tape them was light. Them light bars. I was like woo. That's the ones y'all showed. Wow. I'm cool. I thought y'all was about to go into archives. Boy, I got some. Mm Oh don't worry. They gonna find it after this episode for sure. They will. You gotta do some Type it in.


Getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns. They're on sale at Draftking Sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect? The number one place to bet touchdowns, grab some tds of Draftking Sports book. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the Draftking Sports book app and use Code Club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Listen man, I know I'm a diehard Patriot fan and sometimes it's better to be in a building. The atmosphere, the environment. Seeing people you grew up with supporting your local team. Some of the celebs make the environment a super dope feeling. Man listen, I downloaded the Game Top app, create an account and used my Pomo code for myself. Club five 20, it got $20 off my first purchase terms again, apply again. Create an account and redeem the Code Club five 20 for $20 off your first experience. Download game time today. Last minute tickets lowest price guaranteed.


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check.


Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party.


Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place.


Sign up for Greenlight today@greenlight.com slash Iheart. You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart ti trillo efgartigimod Alpha and Hyaluronidase Q vfc works by visiting vyvgart.com/mo a. That's V-Y-V-G-A-R t.com/moa. Brought to you by Argen X Blinds dot com's Cyber Monday Last chance is happening right now. Don't miss out on Up to 45% off site-wide and a free professional measure.


Avoid the home renovation overwhelm. Swapping out old blinds for custom window coverings delivers big results and blinds.com makes it easy and affordable. Skip the long lines or waiting around at home all day just to get a quote with blinds.com. Shopping online doesn't mean sacrificing quality style or service. A blinds.com design expert can help you make the perfect selection. We can even handle everything from measure to install. Get your whole home installed for one low cost With over 25 million windows covered blinds.com is the number one online retailer of custom window coverings. Don't miss blinds.com Cyber Monday. Last chance happening right now. Save Up to 45% sitewide Plus get a free professional measure Up to 45% off sitewide and a free professional measure@blind.com.


Rules and restrictions may apply. Man, I wanted to ask you, you know with the NBA cup going on to teams who advance the semifinals? I think everybody on the roster got like 50 bands. I forgot what the coaches got. Mm. As far as like playoff bonuses and stuff like that. I mean not to get in your business too much. Did you ever get like a crazy playoff bonus or a crazy like unexpected check? You was just like fuck it this up in the air. Yeah, when I played, when we got the Hawks, when we made to the Eastern conference finals, our playoff check was like one 70 or something like that. Hmm. Yeah we was first in the east made to the east common finals. It was like one 70 or something like that.


Damn. Brian been getting niggas paid for years. Yeah. Damn. All the times he done been bro. I ain't never thought about that nigga struck a million playing with bro. Probably. Yeah Nigga, end of the bitch get that, that finals bonus you going to the finals Fucking bro. One 70 is hefty bro. Yeah. And he said that's easy Cop Finals win if you win a chip you damn near take home almost 300. I think Rondo told me he took home 300, bought a Bentley I think one year He told me he bought a Ben. Oh damn bro. 300 uncounted for Yeah I I was like one something. Yeah. To Tim Duncan too. Dig you all. Yeah I had bought a bro. I bought a what? I bought you bought bought a crib. I bought a rental property actually.


Yeah. That's smart shit. Yeah no that's fire. That's crazy. Yeah, that they was laughing because they was talking to Josh Hart about it. He was like yeah fuck them young nigga. Somebody gonna get a watch with this money. I don't care about they finances. It's up on God though. Extra 50 K. Yes. Yeah bro. If you win it out, what you get? I gotta look and see. Oh. Half a ticket for every player and they can't man. What? I'll be out there playing hard as hell. Damn. A runner ups getting money. Air quarter fire, everybody got 50. You on my mama, I have a fantasy league. Right. I a silly little old school I would've bought.


What's crazy about that is, especially with this, we was talking about the magic, eliminating the Celtic out of the the situation dog. These teams who won't never get no bonus checks or don't be in the playoffs, they got a chance to go crazy right now to get paid. All them Hawks Niggas is hyped. Them last niggas on the bench. Yeah, that's what I'm saying bro. The 12th man and two white, some of the two white players is up. Yeah. Filthy. Oh you get a hundred for a semifinal two. Oh nigga it's up. Whoa. Yeah that's, that's a, that's a nice ass. Yeah it's hard. It's a nice check boy. Hell yeah. Mm damn. That's why my patience was killing like that. God damn. I need to rethink my shit. I gotta get back out there bro. I just need that. Just the six 50 and y'all can cut me.


You just not be on the team for the six 50 after taxes. I probably take home for something, you know what I mean? I get some Icy Hot and some motherfucker pressure. I don play. I just wanna be on end. I'm gonna buy a couple more properties. Probably buy a new, a little toy, a little car or something. Little ya mean? Yeah. You know what I mean. Little Mustang nothing, nothing too pressure. Sure man with that money you can afford tickets to Kendrick Lamar tour 'cause that that shit is crazy. He announced he going on tour with it is already in a resale bro. It's they, they taxing for 500 of those. We in certain places right now. Woo. And he doing all stadiums so 500 for the noses. Yeah bro. But the stadium is crazy. Him and Scissor is crazy. That's a hell of a tour I tested.


She said I touched that five for you. That be long. Y'all seen Scissor before she had surgery? Yeah she was ugly as hell. Yeah, she you get something, something of them places. Depends what city you at. Probably Pittsburgh nigga. Yeah. And respect. They probably got nothing nigga going on go to Chicago, Atlanta five in no gl but they had the Mercedes-Benz. Interesting. She sold. That's not bad there. I ain't gonna lie surgery. But that ticket master shake I've already looked through for a lot of places too. Sizzle. Oh she got it Sizzle she fired before that. She was, it was, she was different shot. It's a lot of, it's a lot of people that been in the Amazon Chamber.


Who, who The coldest outta the Amazon Chamber. Who was Tiger playing with when you weren't post to? Oh Kylie. Yeah, she, she's the best outta the Amazon chamber. Oh. If you see that before and after code is rebrand for sure. I get For sure. For sure, for sure. Her shit is, her rebrand was silly. Ain't no disrespect. I don't know what, no disrespect to white women but I I I I'm not tapped in like that. I never even pluck. I had, I had, matter of fact Omar, you know what's funny but a, a white fan? Mm. She was actually your fan. She told me to tell you. Damn. That's how they feel. She said you, you was her favorite person. Oh no. No. And it's no dis I just meant like so far asleep with y'all.


I got a dark history with white women so far as on the, on that side. Like my family, I don't wanna speak too much on it but a little How, how you want that shot? How I grew up. I didn't, I didn't see white women in the like I saw the trailer park like type, you know what I'm saying? So it was different for me. It ain't no slight. I just, I'm just always choosing the Black Queen though. Yeah Y Marsai. Yeah. You know what I'm, she used to work. She used to work for the Hawks. What's up? I damn she a fan. Damn. Telling I said what's up, what's your name? Tell her I said what's up. She was your, you was her favorite person. Nah. Yeah it's, it's still know I love, you know what I mean? But I don't wanna say her name because I don know if shes supposed to be, I don't know if she can tell somebody fake.


Yeah. I don't know if she supposed to be talking about Nah you, I don't want no smoke. We she supposed to be there when we hawks. We would love to come and do the show for you guys and I would love to meet you so we can real talk tiny all you guys we would love to do it be a great time wherever, wherever you are. You know what I mean? Nobody be there. I I don't know if I'm allowed say her name but I'll you don't have to bro. No matter if you a booger or not, I don't got nothing to do with that. I just wanna beat you and show you you know I mean some love it ain't nothing like that. I'm not racist. I just, when it come to if I was there she was like he was my favorite. He doesn't like white girls. I said oh yeah he leave what? See this is the thing response. This tells you what type of friends you have.


What the fuck did you say? I said he nah, he loved everybody. He loved who you love on top You gotta watch this nigga. He throw me the he don't fuck with no white. Ain't that kind can't I can't even say that. I can't even say that. I can't even, this nigga is so fucking messy so I ain't no telling what the fuck he done told this lady you up. Yeah like I don dunno why people care what people's preference, who they date is like it don't have nothing to do with me. Like fuck with you on a friend level or just, you know. Yeah. She was just like man he my favorite. He was so funny. Just that's like white her. But I think she was saying it like she was saying it definitely in a joking manner though so Yeah but you know it was a business call so I was just like well I don't want, that was kind of like I wasn't trying to laugh.


Yeah I don fuck no business. So there's no SMUD against white people at all? I'm just talking about specifically dating on how I grew up and how I seen it. It wasn't, nah she was different. She was laughing about it though. It was different but I was like nah he he's he cool people. Nah hell yeah. I got white cousins shit like it, it is love but I'm just nothing. I got white cousins shout to white cousins. Yeah for sure. That's cool. That's crazy. Hey man Stephen Knight reported to be getting near a new bag about one 20. I didn't haven't showed the amount of the years in the contract. People are hating and said damn Stephen they get NBA money in him. We niggas pockets today anyway. Yeah they 10. I said bro Stephen Knight keep the lights on ESPN he deserve more. Yeah he getting 12 a year right now running it up.


Yeah. I don't know shit about media like that but I feel like as much as he's on tv, he deserves something bro. He's on TV and he's about to start doing more NFL bro. He does everything. I ain't tripping bro. Get your money man. I ain't never been a dude that hate on somebody getting money. Yeah. I just never knew why niggas care why that shit matter. For real. Yeah And especially like when you see I don't know like comparing it weird and you not paying them. Why do y'all be caring like you not paying Steven money? Ain don't come by nobody pocket bro. None of you niggas is paying Steven a why do y'all ever care? I never care what a person got. Even like when the NBA wins somebody got 150 million like I used to be like good for him. Like y'all not paying him. We we for sure it is just the only thing that I would say that I might have said too is like if somebody who's really a killer don't get paid as much, I'm glad you got your money but I feel like that person deserve just as much if not more.


'cause he is producing more than you. Especially when you see people like I remember Gilbert Arenas and Lou, Lou will had that breakdown about his stats and like when you compare it to perb minutes and what he would be getting as a starter. But his role is just like you've been criminally robbed because you produce at this same person's level and take away they bad but you deserve the same amount for doing the same amount of work. Yeah Lou, that's a different type of comparison. Whatever Lou may his life he deserved way more. For sure. No that's what I'm saying. Yeah that ain't like that. That's a fact. That's what shit that we don't but I, I get, I be guarantee if you talk to Lu that nigga be like nah I wouldn't guarantee none of this shit. That's how I feel like. Like we all grew up, all of us grew up the same way, same area, everything like shit.


Yeah money. You get some money then. I ain't on nobody bro. Shit. Blessing for sure. So, oh yeah maybe Lou look at it like that but I mean he maybe cared. I think he Luda lived a hell of a documented life. Yeah bro. He for 30 needs to be made bro. Yeah but he deserved, he deserved 10 times more than whatever he had made in his NBA career and I don't know what it was and I don't even care. But he has lived a yeah great life. Yeah nah it wasn't, no he Lou Lou has backed out. Yeah whatever that is off the court. Sure. His nigga man money that and did not live a life he lived bro. And the thing about Lou is like playing on his scene, he was the first one was like when we would get play like when you gotta playoff check, he, I remember he was like man I'm just gonna buy a bond with that.


And I was like you gonna buy a bond And at this time I was a young, you know I had guys doing investments for me but I wasn't even tapped in really like paying attention to like what my stuff was invested in. Like you know people would be like, oh yo you done built some streets, we gonna put it in this bond for Atlanta. You gonna help build build the roads. I'm like oh yeah you'll get it back in five years. I'm like oh whatever. Like I wouldn't even like tapped in. I was young, I was like 25, I didn't care. But to hear him say that like man we about to get 50 k, I'm just buy a bond, da da da. I was like fuck is he talking about I already season. Yeah. And I was like, and then when I got older I'm like damn that nigga lose. We was getting $50 checks.


He was putting them in bonds and he was doing this like this is way past five years. So he ain't nigga come on whatever money we, he didn't get he he cool. Yeah Tippo we ain't gonna get in his pocket wound with no investigations but nah. But shout out to Stephen a man you deserve that bag. Listen you, you've kept the lights on that building for a very long time. You made one of the best talk shows of all time bro. He deserve every penny of that for sure. Did y'all see Gilbert's son? I about to say graduate move up in the class. Yeah reclassified up. Well we waiting on Yeah. Oh we waiting on and he spoke about it too, which is far he was and I think the best part about this is that he has a platform to where obviously he can guide his son the best direction 'cause he been through all that. But him talking step by step through it being like vulnerable with us.


Even though he don't have to tell us nothing about his personal life, it is fire. He was just like someone went to a school, closed down, had to reclassify to catch up with some stuff. He's like now all right now we're in a position to where we moving forward and now he can be the player he gets to be because he don't need NIL money. He ain't worried about vultures, he gets get to focus on basketball. That shit fired me. Yeah. I mean but why not Reclass him? He just wast his time anyway. Yeah you if you watch him you can tell like he's not supposed to be playing high school basketball. Yeah he different. That nigga made Nas Reed quit in the open run session. Said he was busting Nas Reed ass and Nas Reed nigga stormed out the jail type of shit.


I, I don know how much I believe that. Yeah that's why I said Gill we need the real facts behind that. Yeah we ain't doing Nas like that. I I, I fuck with Gill but he that was some but na shit is on Nas Reed will kill his son so he just for sure he just way too small so like yeah we not gonna do that. But he said he happened like but I mean I believe his son is really, really best basketball for sure. But Nare Yeah Nare did. It might be slight work but I think the project I seen have you seen him do the podcast? He did a podcast recently. He kind of talk about his stuff. He been going on with him. He like one day I got to school and before I got in his, I got called back to the car to go hoop with KD type shit. And then he kind of talked about the him and Benedict Mather in the summer situation. He was just like that's the first time like I had ever been in a situation where like I had to like respond to adversity type shit.


Like he was like he wasn't talking shit to me like to Lil Boy. He was just kind of like testing me, like proving me. Yeah. And I was like that's fire to you had him type of testimonies but like prove NBA players he gonna be a dog. That's why I saw, that's why maybe like Benedict even more though. Yeah because he was really like teaching him the game while playing the game. Like how a nigga come on let's go like whole ass nigga shit like fuck him. It's always fuck him. Yeah. Yeah he got the right pops too for that. Yeah but it's fuck him like that's what, that's the reason I like Gil and how he trained his son out. He can gear his son up is 'cause it's like nah don't take it easy on him. Fuck him like yeah if he out on the court kill him he gotta learn how to deal with these monsters. Yeah. Or he in the shark tank.


He gotta learn how to survive in this tank. Yeah. And a lot of people can't handle that. Even like when a coach get on you or whatever, a lot of kids can't handle that kind of like shark mentality. True. They like fade away from it or they can't listen and he embrace it like like he said with Benedict Benedict Math doing that to him he embraced that like nah that was my first time having a little adversity he was going at me but he wasn't like I ain't like it. It is like I'll rose to that challenge. You know what I mean? And that's the difference. That's why he need to reclass for sure like what we waiting on bro. Yeah go be where you supposed to be. Yeah. Ah for sure. And not to do much on it but like especially with you coaching and you being around it at a high school level, we see so many kids now get a little bit of adversary and they gone, they can't start immediately.


They switch schools and then Yeah it's like eventually they gonna find out about you. Yeah you can hide for so long but eventually they gonna find out about you. You can't run like you can go hide behind prep school five stars or whatever. Eventually the cream gonna rise to the top And if you ain't part of that it is going to fade away. You gonna have to perform at one point. That's what I always tell kids too that I know man fuck that little nigga that's ranked in the third grade bro. That nigga ain't gonna be worth a quarter mass. Majority of 'em don't be worth a quarter nigga by the time they hit that freshman year of high school. Shit get a wicked. It's a few that nigga get through the cracks but it's always better to start off Saturday and graduate your game instead start off.


But even when you get ranked or you high, you gotta perform at one point you're gonna have to perform like. Yep. One thing I also respect about Gilson, he go to a high school where it ain't a hundred top five players and it's just him and a couple of guys. Some local guys that he grew up with. Yeah right. He has to perform all the time. He gotta be great all the time. Yeah he gotta perform. When you go to a prep school a five star with all these dudes you get to hide. Hmm. And one thing about college, you never get to hide. Yeah. Like if you can't hoop in college it shows bro like niggas that went to, no offense, I play with dudes that went to Mount Verb, I played with dudes that and then when they got to college they still was good players but they went to Mount Verb, they never had to like kill somebody.


They had other good players around them or I played on teams with dudes went to Oak Hill and they played with five stars, six or seven guys, whatever. And they never had to be the guy guy. They was always part of a team. Right. And not to say they wasn't good players, they were still good players but they never had to get 28, 35. You know what I mean? They never had to have a moment to go crazy. They always just had to get they 15, 16. Yeah And they became role players vice versa. I go to Pike, I played with a bunch of good players my first three years. My last year it was just me and my guys. Yeah. To win you gotta, you go get 30, go get 30. Yeah go get 35.


But it built me to be like damn I know what it's like to get double team. And then I looked at college, I look at Steph Curry, I look at Dame Lillard, they go to small schools where they had to produce to get 30, 40 points. Shit they get in the league. Shit I nigga y'all gonna play me one-on-one. I've getting double triple team my whole career shit a little bit lighter. Come on bro. Hell yeah. It is a method. They mad. That's why I like how Gill training some. For sure, for sure man. That's dope. Especially you said like those Damon Lils and CJ McCollins, they got those soft schools bro where they, it was all on them. Yeah. So when they had a moments it's intensified 'cause like damn you killing by yourself type shit. Facts when it get to the league nigga now I got good players and I, I know how to score.


I've been getting triple team my whole college career now I get to go 1 0 1 against a nigga with other good players around me. Yeah. Oh you gotta be a dog though. Gotta be a breed. Yeah you gotta be a dog. Gotta be a dog. For sure. For sure. Speaking of dogs man, I think it's dope to see Ja Rent talking a little bit more about some positive stuff. Not that he was talking about negative stuff but to hit see him in a good light in a mature space first him talking about D Rose and influence he had on him being in Memphis was just like, you know he helped me mature as a man and then he's talking about on the court stuff he was just like hey I know y'all see it but I ain't trying to dunk no more. It is crazy to see Ja at that age. I mean he's still young as hell but he like, nah I'm, I'm tired of getting hurt bro. I'm tired of getting knocked out the air. I'm out for two weeks instead of a regular game maybe for a fall.


It's Up to see his evolution of his game. Man he's still dunking on niggas but you can tell he's doing a little bit more to stay safe and not injured. I mean be him always say play below the rim dog. You play longer. Straight up Mike Conley never dunked. I ain't no pro history shows nigga math is ing. Mike Conley never dunked bro. Damn. Mike Ain got no booms. If he got, he got like one follow, it's a drop in Memphis though. It's in Memphis and it's a, it's a drop in. That's why I always speak high on Mike Conley bro. Because Legend, he figured it out like and bro had a great career. We ain't but this nigga, if he saw you under that rim and he felt like he could try you, this nigga right here is trying your ass.


That's the fuck Mike Conley is gonna hit you with the craziest Tony Parker floater and go back down and play defense. He don't give a fuck about no top tier sports center. Highlight nigga. Yeah. Even on fast breaks like my thing was to always try to impress the crowd. Like I get a fast break, I want to dunk so the fans will like me. Yeah. Mike Conley slapped the glass, played defense fans still liked him. You know what was so crazy loved him. We, we in a lot of niggas pockets, when Mike signed that a hundred million dollar contract, he signed the biggest contract. Ain been his all right. His Twitter went up at that time like who the fuck is this making this kind of money? Like niggas not even understanding nigga he earned every dollar of that nigga.


Facts the longevity. I'm durable nigga. Like I, I wish I would've, I wish I would've the drop in is it with Memphis? Right. I told you I already know I'm already temp here. I wish I like and the but the crazy fucked up thing about Mike, Mike got bounced. Hell yeah the lage like Mike can't jump high as fuck. That's what's crazy. Don't get it fucked up like a nigga really attract star. Like he fast as hell really got bounced but he figured it out like I play below the room, let me stay down on here. You gonna twist less ankles. Yeah you going to jump, you gonna have less jumps and you gonna play longer. Yeah. And I was the complete opposite.


I jumped everything. I rolled hella ankles. Yeah I had crazy tendonitis. Did I ain't had no league. No I had, I was bone on bone after so many jumps. You as stuck in the seventh, eighth grade thinking uq. Yeah Trying to turn the foot the holes doing doing wind, doing whip mill gym class. Yeah. Not knowing nigga not knowing a C man doing. Mills a CI used to say the same thing about George i's like damn bro, this nigga really hooped the same way as he, he ain't scoring 40 a night Of course in the NBA but I'm like they under the rim shit is underrated bro. Bro play longer. Yeah bro. Niggas getting them 10 plus years off the strength bro.


Yeah. Play longer and it's smart for somebody like Ja obviously we know he ain't the biggest physical specimen so yeah you gonna stick around bro. You gotta be healthy. He probably gotta get his body right though. Probably gotta do something. He gotta get a little, I mean I don't know how strong he is but obviously his game is quickness obviously gonna to develop his shot even more. I mean he is a capable shooter or whatever but now he's gonna have to develop it even more but he, he already got the fans. That's a lot And we know his aura with that team, that organization what he does and he plays well. The dunks made people pay attention to him as a player. He was always a pass first point guard that can make highlight plays and that can score or whatever.


But shit laying the ball in, he still gonna be effective for sure. If the dunks was just like electrifying. Especially once to buy, you wanted to buy the shoes 'cause of the dunks. Yeah, that's a momentum shifter too for your Yeah like man and the thing about Ja is he still gonna catch Lo. Yeah he's still gonna get fast break dunks. It's just those crazy attempts that he was going for like going through the lane trying to dunk on a seven foot two. Dude, dude take a charge. He ain't nowhere close to it. He still try to throw it in fall. Right on his hand sprain his wrist. Yeah that's why Ray Allen was my favorite player though because to see him with them Milwaukee bucks like that, he got gang Ray Allen. Then to see him play with the motherfucking like youngsters don't even know about Milwaukee bucks Ray Allen.


But see him play Miami Heat. You would think he was just a Clay Thompson type of nigga. Know what I'm saying? Shit. And when we talk about the stats in the morning show, but I was just like we said, the transition from him going to a pure shooter to the end of his career to had him attempts. I'm like, if he was like that his whole career, bro Heat. I don't, I mean Steph would've caught him eventually, but damn it would've been real close for a while. Oh yeah bro. Nigga just like, it's hard to make that transition like love, I love Stat Jack, but when we look at Ray I stats, it's like no, I told St. He tripping bro. Say that. He say you wild, wild. He admit he was wild too. He said he was wild. He said he was wild. He said he was wild. Ray Allen was that nigga bro. Bro. Yes bro. He was a quiet killer.


For real bro. He was really a killer. He just didn't talk that much bro. But you know who else was a killer? Who? Orlando Brown. My nigga is back in the news. He's a killer my nigga. I gotta, we gotta have a heart to heart 'cause out Listen, you got to quit telling these niggas you did what you did to them bro. Nick Ken is on your ass. Oh, Nick Kenon pissed. Yeah. Hey Nick, Ken. What? Shit, Kevin Hart niggas. Hey listen, Kevin Hart pissed Bow wow. Pissed. He got up in that chair How he was hitting Bow? Because listen, you ain't answer my call. I called. I called you two days ago because that's so disrespectful bro.


No, no, no. I called him two days ago. He ain't answer. We gotta talk about it. Shit. You said Haw got some good pussy. That nigga crazy. We got you can't chill bro. We got chill then he get on a live to using that F-bomb. I said boy he gonna get canceled one way or another ain't he? Because we gotta chill. Can I get some more too? Yeah, yeah. Right on game. Thank you. DJJ drinking today. Okay. That's what I'm sorry I got, I got the cup that don't spill today. We in the game. Mines ist. Right, right. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Respect. I gotta say. Yeah. Y'all want Y cups get Nah. Hey chill out Barbie. I heard. What the fuck you said? Bar? Bar. We really part of the show. Go get your part. Your as outta here. No Orlando Brown tweaking bro. Saying you cracked your mom and your dad.


Wild. See I had to call about that 'cause I was like hold on. My auntie ain't get cracked nigga You ain't, don't do that. I don my mama. I was like I aint got mad about that one. On my mama you crack. Yeah my mama. You ain't do that. 'cause I know her. I know her. It's funny, I had, I had called my mama about that 'cause she was telling me like, you see what that boy be saying? He maxed out man. Yeah. Joking. He just joking. Him and Charles White man had to hell of a 2024. Hell, a 2024 he might have had a better award. Our end of the year awards is gonna be great this year. I can't wait to do that. I can't wait either. Some of me deserve be, I can't wait to see. Dr. Omar had a good year too. Oh for sure. Dr. Omar. I mean he didn't get the pot of the year because of the Ka Williams. But that Joe button, Dr.


Omar, that was, that was a, a close, it was third on my pot of the year. What's, what's above that for you? One was Kat Williams, obviously two was us with Dros. Ah. Talk about we had Dros in here cussing. Y'all come on bro. Why nigga don't say nothing. We had him here going crack the internet. It is still surprised. We got Jason 10 to say nigga, on this platform. That's, that's, that's a we won. That's 12. That's 12 of a year. Probably number 12. That's 12. But nah, D Rose was, yeah that Dro. Yeah we got my nigga we changed the game with D Rose on here. Yeah, we had cussing, we had lose. He was, he was comfortable. Yeah, he was comfortable. I don't see him going on nobody else. Shit. Shout out to all the pos of the world. But I don't see him going on y'all shit in Really?


Hey back chopping shit up like this. That was, that's my mess. We, it was a good one but Madison, Texas us back. It's almost January. Yeah I saw, that's why I said it's so January. This nigga fucked up. They stopped. We fucking for y'all. He fucked up the rest of our five. Yeah we had a great, great finisher pie for y'all but Bites. You know they couldn't, oh we was gonna talk about Miami. Get the Miami Heat series. Mm. Yeah it was the Boston series. We had a bunch of Miami part two on the way. We need that soon. Come soon Come for sure. Respect. Respect. They, they went through and heard about us, you know what I'm saying? Talking about the Good Times cast and told us to run through other couple sitcom rosters. Lemme see how y'all feel about 'em. Fresh Prince who the, how ugly they were.


They just as that how as they the they represent as as far as all why we ain't gonna say for dudes. Obviously everybody I was talking about, I'm always bringing up the, I ain't bringing up the holes but we gotta talk about Hillary. Hillary was tough Gun smoke and, and a lot niggas love Ashley growing up. For sure. Ashley Tough. Niggas fucked with Ashley Banks growing up. Yeah. Ashley Banks's Tough Wheels Cameo. Mamas though. Light-skinned. Light-skinned V Wife? Yeah. Dark-skinned V. Nope, I ain't saying nothing. She pretty too. Nope, she pretty too. Nope, but she wasn't my type. I don't have no type. She was do I do that? My type. Hey the fact is that was like what season She was gone next.


You pro is pretty at if early. Early on Dark skinned Avia wasn't, she was bad. She was cool. She was when she got pregnant with the baby. Yeah. Was was, yeah it was time for You said Claire Huxtable? Yeah. I'm taking Claire Hux police. Rasha was the goat off easy? Her and her sister. I took both of them over. Yeah, the lineages was very strong for sure. No, I had a straw. You had a straw. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Don't do me like that. Don't wanna be nasty. There you go. I don dunno what that is. Respect. My God. Let's keep it going. I'm trying y'all, you two, y'all understand first, first lethal shooter now motherfuckers keep playing with me.


He tried. You got a stronger soldier today. Oh man, I'm tell you, I'm growing. I love that. Good job Barbie man. Growing up man. Oh Martin. Oh they had honestly, yeah, had a decent cap. You know we all got, you know, different taste and shit. But I'm taking Pam over Regina every time. Oh, me too. Every fucking time. Pam was, I'm taking PAMs every time. That ain't even close. Yeah, that's, oh okay. Gino. I just, I don know how niggas felt. Lee Lady, she's the weakest to me on a sitcom. Oh I'm rolling. Mm, she's, she's definitely one of the, she is so mid, hella mid the lead lady on a sitcom. You can name my wife and kids. She was mid, you could name any lead lady.


She's mid my wife and kids a underwriter. Black sitcom too. I love that show. Lee Lay. I'm talking about as far as looks. She's, I'm asleep because what's the old boy? He was good time. He celebrated February too a lot. Oh you talking about Carl Winslow used to do cartwheels. You talking about Harriet? Yeah. Oh he ain't to Lee lady. She hate the lead. Laura's the lead lady. His boyfriend wasn't on the show. Laura's the lead lady bro. It was about it. It eventually came about Lil White and her. But the leader of the house is the woman of the house. No, no. The show eventually became about Laura and the woman of the house eventually came about. Laura used to always be like, yeah because that nigga, that nigga Carl, when they started saying that about Carl, I said I always knew it because you wouldn't never hold your bitch.


How you supposed to hold your bitch bro? Tell us about here. Yeah, I don give a fuck. Fuck. He needs to be like soft ass stick ass stick man bitch up nigga. Nigga we knew. Oh boy. Uncle Phil was a queer but Uncle Phil, how he used to love on his wife bro. Sold. That's a part sold. That's a part of the letters bro. Stop. He used to sell it real well though. He he was. He was getting rid. He was. He was. Yeah. He was really romantic with his woman. You know, all niggas ain't romantic. You know he so well for sure. Yeah, but I'm like damn man, I felt like on Family Matter she never really got love on the show. You always seen Kel and Gut.


You think she was really weak? Harriet? Oh. Oh hear oh was har y'all so on Women Man, Harry look like my my auntie for not to be dating him though. It wasn't that. It was like they matched bro. We should know. I mean that's Spirit as a couple. It should been, we knew something though. Mon always it good Times's wife, she was pool. Oh yeah. Woo it. Yeah she was. She's the weakest. Alright, that's what I'm saying. Y'all, y'all just not thinking. No, but what I'm saying the became about Urkel. Yeah. And Laura what every other show as the lead lady, Laura is fired all What about parenthood? Where, oh she was nice. She had them weak dreads but she was better than Alright.


She was solid. Girl was Ring. She like Gu Gullah Island. But she wasn't Gua Gullah Island. Who was the weakest one on living single? Oh, come on Max. Come on. Let's not play with Max or Queen is crazy. That's another, that's take Lafa every time. Queen Max, queen, Latifah, max. I don Queen Latifah bro. Every single time. I ain't gonna lie. Bye bye. I ain't gonna lie. I'm cracking Queen Latifah everything. I'm for real bro. Max, I'm not the light skin today. Oglevy. I'm s asleep bro. Are you drunk? Sinclair? Sinclair? I'm s asleep bro. Sinclair killing Max, bro. Sinclair killing Max.


Oh, alleged respect Phil. He did. He can't speak for himself first thing. His first expressing peace. Uncle Phil. Yeah. Can't for you said Sinclair was me. Yeah. Quincy Jones talking about Uncle Phil. So hey Quincy Jones gave one of the best interviews before he left. So everybody that was gay, everything. Yes. And he snitched on everybody for no reason. Nah, but who y'all taking Sinclair over Max? For sure. As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones.


Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth.


And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked?


The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart, Trillo, efgartigimod Alpha and Hyaluronidase QVFC works by visiting vyvgart.com/moa. That's V-Y-V-G-A-R t.com/moa. Brought to you by Argen X Shop Dell Technologies Black Friday event for their lowest prices of the year. The future is on sale today with limited time deals on select PCs like the XPS 16 that accelerate AI with Intel core ultra processors. Black Friday is their biggest sale of the year and the best time to upgrade.


But it's only here for a limited time. Shop now at Dell dot com slash deals. That's Dell dot com slash deals. This is Jenny Garth from 9 0 2 1 OMG. As a Delta skymile member, you already know how to travel the world in style. Now with skymile experiences, you can take your journey to new heights through exclusive access to a curated selection of one of a kind events. Whether it's backstage passes to your favorite concert, courtside seats at a major sporting event or access to luxurious wellness retreats, you can use your miles to go to these unforgettable experiences.


Your membership is more than miles and your journey is more than a flight. Sky Miles experiences offers collection spanning music, film, fashion, sports, wellness, adventure and the culinary world. Whatever your passion, you'll find an adventure that's as unique as you are. Skymile experiences is just one more way Delta connects you to your world and the things that matter most. It's time to make your dream experiences reality. Visit delta.com/sky miles experiences and use your miles to unlock your next unforgettable adventure today. Now a Sky Miles member, it's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today.


Terms apply. Sinclair had titties and everything. I'm I'm that show. That show as a whole for me. I'm, I might be outta punk job. I like living single. Living single was the lead as a show is fire as hell. But as far as the cat, I'm, I'm cool. Queen. Look at her. She is nice bro. Who was that? Sinclair? We, that was when the first show first started then go to Caar second motherfucker And they had a fire. They had a fire as that's what you call that. Go to what? They NIL kicked in the fuck in the nineties. Kind of as you say.


Fucking lemme see that. Exactly. Keep your head up. What? Keep your head up Show. When they first grabbed her as a show, that show is Elite and they they, I mean French stole theme song was fired. No, that was a great show. I just feel like Max probably definitely stole. Yeah, friends stole shit. They out pocket for stealing that black. I got free bro. I gotta ask y'all that. How I feel about the Parkers cast. Shout. Shout to Unity. How you do somebody do the 42? That white woman, that white girl on there had a fat ass vie Stevie. There you go. That's her name. Yeah. Stevie did that one on my mama. She had a ro somebody do the 42 Whistle. Topanga was another white woman that was all right.


Do the 42 whistle. Nah, Monique was too precious for me. I'm sleeve i'll sleeve man. Love. Who you love though. I'll shake you. Welcome on my mama. Which is so funny about it. Hey do the 42 but oh she, I mean everybody got they tight. But what's so crazy is like Nicki Parker was like talented as she could sing. Oh my mama. Y'all got Gina fucked up. Gina. Y'all not telling me Kim Parker and Monique is a better looking lean lady than fucking Gina. I ain't going y'all, I'm asleep.


I'm trying to do the for two. Oh sweet. We got a category that's better next time. But that's a sick as versus day one. More show. More show girlfriends. Oh they all was fire. Every one on there was fired. All the girlfriends. Which one was weak. I know what he about to say. He about to piss y'all off. Nah, nah. I hope he about to. I know when she was ahead I only go say her 'cause she got a fat ass bro. Who to to rock. He about to disrespect Joan. What's wrong with Joan, Joan, Andre, ADA bro. What's wrong with her? Joan nice bro. He Iggy nine bro. And Joan nice bro. You Iggy my dog bro. She is the weakest looking one on that show.


Oh. But she ain't weak though. She's bottom tier on that show bro. The the other girls on that show is Fire. I'm They are. I'm Tony Childs for life. But Joan is nice. Joan nice. But she is the weakest but she, that ain't a bad weak man. I'm cracking Gina before Joan. You crazy as hell. Hey. Oh no. Before Whistle. I'm cracking Jenna before Joan bro. Nah, you crazy as hell. You crazy bro. Y'all only said, y'all only saying Joan 'cause she got a fat ass bro is decent bro. I'm asleep bro. Oh. How y'all feel about your bte? Davis saying he might retire from the shit. Yeah is crazy bro. You Scott bro. I I, yeah he's Which one Drew? Angie Stone blew me with that black brother. I said you too black for me because I hate a soul sister.


I can't stand. She got I I ain't gonna to you. She got don't do. Oh that's Angie. Yeah shout out to her. I like Angie an crack an that's Davis right there. Yeah, that's Zion mama. Nah you know what this funny they said Oh no y'all be watching Zion. Y'all be watching what's that show called? Murder show that Viola Davis was on bro. How to Get Away With Murder. That was one of the tightest shows ever. I ain't gonna lie. That show was good but y'all ever see how she walk on that motherfucker bro. They said it's so cold outside. They got me walking like Viola Davis how to get away with murder bro.


Bro y'all gotta watch the show and see how she walked bro. She walked so hard as fast. This shit is funny as fuck. All my fuck That shit's funny. I love this fucking show. This show is great man. Y'all are having, I'm having a fucking blast man. But Jesse Tank said he might retire from next year from fighting. Yeah he out of pocket bro. It was crazy. Yeah, I don't know how true that is. But it was funny because he was talking about like some he did enough. He said some of the personal things he was going through, he was just like I like to resolve them but if I go through therapy and really get all that stuff together, he said then my what drives me to fight might leave. And he was just like, I might not have the inspiration to do this shit or what it needs to be in this environment. And I was like that's really interesting to hear. That's crazy. That's like a hell of a conflict.


It's like fear and trauma make you the person that you wanna be. Mm. Like some people play sports and stuff 'cause they don't want to go back to what they seen or what they felt or how they lived. So like the fear will help you drive you to do something different. And maybe that's what he going through. I could see that like I had a fear of like having to live with my mama again. Hmm. That was like a fear of mine. Like you, you ever live with. I don't know how y'all parents was. My mom was strict as hell growing up and like I never, like when I left I never wanted to be like nigga I gotta come back here. That was like my fear. Like nigga I'll leave to go to Wake Forest.


Like ah, my mom ain't gonna never have, I ain't never going to your house. And then I got straight to the place where I had to live in the basement. You got your own house in there too. Y'all my house. I'm sneaking in the back door. We having a serious moment. I'm making a joke. My fuck you hope you're therapy All right bro. Yeah that's what hell, he realized that did happen. Yeah. I said fuck I ain't never wanna come back here. Yeah I ain't in the basement. Don't worry. We'll come to you money. My mom's house is always welcome. So I ain't, I ain't, yeah I didn't grow up like that. It's but y'all ain't never had nothing to make you be like nah, I like I gotta do this to, I gotta get outta here. Just me personally. This is self-motivation. I was never know no reason.


If I got put out and got fucked up today I can go back to my mama crib as you could. Yeah I could but I'll be all the way comfortable though. Nah, I just never, I always wanted to like help like my mom because I mean I had a lot of brothers and sisters like you do too. But I'm just saying like I always wanted, I never wanted to be a burden. So when I got out there I never wanted to be like, yo, I gotta come back. Nah. Yeah for I wanted be like, nah I'm gonna leave and nigga shit gonna be green. See you grew up different than me too. Like even if yours was a different outlook because you grew up with a lot of motherfuckers at your house. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We live with cousins. Kwana them running around that motherfucker th Moog lil badass in that bitch. You know what I mean? Real coming over whenever.


Yeah. Deion had that Ebony shout to my nigga real, my cousin Brittany. I grew up my cousin Wendy. I live with everybody I was about there. Your shit was different than mine bro. We had nigga, we had foster kids. Damn. Mr T you out of pocket? Yeah I had, we had, no, we grew up with two. So for two years we had two little black dudes. I forgot their names. Yeah, they was cool though. They usually black. Nah, then we had a white dude. Damn. Yeah we had a white dude that's white team out here. I never know man in there. This is how I'll never forget. So mind you it's, we got two of my cousins a white dude and then there's five of us anyway. Yeah, that's what I'm saying bro. So imagine having a little white dude when your daddy buy him some Jordan tens the steel tents.


I'll never forget he bought 'em the steel tens. We didn't get 'em and he walked in and he got 'em for him. I was like what the fuck? I was like damn about the tents. He's like yeah I had to get 'em for him. I forgot his name. Little nigga was bad as hell. Yeah And my dad just got 'em for him. And I'm like, yo like, like we want those like he like y nah nah, nah y'all can't get 'em. This is part his funding or whatever. I'm like fuck that. He For more funding I'm gonna steal him. Like they gonna get beat up with these. But the little dude was so bad I couldn't even beat him up. He went to L house and he came back and nigga came back with like 28 quarters. So he get to his house, he pulling out 28 quarters.


He telling Mo like look he I stole Lou and them changed. Damn little Peter pen was in that. I forgot to do that. Well y'all seen actually that lu know his name. Little nigga was bad as hell. He stole everything. Yeah. I forgot his name man. Mamat you boy y'all, y'all help everybody and God bless y'all. Y'all going to heaven for sure. For sure. But having them foster babies in there and y'all already got five black ass kids in y'all house is crazy. Oh my mama one of the dude one of the little black dudes had wrote me maybe two, maybe three years ago, I can't remember his name. I, but he wrote me and was just like, man I knew you was gonna be, you know a basketball player. You was always cool.


And I was old. I was like 15, 16. So I was know they'd be at the crib. I'm, I'm out moving and shaking my parents. I ain't had no curfew. So I did it all kind of wanted a little bit. But he like, man you was always good. You know what I mean? I was like yeah all right. But I knew him. I'm like damn. He was like, it's this ain't funny. But he was like alright I'm gonna holler at you big bro. Nigga don't call me bro. Nah, nah, nah. He went to Lee. You family see to take him nigga when I little white dude be like, Hey nigga, get your little brother out to get something. Hey man so foster kids bro. I get some of that to be one of y'all pit stops.


I'm sorry y'all be having a hella pit stops on your journey. I used to get mad at. We'd be like, hey man tell your little brother calm down while we hooking nigga he, I used to always be like, that's why I used to be so grateful growing up because I'm like ain't no way you motherfuckers is coming to pick me up and saying you gotta go back to the group home until we find you another set of period sleep. That's fucked Up to put my players to do that bro. I used to be like damn bro, y'all got some real good hearts because straight up I used to be thinking like we my bro shout to my brother Shy, my nigga Tyrone. For real. They do that. Yeah. Yo my brother do that. That's what no I used to be like damn we out of pot. Like I used to feel weird 'cause you know as a kid a 15, 16-year-old you carrying, I used to bring people everywhere.


I had Malcolm with me, I had Mo and I would have this little white dude. Yeah. And it's like I grew up with all niggas so it is like I got this little white dude, he was cool. He was bad as hell. Damn. But people joking me, you know what I mean? Like it's your little brother. I'm like hell nah nigga that ain't my brother. Like yeah it is. And he'd be like Yeah that's my brother. You know what I mean? I'm like damn Papa T yeah my daddy be like, you gotta treat him like that's your brother. And I'm like hey man I know he was on that all the clothes you MRT was bro. Everybody locked me in. Yeah. But as I got older I respected it 'cause it's like damn that little kid going through a lot and shit. We ain't going through half of we going through and as a kid you don't know that. But as an adult it's like damn.


Or her parents didn't embrace that that that was cool. It's crazy. A lot of love in that house because my mom grew up in and outta foster homes so when we was young we used to get mad. We have to go like especially all day times we'd do like community service and stuff like that. Man, like damn like nigga I wanna go hang out with my fucking Christmas toys. I don wanna go do this. And I got older. I was like damn that's real. Like that's crazy. Yeah like you was that person in that shoes and you got older and went back a couple people. Yeah I ain't gonna lie, I'm a giving nigga. Everybody in my hood from 40th street. I swear to God I used to give my whole closet to niggas but when Melle Sanders Thanksgiving came around, I was nothing. I ain't gonna lie, I ain't fuck with the homeless on Thanksgiving because bitch my plate why you ain't out?


Boy boy had a, you came to ask a nigga where's your plate? His name was Roy. Roy. Roy. You asked him who you asked. I swear his name was Roy because that nigga, him and Mook were the same age. Yeah. Hey you know it's crazy that little boy grilled to me post Malone. Hey he probably did probably fucking post Malone Roll here. If you post Malone call me nigga. Oh Now that's your brother bro. Bro tell me bro. I swear to God bro that shit is crazy. Shout to my pops to them man. They made my life really interest but it made me never want to go back home. Like I'm never gonna let y'all down. I told that's a Netflix special. I don never wanna go back to that motherfucker.


I'm never gonna let y'all down. I live here. Ain't gonna tell another random motherfucker in there nigga. This how crazy. This how crazy my life was. Right. So we moved from the hood, we moved from the west side gateway and we moved a pipe. So I'm like damn nigga we rich. You know what what I mean me. And if you know where Pike is now, it you ain't rich but you cool you're middle class for sure. Yeah. So I'm like damn we rich, blah blah blah. My mama and dad get fired so we broke. So now my mama and dad got a house at Pike but they lose they job. So that's why we end up getting foster kids, all this stuff. Right. So now we live in like we back on the west side really? But we in pipe. Cool. So all my life is, I'm doing everything I need to do.


Eventually my little brother starts growing up, growing up, growing up. He is not like me. He's a nigga. He Trey, that little Rory from that nigga. I'm just saying that nigga was a good, I'm just saying well you being up a kid that need help you a piece of shit. I'm just saying. But to make a long story short, I didn't want to come home 'cause everybody leave. You know he leave the house. My sister come back, she come back with my nephew. She come back home. She come back with him.


This nigga is a tyrant. When he was two he doing this and this Lord shout out to am I lying out? Shout out to the lineage. Shout to nephew. He was a West side trench back. Man. I don't know man. My my life was a funny, it is funny journey man. I appreciate it though. I shout out to the lineage bro. For Joe. Man. Shout out to Malcolm man. We got shout out to mooc. Remembering dude name though. You remember his name? Bully gonna be funny because he's a bully. Malcolm's fucking shout out to my boy Malcolm too. He doing freaky photo shoots, freaky recap videos. He had my motherfucker birthday party lit. Nah, you shout out to my nephew. I'm glad we found something that he really loves and really good at show He and he invested into this shit.


So yeah. Facts. I love Yo Malcolm from the project. Great investment. That was my first son. We wanna see him go far as possible with this shit show. He got the best mentor, he got freaky Mike. You know what I'm saying? Mike getting lazy so y'all know. Damn. I knew I I know was gonna be wild 'cause nigga I was taking him with me when he was one years old. Two. So imagine me, I had a hoop to, I had a $500 car. My sister wanted a babysitter so bad she would let me drive her son around with a 500 car. Yeah. My seat belts didn't work. My door fell off the back of my car. You really had to like lock it And if you open out the feel, the door will literally fall off. Oh Michael or y'all. But literally, swear to God I would have his car seat in the back of that.


This nigga one or two years old and I'm taking him everywhere. I got him in everywhere. You was chasing Riverside. I got him everywhere. Ville. That's, that's crazy. He Gaia point. He going to the leg. You had, you had Malcolm and Gaia Point? Yeah. Oh he everywhere. He's with me 'cause my sister would be like Jake with you. I'm like I don't care. I nigga and I take him with you. I how my nephew was with me but we was doing all right. Nah, we was in the trenches with him. Yeah we was nigga this how bad it was. Shout to Lou mama. I would just leave him with Lou mama. Right. So I would be, we'd be doing shit. We'd go hoop. I'd just be like, she'd be like, just keep him here. Where you gonna take him on? I'm like, she'd be like, you got some diapers?


Nah. She's like, he's going to use the bathroom, you outta pocket. I'm like, I don't put that sweat on thumb. I'm like that's her son. But like it would be me. I forget the baby bag and type of shit. I'm like, she like Jeff do you have a baby back man and DoorDash one popping. I'm like, she like, where's the baby back? She's like, I'm gonna go to the store for you. We'll leave him with her. Come back. She done cleaned the up. I'll take him back to the cri. It was crazy. My little nigga man. And He'd be like, fuck you niggas He used to talk. He still act like that God for that. But I'd be like, Mel say Fuck you niggas, fuck you niggas. Wow. I'd be like her booty big too. Your booty Big.


Her booty big. Wow. That's why Ms. Hogan said just gimme the baby nigga 21 now. But that's when I was home. I was fucking furious. The most toxic 21-year-old out. We we'll tell that story like used to be everybody used to put that. Oh damn. I used to get that nigga to go rappers and put him on his team and be like, smile at you a big time rapper. Fuck the paper soldier. Yeah. Gold nigga teeth. Hey that's crazy. We got a Malcolm order story before a freaky mike order story. But they gonna be pistol paton. Man. You remember that shit? We used to put the the, we still calculating, we're still getting all the information. Mike Mike's that Mike story Crazy.


Yeah. Yeah. I talked to Tricky Nick the other day. We, we getting some stuff. It's, it's a lot of pictures man. My not freaky mike and tricky nigga. Yeah that's no that's a CoLab collide in a collide. So we got to, I forgot that's your artist. It's my fault. Yeah that's my artist. I got a special reel dropping real soon. We having a good time tonight because Mike got a crazy picture out here to give you a headache. Mike got a crazy picture going on out here. This this one be SOP Barbie. You done put e and J in this motherfucker drink. Is this a club? I'm having a good time.


Okay, but this be, this ain't Bs OP. This is Motherfucker They dog. Bitch I'm about to die. Oh hold on. Rrp rrp man. No bro, you can't do that. My bad bro. I forgot bro. For Real. Just hit the east side on nigga BC. Hey what's crazy about this song? He really saved Warren G Life bro. Warren G out here trying to shoot Nice Random was the first Drake bro. Nate Dogg used to come on singing Hey what's a classic song like since we got here?


What's like a classic song like when you hear it automatically it's like yeah this, I'm singing this shit said that much. Beat your ass because it ain't your face. You a tip Trip. Respectful. Respectful about I about to get yo too. I say verse verse. I ing the whole fucking song. If I hear it still tipping, I'm running that bitch shot way through bro. Tipping on four Four. Okay. Yeah I'm rapping every verse bro. And Paul Walker the best person on that song. Respect. I ain't gonna lie. That credit card across the booty did it for me. Best video of all time. Oh. Elite Video. But I, when I used to, I be watching this nigga named Behi. He based outta London. He got a podcast called Behi him and turp from Oh yeah?


Yeah. Okay. So shout him up. I just seen they had juvie and Fresh on there and when I hear that goddamn damn anything from 400 Degrees when I hear that. Huh? Or I hear back that ass up. That shit just take me to a moment. Mm. Great album. Great album, great album. Album. Yeah. Look over here nigga. Great album. But one thing we never talked about, we never talked about the Hot Boys reunion. How did y'all feel about that? Shout to Wayne. That's how I feel about it. Yeah. Hey did y'all watch it? I did. I, no, I'm a hot boys fan. I just don't like, I think Juvenile is a great artist. Juvenile is right under Lil Wayne for sure. Out of that lineage.


I just was never a fan of 400 Degrees. That's all Juvenile. My favorite rappers of all time. I love four oh degrees. It just, it just weird. Not weird. I mean I'm happy they connected again but so much time has passed with some of that stuff. It's just like BG being gone, Turkey being gone hot. They just different now the ones but are y'all going on? They so they supposed to be spoil. I need a hood. They supposed to be going on tour. Are y'all going to the tour? I would definitely, I'm for sure I'll definitely grab a ticket for sure. Yeah, for sure. Are y'all going to the Kendrick Lamar tour? I would like to, I was trying to get tickets to Jake Cole to the, I'd rather go see Donnie McClarin got and Friends. He who is the friends though? I don know friends man.


My mama would be hype as fuck Miss T, miss Papa T we can slide my, my daddy ain't go up my mama. I swear to God. For real. I'll fuck with Kendrick Lamar music but paying 500 to see him and c I'm Slim's a little more for Obama and I love, nah I go, I'll pay for that. I love C Music and Kendrick Lamar. Shit gonna be fired. I think though, before that album starts, I mean before that tour starts he gonna drop the album. Obviously it's gonna happen around Super Bowl. Nah, old know what I pay 500 to C though and I'm gonna keep it a band. Who? Rod Wave. Oh listen I'm not even a Rod Wave fan like that. But when I went to his concert with this nigga over here, bro that was one of the most like involved and like greatest moments.


I how many concerts we been to Tea? I've been to thousands of times. Concerts. Okay. That but that raw wave bro. I don't know what the fuck them people drink before they get there or what he pouring in the crowd. It's called depression. Nah, it's a diff. This ain't depression. The way they sing this is life. They getting life out of this concert. They singing at heart Halifax bro. And I told this nigga, me and Mo and my mama shout to my nigga Jamar shout out Tore that conversation before y'all went was funny and didn't hear how he felt about that. It was funny as fuck because mind you, he like I'm only doing it because these niggas claim he's such and such. Yeah the concert didn't even start. This nigga says we sitting up in the suite bro got a suite but we up.


He like damn nigga I played for the Pacers in the playoffs and this motherfucker, we about 30 minutes out this motherfucker fed on Ring. Oh my mama nigga. I swear to God bro. Motherfucker to the top, to the tip, top nose bleeds the 200. I'm like damn I'm being like, I told you I'm eating popcorn and shit. That nigga come out bro. I'm like I've never, I don't even know his songs. I know two songs. Yep. That nigga says he the first one I'm gonna play my old shit. These niggas start singing the word G ghetto gospel bro. And I look at niggas I grew up, I'm looking at B him looking at Jamar, I'm looking at my brother. They niggas got, they hands up and they and I, I'm laughing at him so I'm trying to record him and shit.


But then as I noticed the whole crowd is just going lock the fuck in. And I'm like nah this niggas special bro. My nigga stopped rapping on stage and they just, he don't even rap. He just start the song. He be like, I love niggas and trust you but it's the reason I don't trust. And then he just stop and the song goes, Hey I'll be like this nigga is monumental bro. You can say whatever you want. How you feel about his music Kid not knocked his fan base, his hustle and what he do? That man car out lane bro. Yeah I been to a Dre Con. That's real idiot. Oh Fuck You alright nigga said put your hands up, hands up when I'm from the back.


She said freeze put your hands up. We only praise the Lord when we from the back of that thing Barbie. I be shouting that motherfucker, you hear me? Nah but nah that raw wave shit different bro. Yeah that shit I pay 500 c future though. But that's my, that's my I bet Future at birthday Bash one of the best concepts I've been to. Did y'all, did y'all have y'all seen Dave Blunts? Who is that? A big dude who performs on the couch with the oxygen tape. Oh yeah I saw that shit. I haven't seen him. He got a, he got a fan base too bro. That he's, that's Oxygen. Yeah, he's a, he's a big fella. He can't probably steal. Yeah he, I, I don't know what he has not bars song but he got, he got cool music nigga to fuck with him.


Tough bro. I ain't heard of him but Snoop Dopp was just like damn nephew, you know what I'm saying? Lay off the lean, you know what I'm saying? Get healthy. He was like fuck you on my dick. I yeah being on lean and you on an oxygen shank bro. Oh Lord as fuck. That's crazy. Don't do drugs and you on an oxygen tank. Nah, he's big. Yeah bro. Yeah he huge. He performed on the couch. No, no shade bro. I don't get healthy or whatever going on but damn how he gonna do a concert bro? He did it bro. He just performed Juice World Day by Tank bro. 500 pounds is crazy. The tank is in front of with the microphone damn 500 pounds. That nigga is not getting no cakes. You might not rap bro. Yeah.


Alright. What am I rapping for? You got a girl on stage with him. He's not getting no hoes for bro. He ain't seeing that before? Nah, you got to lift all that man. I ain't hate. Oh nah bro. Oh yeah, he putting that motherfucker on top of her head. He that's peekaboo head. Who is his name? Oh nigga his niggas. Yeah he huge bro. They gotta get the surgery bro. But you know how they be going to 600 pound life. Yeah And they can put that thing, that motherfucker syringe in you and pull that motherfucker out. You know how to on 600 pound life. But you gotta start like eating healthy and shit. I remember one lady got on the scale, you probably could find this clip Luis. And the dude got on first and he was like five something and then the lady got on next, she was like 800.


He said ooh damn look at that 600 talking about ooh nigga 800. He said Oh damn. Who pop that motherfucker balloon bro. Real pop balloon. The real, nah bro. If he talented like that bro, I hope he get he is. Nah he be having crowds. For real. Yeah, for sure. But do get healthy bro. We need to perform more bro. Yeah like fuck all that. Get healthy bro. Like you had a surgery whatever you need to, what's that Gas, what's it called? Gastro bypass? Yeah, he he can get a BBL L that'd be okay. That is sick. A nigga getting a BBLs out. Well Lipo 360 I guess. Damn I don't think that come just throw the fat away though. Yeah. Matter of fact give it to some of these girls. I know damn love bitch.


I try. I mean he always saying it's me. He talking about giving fat from the other nigga to the ho. Respectfully. It's a help. A Christmas gift. He got a lot. Listens be fat. He got a couple BBLs on him. Them BBLs be with boy. Mm. That's crazy man. We appreciate y'all man. It's been fun as hell today. Be here and tell the people they can grab some merch at before we get outta here. Damn. Done already. We definitely do. We at We at Fun. Five 20 do com baby we on there. We appreciate y'all. We'll be back next time. Club five 20, The Volume As we gather together during this holiday season.


Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued by JP Morgan Face Bank and a member FDIC. When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check.


Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypno, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. What's good Justin Jefferson here.


Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out. Bose dot com Get zone. AutoZone, Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? I think my battery's Dead. With free battery testing and charging. We can help you get back on the road. Get Zone auto. So What if I need a new One? We have the right dur last battery for you. Only at AutoZone. Get solid Auto. And what about My old battery? We can recycle it right here at America's number one battery destination. Get solid auto zone Restrictions apply.


Stay farm in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't? Right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.