
This is an iHeart podcast,


The NBC Nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Brohan. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there. Force Firefighters are still working around the clock. As The world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look For a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


I know a lot of cops and I get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser Incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. It is kind of star studded a little bit. Man, We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali SU, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others Dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to Good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or ever you get your podcasts,


The volume


Man y'all ever go get a new phone and be like, man, this is a good promo. And then a couple months later, surprise, your bill is totally different. But with Boost Mobile Man, it's $25 for everything. It ain't no price hikes. When I say $25 for everything, I mean $25 for everything. And it's forever, forever, ever, forever, ever. Boost Mobile is now a legit nationwide 5G network. They've invested billions of dollars across the country. Listen, visit Boost Mobile dot com or here to your local Boost store today and tap in on limited talk text and data. $25 a month forever. They ain't switching up. That's $25 forever. Text talk data no matter what. Just $25 5G speeds not available in areas after 30 gigabytes. Customers may experience slower speeds. Customers pay $25 a month as long as they remain active on Boost Mobile's unlimited plan. Tap in Boost Mobile dot com man, y'all better tap in $25 man, forever.


All right man. We back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wells. Same gang with me to my left. We got my dog. Bishop Behead out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty. What's up baby? Let's get to it. Hey man, that video resurfacing again man. You know what I'm saying? Your doppelganger in in, in the club man. Yeah, it's so up. Keep tugging down the white women man. They say what Bishop on the money done changed? No, that video is currently at 800,000 views right now. I had to click on thing one. Oh girl. Thank god I got tattoos. Hey chill. Thank God I got tattoos. That's the only thing to say. What's her name? Because bro, I looked at that picture. I said bro, that's crazy. Like he and that motherfucker like this in.


He ain't a clue. Wild. So shout out to that gentleman right there. He was in the middle of the club. Wilding. I ain't y'all to do that nigga. It was you allegation. No, for sure. That's funny as hell man. So I right my dog Young Nacho Young T how you what man? I'm cool man. I just got off the road. I hate driving. Come on man. Coach, she full the effect that nigga drove a hour two hours. Two hours. That's four. One day he fucking driver. I like that's four hours in one day. That nigga went to Cincinnati. I ain't going back no time soon. You know what I'm saying? That's a know saying for us.


That's a quick little popping on trip. My boy, my boy said that's too much for the game me bro. I'll never go up two hours to eat some food. It was worth it though bro. You six and oh this weekend. Six and Oh okay. Yep. Shout out to them starting the vibes off man. We y'all see this happy birthday to my dog man. My boy working on his birthday. My boy 40 today. Nah, my birthday on. Yeah, my birthday on Tuesday. Oh damn. My dog was on Monday in outta pocket. Nah, nah nah. My birthday on Tuesday. Oh. I'm aking my baby. You say he 40? He 40. Dang. Turn up og. It's his birthday today. Kurt Thomas Bday Ton. Yeah. Yeah. How's okay. I fuck with that. You know what I mean? The ex just like that nigga. Straight bruiser nigga ever say I was 40.


This nigga older than me did Cody Zel. That nigga 41 you 41. I can't wait to turn 40. I can't. I can't wait. Yeah, I can't wait. Y'all scared to be 40? No, I'm happy to get older. She shit, I ain't in a rush. I can't wait till I'm like 90. Oh no. Because I'm a, I'm a boy. My tell all story gonna be crazy as hell. You gonna like Quincy Jones? Yeah, I'm just gonna put the camera in front of me. I was say Mike, you remember 50 years ago we was podcasting. Y'all told me tell 'em stories. I didn't tell these press play. I'm still gonna be young when you 90. That's crazy.


70 million. And the funny part is don't let it be in the situation where like, You know what I'm saying? Somebody gone already. Oh niggas get lives off 'cause you ain't here disputed. Oh okay. You could spun on every I hope, I hope I, I hope I outlive you. I hope I die in 97. You die in 94 Ran claw. I hope you just sitting there slobbering everywhere. 77 I put my tv. I was like, I remember that moment we went to New York and that white girl was in the club. He trying to say what hell it was you nigga, Hey photoshopped out the tattoos.


Nigga said I wanna outlive you nigga. You ain't gonna be worth a corner nigga when you 97. Hey imagine if they put on draft feed you put under like hey who gonna last longer me my nigga. And I hope you lose a league nigga under Who gonna last longer. It's crazy. That is crazy. That's a nasty part. Oh man. Listen. Hey y'all stupid bro lot to talk about. I want to ask anybody here listen to the Carter six. 'cause I did not. Well I almost got that. I checked out a couple songs. I lo I love the song. I ain't gonna lie, it's not my favorite album of course. But the song with Big X, the plug is fire to me. Big X did what he was supposed to do. I did catch a little bit of that. Nah man. Yeah that's cool.


I thought it was dope that he had a song with him and his son. But for legacy purposes I don't want to hear it. I'm gonna keep it real with y'all man. When they start posting them pictures of like the old undertaker, the old K verse, the old DX where Sean Michaels didn't cuss no more. I said yeah that's about right bro. A nigga put the Pat Ung Magic jersey up. I said anytime I see this picture I know shit is all Boston jersey. I was like nasty bro. It's over for my dog. It, it's quiet. I don't think it's over for him though. You just gotta keep touring and do all your old shit, bro. Nah, hate just be mix tape tour Wayne. You know what it is man. Even when you go see Wayne Live and y'all know I love Wayne. We went to go, we seen him at j Cole drink.


He, he don't give you the show he want. It ain't that. He ain't a good performer. It's like he got so much music that he need to go on tour and perform like albums like hey I'm performing a Carter one and two. Mm. You know what I mean? Or did his set what was what like 15, 20 minutes? Yeah. Wasn't even that long. It was like 30 minutes. It was but it was like it was with the Hot Boys too. It was intertwined. Yeah, but then it was like the songs, you would get a snippet of the song like thank you, thank you, thank you every time. But like he went on tour and was like, yo, for all my day one fans, I'm dropping. I'm going with the Hot Boy album or I'm going with the block. It's hot. Whatever the albums was then people probably appreciate it more.


Well he's on tour now. I know people went to the show at Master Square Garden said it was a fire show. He didn't do any of the new album. They said yeah that's, I'm saying he didn't play all the hits but he actually, he bringing people out. It is. That's what I'm saying. I think like so far I don't think he done is 'cause he could still tour bro. That's a good idea for him to take. You feel me? Bring up your old shit. But I mean he do his old shit. But when we went bro, he was like maybe he done making new music. Oh yeah. Well yeah. I'm saying he's done but like Wayne on the feature is still cold. That's all he need to do. He been going crazy. Yeah. Features no more album. And if you gonna do a album, let's, let's get a little different of a production team in there. I think that's really what the, yeah. Yeah. My boy had, I know he explore with a lot though. Yes. Wayne is a pure artist.


We talking about drugs or Yeah. So that's who all the above. That Jelly Roll song is stuck in my head though. What's it called? Jelly Roll. Yeah. One with jelly roll Snakes in the grass, sharks in the water. It just, it's Wayne's so it's not trash. But compared to Wayne's what you compared it to, it's not that want Carter too. And you not getting that no more. Nigga I will take Carter four at this point. I just don't think he like I'm not, I'm who the fuck am I talk about When you the great, you great at your craft. Yeah. Wayne is a goat be you ever do so how can I speak on what you wanna do with your life? But when I look at other greats that like, I like the way they age. Paul's like Jay-Z aged with his music. He did. We listen to him.


It was like his music like okay we're growing up. Yeah. Yeah. I don't feel like Wayne ever aged like it is like well that's 'cause he disconnected himself from the world too. But it's like damn, I remember that sound like squad up Wayne like that. It don't sound like squad up Wayne but he's still rapping like squad up Wayne. Yeah and it's fucked up. 'cause realistically in hip hop we don't even get too many artists that get to even get older to like Grace aids. Like you look at Biggie and Pop two niggas died at 25 basically. Yeah. That's crazy. We don't even know what they would be like now with social media and that shit. So we don't have too many examples of it. But you look at the Nas, you look at the Jays like some of the prom, the rap, they age gracefully. Like Nas made dope albums the last couple years. Yeah. But again he had a young producer in his pocket.


You gotta stay with the Toms though. They ain't ain't too many rap artists bro. Dropping an album now and it's still gonna be fire. It's gonna be hard. I agree. It's gonna be hard because music is so different now. Rap is so different now. Like, but when somebody give you like, I'll give you an example. Pusha T and Malice Malice, they dropped that song. Yeah that was fire. Yeah. Their album going to be phenomenal And they like old, they older rappers but that shit was fire. Like I'm like this how old rappers should sound Age trumpets. Man that shit was fire. It was like that was a hard song. I still love to hear Fab and J on Shit though. Yeah but you can hear it. They like age with they music.


Right. Yeah. I feel like Jeezy makes Grownup Raps. It's grown now. Yeah. Even when he did a, the Snow, what's the The Snowfall? Yeah, snowfall The drop of joint. Yeah that was, that was, that was cool. That other shit was he, he ate on that ESG song too. The, that's one of my favorite raps songs bro. So he definitely, he aged with his music too. But it's a few. It's a few. It's just we had, we were so like Rick Ross aged with all his music facts. We were so big on Wayne growing up bro. He was our childhood like Fab them really wasn't our childhood. They was, but not really. Like we look, we grew up with Lil Wayne, bro. Yeah, I was, I was more inspired by Fab though. I ain't gonna lie.


Yeah, fab from like the fashion that with the, the Jerseys and swag. Yeah, I I was just talking about the music though. But those tapes, it's crazy. Wayne Wayne was the goat but it was just like, he was so, you be like you couldn't be Wayne. You know what I'm saying? Saying yeah, he was too far gone. He was too gone bro. Like I can't, I'm dating myself about my nigga with the MySpace background bro. With the vape Purple jacket bro. Like that was Iconic bro. Niggas look wanted to do that bro. But you just couldn't do that. You couldn't do it. It was a different time. I just dunno who has more music than him. That's fire. Who got a better catalog. That's, that's why he can do trash shit and it's okay. You said who got a better catalog? Yes. His catalog is tough to beat.


A lot of people gonna say his music didn't age well. But I'm not buying that. It didn't, I mean it's tough. Nobody, it's tough to say that. I can't even say that. It's tough to say anybody music really Super range. Well I mean you can go listen to Reasonable Doubt right now and Reasonable Doubt is gonna be like, yeah this is the album. That's fair. But we are talking about Jay too. Yeah, but I'm saying we look at Wayne as one of the greatest ever. I I would still listen to Carter Warn Carter too for sure. But every mix tape I'll still bump dedication one, two, it's nostalgia to us. It's like, but if you go listen to some of 'em, like you'd be like, like if you really just play it for like somebody that's a young guy, they'd be like, this shit as that shit ass bro. Y thought this shit was tight.


Like I I've done it with my nephew. Yeah, Malcolm probably can't understand no ceiling. But that's a classic. It's, it's so fire to us. Like it is look popped out. Don't pop out for the disrespect mouth. Nah, that's okay. I guess he go to Wayne Mixtape discography bro. It's a lot of, he we was, we was hooping and dedication to came out was like, like Skip. I say hey you shut the fuck up. That's what I'm saying. You know, got Fight or Fab bro. I felt disrespected bro. Skim. That is hilarious bro. Like he, he got like, like, You know, everybody know Milli and Seven Foot, six foot, seven foot, all that shit. But the shit that we like, he don't, it don't really come on like Birdman Jr. And all that shit, bro. Like them shits is like classic songs. But you don't never, you rarely hear him.


You know what I mean? I know we're gonna get off this subject, but I want to ask how y'all feel about this. People a little bit older than me. I always say they like Carter one over Carter two and I've been seeing a lot of heavy people saying Carter one is better than Carter two. How y'all feel about that? I, I'm a Carter one fan that, that's his best album to me. I'm not mad at it, bro. The way, the way he described a fucking crack house or a project building, I should say Will the Carter, if y'all ever watch Fucking New Jack. Yeah. New Jack City. The way he describes the Carter is unbelievable in that song. I'm really overthinking. That shit was fire like that took Yeah, that took Wayne to a different Wayne. Wayne. Wayne Is he Lee? I I, I'm probably Carter two, Carter two for me.


But I Miss My Dogs is a top tier rap song bro. Man Birdman Jr bro. Play the Corner Light Ripkin nigga. What the 40 Cal? He snapped on that Ripkin nigga. Rip Nigga. I know we, we've had this conversation many times but I'm gonna do it before we get off the subject. Burman Jr. Or The Mob? The Mob. The Mob. My favorite Wayne song. The Mob might be one of the best intro softball. Yeah, the Mob Mo it's up there. That that in Tuscan Leather and one of Jeezy intros. Jeezy guy fire intros every time. Oh yeah. Kevin Gates Luca bro. Se you fuck with that Tough. Yeah you early on Gates the Mob with that motherfucker man. He played in his concert and I don't want you to stop that, play that all the way through, bro.


He he only played it for 20 seconds. Tuscan Leather is a fire ass song. It's three Beef flips and he goes crazy on every single one of them, bro. I like Tuscan leather but I'm gonna flick the mob. That's the greatest intro. I ain't gonna lie. I am a little disappointed that we don't have any like Drake and White Music or Drake White and Nicky Music. I know we gotta the see in Green a couple years ago, but I hate that they don't really do music anymore. I would love that now. I ain't gonna lie. Standing ovation though. That's the, that's the intro to Thug Motivation 1 0 1 ain't it? Gotti used to have some fire shit on his tape too. That shit and cocaine music. That standard Ovation bro. I taught him straight Drop this and zip locked that man. What race lines. Well I kept that strap. I know. Standing Ovation or Dreams of Nightmares.


I mean Dreams of Nightmares. Dreams of Nightmares is an anthem. So you gotta go with it. Yeah, that, that one's crazy. It it's cheap. It's a cheat call. That's crazy. It's a cheat code. You know what other intro I like from Meek? Lord knows. Yeah. Yeah. He got to Life. Jeezy actually got a a a few. Yeah I saw you, I saw you on Twitter cause of havoc with the Jeezy and TI conversation. Yeah, I was, I was a real question. I guess I'll bring it here to us. Like who, who got a better catalog rap catalog. It's that's a tough ass conversation 'cause niggas did not get Flipper here enough. Credit bro. His I Fire album. His his graphy is so crazy bro. I used to love Trap music. Trap music is crazy. Urban Legend is fucking insane.


Yeah, I think Tia has better albums. Paper Trail Fire too. Paper Trail. And that's a later album. That's Fire Trail. I think ti got better albums. But is it better than Thug Mo? He don't got nothing better. I think Thug Mo. Ooh that's, that's such a tough Yeah he has nothing better than Thug. That's the best album of the discography. But if you put Herba Legend and Trap music right under that. I first five songs are Herba legend is crazy. Tim, the first You think it's possible better th motivation the first five songs? Not for not for My Car. It's The Thumb, the Thumb different for, for Jeezy. But I don't know TI just, that's who gracefully aged bro. For sure. Yeah. I like it like King is Fire bro.


King. The fact that he dropped King at the same time the a TO went out in the movie theaters. I know we dating ourselves with this shit, bro. That's crazy bro. Hey, what's Jeezy say out what You know about that Bro? I I really, I really love that song bro. Here's the, here's the problem. That conversation Jeezy's second album is not the best. Even though it is fire. It is not the best aspiration. It's cool. But You know what's fire recession? Recession The recession. That's fucking crazy. That is fire. TM 1 0 3. Fire. Fire. What? Yeah that's that. They got the hits on that motherfucker. That's what got the hits. Yeah that got the club shit man. What Hiss was growing? What am I do? Wake up in the mud. Who the fuck am I screwing?


That can still come on today. What? Yeah I I'ma I'm gonna take Jeezy bro. That's my favorite Jeezy song. I'ma take GI gotta roll with Clifford and this one I woke up other GA too white girl from the Ping P, pony B him was with the club. Nah man, get off the white women man. Shout to all the bunnies Dr. Omar. I'm sorry. That's what they said. They was like damn, we thought he was down with the I know man they playing on my name bro. IT 1 0 3. That was my shit. Classy music man. Spin that shit. Y'all happen in a while. I'm this far too by ti. If you not too familiar. Nah G ti shit's. That's two classics bro. And I don't, I don't know if you pick whoever you pick you can't go wrong with. Nah you can't lose it all. But speaking of music, did y'all see Rod four nine?


Shout to five 20 alumni. Y'all put the chain on Lil Baby while he was performing? Yeah, that shit crazy. I ain't see what Shout to baby man for being you try to put it on him man. He's like chill bro. Then he try to, nah nigga I got you grab it like, and he just held the chain up. He didn't tweak out on him but he like ah, he like nigga I'm gonna just hold it. Yeah, I got you bro. Just chill out. I'm gonna finish performing. I don't want this to run my neck bro. Yeah I'm real folk here. Yeah like I fuck with it. I'll fuck with it. Shout the baby bro. He brought out what I'm saying, Lucci. Yeah that was I that was interesting. I was confused by that. Very. Yeah, very interesting. I know there's a lot of background between that. I don't know too much about the streets or the rap beef but that was interesting. But I ain't mad at people piecing it up.


Me neither. I'm all for a piece but I just, that one threw me off. I did too because the thug, I, You know, I don't, I don't know. I don't care. Yeah I know about Patrice shit. I know a lot of people done been to jail, got outta jail. I'm happy that people can be adults and move past it 'cause it ain't helping nobody. I fuck with Luci though. You know. 7 6 2 my favorite song. Yeah. My third favorite song of all time. 7 6 2 can get Bomb. That's one of the s slow songs that get bumped in the club and everybody gonna ing that word for Word, huh? Yeah. Yeah. He snapped on that. But I don't know. I just seen that. I was like real, very interesting. Maybe Think you could figured it out. Maybe nigga figured it out and if they did, that's good bro. That's good for the city. Especially the city of Atlanta for sure bro. Reason especially in that situation bro.


All these niggas, it's the, the major heads of all these important companie, these bro are going to jail bro. And people got out, a lot of people go to jail, don't make it back. So whatever happens, shout out to y'all for figuring it out. Hug about to go on tour. Oh for real? He got a, he doing okay Jeffrey? He doing a festival in Chicago I think in a couple weeks. I ain't mad at it. Yeah. So I fuck with the first day out concert. I'm something on it. That's another Grapher. That's crazy too. Yeah. Jeffrey. Yeah. Thug is a part of a lot of classic songs bro. He is bro. He kind of slept on for real. One of the biggest, he's top five ever in Atlanta. Mm. That's tough brother standing on that one. Top five Thug is the top five artist ever to come out the age.


Alright, Jeezy. Okay y'all T Okay. Don't go be order. Just definitely have to put Gucci up there. Ti So Ti Gucci, Jeezy, future then Thug. Yeah. Woo. What about Outkast? Andre 2000, Outkast all. So you gotta put cast up there. I I respect it bro. This is just different to I'm, what are the merits of this? This ranking? I'm just asking like the biggest or like y'all favorites. Nah, this is, this is who made Imprint on the city. Yeah, I would say a lot of influence as well. You gotta have all the influence. All encompassing. Atlanta got a lot of crazy artists. Thug. Thug is different. Yeah. It ain't no disrespect to the artist.


Thug is responsible for a lot of major artists today. Hmm. Not more. Not more than a Gucci. No. Nah. But that's it though. But for the new generation, I could definitely, I love who you read over there. You got Gucci Future Andre 3000, Ludacris Big boy Thug T Outkast. I don't like Outkast separated. They gotta be as a group together. Killer Mike. I mean shots Killer Mike, soldier Boy, I feel like Soldier Boy should get a lot more credit on this list. Only because of his impact in music. I swear Soldier Boy wanted the goats Blending vice's signature Dynamic storytelling with the high octane world of sports.


Vice sports brings an exciting and diverse range of programming that goes beyond the game. Catch action packed live events and exclusive sports documentaries and profiles only on vice tv.


The NBA finals are here fellas. And this is your last chance that we can play some bets on these games. Man. DraftKings, You know that's our betting sponsor and the official betting sponsor of the NBA. For sure. We ready to tap in man, what you got for me? That five to get $300 in bonus bets, man $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins, man, I'm taking with that bet. I'm taking the Oklahoma City thunder smack the Pacers this year. Come on. You know what I'm on. I'm gonna use that bonus bet to put it in for my Indiana Pacers. We gonna get this crown just like DraftKings says. And listen, this is special for first time bets on DraftKings. $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins, don't miss your last chance to bet on the NBA season. Download DraftKings. Put in promo code Club five 20. That's again Promo Code Club five 20 Fellas, y'all laughing at me, but hey, you bit that $5 and you get $300 back on with that. Bonus bets for sure. Only on DraftKings, the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes. But there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, but not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops believed everything that Taser told Them from Lava for Good. And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute Season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star stunned a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne For Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug. Van Benny the Butcher. Brent Smith from Shinedown. Yeah. Be Real. From Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine. Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz Car. Moosh. What We're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast. Season two on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcast.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures. And your guide on Good Company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We we dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Social Boy changed the way people made music. That's I'm mean, his impact on music. And being from Atlanta. He the first nigga, first rapper on YouTube. Facts bro. What he did on lawnmower and all them sites, bro Drake beat his flow too. Drake. Drake. I fuck with Soldier Boy. Big Drake. OI. I just, thug is just, that's why I was asking like what is the, I fuck with the gay influence if you going by, I get th body of work. I mean Thug is definitely up there. Like you said, he inspired the next generation but I'm not putting him over Outkast. But yeah, I can't put him over Outkast. I ain't, I cannot. I respect y'all for that bro. I'm quiet. But that's thug if you go by like sales. I feel like Ti and Ludacris probably sold more than Oh yeah.


Tyler Ludic different though. Ludacris is underwriter as fuck. Those niggas is in CD eras. Niggas is buying CDs. That's, I don't compare CD niggas to streamers. I respect that. I remember we saw with Malcolm, we at Dreamer Festival, he was like, damn Ludacris, I'm my man niggas not him from fasting Spirits no Littler had slaps. Yeah, you gotta think though. Th is responsible for Uzi and Baby. That's big. Yeah, he know Uzi. What the fuck he had on Nigga Send shit to my phone bro. Hey, that nigga had on heels bro. That had to be, that gotta be fake bro. I mean hopefully it's ai but Fake has to be ai. He, he trolls a lot too though.


Uzi trolls a lot. That nigga do whatever he want to bro. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't really, that's too bad. You know what's crazy? I don't even, don't be mad bro. I don't want no smoke. I don't know if that's the Wildes thing he's doing. And that's the great part. Yeah, that is crazy though. Ha ha. Yeah, that's, that's a, that is crazy. That's od Yeah, he's, he's out of pocket for that. But he, he a troll bro. He a troll man. That shit the funniest shit though. Shout out to JT Zy ever did bro. That's what he was eating. That Popsicle or whatever. And that boy, them kids got off the bus and I just moved. Shit. Somebody shout, shout to Jones, he send that shit to me every day, bro. We used to laugh about that shit every day. He loved Uzi bro.


He was like, I just moved over here. I think Uzi is funny. He is a troll bro. He's a troll bro. He, he wanted life bro. Yeah, slaps got a nice girl out the way. Took a city girl off the market bro. Yeah, he, he's pushing the needle with that. But that's why I put Thug up there though bro. Because you, we gotta ask Mike, You know some Wayne shit. Yeah, I mean Thug, I feel that we gotta ask Mike about his going to the concert. Mm. See no, I hate concerts. Like I, I hate going to him. But that was actually, and I've been to a lot of concerts. That was pretty fire. Mike pulled up for the scissor and the k.it was, it was far. I actually appreciated them not having like those filler openers. Yeah. Like, 'cause that shit really bothers me.


Like what am I here for? It is wasting my time. But Mustard opened up, he had a good like 35, 40 minutes of him like just going crazy. Surprisingly played some Drake joint in there. But I mean the crowd loved it. Kendrick came out I think to squabble up. Mm. He came out Squabble up and then Scissor came in and it was like they kept going back and forth. They'd do a song together. Scissor stay out there, do a song together. Kendrick stay out there back. It was, it was crazy. The production was, it was Fire, it was fire. Those are two amazing artists. Yeah. Like if I'm going to a concert, you getting your money's worth for sure. Yeah. I think people forget how Big Scissor really is.


I didn't realize that part. I wanted to ask y'all that 'cause we debating a little bit. Scissor is Fire. But who you like more? I heard what's my, my girl's going on concert with Chris Brown. Summer Walker? Yeah. Oh yeah. I like more Sizzle or Summer Walker. I like Summer Walker as a singer better. But as far as music better, I'm gonna go with Sizzle after the concert I'm going sizzle. I like, bro, when Summer Walker performs, she don't do nothing. She just sit in a chair. Yeah, she Trey songs for sure. But nigga, her voice is so good and then her songs are so fired. The whole crowd Single. Oh yeah. She can drop the mic. She can ride waves some shit. No, that shit is crazy. Yeah, she can ride waves some shit. But I don't know man.


Scissor Fire though. Maybe, maybe in my ghetto girl era, probably summer. But Scissor, like scissor grown up music, I love control. So I'm, I'm biased for Scissor. But yeah, she got some slaps bro. Someone Walker be jamming like a mother. Oh God. She do, her music is amazing. It makes us overlook all the other shit because she be wilding. We don't care. She fried. She fried. But she the biggest, she the biggest far as like the age. Yeah, from like 18 and up. She's the biggest. Everybody's going on tour this summer too. Somebody. Yeah. I about to ask who, who y'all going to see? Are y'all going to the Chris Brown Scissor? I mean Summer Walker Tour. I'm something on seeing Chris Brown. I'll be free. I ha I have to go to that. Yeah, that's Fire tne going on tour too.


T Payne is, that's a, that's a hell of a artist. I love T-Pain. I will go see T-Pain. But they gonna have Bryon on that tour too. Right? Yeah. Is Jana Iku, Bryson Taylor, summer Walker and Chris Brown Different guess how much Bryson till gets to show? Nah, 3,500. Y'all think it's retarded? Are y'all crazy? 35,000 Last time I seen Bryson Tiller bro, he respect, he had his baby girl out there. She was singing songs. I was like yeah shout out to Bryson Tiller. He ah cool. You gotta give, you gotta give Bryson over 300,000 to perform. Excuse me, over 300,000. That's probably why we don't see him too much. Yeah, that's a fact for you. I respect it. 3000, he getting 300,000 off one album.


I fuck with you to I love Trap Soul but I will hear don't on YouTube. That's why I that shout to him. Louis Legend. I was just telling you how big the nigga is though. People that's underrated Artists for sure. I mean that motherfuckers a underdog. The sink nigga. That nigga. But you gotta pay 300, 300 a Ain't nobody paying. That nigga's an opening act. Ain't nobody paying 300,000 for that nigga. Nah bro, he big bro. I'm not saying he not a big artist but shout to Bryson but I don't got it bro. But I don't think nobody got it. Yeah, that nigga might have one show a year for 300 what he calls bro. Damn bro. Get out the bed bro. So we get him at the Vogue Day party bro. Fuck no. Oh nah. I knew he was too big for that. Now that first that one album was Trap was amazing.


Chiller Russian Chiller bro. What's the interlude? That interlude. Oh that Open Interlude on that song. Td, that song hard. I even like that song. I mean You know Get Well Soon Diddy. But I like that song with him and Diddy. It actually slaps I, I'm not sure he, I'm not sure if he's gonna perform that anymore. It's a lot. It's a compilation of people going recent putting all the Diddy bars and songs. They were just like, what did you mean by this? And it's funniest shit. I bet my brother, my brother cut all about the Benjamins yesterday. I'm like fuck it bro. Let's rock out bro. Who you got bro? Yeah, I remember when shorty crashed out on, what's that show when he was making niggas Walk the cheesecake.


The band? Yeah. Remember when she ain't making it Her like sister had died or something. Oh yeah. And she had crashed out. They was showing that like yeah that's what I should have known. Some shit was crazy. He cut a nigga who, he cut a person and hey sister died. He didn't give a fuck. He didn't get no fucks about nobody. She was going crazy. Said hey man, she hey somebody wilding over there, y'all better get her. That nigga had no concern about her bro. You know what's so crazy bro. That was the peak of reality CV 'cause he had to do a complete bullshit. Right. I, I would want somebody else to do making a bando. Somebody gotta do that. One of these other big artists gotta do that shit. But you gotta have somebody crazy enough to make it like that entertaining because that era of TV is unmatched bro.


It is bro. But I, I think somebody could do it. Y gonna make me think about who but shit, the Juy shit's the closest shit. Yeah but You know that's for bullshit though. Ain't nobody as fucked up as Diddy. Diddy was fucked up bro. He cuts out. But that shit is genius though. When he cuts out the dance teacher and then flipped it on her. I said he is crazy. Oh yeah bro. We was in New York where they was at and where Juniors was bro I quit. There's no way walking here for this mid ass cheesecake bro. She said they gotta learn a dance move. He said you expect somebody to learn the dance moves in one day. She said yes, she'd be on that. She still doing that shit today. She was like, get the fuck outta here. He flipped it on her like why she talking to me like that? I'm like, Think you just cussed her out like bro, what do y'all think Y'all can learn a dance routine in day.


Yeah, no I'm talented. I am not. I'm behind the scenes I can do a lot of things but dancing ain't one of them I got, I got, I got skills shots of Fox, You know dancing day bro. No I can't. We seen, we seen Mike bowling skills on display. I've never seen I, I've never seen Mike. So Mike and Bow a little bit. Man no I'm fucking fire. He said he is better than all y'all about. Said he let Terrell win Lands. Terrell is the best ball I have ever seen in my life. Bullshit. Oh, oh that's, hey I asked him as soon as he came. Highest real door. He had the highest score yesterday. Marcus. Definitely I didn't, I I didn't even have a real ball. I ain't bring my ball.


I ain't know. Niggas was like, I ain't know niggas was on. Niggas come with they bags and shoes and niggas came through with a roll. I these nigga I three balls. Pauls like I got three bowling balls and pair of shoes. I just didn't bring them. It really didn't feel like people were serious. So I was like oh they ain't really serious cap. This nigga was throwing a ball. He had a towel in his back pocket had one on his shoulder. Get your ass. I ain't even pull the one out my back pocket. It wasn't necessary. This my new shoe was outta pocket. My nigga had to just do it back the town. I said this nigga too locked in. I ain't even gotta pull it out. I said this, You know what, run it back. He definitely told me y'all suck. I was like y sad. He kept running back. He said he did some crazy shit at the end just to let Ter real win gutter. He was really pissy gutter.


Nigga got a gutter. I was rolling nigga You know me, I'm gassing it too. I was trying to show how I fucked up. Nah, Terrell didn't ever want the cold. His bowls I've ever seen in my life bro. I don't like that dj. But I'm sorry bro. I didn't, we were side by side. I gave you, I gave you a respect where you think he could do everything. I literally can though. It's kind of crazy. I literally can't. He can't though. Y'all know when we talk that's how people really fuck with this show. They really want to see y'all lined up bro. Bro I'm going like, hey you gotta referee this shit bro. Nigga above came to me was like, why this nigga think he could really guard you? I said I don't know why the fuck he did this nigga. I've talked about Richard Sherman, this nigga is coming and I, I wanna, I wanna go, I wanna go ahead and rewind that, that that clip. I never said I could guard you.


Mm. I said you couldn't guard me. Yeah nigga lie up. We do it said he aint gotta get your reft and I and I rolled my ankle but I ain't tripping. I still guard me that he always got an excuse y nigga I can't play big the excuse yesterday, I forgot my ball. I couldn't bow 'cause I forgot my ball. Swear forgot I did. She HT told me we halfway dropping like yeah Mike said he bringing this ball. I said damn nigga's gonna bring that bowling ball. I seen Phil, I seen Terrell walk in with here. I said man I really leave it in the car and I saw Terrell pull his back out. I was like oh okay. Yeah when I seen niggas with they own bowling shoes. I thought Terrell had on products yesterday. I said I had never seen these before in my life. I got jewelry, one bowling shoes. I need to look that up. Them sound tight.


Hey shout out to my nigga above you. Man. He threw the ball so hard yesterday that the ball that I was bowling with was no longer there. It disappeared. I had got comfortable, You know what I'm saying, got in stride and it never came back. I said this nigga Bo b said you was throwing that bitch so hard. You know what I'm nigga throwing a ball hard as fuck. I said look at DJ fire at the ground. I said this nigga is fired. This nigga throwing a bounce pass broke the crazy nigga was throwing back cut pass. Swear bub threw the ball so hard bro. I was like bub just lay off the rules bro. I know you try to get the 2 35 but damn bro you look like the rock bro. We was only people who didn't have no spins on our throws. Straight down the fast balls ont nigga bro.


What? Talking about y'all see that dude speaking the whole time. You see that dude get hit in the head with that baseball? Yes. I'm nothing. I take my, I take what I said back. I want no smoke with that. I'm not going to the bating cage. That was a whole accident bro. That nigga damn done killed that man. Yeah bro. CT baseball, thank God had, thank God he had that hat on. That ain't do shit. I ain't gonna hold you bro. Growing up playing baseball and You know what I'm saying? Occasionally you catch a couple, You know straight pitchers to the body. Motherfucker hit you with a high fast ball to the head bro. That helmet ain't shit bro. I ain't up cushion in the world bro. You ain't even have a helmet on that nigga on a baseball cap. And look how scared you gonna be trying to look at that motherfucker. That was crazy.


Look how scared you look at them. That's how you gotta hold the bat bro. You don't hold it up with one hand get it. Gotta get right. You know what's crazy? You know what it's called in baseball when you do that? It's called choking up man. What? Choke up the bat. Oh that's what they called? Yeah. Oh well that shit been around for shit. Hey that's why. Hey, did you see what I sent you about the pastor? Please bring that up for everybody man. What the pastor do? Hey man, we, this is good. Hey man, shout out to the church. Be here. You really need your own church man. If niggas can do this bro, you gotta tap me in for sure man.


Yeah, I gotta give y'all official name man. This is crazy as fuck man. While you looking it up. You know what's funny? When you came to the game, one of the youngsters was like, hey we're buddy that had the ice on. I was rolling. He said Buddy with the ice left. I was, he like, he was talking shit to me. Where you leave buddy? With the ice lift? I was roll. I meant to call you like he was looking for your ass man. Who I was talking to. Yeah, I'll send him his money. Fuck Diggie. I send him his money. Shout out to my guy. Yeah, he was like where buddy with the ice the chain? Yeah. Yeah. Where he ass? I think he left. He said, oh hell no. Hitting at the, I be old people.


So bro, all you talking about the make man your house? Yeah man, Bishop Hillard, man, six home, 24 acres, 15 SI had seen that. Damn. That's kind of fire though. Yeah, you gonna have to bring back the green leaf man if they doing that bro, we gotta get you back in the ministry bro. Six homes. I'm cool bro. Would y'all live like that? Nah. 'cause my family gonna want to be move in. Yeah, I mean I think that's what that was for. That's actually my ideal situation. You want all your family live right there. The joint behind the Meridian. I mean, not Meridian, but Michigan big as fire. It's enough. Not this is closest as fuck, but like back there. Put an acre between each one of your house, you smoke. Yeah, I I know Uhuh.


Yeah, I'm cool. I love my family, but there's not a situation where I wanna ride past my family on the way home every day because somebody's gonna get on my nerves. I don't know how much, how filled your family is with kids. Like it is a shit ton of us. So I That's a no go. Don't give a fuck how much money I got. I would never. Yeah. I need to see y'all. What I want to, there's three motherfuckers in my family pregnant at the same time right now. No cap. It's dead, bro. I couldn't dare, I don't even know which family members I would pick to move my sister sister. Now the family draft, that's where shit get tricky. You gotta have a real draft though. Yeah, that's actually very valid. Do do everybody got favorite like brother or sister? I only got one.


I only have one brother, so he my favorite by fuck. Oh me. Nah, we, I'm pretty much like, eh, everybody the same for me. I feel like everybody got like a favorite cousin. Oh nah. The cousin, the auntie uncle Hierarchy is real. Yeah, I got a favorite cousin. Yeah. I Y'all legit got a favorite cousin. My landslide got a favorite niece, got a favorite nephew. I I also have a favorite kid. I also, I got a favorite kid too. Yeah, no, for real. I got a favorite kid. At some point we gonna have a, have a honest conversation with parents and y'all do have a favorite kid. Y'all just won't say it. If I had multiple brothers and sisters, I imagine I probably would've a favorite.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes. But there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops Believed everything that Taser told Them from Lava For Good. And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute Season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In A very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star stunned a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne For Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug Fans. Benny the Butcher, Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Kote Marine. Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz, Kara Moosh. What We're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to It. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcast.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I love all my brothers and sisters. Same. But Marcus is the baby and he like my little brother. So you feel like he belongs to you? Yeah, he like, I mean obviously I know he everybody, little brother, but he like literally my only little brother. Yeah, that's, I'm somebody else's little brother. Yeah. You know what I mean? I'm the youngest outta 10, so yeah, I'm the baby. My brother 10 years older than me. Yeah. So y'all the little brothers. Yeah. I get a chance to be a big brother. So that's why he might like, nah bro. I, yeah, I have a favorite in everything. I also have a favorite parent facts. Nice. That's funny. I fuck, I fuck with both my parents. The same, just different relationships I do. My dad would tell you my favorite. Yeah. Oog my dad. My dad would say he a momma boy.


He still got the nipple. My dad probably would say the exact same shit. Oh for sure. But I like my mama more anyway so Yeah. But the, the aunties of conversation, boy. Yeah. It would be a real a I ain't got no favorite uncle. I do, I no disrespect to none of my uncles, but I ain't never really been cool on uncle. Like I always never really been cool with 'em. I grew up, they all like, they all cool people but I ain't never had like no relationship. Yeah. My uncles passed. I got like extended uncle. I definitely to think bro, like I don't really see my uncles like that. Yeah. I got some aunties here. They all cool though. Y y'all ain't gonna make it into a compound, You know what I'm saying? I hope y'all are blessed. I'm gonna see y'all holidays but y'all cannot live in this residence.


But my aunties, that's where it get tricky. You gonna make a call y family especially. Yeah, I got a lot of aunties. That's cool. I don't even know how y'all would pick, but my Aunt Niecy, that's my, she gonna get a crib for sure. Yeah. That's my, that's my, that's my dog. You'll get a crib. But I don't know who I would bebo. Oh yeah, Bebo. Beb for sure got got Really? You should really love your life. My dogs, man. I can't listen. No, this, this is easy. That's easy for you. Yeah. Listen. Yeah. All my brothers and sisters Koala be over there by aunt. Mm. I I ain't gonna do people like that Mo get a crib for sure.


Yeah. Moogs in the car. I you probably, there's six houses, right? Yep. Your mama, your mom's and, and pops get a crib for sure. See, you get, you got lucky because that's just one crib. Yeah. I gotta take away two for that one. Oh, they gonna have to link back up. We gotta work this thing back. That's crazy. You try fuck up the whole neighborhood. That's, that's up the whole neighborhood. My family is still together now. What do y'all do if y'all mama and daddy got new situations? Which step here? I don't fuck with. Now that where the favorite kicks in. I gotta include Sierra people in this too. No you don't. It's a wrap that's extended All y'all split three and three. Her mama get a cri I guess. Oh, no, no, no. I'm, I'm, I'm pulling rank. No, this is my estate. Your family is extended. Fuck them.


See, fuck them. They're not involved with this. Wow. Yeah. That is crazy. Dj. Yeah. I see y'all at family like, You know what I'm saying? Christmas. Y'all can slide. They giving fuck with me bro. You guys split it up. No. No bro, this is my stay, bro. I can't get Cheyenne the crib so I can't get my little sister crib. But then everybody else I got covered. See, look what decision you got back bro. What you should do is just have a guest house too, so anybody can come stay when they want to. Yeah. Now getting people out the guest house is gonna be a real problem. 'cause what's the, the limitations on how long stay? I think what I'm gonna do is I'll put everybody on a lease. Everybody be on a 12 month cycle. Oh no. They, they don't, they're not, not stand for free. No, no charge free or not the fuck. Oh, you putting niggas on.


I'm not saying y'all gotta pay. Not that you only gotta pay nothing but your utilities saying you No, no. He saying they're going pay a portion, nigga. At Least the property taxes, they can't play the property taxes is Mike is putting Nigga. No, they paper what I'm saying bro. It's seven of them. That is, listen, that's a 15 million problem. Let's do the numbers. I'm like, I let's do the numbers. It's a $15 million crib. Yeah. Say taxes for the year is 65,000 is more than that bro. A hundred thousand. Is that better? It's more than that. It's a not gonna be more than a hundred thousand. Nigga. My taxes was 50,000.


Yes nigga. That motherfucker is, this ain't in Meridian yield. If you got this much space, where do you think that is? It's 15 million. Bro, that's not in, you have to buy that much land bro. That house is, the property assessed around it is not gonna be that crazy. Now let's, For fun, say it's a hundred, a hundred Bed right. Divided by 12 months, right? Yeah, no divided by seven versus seven different cribs. Oh okay. So you Gonna take the big chunk though? Yeah, I'll take the bigger chunk. Okay, Okay. No, no. I'll, I'll take the bigger part. The property taxes is like 2, 2 10, 200. Say call it two 10 or what? 30,000 per house? Yeah. If it was Eagle divided by 12, divided by 12, they could figure it out.


That's a nice mortgage. Some people can't afford to nigga. And they got paid two, they gonna buy you. Fuck it. I'm gonna say where I'm at. That's a nice Morgan. Yeah. Ah, I'm cool. Yeah. Shout out to him though. Shout to him for finessing the church. Yeah bro. I don't even know what you do to get this type of money out of a church though. I always want to know how bad reach Soda Martin. Mama Payne was tripping. I used to think Pastor comes to him. My mama like this man, Boy. Y'all was putting Pastor Co just through it. I used to be like mama, I, I done donated a couple times at this church. I came back. Them pews still the same. Oh yeah. She'd be like, nah, nah, Janice mama donated too.


Lemme stop was playing Pastor Co. He start trying to joke shit, my mama gonna get mad. She gonna call me. They be watching y'all show. Oh yeah. Let me, lemme stop. I had joke lives. That's my guy. Yes. Huh? I said he lives super. Yeah, he live in Ville. Yeah. He, we love Paco man. He let every street nigga all your favorite street niggas that died had they funeral friend shit for free. Your favorite, Your favorite Trapper In their wedding? Yes. Wedding? Yes bro. The same nigga that got married in here and died at this motherfucker too. He didn't die here. Got I'm just saying when it was Tom Mama. No, he did yeah know.


Oh. Also real shit. This is RIP took his, his, his brother gonna be mad at me. But this is a real shit, bro. Went to his funeral, bro. On everything. His wedding picture, You know when they, when you die your casket, they got all your cool pictures around you. Yeah, bro. His picture from his wedding was there, bro. Sad. That is crazy bro. It's, I, I, I, I know stories like this shit and my collage make it better. Honestly. This is my time. Don't put my wedding picture up here. This is about me. Alright. This we did both go guys though. This is dark but what, what do you wanna wear? Will you, when you get fresh of your casket bro? I gotta have to put on bro. I gotta have bro, how you going sh just put up, just put a shirt on me.


The T-shirt? Yeah, that's it. I'm talking about just a t-shirt and some jeans. I'm cool. Okay. I ain't trying to get fresh. He said keep the bottom. So you just wanna act the door shirt up? Yeah. Seen 95. You just want a t-shirt? I just want a team bro. I bro, what you wear? Because that people don't sweat. But I know nigga be hot. Burn me up 95 burn up. Yeah. Prem me bro. Yeah, burn me up. I'm I'm dead. I don't give a fuck bro. No, I don't want nobody pay all that stuff for no fucking funeral. I agree bro. It's a waste of money bro. I'm dead bro. I don't care. I want my girl to kiss me on a lip bro.


She not gonna be a lip send me out here with. Put your tongue in. Gimme a little tongue dude. I'm trying to save money like I'm nothing bro. Matter of fact, and I'm gonna tell everybody before I die, I'm spending every day. If I got, if I died I got $7 million left. I swear to God and like at 94 I'm going crazy. I'm buying Lambo. I'm buying everything. I ain't leaving nothing for nobody. Gotta get how you live. What if I got some kids they gonna give, I'm gonna used to normal at that old. Damn. We gonna leave hundred bro. I ain't, my momma dad ain't get nothing. We trying to change the cycle to in pocket. He, he's outta pocket 94 bro.


You better hope you still sane to do that type of stuff. Oh, if I ain't, I'm gonna write it down. That's I I want to buy the Lamborghini. Once a motherfucker I start changing me go just yeah gimme the poison. Yeah. Nah bro, I'm, I'm trying to lift to I'm 90, I'm gonna do everything in my power. Give me the lean bro. I'm saying but what if a motherfucker gotta change you and pick you up. Right. You ain't gotta do that. Don't come over here. I mean how are you gonna function bro? Pay somebody. Yeah when I become a nuisance. But don't even my kids, I don't even know cousins no nephews, nieces. No I don't give damn who it is. I don't want nobody doing that to me bro. Lifting me up every day bro. Changing my diaper dude. Because I want, I wanna be there. I told y'all I want everybody come to my house and I just wanna talk a bunch of shit to 'em like boy you ain't gonna be worth shit.


Look at you. I just wanna sit there and just talk bad to everybody. That's no that's gonna be Mike at 91st four and he gonna be like, he gonna be like ghosts at the end of power with in the last episode. He said You know what, you always needed me. That's why he ain't gonna be shit. He disrespected everybody. That's what I, that's why T smoked that nigga. Everybody throw. Y'all ever see why I get married The nigga at the end we told at the table that's Mike at 90. Damn. I'm saying I'm gonna go crazy. That's one of the best scenes in movie history. I don't know if y'all seen the Taraji Henson movie on Netflix. Please watch it. We'll talk the next episode. It's crazy. But that's one of the best ISOs in history. He sat at that table in Eric but he's all niggas snitching on me from my side. Bitch be we gonna have a time tonight. He for the clip.


Nigga what you gonna wear though? What you wanna put on? Oh I'm gonna be 90. I I'm gonna retire my Hawks jersey. Oh yeah, go on burn that could never give it up. Wait zero W zero zero Okay. Zero B with a shirt on under and a headband ski look like that nigga been soaking in the bathtub. What a dead nigga look like with no shirt on? That nigga probably look crazy. Nigga look like dead Pull underneath that motherfucker costume nigga. I wonder why motherfuckers turned gray nigga. My uncle was gray in the motherfucker. I said damn nigga I ain't do so like that.


My uncle was light skinned man God bless his damn my uncle Kenny. I said damn. They said fuck Obama nigga look, hey man, what's wrong with you? Hey speaking of filming shit, did you see the Davis brothers joke here Allright after the fight somebody got some junk. Yeah the boxers. Oh yeah I was, I said that I said that's some Jeff and MOOC shit right there. I know for sure. Oh yeah we is no fair fight when we around y'all can cancel Christmas. If you ever Think you about a fight one oh s 1 0 1 you a damn fool and don't let our friends be there. Oh yeah but I don't, I don't, I ain't into no competition no more. No vibe now. But I thought that that was hilarious.


He's in you my brother. Yeah we gonna see you. Yeah. Facts. Did y'all get the chance to check out the bees and ly one oh one-on-one? Unfortunately I did watch that bro. Yeah it went how we expected. I knew it. It was too much fouling bro. I watched like 30 seconds bro. It was but god damn bro. Michael Beasley put on a clinic bro. When Kyrie Irv says I would never play him one-on-one, that is a sign bro. Bro too. He can do everything fucking 6 9 6 10. One of the most gifted basketball players ISO one of ones you've ever seen. Beasley is like that for sure. Yeah he he one of that get into your spot still the nigga fouling you like that bro. It is wild. Insane. But You know what, shout out to everybody who hooped the under car stuff was fire as well too.


That I know a lot of people was paying like the 10 Gs. I like the next chapter man that's dope. And that's a prime example that the NBA should adapt some of that. I'm not sure how they gonna do it but that would be dope to see 'cause you'll get some of the stars and people we don't think is all stars or superstars a chance to really show how good they are. If y'all ever got a chance to interview Adam Silver, what kind of stuff you think y'all talk to me about? About changing the Allstar game? Shit like that. It would depend upon if the Patriots win the chip or knock because if we win then You know say my question list will change. Okay, I'm gonna start there. Well I just wanna ask You know, what made you even start messing with the NBA? What, how was your journey just entering the NBA? Because I'm like how do you even sign up for something like that? I'll probably ask him more about like retired player stuff.


Mm. Like how we could do better even though I know they trying to bridge the gap like when people retire like setting up payment plans for 'em to get to they You know, their retirement money. Yeah but I was, but You know people get your pension at like 55 but niggas retire like 31. Yeah. So I'll be like man I know they got a bridge plan now but I would just wonder like what they would do different. Yeah. Oh on the same token I'd asked about the Tony Snell situation. That's like something that's very interesting. Somebody was in a unique situation that close to getting that. Especially with his, You know what I'm saying? Coming out saying he's autistic and then trying to take care of his kids with specific health plans. I would really like to see like what's the plan in motion for that.


Like you said you return, a lot of people return at 30, wait until 55. I mean of course you don't want say the mike gonna be gone but that's a long gap. That's 22 years. Yeah that's a big of a gap. Well how do you sign up just to start working with the NBA bro? Yeah. What kind of connections you gotta have? I know he got a law background for sure. I was gonna ask a few hoop he tall as hell. I know. I'm like shit, I wonder if you had a jumper back in the day. Also ask him like You know I think for me I think it should be a rule where like once you get your second contract that you like every year, whatever it is, you gotta put a million dollars in a plan. This will be mine. Like you gotta put a million dollars in that plan in an investment portfolio where it can grow over time every year.


Oh yeah. Until you retire. So if you retire with six, $7 million you can have six, $7 million to last you till you get to your pension. Yeah that's far. Yeah I, I would do that. I mean even though you got people that can do it for you financial but I'd rather it be with the NBA so You know like ain't nobody stealing from you because that's a lot of things that happen to players they get with financial advisors. They be stealing and doing all type of crazy shit. Which is crazy. Yeah. You talk about bees, You know bees deal with a lot of backdoor with his finances as well and you look at shit like Tim Duncan, like Kareem some of the best players that ever played this sport, You know got fucking robbed. Yeah. People like, like and they obviously they made millions on millions and millions but just see the greatest people of all time.


They get tricked a little bit too. Yeah. Antoine Walker's still buying all them properties and stuff but that's still a crazy story bro. Yeah. But I think that'll be, I think that'll save a lot of people and it'll help a lot of people like Yeah because you don't even know like when you playing basketball you don't notice that. You not saying if they took it from you, you wouldn't even notice it. Yeah. How we gonna take a million? Hey nobody will care. Okay. Nah. Especially if you're doing it for that. Most definitely. I think another question I ask him how he feels about the media because we've been seeing a lot of stuff going on, especially with this final series. I mean listen, I'm grateful Patience with a chip but this is lackluster shit and I don't even think it has anything to do with the team's plan.


It's like the coverage with them transitioning is just been like blah, like this don't feel like the finals. I wanted to ask you about that. Like how do y'all feel about like now not having like finals shit like on the, well that was, court was falling, not hurting themselves. Cool. I'm I'm understanding if it's for the finals court they said that the cow, yeah they say it was a, it is a hazard. I'm fine with that. Y'all be playing fast. You don't nobody get hurt. But I see y'all do advertising that you can put that shit at least for the broadcast. Maybe if it's not on the court y'all do everything else. And Toronto Rapers had a fucking hologram so they could do the fake shit. Yeah they did a hologram behind the basket, which was weird to watch. But you can do something bro. They could put the fake shit down like they was doing. But my biggest thing is like I told y'all about this series and that's not me hating the markets are so small.


Like even though it's a, it's probably the best you could get as far as basketball. Like these two teams mirror each other. It's a great basket if you are a basketball fan it's a great series to watch. Yeah. But if you just a average sports fan, it's awful. Yep. Right, because it's the market's just too million. You're not really familiar with anything in Indiana. Nope. You are not familiar with nothing with OKC. You might know the players but not really. Like people still look at LeBron as the face of the league and he is but that's what people still look at like yeah some people just like basketball 'cause they like the Lakers and Kobe Bryant, they don't know shit else and don't care, don't care about nothing else. So when I seen that it was gonna be Indiana OKC, I was like damn the ratings gonna be down.


But for basketball peers this is the best we could get even to the broadcast team. Like I know they defensive by Doris Break. It's just like shout out to Richard Jefferson. I think Richard Jefferson is dope. He's funny as shit. But like we miss the day of Mark Jackson and fucking coach and Mike Bre like those, we look for those moments. We don't got that right now. And all you get is a lot of consumers who just ba the product and then you look across the board from different media. Like y'all not watching these games. I know everybody don't watch these games as impossible but y'all don't even have the energy to like speak highly of the game. Y'all just shit on everything. It just, the NB a's changed so much. 'cause you don't have stars or stars Like, I mean like I said, when you had Kobe he was like a star of stars.


Like Yeah. If you didn't watch basketball, you still knew who Kobe Bryant was. That's a fact. Regardless of like LeBron, if LeBron was in his finals, this would be a whole different story. Yeah. Because if you don't watch basketball, you still know LeBron James is. That's a fact. And that's the thing we don't have in this now this new generation. Yeah, that is. Yeah. You gotta kind of know. Yeah you gotta, because Kobe then was in movies, TV shows, all kind of stuff. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like LeBron got Space Jam, all that shit, whatever. Yeah. But like I was thinking the other day, like if Tyrese Halliburton in the basketball world, if he got traded, would it stop everything? Like when Luca got traded? No. If SGA got traded, you think it would stop everything like when Luca got traded?


Nope. Nope. Yeah. You think it'll stop? Yeah. I don't think it'd be the same reaction. The people are OKC that big. But think about it though, how many stars have already left OKC? Yeah. If it was like the first time, bro, they didn't give a fuck really? When Ka left. Even though he went to the war, everybody was shitty that he went there. It wasn't the fact that he left there. It was fact that went war's up in Trey. SG bro. That's the MVP. I think it depends on where you go to. Because I think the Luca trade was so big, not just to Lakers, he left but because he went to the Lakers, I think it, I think him just getting traded period. Like it would've been big. It was real. It was ridiculous. Like what traded him? Yeah.


But like you said that Lakers going the Lakers LeBron, it was just like that amplified it. SGA A went to the Celtics. Yeah, it would be. You think it would be big? It would go, it would go just as big? I don't know. Depends on who they did. Like if it was like SGA for Jason Tatum, everybody be like, what the fuck? Yeah that. But I don't think it'll be a such a, I mean they'd be like, oh they, I mean I see what you saying, the trade they probably be like, I mean like this is crazy why they did that. Yeah. Like yeah, I see, I see what you're saying. It would still have those NBA world in a Yeah and a choke code choke. But when Luca got traded, this thing was like I was a global affair. Yeah This was like global and I was just wondering what that happened. And maybe that's the feeling we done got in this NBA final. Right.


That's right. Because you look at it now, bro, everybody's wondering where Kevin dur rent's about to go more than this's about to final. They look like what Cooper flag is about to do. They look like what the Spurs with number two. Pick where Giannis might go. Yeah, it's people are more Victor. When Miano went and kicked it with the monks and shave his head niggas is like, oh he about to kill next year. Like yeah, all the things, the off season, I'm telling you whoever wins it don't matter if it's Pacers or okay c the next week that shit gonna be out the cycle bro. They like, all right Summer League what cool flag about to do? Yeah they kind, they kind of shitted on this finals and it's, it's nasty as a person who loved Ball, it's like damn man this is like, this is good shit. But it's just not the right markets. Yeah it is the pinnacle, bro. Like this is supposed to be, they treating this shit like All Star weekend bro. It is. I've been there though. 'cause our finals was like that when it was US, Milwaukee and Phoenix.


Yeah it, it was the same kind of situation. And that was good bro. That was good basketball. Yeah. But it was only like, it was only fire to people who watch basketball. Yeah. Like it was only good. Like we didn't, it wasn't lit. He saying there ain't too many of these dudes walking outside now and everybody going crazy. Hell nah. It wasn't lit. But like I played with Lynn Sanity. I told y'all that's how I thought the finals was about to be like Lynn Sanity. Yeah. Like when I tell you it was damn there 700 cameras under the room when he was just warming up. That's what I thought when I seen the final like we gonna go to the finals like nigga I'm gonna get an endorsement deal just for being on a team. Yeah. Yeah. That shit was not like that nigga we was walking that motherfucker.


I'm like dude this feel like damn feel like regular practice man. It's a couple more interviews for people. He was damn there like, like Mike though. He was just so popular. Yeah. Ain't nobody been bigger than that bro. He had a T ball like run bro. Yeah. Like nobody's been that big. That might not ever happen again. And You know what's nasty? That's the reason why I've been complaining about tickets. I know it's the finals but bro it feels like a Tuesday game in Gaines Bridge bro. Why am I paying five more times for this bro? This is crazy. Y'all don't even wanna gas the product enough for me to feel like I'm getting my money's worth. Yeah, that's where I agree with you on that. Like yeah, like y'all not even Anthony. Yeah. You go watch first take. Niggas like oh yeah, that's cool. All right man. What the Cowboys gonna do? Like god damn it's not talking about, and when I was talking about Aren Rogers more than they was talking about the game, I was like damn, that's crazy.


Disgusting bro. Honor the game man. It's a lot of people who give a fuck about the game that y'all don't highlight. Man, we gotta look into that more for sure. But I do think KD about to be a Spur. I think that's that that that he do that. He going, that's gonna fuck up. Katie gonna be a spur and they gonna keep the two pick and it's gonna go crazy. Oh yeah. That's gonna destroy the NBA. It's gonna make it fun though though. That be fire. Gonna make it fun. Y'all bring the energy back bro. Devin Booker is rumor to get an extension for two years. That's over a hundred plus. It's looking at it possibly like about 1 20, 1 25. I love it. I should sit down. I am a, I'm a son for life. Yeah. Yeah. I love that. I I seen that the Detroit Pistons are going, going after Miles Turner.


Yeah, they, the phone is broke. Stop calling. No it's not. But he a free agent. The phone is broke. It ain't he free. That's what I'm saying bro. It's not K Cunningham with Miles Turner. I like it. I don't like the energy. I like after we win a chip we gonna pay miles a hundred mil for three years. Yeah. To you already say we won the luxury to pay him regardless. That ain't gonna be enough money. If y'all want a chip oh miles, a hundred million for three years, that ain't gonna be enough boy Miles. You don't even like Coney dolls like that bro. You not don't like it's the same place we can get you the loves here my nigga. Detroit and Indianapolis the same, not the real ones. Detroit. Mike got the real was he here? We can, we can make it happen. Nah bro. Them fake the Tmobile bus. Yeah, he technically ain't bus because see I told you, I ain't gonna say what they Versace with today.


I mean nah it's still Cartier but it's just old Buffalo. It's cool shit. Mike tmo.com $31. Respect. Yeah. Shipping included. If he go there though, it's the same type of weather. Oh it's the same shit. Yeah, but if he get a four year deal they gotta pagers have to pay for 1 25 4 years. 1 25 for miles. Yeah. Come on bro. We got, we got some, You know what I'm saying? We got some. You gonna have some here. Give Miles, give Miles Turner 150 million bro. Mm. Listen you are fucking up our salary cap. No, give him one 50 or let him go be happy. Honestly, if we win a chip you go get one 50. I'm not mad bro. It's time for him to cash in bro. It it is time bro.


Time to catch one 50 right now. He is deserving of that bro. He about to be 30. It's time to catch. Y'all trying to stress me out bro. I'm trying when this shit can be happy. Y'all trying to tell me I got half Bryan is my starting five next year, bro. Chip or not bro. Chip or not? Y'all gotta pay Miles bro. Yeah, chip or not Y outta pocket. If he going to Detroit, Jalen drum better be a pacer. That's all I'm gonna say. I don't even like this talk. But if he's going to Detroit then Jalen dur has to be Pacer bro. Thomas, Bryan, you the new starter. Hey my nigga Thomas Bryant, corner three specialist bro. Good. I will not speak no more. Ain't gonna sign Thomas Brian to a three year 12. Oh Thomas bro. Get your three year 25. He can get the three years 12 in Detroit. I love that. Him and Isaiah Stewart would be great. Fives for that team.


Nah bro. My mine's going to Detroit. Nah, mines ain't gonna that be fired though. What wouldn't y'all give one 50 DJ like where's the beef? 3 1 50. Did you see what we for four years? Do you see what we pay everybody else in our team? Aren. Nesmith is a guy's gift bro. We pay him about 15 a year. 11 Levy Excuse? Yeah. Nihart is what? 1819. And they're both locked in for the next three years? Two? No, his contract kicked in next year. Oh okay. But he signed a, he's trying a very team friendly deal. I think it's like 16. Yeah it is very, very affordable. My nigga OB took, You know what I'm saying? Nice little cut to stay with the gang bro. We can't pay you more than Tyrese or Pascal. He ain't pay me more than Tyrese. Tyrese 200.


Yeah but one 50 is tough bro. He gonna get like 1 25 though. He deserve it though. On me. He deserve it. You put a banner up bro. You've been the consummate professional. All the shit you had to deal with and put somebody of your name when we had you and S bonus together, knowing y'all didn't like each other, he deserved to get paid for sure. He a hundred mil for sure. Been a great teammate, great locker room guy did bro held down the franchise. Had him been trade rumors every day. Literally bro. I remember going into that practice facility like I fuck with my, that's when I really started tapping with him. I said bro, they put you on a train block every year bro. And it's not your fault bro. Like come on man. Now what? What y'all want me to do now man, pay my money. That nigga Navy Yorkman said yeah we don't really need Miles Turner. That's just a hey. Yeah get this is niggas fuck outta here.


He got fired in year one. He started Whiling bro. Yeah, I remember y'all did have that coach. Yeah, Nate York and bro, he fucked everything up bro. That's the real reason why Vic got the linter he got. People don't know that bro. They was dealing with a psychopath coach Bill left. He fucked up everything in that organization bro. Oh, Billy Bayno? Yeah bro. That was, that's my, he called me the other day. I can't talk about that on camera. But that's the reason why Bill Banno left bro. 'cause Borkin was on some fuck shit. Bill Banno, he called me one of the best defensive coaches in the NBA bro. His assistant bro. Fucking it up. Hold on. No, not Billy. Hold on. You talking about damn Burke. Burke was gone. Yeah, Burke bottom Billy Nigga. That's my nigga. Both of 'em. But Bill left too. Bayo was a, Ben Bayo called me.


He, he's a crazy, crazy motherfucker man. He's solid. I fuck with him bro. He's in Miami Wild shouts the Billy Beo man. Hey he is a wild boy man. Yeah, he be sending me clips on a podcast like look at this shit like hey, he was a wild boy boy. I know we got it out here but you see that the Thet far came straight from up top. Dolan said no, no, no. Nah. Leon watch out. Yeah, stick the fuck outta here. Damn that was all Dolan. Yeah that was, that was a Dolan call. They said Dolan said, I'm not talking nobody about this because You know you can't fire a coach without told Yeah. Yeah he Dolan said no. Damn. I heard the other players was like, some of the players said they wasn't gonna play for him. And that's crazy bro. Like bro, he didn't play job a thousand minutes bro.


I've never complained about being in the game. At least you gonna get paid fucking with Tib. That's what I was, I'll give you a chance. Wow. Man, I wish I would've caught ts when I was like 26, 27. Yeah, well should have been different. Yeah. What you gonna play 40 minutes a game? You gonna get some stats fool? Yeah, if you look at the, the Tree of Contracts paid from Ts, bro. I better not see no s much on Tibs name bro. Oh, you can't say nothing wrong with Tib with me. Tib changed my life. No facts, but I I see though. Why You know some players just can't adapt to that though bro. But y'all was saying you need to switch it up, You know what I mean? So they probably feel like how You know how y'all felt about it? T just needed an offensive coordinator.


Mm. That's all. Come be a defensive coordinator for us bro. We love you all. I need offense. Come turn up bro. Offensive coordinator. You and Rick Carlisle bro. Y'all, y'all will create happy. I don't see, I don't see him sitting down so T Bro, you got 30 men coming to you. Man. Relax man. I'm gonna call you. Be like Jeff, you're a fucking guy. We need to talk about me on that fucking show. I fuck with tears man. They were just like, we don't want Jaylen Bruss to get hurt like e row. That's a lot of people say they like we don't want him to run JB into the ground. I'm like man, what y'all want man? Yeah. Y'all think they gonna keep OG Rick on the staff man. Yeah, I've been seeing a locker room. Said they invite said he had a too big of a voice in the locker room. I'm like yeah, he the best player of daddy nigga he supposed to have pop his shit. That's interesting.


I don't know. I don't, I You know they my guys so. Oh yeah, I know. You know gonna Mob top for sure. Yeah, I ain't gonna do that but I hope he's still around. I ain't gonna never try to get nobody. I'd love to see him on the stand or if he ain't shit, go somewhere immediately and take Jelly with you. Keep him because that's the thing with you. Yeah. Y'all gonna play all. Nah Jalen go ahead and pull your right bro. No, he was firing to coach your son though. Yes bro. In the N-B-A-I-I hate daddy ball like with just amateur shit, but like in the NBA, so watch your son put on the performance like there every day. I gotta, we gotta interview Rick. I'm gonna wait. I'm gonna wait till all this shit da down. I'm gonna call Rick and just be like we need talk. Yeah, I haven talk to him about that video too. Oh yeah? Yeah. We haven't talked about the video. Video Geo show. Hey CJ Miles shot a message. Tap in Brody.


You know what time it is. We gonna see CJ's coming on show He yeah, he texted me. He told me he was gonna come on the show. Yeah, he pulled up. I mean he hot ass on the Twitter streets also. I was in spaces with Joe today. Shout to my dog button. He said he ready to be here. He said he been, he been in the gym, You know what I'm saying? He ain't smoking no more. He said he ready. You know what I'm saying for this ones, what's up? He trying to be sober now. He ain't smoked a lot of shit. It's probably still in him don't you? What? Don't leave. I told you what, don't leave you. I'm good. I good nigga. The B here button was is on the way for sure. Man. That is hilarious. I'm gonna kick his ass bro. I can't wait till we go to New York so we can set that up though.


Yeah. Oh yeah. We to New York soon, huh? Yeah, weeks. Y'all think we can set it up with Juan for him and Joe? That's we trying to do. Oh yeah. Jadakiss wanna a workout too. Oh yeah. Jada Kit said he, he wanted to put y'all through the workout. Who Js doing? I'm not doing it. I'm not doing that. We do everything else though. You can do most stuff now. You've been working out for four months now. I know I can do it a little bit but nah, nah, I'll work out with you. That'd be far sure.


Alright man. Be here before we get outta here. Tell the people they can grab some merch at Shop Club. Five twenty.com Baby. Come on. Tap in man. One time for Boost Mobile. We appreciate y'all. Y'all know the boss man. $25 first three months is how many be in $15 baby? Tap in Nationwide. 5G. Shout out to Boost Mobile man. We appreciate y'all. We'll be back next time. Club five 20, The volume.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute Season one taser Incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast, sir, Last year. A lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. It is kind of star studded a little bit. Man. We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen To new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Saud, CEO of Tuby. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to Good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Sarah Spain, host of Good Game with Sarah Spain and the co-author of the new book Runs in the Family, an incredible true story of football, fatherhood and belonging. Written with and about Las Vegas Raiders Running Backs, coach Delan McCullough. It's the story of a football coach and father of four who sees his life forever changed by the unsealing of his adoption records. And it's got a twist you won't believe based on the viral ESPN story I did a few years ago. This book will blow your mind and bring you to tears by runs in the family wherever books are sold. This is an iHeart podcast.