
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Okay? Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


Welcome to the W where elite athletes are redefining the game of basketball. From buzzer beating shots, jaw dropping defense and logo threes. The WNBA delivers nonstop action and world class talent every game. These athletes don't just play the game they elevated. The New York Liberty are the reigning champions and the Golden State. Vals are the newest team to join the league since 2008. This season will be the first with Kelsey Plum on the Los Angeles Sparks, jewel Lloyd on the ACEs and Alyssa Thomas in Phoenix. Whether you're a lifelong basketball fan or new to the game, the WNBA invites you to be a part of something bigger. Catch live games. Follow your favorite teams at witness history in the making. Watch the WNBA this season on A-B-C-C-B-S-E-S-P-N Ion and Prime starting May 16th.


Let your imagination take flight with an AI powered PC from Lenovo. Whether it's creating digital art, designing new software, or building a portfolio for a future career. RPCs are powered by Intel core Ultra processors to help students unlock smarter learning and unleash their creativity. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel inside, all you have to do is choose the one that fits your passion. Head to lenovo.com to shop A I PCs and find your perfect companion. Plus get 5% off when you create an education account


At Designer Shoe Warehouse. We believe that shoes are an important part of well everything. Everything from first steps to first dates, from all-nighters to all time personal best. From building pillow forts to building a life, Building life for all the big and small moments that make up your whole world. DSW, DSW is there. There. And we've got just the shoes. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love at brag worthy prices at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


The Volume Blending vice's signature Dynamic storytelling with the high octane world of sports. Vice Sports brings an exciting and diverse range of programming that goes beyond the game. Catch action packed live events and exclusive sports documentaries and profiles only on Vice tv.


All right man, we back live in Vegas Club five 20. This is a special, special episode. Long way episode. Y'all been asking for it. It's fucking time man. We got a special guest to my left. We gonna introduce him last. You know who it is, but we gonna treat you like family anyway. Like a guest to my far left, my dog Bishop. Be here out the prayer at least how you wasn't nasty. What's up man? Let's get to it man. We in Vegas with it. Y'all see the background? Nice view. Come on. You see the obvious Man we got, we got your first artist man on the show today. Yeah. My first artist seven 20 deal. You too. If you are an aspiring artist, you could be in his position. Man. The legendary before coulda been records.


It was UR Records. Yeah. Hit T. Hit T. You gotta get my chain now. Nah. Or a chain yet. You ain't worked harder. You ain't, you ain't worked Harder. Can't recoup yet. Feel like I I some shoes though. I bought him some shoes nigga. No, didn't, that was a sound boat of some shoes. Shoes. Yeah. I bought him some shoes out. A feature. Shout the feature. I bought some shoes. Oh shit. You did. I did Did, I did. I did. Yeah. I was a signing bonus. He got me some black forces y'all. No I didn't. Gimme the white. No, no I didn't. I got you some shoes that you really wanted and actually it wasn't even force. What's the drink? So you was tricking on? Yeah, I was tricking on it. It's a token. You know how motherfucker they did I talking, You know how they do TLC? Come on. He can't get the the R four on the way he did.


That car is in the shop. So the RAV4 on the way. Oh me. He gonna turquoise. So we got it together to the pay shop shot with Makos. Oh, the R four away bus down R four deal to my right. My dog, young Nacho, young Teague. He what? Chilling bro. I, I appreciate the feasts today man. Yeah. Be here and got on the, the Icy Whites. Yeah. That boy got on no rare threes. Ain't that what they're called? Yeps guc, Gucci flip flops. I might fuck your bitch in some Gucci flip flop. You know what I'm saying? Went in Vegas for sure. Seen in four. This is, it is Quality kicks today bro. And they ain't the old, they ain't the new ones either. You know what I'm saying? He aint nah, them ain't the newest ones. Nah, I don't know man. He just, You know, it's just vibes man.


What's up man? Listen man, long go the episode y'all been asking for, here we are. The origin, the man behind the camera. We gonna get to the beginnings. The one only freaky Mike in the building, my dog. How you what this is how You know we getting desperate. We on this side of the camera. No we ain't. We ain't, we ain't getting desperate. Desperate. We're desperate. It's just the people been asking for this and it's time to come share your truths. Yes. And y'all lies and your journey. No, no lies. We just wanna know the people wanna know, You know what I mean? Like Adam 22 got from behind the camera and started podcasting and then he started his other career. You went the other way. You started like Adam 22. Yeah. You was Adam 22. Yeah.


You was the first Adam. Yeah. You was a real reporter. I would never let my wife participate. Hold on. We didn't say your wife was part of it. No, I'm just saying like if I'm too, I would never No, nobody said nobody hung wood in Sierra for your liking. Yes. It's different. We talk about, we talk about you shooting content, just being who you are. I just, I don't like Adam 22 comparison. I didn't like that at all. That's a nasty bitch. That's a bad verse. That's that a bad verse. It was. That was a hell of a name to say. But you like the producer that want to come out and You know, come out and sing now. You know what I'm saying? Okay. Yeah. You, you you the dream. The dream first. That's perfect. Okay. Yeah. Well first of all, let's start with since this is the origin story, I didn't wanna be your producer.


That's a fact. That's a fact. And we did not take no for an Nancy. I did not want be here now. But we're here did not take no for an Nancy. We're here. So yeah, I think once Jeff told you your percentage, that kind locks you in a little more. I don't get paid enough still to this day. I feel like while we're on record mind y'all, I'm gonna tell y'all fuck him talking. No, no, no, no, no, no. This is equally yolked. No we're not. No we're not. Yeah, it's, we're not. It literally is, it's literally equal everything. So y'all know our business. So since niggas always wanna throw everything under the bus, I'm telling 5 25. I know which camera is mine because all of them, all of them, I'm over here. I don't know where my 25 being because if I had 25% of, well if you go to the taxes that we did, we did the tax.


It was like I, I think your payment was 280 tax lawyer, two shots. Jerry you did get that 2 85. Yeah. I feel like if I got paid that much money I would have an ankle Cuban. And was that before or after the bonus? Yeah, that was after the bonus. No, that was before the bonus. But you did, instead of buying an ankle, which you bought a house. No, a building, no apartment complex. Oh I went to LSA and got my shit outta that way. Nah, first of all Ls, RIS is dead get, and I know Sierra got half for sure. That's, she actually took 80%. I believe that, first of all, that's not even a joke. Nah, for real. That's, that's how he living. Shout out to the household. 80% of everything I make. Can you kind of give our viewers like just a background what you did before the pod?


So I was a photographer. I did not take pictures of women with cupcakes. That's a lie. That's a lie. I did it one time. Oh it was one time. What was the cupcake place? So she wanted the ice, the, the shit owner nipples like the cover the nipple. Right. It is a trial going on about that. I mean she asked for, he wanted something else on the, You know that shit when the girl trying to steal this shit out, the rubber the, what's it called, the Turkey Mexican. So if you ever shot with me, You know I don't, I don't do the oil, I don't do the, the icing like they gotta do all that stuff they self, I'm like oh invite a friend to do all the, oh, I don't do none of that.


But yeah, it was just icing on the nipples. So I was a stripper photographer. Strippers paid my bills for like three years and then I realized that Queens, I can't be a progressive person like that. I can't be productive. Yeah. With strippers paying my bills. So I ended up being a a real estate agent. Well I mean most people pay strippers bills and they paid your bills. That's hell of a for sure. But he started taking pictures of bitches with crossing they arms and yeah I started taking the headshot pictures. Right. White shirt business, the bench. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody real estate pictures. Yeah. I ain't mad at that. But now he didn't put my nephew on that. So now my nephew take off the stripper pictures. Yeah, we had to get to the origin store because now Malcolm's on the team now and he's under your tool and we had to figure out, You know what I'm saying, what was really going on.


I seen him buffing out some ass the other day. Pull that nigga bitch had dicks everywhere he was, he was taking, I was like damn, get that motherfucker hell down. Don't take the hell damage nigga natural. Yeah. Get a, get a photographer some game Mike on like the editing process. Like do you request or do you ask the girls like, hey it's d it up back there, do you want this in the picture or how do they come to you and say So me personally, all jokes aside, I was a real professional photographer. No. Right. So like I never was like, oh you, you ugly or are you built bad? You need to change this. I make make you make, I make my client ask me to fix it. Like you came in knowing you was fat. Like you asked me to trim you down a little bit.


If you came in 2 25, I'm going to edit the picture. You at 2 25 are you show, I'm not saying 2 25 is fat. 'cause if you Oh that's big baby. A lot of girls is 5 2 2 25 you two if you respect measurements, if you fall 2, 2 25 in my picture, you gonna look 5 2 2 25. Unless you say I wanna be 5, 2, 1 50 man, God damn listen you go shave off a whole hundred. I feel like they go to Miami all the time and they pay tens of thousands of dollars. You could come to me for a smooth 500. I'll trim you down for all your Instagram. Well when you in person now? Yes. Damn. So you're the reason why niggas be getting mad when they meet women in person.


I, I, I catfish king For sure, for sure. You tricked the whole sunset. Hold on. You pulled the sunset was like that. That whole group was probably some of my top hand clients. You pulled a girl down 75 pounds. I have before. Got rid of wrinkles. Damn. Got got rid of the the ha damage. So if you just want a regular picture added some nail polish, you a regular picture is this price added nail polish added the nail before. Then if you want the nail damage and all that removed, that's a whole nother price. Yeah that's a whole different package. 'cause now you making me really work now you trying to look like Beyonce. Damn. Okay. It's it's not so off the drill you say but like, hey this your picture like you cool with this And knowing that they like are you really cool with this?


'cause like you said, you ain't giving 'em no advice but they still wanna bust down. So I I what I do is I send 'em the proof. Right. So the thing that come out of the camera is what you look like the camera does add 10 pounds. So if you 2 25 you 2 35 pounds. Oh Lord. So, and I just say gimme any notes on anything you want me to change or fix. That's your opening. So if you like I want to be a little slimmer, I'm gonna say how slim you say you got some, you got these bags under your eyes. I'm gonna say all you want me to erase 'em or you mean lighten them up a little bit? Damn they left you, they left you your leave out kind of fuck up on this side. You want me to fix that or do you like that hair too? You busting outta middle parts. Listen man, this nigga Mike do hair. They gonna, they gonna pay, they gonna pay your hairstylists two, $3,000 to have your shit fucked up.


Get me the 500. I'm gonna spend 15 minutes getting your edges together and we smooth. Nah, I ain't trusting Instagram. Yeah, nah, that's that's crazy bro. That's crazy. So what about the video work though? The video? You can't do that in videos. That's why like at first I didn't do videos 'cause I couldn't cheat. Like I can't make you look better in videos. Oh okay. If you, you, you, you, you ain't no filters. Yeah. Ain't no, I mean you could put some filters on there but you just going to change the color. You ain't gonna really look better. So you gonna go Sammy Sosa but that, that body's still what it is. Yeah. You going, you gonna be body gonna be bodying here. 2 25 gonna be 2 35 no matter what. Exactly. Well that's RA five too.


All head shots. Respect. Yeah. So what's the process with the video world though? The pro? So I really, honestly y'all, I didn't like doing video like y'all made me do the video shit. Yeah like I had, I did videos for myself because I was trying to build my clientele. I was trying to do more of like the real estate investing side of things. So I was creating videos for myself so I knew how to do it. So you never shot a short film? No, I've directed films before. Oh, what kind of films? Oh this the word is I've only directed like business, business like business. Oh define business. That is a, that is a business that, see if Biddy would've did that, it would've been a business could been a write off.


Think went Indiana by the way we can't shoot those type of things in. Wow. So he had a l years ago. My L is based Delaware. Wow. Wow. That PO box. So basically it was like my dog that had sister wives in Maine. I mean where he at? Wyoming. Wyoming. Well I say Utah. No, somebody wrote me and said bro they lived in Utah too bro. You wasn't wrong. I knew that shit. I So you can't take that shit on the road man. Take polygamy only in Wyoming. That's illegal there too. So he go in all 50 states. I thought it said it was cool there. No he might be.


That's what this nigga was all but it's not okay there. He made it cool. Nah. So what's that transition from doing photos, short films professionally to working with us three doing this now. What's the difference? So I used to have a lot smoother days. Less headaches, less issues. People responded to my text messages back then. I don't do that shit. My life was easier before y'all. Yeah. Like but was it funner though? Eh? Hell nah. Nigga didn't do shit. Mm, I didn't have to do shit. I think was the best part. Before y'all you was retired? I was retired. Yeah.


But no, now I guess it's cool. Like y'all all really get on my fucking nerves. Let's talk about that part. Okay. Who get on your nerves. We hear all y'all. Who's the worst though? It depends on what, what my stress is. That day. Like today, DJ didn't show up to the airport until it was time to get on the plane. Literally he, I was freaking out 'cause he's known to miss flights. I'll miss one flight in my life and you've been late to a lot of, but I get on there just fine. I got in my seat and had a blast. He was, I saved my boy seat too as the responsible person on this podcast. It just stresses me out sometimes when nigga don't show up to the airport. So DJ be late. What? Be him DJ be late. But he ain't just argue about every fucking thing and he wrong. True and he be wrong.


Like what the fuck hell wrong. We, what are we, what are we doing? He he be hella wrong. My mama. My mama don't be wrong. That's weird. And then like he really try to stand on shit that he the most wrong about. Yeah, I really, that's what he yelling. Well I'm not y do on my, my podcast. I really don't. I really stand wrong. Don't baby yelling. No y'all, y'all just don't see both sides of it. You I'm a two-way player. No, no, I'm a two-way player. You can't say that. Oh yo Koala her NBA only. Not none is off course. Shit. A y'all niggas think one way I'll just, I'll just brawn it up bro. Like nah we could do this too.


So Yeah. Honestly there's nothing funnier than the mic and be him back and forth. That shit be hilarious. Oh, classic. Yeah. That's how he became my artist though. But now I see how I beat mill feel. I mean how Rick Rossville will Meek Mill was getting outta line like, You know, like I brought you in this world. I can get you outta here. Like, and I feel like Michael lot but did y'all ever see like Rick Roth baby mama talk about Kanye? Yes bro. I ain't bro. Tia came as a goat. I bro, so bro with her bro, we her on the pot. She need to bag it from that table. Now she's fucked up. She's fucked up. I ain't laughing at the kids, but why would you say that?


Man, she's fucked up. I, I was laughing bro. I, You know. No, she's probably top three funniest personally bro. She's so wrong with man. For sure. No bro. Bro. That's her bro. Nah, but I'm really the most easy going outta all four of us. You gotta get me that mic. Nah, I am. Hold on. How am I difficult? Go ahead brother. So I'll say on some real shit bro. When it comes to decision making be here, Mike be the easiest person to sway. I'm still in reasonable situations. Yes. And I am the easiest person to call when you need something. Yes. Because you actually pick up the phone.


I'll give y'all that. I ain't picking up shit. Alright, so this nigga over here though, like, so say his name Jeffrey. Okay. DJ stresses me out because like he just, he just be in la la land sometimes dj, he just be gone mentally sometimes. Hell no. We just be having a lot of conversations that don't amount to like submissive answers. So I just won't waste my time. So everybody's gonna have a good, that's what, so he be, he on the fence so much. I'm like bro, if you just tell me your answer, we there. Yeah. Like we there. Okay, I get you that like, he just be like, oh, now the counter to that is times got no answers. You won't make an answer, will be not have a conversation.


Then we have a conversation. Go. Yeah. Be like Mike, don't ask the question, just say what we doing. He'd be like, how y'all feel? Oh well here we go because DJ snapped on you last week. Did not, did he did not. I didn't say he did that. You could just say what you want. I was over there. Roll. DJ didn't speak his mind that day. I was respect. Yeah, because he don't do that. Okay. I was like, okay, I respect DJ his mind today. I'm on that shit. What's funny? So DJ's cool with whatever. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. For the most part. Good. But Jeff, like, I think the scariest part is like, not even scary. I'll be right about everything.


No, you want to quit every time something don't go right. I do. You be like, I'm not showing up today. The fuck. Like I'm, I'm not just gonna, I'm not respond to text for three days. Yeah. He pulled up. Y'all me calling up, y'all called me the Divo and I'm glad this is going out to the world. I promise it's a thousand percent. No. No. Funny shit. But Diva just mean like the most like needed like it's him. That's sounds fucking lie. I agree. Real shit. I'm the easiest, I'm the easiest one because Mike, Mike manages us to say the least. But I promise Jeff is the probably the most difficult one to like how get to do any fucking thing. How, and this shows because, so like I got all the ideas.


You do have a lot of ideas. I would say, I would say 95% of all the great things that club Fall 20 does. Jeff is gonna say he, he came up with a thousand percent. And even if that's true, that's fine. I I gonna say I didn't say that but it comes to like factual. But when it comes to like doing shit, Mike no you be, this is your part. No, no, go ahead. Get your shit off. You're hundred percent right. Just the nigga is just not, he don't be there all the time. Yeah, I do hold, first of all, I at every single thing, I don't miss nothing. But you don't want, so there's a difference. There's a difference. There's a you Think you show up. I do.


Fuck me. He always wants to be there. Facts. Facts. That's a lie to. So we ain't did that was a lie. We ain't do playback. We lost playback because of you. What person to we didn't lose playback. We stopped shout to playback. We back playback. Playback because of y'all. No, he the one said, damn, this shit is kind of long, like three times a week. I didn't say three times a week. Then the nigga said, who said I'll do it three times a week. When you said that after this, I said if I can do it from the crib, I'm cool. After you said I don't wanna do it three times, I'm good. Mike did say we can do it at the crib, but that's just one example.


We love playback. We just give y'all shots to the game. Nah, for sure. We love playback. First of all. I'm like, he is. I'm the easiest going person. No you not bro. Us flying today. Oh, let's talk about the fucking flights. The flights, the rooms. The rooms. Yeah. The Ubers fool. Why y'all wanna treat yourself like second class or something? We don't get paid that much money. It's a fucking lie. Boy, I I do shit. No fucking I agree. I don't want ride the back. I don't wanna stay at three stars. No, I wanna stay at five. Look at this view. Look at this room. This shit nice. That's how I like it. I Hey, that's one thing y I'ma do this 3.9 star. Yeah, that's what, hey, one thing I'm gonna do, I'm gonna ride cool and I'm gonna live Cool.


Like I'm gonna lay my head down, feel comfortable. Nah, I don't complain about nothing else bro. That's something I complain about. Nah, that's not true. What else I complain about, bro? What we have to do sometimes. Fuck, if you, if you could ride on this bitch in a private jet, stay in this in every city we in, you will still find something to complain about. That's a lie. When we gotta do something, he's gonna complain, he's gonna do it. And then if he don't go exactly right, he's gonna say, I told you, told you y'all I always be right. Always be right. Always gonna show up. But that he ain't never gonna show up every time I always be right. Which is the the point y'all like I I I don't never say that.


I be like look, I never say that that's the be I mean it, it worked out and I no I didn't Like niggas ain't been back around the block. I don't wanna say who aint came back around, but y'all sure enough do. No, no. They gone. We have nice drinks. I nigga that was one time. Oh my god. It's every time tequila morning. Yeah. Shout out to Grand Carino and, and everybody else out there. But the fuck this, this nigga is definitely the most difficult. DJ is definitely the whatever y'all want to do. That's me. DJ always sends in the group text, whatever for the team. Yeah, he's one of those guys. That's what I do though.


But DJ does not respond until everybody responds and then he says okay. Which is to me though is the problem though. Yeah because DJ and I, I tell people all the time, like everybody's like, oh Jeff is the most important person on the podcast. And I'm like debatable. People come to see Jeff on the podcast. People stay to watch Behe on the podcast. But I don't think neither one of you niggas could do the podcast if d like by yourselves


from the play games all the way to the finals, now is the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase scorer. Ready to place your first bet? Download draft King Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download a Draftking sports book app and use promo code club five 20. That's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resorting Kansas 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself. So we all made mistakes, right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do but we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Welcome to the W where elite athletes are redefining the game of basketball. From buzzer beating shots, jaw dropping defense and logo threes. The WNBA delivers nonstop action and world-class talent every game. These athletes don't just play the game they elevated. The New York Liberty are the reigning champions and the Golden State IES are the newest team to join the league since 2008. Watch the WNBA this season on A-B-C-C-B-S-E-S-P-N ion and Prime starting May 16th.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants assistants switch you to Mint mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com hosting seasons.


Here are your Windows guest ready early access to blinds dot com's. Memorial Day Mega sale is on now. Save up to 40% SITEWIDE and get a free measure blind.com invented a better way to shop for custom window treatments. 100% online with upfront pricing. No showroom markups, no pushy salespeople in your home. Whether you're a DIY warrior prefer the white glove treatment or somewhere in between. blinds.com can help. Our design experts can help you make the perfect selection on your schedule. Plus we can even handle everything from measure to install style. Every room effortlessly with classic shutters for living spaces, blockout for bedrooms, motorized options for ease, shades for your patio. Two with over 25 million windows covered and 40,005 star reviews. blinds.com is the trusted name in custom window treatments. All backed by our 100% satisfaction guarantee. Early access to blinds dot com's Memorial Day mega sale is happening now. Shop and save up to 40% sitewide plus a free measure at blind stock com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Yeah. Or judging each other without DJ controlling the podcast. I think the way it's perfectly yolked Yeah. Is just, it's just meant to be. I I agree. Yeah. But the difference between y'all is like, I'm a perfectionist so that's why y'all think I complain a lot. I just like perfection. That's been my, that's like me my life. Like I like I got, y'all know I got OCD and all that shit so everything gotta be perfect. Like this nigga here. Look, I, I give y'all a prime example last night. I always complain about the audio about the morning show. Right. We, I was gonna move to that but good shit. But I do get to the fans. I y'all complain about the audio, the show now I want y'all to complain to my face. Yeah but the audio on the morning show is bad.


Oh damn. So I think like I'm a perfectionist so it's like I get, I, I understand people enjoy the morning show. They like it but I'm like we can make it better and can we do this? Can we do that? And y'all be like, oh here goes Jeff. Because I say it in a fucked up way. I know I do. I'll be like this shit trash bro. That should be funny. I feel like at this point we all know each other's personalities enough to know like where nobody's offended the hate is coming from. Yeah, no, yeah but I'm saying like we like I don't know about the Club five 20 dms. I don't be on that page. So y'all be talking to these niggas but we get like texts and dms like just about, You know, sometimes the audio and we being transparent.


This is a transparent show today. Like a pivot. What do you think it is? Yeah, what my Yeah he's definitely Michael Beasley. What? Don't cry nigga. What do you think we could do to advance the morning show on some real shit? Me? Yes. What do I Think you, because we don't know. I think if y'all talking see y'all mics directly, the audio would sound that much better. Mm. I think MOOC was probably the best thing that happened to the morning. Sh and of agreed. Who? I wonder who said nevermind that was that one of 95% moment. Who? Who said that? That Jeff wants to claim.


I think it'll be a difference if we put Marcus on a show from five oh oh. He said this. Malcolm did say this. He said that. Oh did I? Fuck. Wait, wait. Who said let's do a morning show Gilbert Arenas. Get the fuck Fuck outta here was me low key? No boy, it was literally me. He says I need to do extra, I need to do more content. You need to be doing live. Literally doing live. He said literally arena love arenas. Thank you for the game. I literally said I think we should make a morning show. When did you say that nigga?


I said that before we even seen Gilbert or that was the first thing I said. I said we make a morning show like we can, we could compete with people that'll watch us in the morning. I was like we gotta make more content and y'all won't know what they said. We don't get paid enough money, do that shit. I still don't get to pay enough money. And I said, You know what, let's pitch it so nigga fuck y, he got his daughter operations fucked up. So I think he do. But did I not? You did say all my mama. It's definitely his idea. You definitely said all of that. But 95 all the ideas and shit, we let him get his shit off. But that idea a thousand percent is yours. It's a thousand yours. True. It's, it's bro. Also Mo being on the morning show has been phenomenal.


It's been a great addition to the game. But I do wanna say too though, Mo being on the the morning show in his position that he is in now was not the original idea but it's not, he was supposed to do a college segment at first, just a year. It just worked so well that it became more permanent. So even though it was your idea, it kind of just naturally grew into what it is now. Yeah because his his idea, you didn't vision it like it. He didn't because Jeff's original idea was like Mo knows college, he mastered college, let him come in here and go crazy about college. Mo came on later on to the pod around tournament time. So we gonna remix it next year and he gonna speak the whole time on, You know what I mean?


NCA but that was bro's original idea. Yeah, that's so to get Luke on the show for but for is he's us. Now I I wanna ask Mike this question because I know outside, I mean he does majority of this. I do a small percentage of it. Who was the most annoying or we can't say, well what was the most annoying situation we had to deal with? Because I know especially early on we had so many fucking phone calls with people and a whole lot of shit that didn't make a lot sense waiting a whole bunch of time shit. What was the funniest or what was the most annoying or most memorable point? Y'all know I'm a super transparent person so I don't really give a fuck. Yeah, fuck it. It was Gilly last week.


Well two weeks ago, three weeks ago. I don't give a damn. Oh well shit, we here, we here. Listen, I love, I love Gilly because now we, we had a understanding. Ain't see that journey right on my soul. But I swear to I listen y'all Gil, you had my boy tight. My nigga said motherfucker on my own dime. I don't know Club five 20, shit. Who else I, we ain't promoting that motherfucker but I, I, I don't get mad. Can y'all agree? I don't really get No you don't get loud. You don't get too much outta character. I don't argue or nothing but like so we had a misunder. It was a true misunderstanding on both ends.


A true misunderstanding. 100% misunderstanding. Like now we in hindsight, we good now but like he called me when I'm at my son's game and he like snapped and then he hung up on me and I was like, damn, well maybe he didn't mean to hang up on me. I'm gonna call him back after the soccer game. So I call him back and he was calm for like three seconds, which I know Gill, I seen the show. He's really like that. And he goes real loud, real fast again. And then the nigga, he hung up on me again. And at this point I was like I need to go to Philadelphia because clearly we're having a misunderstanding and I don't know how to yell or argue with people like, but shout to my nigga Wallow for not picking up the phone.


I wall wallo. I'm like lemme call on Wallo because I think me and GI are having a misunderstand facts. I call Wallo send me the voicemail. So me being and GI and Wallo are in a group chat and I'm like hey y'all, I'm still trying to be calm. Like hey y'all, I think we're having a misunderstanding. Yeah. Gilly says nigga send me a bill. Yeah. And not to put the whole conversation out there, but that guy took it outta context too. It did. It did. I wanted to fly to Philly but me and Gilly had a good conversation. Basically it was Mel's fault. Yeah, that's it. That was, it was shit. Shit got uploaded and they called me, he called me like be him. What the fuck y'all niggas uploaded the episode?


I said damn we grimy than a bitch. I'm on that asab my nigga my fault. For real. Hey the funny thing about it was did I call you before you talked to him? I don't think so. I don't know. Yeah I did call you before you talked to him because I had looked at the DMI was just like what the fuck? I was like hey you see this shit? Oh yeah you called me. You did. 'cause I was at my son's game. Yeah. He was like, I'm at the game. I'll check it out later. I was like alright well at least somebody know. Yeah, nah. Yeah did I woke up in the morning show. I said oh niggas had arm Ganey yesterday. Yeah I I didn't give a fuck. I wasn't, I don't look at none of the texts. Yeah. Ever, ever. I ain't, which is probably one of our biggest problems. It probably is like if I could just get like, like the other day when we had a text about somebody had a show we was supposed to do and I showed up and nigga wake up I was hot.


He was like what he ain't here? Yeah he they texted four 30. Ah mother fuck yeah. Shout to Freddie Gibbs. Yeah Shout to Freddie Gibbs. It's a lot of mishaps with this PO shit. But all in all we enjoy all what come with this shit though 'cause we never thought it'd be what it is. Oh I didn't, oh guess who did whatever, guess who did it? I spoke one. I just shout to look. Guess who did? Nah I said be here this shit one day we was at the old spot, I used to get in trouble. I said be here, this gonna be special bro. Me and this nigga used to talk till four in the morning for real, real talk the real fast swing. And he was like nah bro. Like I see what this shit going be. So I give bro credit to that too. Like he definitely DJ too though.


Yeah I spoke on that on the pod like DJ kind of like y'all used to say DJ overachieve but all our goals that we was hitting early on DJ called that shit before everybody. Oh yeah. He used as wild overachiever. Especially that first a hundred k we hit on my mama DJ called that shit off the gate. It was just at one point, like you said we all had the confidence in it but at one point it just wasn't adding up and I was just like something gonna happen and shit gonna go crazy. Yeah. And we just had that moment, we had that summer and then shit just went crazy. That's fine. But I give Mike a lot of credit because we be having so many conversations with people that we don't be wanting to have and we be having so many conversations with people that don't be going nowhere but we gotta do it 'cause that's the business part of it. It's a part of the journey bro. And I know and most people I talk to, he probably talked to five times the amount of people on basis.


Yeah I'm doing that. Yeah. So I I always give you your flyers for that because you shit I told Mike he he part of the MVP of the whole pot 'cause I don't, I ain't answering shit. I mean we y'all when niggas be call, niggas call y'all to be like, Hey Mike be like hey oh buddy and them asked about you are you gonna respond? Yeah. I be like man fuck that shit. You really do be like that. And I be trying to just phrase like how can I tell them? He said fuck y'all, this nigga be be calling me on how I should talk to you or how he should talk to you about shit. I'm like bru just tell the nigga what it is. 'cause I feel like if I say it wrong I'm gonna have a longer conversation than me.


'cause we ain't gonna say, we ain't gonna say the name, I'm gonna just say no shout to this brand who really they really fuck with us but we can't say the name. But he was like I was nothing on it. Remember? And you called me like man what should I say to this nigga? It was last week. Oh yeah? Yeah. He called me like nah it can't be the shoes I was fucking with the shoes. No, no, no, no shoes. Shit this was bigger than that. Like this was some big chicken we was playing with. Oh y'all talking about oh okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah we was, we playing with I I i we ain't popping, we ain ain't trying to show out or nothing but this is some big money. This why I'm like there was one conversations. No no, no. And I'm like yeah this nigga Jeff A. Little too rich.


He getting two, two individual shit. Told Mike to let him. Yeah. And he responded. He responded quick. He was like nah I'm cool. He's like yeah I ain't fucking with it. I said did you hear the number? Yeah. Did you, did you see the I and I immediately before I responded called me and I was like he called me, is he hot? He might be drunk. I said yeah let that nigga breathe. He probably having a long night or he having a bad day. Yeah Or Ryan probably that bitch screaming on that guy. I'll try get wrong you hear I don't think I responded. No you didn't. I didn't respond but I'm like don't call that nigga tonight. Fuck you like on some real shit. Fuck that nigga because if he fuck up this money he better not say nothing about shit else we got going on And see that's why, why we being transparent with y'all because this is this shit that we go through.


This is the shit that we go through like behind the scenes. So we just bringing this shit to the camera. Hold on bro. I, I said no for one reason. What was the reason I'm here now? It don't matter what reason. I was like this nigga because with him when he get mad it is fuck everything. Swear he he get on that nigga. I do it by myself nigga I'm Suge Knight nigga fuck them niggas. I'm the real death wrong. He on that. He be on that type of time. But would be right with me though. No, no, no, no, no. This nigga he do this shit. Hold on. You know what with this with this number that's why he called me.


I'm the culprit to this nigga like this my nigga like we all cool but like I know how to deal with this nigga. For real. I told Mike, Mike just let that lather over bro. This nigga tweak it. He ain't really look at that number 'cause that nigga always this is why, why he's so bogus three weeks ago. I'll never forget this nigga said what'd he say? I do everything. I do everything. He said we gotta turn, we gotta turn, we gotta gotta get better. Gotta do everything nothing. Shit. Yeah I just told y'all I hate flying bro. Y'all know I hate flying at West. Y'all cool and pee now. Yeah I know I hate flying. The funniest thing about this is everybody relationship, everybody got a close relationship but it's all different. So it depends upon West saying it'd be funny to see how people go respond and that really be the funniest part about this shit.


Nah for sure. I ask me all the time how like how I got with you. I'm like I actually knew everybody differently and I hated all of y'all for different reasons. Most definitely. Like I hated DJ first. I don't know if it was Bordeaux Sevens or or Oh yeah these niggas worked together. Yeah, yeah, yeah we worked at Foot Locker together 1617 worked at Footlocker. That was my second job and DJ was already there. It was a shoe release and I was like yeah I wear 12 bro. And he's like I don't give a fuck like this is mine. Basically like you can't have shit. Well the problem was that, You know what I'm saying? That Lafayette Square Foot Locker, it was four. Bless you. That all wore 11 and half 12 And I was listening associate but 11 and a half was mine. RP my nigga Kyle. That was just how it went. See he is like yeah I need this on my I good luck my nigga Bud.


I was right there go. It wasn't no good. He was like nah. He was like well shit you should out look you gotta go to Foot Action or somewhere somebody gotta get you but not here. So that's why I hated DJ for the longest. And then the funny part about this how we connected for this, this was that our kids fucking, what was it? Par, what was it, fall festival or some shit. It was like fall festival. Nigga was like, I'm been trying to get in contact with you. And I was like damn my bad, what's up? I was like, y'all podcast fucking sucks. Y'all ass bad. That's a nigga walked up to me and I been trying to get in contact with you to tell me that I shit suck. Thank you. Terrible. I don't know why the fuck you hated me. I'm gonna get to you in a second. I hated this nigga here because at the time you were assigned to Adidas, the the Pharrell joints, human rights, the human right joints came out.


He had like 30, 40. He had every color. He had a lot of them. My nigga. Me shut the fuck up. Shout to the Pharrell fact I had some Stan Smiths. That's crazy. Stars Hold. My mama had every color I did. I had a from shelters had a couple colors. Red, green, yellow, I had TBOs. Shit nigga you asked for the human races. So listen though. So I know, I know P and I'm like hey P you Think you could ask Jeff if I could buy a pair, I'll, I'll buy 'em Reset. Like whatever the number. Like just let me know I want 'em and y'all know y'all know me. I don't wear Adidas at all. Like at the time I never, I I was Nike everything. That was the first adida I was gonna buy. I was like I'll buy those. I rock with those. I want the yellow joints.


And he had plenty pairs and she texted me back and was like, he said no. I was like, well damn, not like a number or nothing. He just, he just said no. She was like, yeah he, he said no and I hated him ever since. So what you want me to do? I collect shoes. No that's, that's really why I was like y'all podcast fucking sucks because I didn't like him. That's why we used to get them long ass weak ass text message. You said he got trauma. Read this shit. I used to look at tape man because that nigga, nigga Jeff, we talked one day that nigga like bro this nigga doing too much bro. I'm like yeah fuck that lame man nigga we put our braids together, we really work at this.


You guys could be so much better with you. Don't a fucking up my like fuck was some real text messages though. It was like shit, shit fuck this nigga talk about man we tried to drinking some shit. Yeah niggas wake up with tomorrow you right bro. And nah it was fucking you. Mike got us together though for sure. Facts and then bi. I really didn't hate being the food was really good at my wedding. I honestly, and I cater this nigga wedding on my mama. Shout out to Sierra. Yep. Love Lil SISs gave him a hell of a discount you feel me? This nigga just for me to meet him and he, he married a dickhead so no, no the food, the food was straight. I honestly didn't eat it though. I know like I was moving around so much I was really hungry and I was mad 'cause somebody took my to go play.


Look at y'all wedding. This this side note don't get married outside. This hot nigga got married outside and this got it wasn hot, hot than a bitch. I don't recommend that shit out. I don't either nigga I could even get my one two right nigga it was so motherfuck hot. I'm like hey walk your ass out here. You look good baby. Say this shit so we can go inside. This motherfucker hot. Your shit was terrible. It was hot. I remember the fall but your shit was, your shit was terrible. Yeah it was like a, it was like 1 0 5 nigga and it rang and I had a little black shit on my line. I was scared Nigga shit To my boy case I'm gonna hit you with that shit boy.


He look good boy. I said leak, leak. Well that was a wrong day. What was of shit. Whatever they do for that shit, that shit did. Boom bro. I like damn motherfucking don't leak that different shit. Yeah somebody tap in you that boozer taper the funny shit hits my nigga Mike was at that table with a recession fight for his, listen my nigga at the reception. Hey this why I love that pie. That's why. That's why I love this pie. So look y'all, I don't do drugs by the way is no Mike don't do drugs y'all but he, I'm knowing what this nigga finna do. We want the same what the party. So I'm telling this nigga, I'm like look the wedding is beautiful, shout to P, you look good on your day.


My bro look good on this day. But I'm like after when we go to this after party it's about to be lit. Oh God. So I told this nigga, I said he hitting me like you got him. Oh he a dope. So nigga he got two receptions. So the ones from P, her family and shit cool pops. I give him that bitch at that receptionist. This nigga's split. I said oh I don't remember. Oh my god He us party it got to twin you that go to the second one. Yeah. Yeah. I said at the top level the whole time like man, what the fuck, how was you sitting up there? Ratio was turned bro, I gave this nigga an edible. I couldn't move when I see him in the, the first reception my nigga had his, that nigga said, bro, I don't know what's going on.


I said, nigga did you do some crack? I gave him a 20 mg edible. You gave him 20 mg. Had my nigga lifted, I was gone because I told him though, I said, Mike just take half. This shit dangerous tonight. Tee going up, the whole city pulling up. He said, I don't feel that, don't miss this night. This nigga was like right before dinner. I sat down and did not get back up. I don't remember. I, I woke up at my house. They was like, I went to sleep. I took a nap. 'cause y'all had the little, yeah, little intermission. I, I took a nap at the crib and I woke up and it was like 19 niggas at my house. I was like, what the fuck are y'all doing here? They was like, we about to go to the, on everything. Everybody went home in pregame respect spots gonna wake you up.


That was a hell of a night. But I you, you fought, you honestly gave me the, the thought of, I said I could sell drugs, I could really be big mes. This is my first client And I, shit, that was actually terrible. That's actually why I don't do drugs today. Nah, for sure. That's a real life story too. Y'all my nigga thought he was going to die. It's fucking with t That was a lit night. Man. That shit was funny as hell because at that point it was still like super formal. Y'all was doing all that. Like the, the family stuff, the dancing and I, the Heritage. My nigga Michael was over there like this.


Like that nigga said the heritage. All, all I remember from that night. Nah, I was saying, bro, y'all was going through serious shit. My nigga Mike was over to fight for his life. What is the, what's the people that you ordered to, to perform the people that you walked to? Her pops did that Mariachi band. The Maria Mariachi band was Mariachi concert. Keenan Keenan and them dancing in front of the camera, bro. Oh God. They did. Damn. I was like, because they was right there. I was like, why you think was dancing in front of this camera. Like that was a That was a funny though. Nah, see he had a great, I'm like, shit, I got that.


Oh, Y nigga was stupid. Real. I was gone. Nah, that's what it's with this spot dropping tomorrow, right? Yep. So let's talk about what's going on in the world today. Man, I, I want to ask y'all this question 'cause there's a lot of shit going on. There's some trials, there's some people, You know what I'm saying? Social media's finding out about a lot of different things going on, people, households. I wanna ask y'all this question. At what point did y'all start judging people about what they post? And I would preface this, I say like, You know, we all adults now, right? But you see how people respond to certain stuff. At what point do you be like, I can't separate your takes from how, who you really are. I knew Instagram and shit was fake a long time ago. Yeah. Because I know people in real life.


So to see them post certain shit, to try to appease the world was kind of crazy to me. So I've been in shit since 2014. I knew the world was bullshit. Yeah. I knew Instagram was fake when I would like see people in person, like the shit we was talking about with Mike. Yeah. Last one I stopped. I never believed Instagram since then. I remember I seen somebody, they had a gut out this world and on Instagram that motherfucker was cra I'm like, yeah, facts. Mm. Nah, You know what's crazy about that bro? Me and DJ shout out to whatever the first week of IU is. A ZA to z. Yo. This young lady still comes to my parties. Who? Party, party. This was, this was, this was years ago, You know, I mean before I got in my situation, but I, I ran into shorty at the A to Z party and it, it wasn't that she was, she was, she was big as a house.


That bitch was built like me, but them angles on Instagram was elites. I want to say her name so bad, but I'm not please nope. No I'm not. But DJ know like, and I thought I was gonna crack that night because I'm like, I tell him, bro, pick me up. I'm like damn. So we all made mistakes, right? But on the up to them it's the right thing to do.


But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Welcome to the W where elite athletes are redefining the game of basketball. From buzzer beating shots, jaw dropping defense and logo threes. The WNBA delivers nonstop action and world class talent every game. These athletes don't just play the game they elevated. The New York Liberty are the reigning champions and the Golden State IES are the newest team to join the league since 2008. Watch the WNBA this season on A-B-C-C-B-S-E-S-P-N ion and Prime starting May 16th.


Get in the zone. AutoZone, welcome to bundle deal days at AutoZone. Well I do need a bundle of things When you bundle you save. Do I save if I bundle oil with an oil filter, save up to $12 on that bundle. What about brake pads and rotors bundle? Those and the brake pads are free. Can't save more than free. You can save on hundreds of deals during bundle deal days ends June 2nd at AutoZone. Get in the zone. Auto zone restrictions apply. Dur last brake pads only


Our kids have said to us since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of Doors for us. Just This overall sense of community that the values that You know Minnesotans Have. It's a real accepting and loving community. Especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live.


See this bitch tonight? She there There like and mind you, me and DJ had one of the go pre-games. Shout to my cousin Ofq all, all hard hos at our pre-game. That's a fact. But this one right here I was Was Urin jerk available or It was, it was on the brink. Okay. It had just dropped. Oh my nigga. We was drinking 99 Bananas. Yeah. Oh yeah. Fuck. But I had seen Shorty to, to Tee Point like and that's that. That blew me bro. So yeah, shout to that she my part. Yeah. Everybody always posts good shit on Instagram. I mean obviously people go on they rents and do and You know upload all they business and shit. I never been that kind of person. I hate when people do that. Like whatever happened in your house, stay in your house. Keep it cool. Nah. Yeah but I know everybody in line on Instagram.


Yeah You see people with fake flight like shout out to our new guests. I can't wait to ask him. Oh Bow wow five 20. But when you had the bow wow challenge and all that shit like I was like yeah this shit crazy. Nah that's different. And You know what a trick to Instagram a long time ago I can go football. What you post? I want some tag posts. Yeah. I wanna see what your friends figure when you not the main character. Yeah that's when you see what's real. Shit. I ain't even thought of that before. I don't. I ain't that deep into social media like that. Not get them tag posts real. When that nigga Findy hopped out of that helicopter that was close, that was close. I was like yeah I hear Instagram bro. Like this ain't it bro. That nigga got hopped off the side of Yeah but the the cameraman cut it before like he didn't have a good tape.


Nah for sure. He showed off him hanging off said I don't know it was worse. That or Bow. Wow I still have it. Nah, probably Bow Wow For sure. Okay. But I hate Facebook. That's why I don't got a Facebook. Yeah because Facebook is like our TMZ or RTV six news type shit. That's where people go and get they shit off. For real. And that's what I was gonna lead to. I don't got Facebook. It's like Facebook and Twitter's bad because you see people's like real opinions about shit and like at this age you be like alright cool. Some shit is funny but some shit would be like all nigga you joking about this stuff going on nigga you have kids like daughters and shit. It's like you have a mom, you have a dog. Like some of that shit be weird to me. Like all right bro, I can't really separate this from you no more. Like this might be who you really are. Nah Facebook the devil motherfucker I know was just in that bitch on Facebook nigga a girl walked in to her house with her nigga cracking a girl that I know bro.


And put it on Facebook on my life. On Facebook. Oh you gonna put it on Facebook? Put it on Facebook. Swear to God. Wow. Like that's weird. That's, that's why I'm saying that's why it's different. Facebook is just the worst. Yeah that's a different world. I mean YouTube y'all ranked the worst between Facebook, Instagram and all that shit and Twitter. But I, Facebook is literally the worst bro. I don't have Facebook, Twitter. That's why I don't have it though. I don't have Facebook, Twitter, I love Twitter. None of that. Twitter's the best place on earth. I got Instagram, I downloaded Snapchat 'cause Keenan always send me or what Snapchat or one of them. He always send like links to shit and be like oh yeah, yeah, yeah. TikTok all that shit. I I love TikTok bro. I don't got that shit though.


You a TikTok shopper producer. Yeah I was gonna say you are the TikTok shop. I just bought Sean Scrubber from that motherfucker. I seen you posted. I said my nigga get ad deal. Yeah And I bought an iron off that motherfucker. An iron? Yeah I bought an iron It it do that motherfucker steamed the shit boy. It steamed the shit outta you boy. It straighten you out. You hear me? So yo, that's crazy. Crazy word. I wonder on the purpose before that. But it's funny 'cause when that TikTok band was locked in, first Boys was shook. I ain't gonna lie, I was sick. They could take my Instagram. I fuck on Instagram. But that TikTok bro that hurt my heart bro. Every essential I had bro. It comes from TikTok bro. Legit bro. What they gonna do with the Cavs man? I mean the Warriors just lost.


They did what we gonna do with the Warriors man. Man it's so they in such a tough spot 'cause like Steph should be playing for championships or not right now. And I don't know if that's what they own and I don't know if Steph wanna leave or not. Would you call this a successful year or would you be like, I mean for the Warrior standards obviously it's not successful Steer but you think it's a they had a good year. I would from where they started and where they were Allstar break when they had Dennis shoulder now Most definitely. Most definitely. Nah that's a definitely, definitely They still got Jimmy successful year. Nah a thousand percent bro. I think they gonna shake back next year though. So who you got in the Western conference Finals. You got OKC verse wolves or you got? I got OKCs.


Okay because that's what it is. OKC verse wolves. Yeah. You don't think Denver take to seven? I don't got Denver taking it in seven. I got KC prevailing. Mm What you got Mike? You know good and damn well we know Yout give a fuck. I don't watching no basketball. I don't give a fuck two years in this pod. You still ain't tapped in yet? Nah, like I ain't know all the the players, the highlights, the stats and everything because I got to but I don't give a damn damn. Who you got dj KC You Think? You think they take? I think, I think we gonna get Sha verse A and I think that's gonna match up Lee use that bro. Okay but who y'all. Alright that's I perfect. That was like a great transition. Who are you taking? If you could start on a team. You taking AE or Shay a Yeah I know who I'm picking bro.


I don't Yeah yeah I know I was on a AE track before. Everybody Mike, if you would just, obviously this is perfect 'cause you don't like basketball, AE has a personality so you'll take AE to start your franchise. Yeah but I'm not mad at if somebody takes Shaa, I told y'all bro he's just not rah rah like y'all from a money aspect or like a basketball performance aspect. Just like Jeff franchise ae your personality. Who you talking taking ae? It's not even close to me. Like damn, he too polarized of a, of a person. Yeah like Shay would be like I I love his game as a basketball player but he'd be like 20 if I'm my list. If I take the Star franchise.


Mm. Hell no Jeff if you had a list of players in front of you, I Think you would see that differently. No I wouldn't. I would take 20 is crazy. I would take Luca Dridge. I just seen how a city fucking damn near killed somebody 'cause he left. So you love they you literally love him. He is love wherever he go. Cha Janko. So I'm taking Luca. Mm easy. I see how much people love Tyrese, Halliburton in Indiana like nah hell nah. I'm telling you bro. It's not that he's a better player. Hey shout out Trei Cup bro. But I'm nothing bro. What I'm saying is listen, it's not that Tyrese is nowhere near a better player than Sha but it's something about Tyrese that people like or hate.


Yeah and that's enough to keep people. I love Tyree's game actually I ain't never been on the hate side. I think that I just talked about this too. I think that hate from his peers fueled his game and it was good for the Pacers and him. Yeah, for sure. But it's something like nobody, everybody knows Shea is nice but nobody like you don't hear like everybody like he cold. This game is nice. Peers, we all know he cold but like fans you gotta like OKC, you gotta be from Oklahoma to be like yeah that's my guy. I might be biased 'cause I was on that train. Yeah but like a like even still like I had to pick a team like LeBron would still get picked before Shay. Yeah 'cause that's Brian KD remove all them old heads.


James Harden Ka. Nah I wouldn't pick, I wouldn't pick James Harden over Shay. But I'm saying you said 20 bro. It's not 20 players better than I'm saying Shay they all no way. Like no way bro. Win would say win. I'm taking Weby Jason Tatu no deal. Right bro. To start my team Jack and Shay I love, I love Jason you taking bro I'm shitty. My nigga tore his whatever he tore a, he can't get shout to surgery. He'll, he'll up some guy. Yeah for sure. I'm shitty. He can't get it P this year bro. No I'm not man, yo. Right. Damn. Yeah Sha Shay a leader bro. Jason Tatu a leader but it's different. Shaa working with less bro.


Yeah but it's just like for real them as regular niggas bro. No disrespect to the NBA games like everybody in the NBA can hoop but what Shaa playing with bro? Bro he's over overachieving bro. You taking Jalen Brunson or you taking Shay taking Shaa to start your team taking Shay. If Shay had motherfucking fucking Cat and Mikel Bridges and OG bro they raw them niggas is better than OKC talent wise. I'm taking, I'm taking Jalen Brunson because the pressures to play in New York, it's different is so much greater than play Play. He deal O kc. He got that's I saying his dad is dad bigger than New York. I'm just saying everybody not built for that.


I'm not saying Shay not, I'm not saying we ain't never seen him but it's different structure bro. Like I, I like people don't even put respect in names to be like on you or nothing. But nigga you grew up like Jalen Bruss, it just wasn't filmed. Yo Pops was just like motherfucking that. Y'all heard that noise? Yeah it's the tv. Yeah I'm just saying your pops was just like that. So that's different bro. That's different. He what? New York give Jalen Brunson nigga, he like nigga my pops was way worse than that. Just like you, you could, that's why you was so good with different type of coaches nigga. 'cause your dad was motherfucking God Joe Jackson nigga. Oh God. That's what I'm saying. Saying it's different.


I don't know what Shaa Lineage is for. I don't either. I mean I seen his pop song Gilbert show he his pop seem like he was a real nigga type. Yeah what I'm saying no probably solid but I'm saying it is just that when you growing up different like that I just mm. Shaa to me what he got. I don't know if Jalen Brunson is that type of player to take them young niggas. You got ka Mikel Bridges OG bro that's a, you got a whip, you still the leader but damn bro, like that nigga took less money for a reason. Yeah but he still like the focal point like yeah he's he's still the lock like dig. He's shooting 14 times. He jack the kids of the locks. No he's shooting 14. Yeah he's shooting 14 times in a row in the fourth quarter.


Like you got Kat on your team like nah nigga watch out. Yeah because even I look at them last year like even though on Sunday they came up short against us. Hey he was dominated bro. He got CD back rocking. Not to discount Shake Den like you said doing a lot but less. Listen Carmelo Anthony went to the Knicks bro. He he do not. He got it way more lit than when Meow was there. Yeah bro. And Melo had squads Melo that Jr too. He did but he me Melo or a different he it ain't bigger than Ja it ain't bigger than Jalen. It is the Aura is in New York. Listen, nah, mellow himself or Mellow New York, mellow himself.


Listen, mellow Aura in New York is way bigger than Jalen Bresson or in New York right now Cat. Oh I don't know bro Kat bro. They just said Jalen Bresson is winning for sure and that's good for the city. But if you just take them as people Yeah that's 'cause Oh yeah for sure. Meow is Jalen Brunson. Melo been famous since we was fucking 14. But that's what I'm saying. That's when I caught say in New York they just, yeah in New York niggas feel different right now. This is the biggest Meow was losing in New York bro. And he was still the biggest nigga bro. Still the biggest nigga. That's just New York. Yeah that's the or but I'm saying but they said he's the biggest free agent signing in New York Knicks history.


I'm not mad at that. That's coming from a basketball perspective. I'm talking about over nigga if Jay Brunson walked down the street in New York right now and Melo walked down the street, they gonna be like JB mother fuck. I swear to God bro. He got the Knicks lit. He dude bro. But it's a lot of niggas with him. He the biggest for the Knicks right now. I'm telling you. Mellow's popularity Melo that Aura is different bro. Melo is that nigga Brunson works so fucking hard to get where he is now. Jalen Brunson is a blue collar nigga. Yeah. Not saying Melo is just a spoonfed nigga but it is different bro. Melo is getting compared to LeBron bro. I'm not saying that it, but I'm saying whoop Jalen Bruss have been in New York three years, two years.


This is yeah here he might go down there as the best player but I swear to God if they wasn't winning in two years he's surpassed everything. Meow did. Yeah. 'cause so far it's just winning basketball. I'm saying give him his same numbers in Mellow's record Melo is bigger. That's what I'm saying. You can't do that. The personality I'm saying he can though the personality what he did for the Knicks. That's what people dream for Meow to do. They like we wish Melo with because Melo got a different version of James Doen too. Yeah, yeah. He got a he he got dealt totally different head. No, no, no. And that's not Jay had with Phil Jackson and shit. That's not Brun train with shit, fuck with Jay Brunson because he took that pay cut and believed in his team to get them to where they is. He Jaylen Brunson understood the assignment to bring New York to where they is.


Melo was like shit, I'm just trying to get paid in a big market. It's two different swags bro. I, but I'm saying like and I, I got the utmost respect for Melo. I think he one of the coolest players ever. The thing is Jalen Brunson did that shit when New York was like not popping like Melo went to New York and they was actually good. Did they hear with Omar did whatever? Yeah they was actually hooping like am Omar really got the Knicks rolling? Yeah bro got hurt. Shit. Shit was cool but then Melo came and he like lit a fire was like, oh this shit popping like New York, New York lit. They got mellow, they got Amari but it was never lit like this bro. And they portrayed him trade against. Yeah against players because there many of y'all, I'm just telling y'all Mellow was lit because they was still losing and that nigga was still like scoring 50 points with on all two points.


Yeah, but it, it ain't look like this. That was NBC we watched nigga, we argued at your house bro. When we Melo played against God D Rose bro it is different bro. It ain't like this though. It ain't like this bro. You think Jalen Brunson is just as big as a superstar? Is Carmelo Anthony right? In New York? Yes. Right now. Yes. As of, damn bro. It is not like the, the only nigga that was bigger than New York than Jalen Brunson is right now was Jeremy Lynn. Listen and I swear nobody was bigger than Jeremy Lynn. Yeah because he had even Chico, he got all the other people with him nigga that shit wasn't even close like yeah because he is a foreigner bro. Yeah, but I'm just saying that shit wasn't close. How we talking about, I mean he got a cheat code bro. Yeah he had a cheat code but Jalen Brunson, he like the blueprint.


Yes bro. Jalen Brunson got that same type of Jeremy Lynn effect. Fuck no, no, no. I'm talking about like he getting that same, Jeremy Lynn was off the charts like he was the most famous nigga in the NBA. Yeah that Lin sent. He paid a movie off that shit. Yeah, what I'm saying, ain't no nigga, he niggas he was bigger than Kobe for them two weeks bro. Yeah like nigga was the biggest person in the world. We went to play the nigga it was, it had to be a hundred, 200 cameras under the rim when he was shooting for warmups. Bro, I never seen nothing like that shit. I'm like this shit is crazy. He kill against y'all? Yeah he killed nigga got a hell of a game but You know already. Yeah Melo had came back so it was like, I mean he probably had like 18 and like oh okay.


Seven or 18 and 10 whatever it was. He had a good game but Melo had came back so Yeah You know what talking about yeah. You know what I mean, he kind of was hanging a little bit but yeah I ain't mad at that. I ain't mad at that. I just stand with la I stand with Melo bro. Nah, I love Melo too so I, because Jalen Bruss, I just don't think Jalen Bruss has that. If Jalen Bruss was like ae it'd be different. Jalen Bruss just a killer. Oh Jalen Bruss had an attitude like ae Yeah it'd be different bro. Bro. He would be nigga he would be Michael Jordan if, if Jalen Brussel came outta game and called somebody sad as fuck bro them New York fans would eat that shit up. But bro he's a solid killer. He kill and he do little shit that make you be like so if he goes to the finals, he the biggest since Pat ing bro, he bigger than Pat.


He take the Nicks to the finals right now he bigger than Pat. He bigger for this generation probably he bigger than Pat. The OGs ain't gonna go for this shit but for this generation the OGs gonna gonna be like y niggas Pat crash out but nigga OGs gonna ride with Pat. But yeah the real nigga Allen Houston was killing bro like Pat was he out to the four point play Larry Johnson? That's the real bucket. Mike don't know nothing about Allen. He don't know Allen Houston had one of the bench Allen used could walk right past Mike right now. He wouldn't know. Yeah but like Jalen Brunson bro, like every bro I love, I love Jalen Bron, I love me to death but Melo wasn't doing what Jalen Brunson is doing in the fourth quarter bro. No bro.


Clutch buckets bro. Melo was like that to you. He is. I think it's because niggas is winning and Jalen, Jalen Brunson is that matters is earning his contract. For sure. For sure. And if Melo played in this era, Melo would kill Melo will be probably one of the, he'd be top players. He would fuck these niggas up. But at this point in the pod is when I would be Googling and searching up stats when played in New York versus Yeah Melo would be killing this league like Melo played his stats D better than Jalen Bru. Melo played in a different era where like scoring is more prevalent now so he would be killing but I can't compare it 'cause he don't play. You know what I mean? So like nah you right like that's me. I'd be like damn I probably would've been a better player if I played now than when I played 'cause you could do shit that I grew up doing but shout out to shout out to Melo though.


And you ain't disrespecting him or not. Nah, I hope that's not, but it's not my respect. Don't clip something be weird. Yeah You know how people get weird on, on YouTube and shit but I'm saying though like Jaylen bro really got a better team bro. Is it really better? Yes bro because C them was cool. Yeah bro, CH C them was cool bro but this team was Jr. R Smith is better than who? Everybody else on their team besides Kat and Omar that matters bro. Omar, Omar barely, barely played with LeBron T it's different with Meow with Melo. Yeah did barely, he just got dumbed down. I he was hurt but he got dumbed down a little bit with Mellow there. JR Smith, you got JR Smith, you got Iman sch Trump was just as good as Josh.


The white boy that shot threes. Steve Novak, Steve Novak was lit. Steve Novak, come on bro. Fuck no. Mel didn't even have a big team. Tyson Chandler was on their team. Come on bro. Tyson won. Team TC is the reason why Dallas won the championship. C Mitchell Robinson bro. All day. What we talking about all day? What we talking about had but I'm saying like that Cat is better than Tyson Chandler bro. They had Aari Lance, they had Aari. Yeah bro. But Omari didn't play. Come on, keep it real bro. Mykel Bridges in OG A Noby bro is a better duo than fucking Sper than JR r Smith on some real shit.


Yeah, I mean JR is just good and I fuck with Iman and Jr JR. Smith was outta the year at that time. But to have two wings like that is crazy bro. Niggas got seven foot Wingspans bro and guard up any position but Melo one of the wings though. JJ Jla Bruss, it's really mellow and JR r Smith against Jalen Bruss gets to relaxed bro. It is. Yeah because he, he take, he can take some nights off. And who was the point guard for the Nicks at the first, the first game against the nigga OG looked like the best player on the floor with JB and everybody out there. Yeah. Who was the point guard for the Knicks? Chauncey Billows played PG Raymond felt he traded my favorite point guards. He got traded for Melo.


Did he? I don't even know who led that. That's what I'm saying. We don't even know who led that team. Only, only point guard I remember playing with they did have old J Kid. Come on man. Niggas got better when they left New York. Maybe it was something in New York because J Kid was on that Maverick squad too with Tyson Chandler only point guard. I remember really playing with Ello bro is legit. Chauncey Billis and YouTube. I know y'all check everything. Check that they had older guards in New York. That's a fact. I mean they had a older, you don't remember them matchups? They had an older scene. I mean Meow had an older team. Yeah bro that's different. That's what I'm saying. Jalen Brunson is literally rocking with niggas that he's around his age group. Like come on man. My ke Bridges is really one of the best fucking leagues in the NBA top 10 wing in nba. I'm not saying that team wasn't better.


Mm. But what he doing with that team? 'cause nigga they don't get the ball like that nigga where to go nigga they get the ball to, you gonna give it to your killer. What? What? What you say about Joe? Joe said y'all do y'all thing. These first three quarters is fourth quarter, nigga gimme the po. But I'm saying you doing that, he earned that saying nigga I took a hundred million dollar cut, gimme the fucking ball. But listen, do you, that's not my problem Mike. You think Mike is taking a hundred million cut for us? Listen, I would listen nigga, I'm not, I'm not taking that. But listen, he doing that. He doing that in the fourth quarter east. He about to be in the Easter conference finals. It's like you can't, he he lit bro.


Is Jalen Brussel better than Tyler? I mean Tyler Tyrese. Halliburton, yes. He gotta beat him though. And they about to. They about to meet up. He gotta beat him. But I mean they dig at their ass beat tonight. So Celtics might be on something but gotta be Ja Bronson bro. He got Bro Phenomen. It's people in New York bro. Telling him, bro, y'all don't gotta do nothing else bro. You did enough. We love you. Like bro, they wanna put us, they they gonna retire his jersey already bro. To pivot this conversation, I'm ask y'all this question of the remaining people left. We got a lot of people who could be first time champions between Halliburton, jb, AE and Shay. I mean we ain't gonna count out okay. I mean Denver, but just amongst those, who would the championship mean the most to Jalen Broun.


Okay, because of Knicks, New York. If he won a chip in New York, bro he's, he's forever good no matter what. He forever good now. But if he wanna chip in New York, bro, he gonna meet the most bro. He going, they, they might put a statue up, bro. They got to though. He'd be the most polarized figure ever. Just 'cause of the market. If OKC, if Shaa wins a NBA championship, it wouldn't, it wouldn't look nowhere near as Jalen Bronson. Well nobody give a fuck about Oklahoma City bro. No. What about a, that's a be lit but nobody could fool. It was like Giannis on the chip. Nah, it ain. Damn. That's a good point too. But it's like if it's Shaa wins it, oh my mama, he gonna get treated like Koal Leonard in Toronto. Yeah. Yeah.


Real shit. Gianni New York. If Pat Youin would've won in New York, bro Pat Wan would've never put on the Orlando Magic jersey. Yeah bro. Hell no real shit. So is everybody with DJ counting the patience out? I'm not counting them out. Damn. I'm not. I think they could win. I'm saying bro, if you winning bring in New York, you like you a guy bro. If Tyree Halliburton win or my mama that's Quad line championship. Oh if we win a championship, they're gonna say we don't give a fuck. They say three other teams in this final four that we think of Denver don't win Minnesota OKC then they small market teams. Nobody give a fuck. Nobody gonna give a fuck. That's how the NBA works.


Yeah. So New York, they beat Boston, they the only team there. But I ain't gonna lie, it's, it is lit in Indiana. If Tyree Spring his ship this bitch for us because we from there. But if Tyre Tyler Burton puts a ship in Gaines Bridge, bro, you have to give him, he is the greatest pacer of all time ain. Nobody gonna give a fuck. Like nobody's gonna give a shit if the Pacers and OKC make it to the final. It's gonna be the least watched finals ever. Oh yeah, you, you think the draft line was rigged now boy they gonna make sure like they actually be, I think it's good for the game. You remember when who was at the Knicks and the Spurs played or something? Didn't nobody watch the finals? Yeah, it's gonna be worse than that. I agree. I agree. That shit ain't nobody gonna watch the finals bro. I agree. But I think it's good for, that's why the NBA need New York. It'll be good for our city.


'cause niggas, niggas don't remember when the coach won the Super Bowl it was quiet but Pey Manny was so polar. That was Pete murder though. It was but it was really quiet y'all. Oh it was probably definitely mid. I don't give a fuck about it. Yeah, we went, me and my niggas drove downtown like it probably was weak as fuck. Yeah it was. It was. It was. But only ae it was quiet. AE can say the finals. Mm. Either Jalen Brunson or a e can say the finals. But if it's OKC or Indiana, bro that shit is not, ain't no telling what AE gonna do if he win but ae playing on the in the finals, it's gonna be 'cause he gonna start saying shit. Yeah You know why we here? Yeah. Blah blah blah blah blah.


But if it's Indiana and KC Filthy. Yeah because a winning and ship me to everybody, I'm better. All y'all niggas now. What's up? Yeah. And they gonna have nigga tell Obama nigga. Yeah, yeah. Watch rap. Really? Yeah, like he, he talking like he like that. I am like that. They know that. Yeah. We don't get you the president that bro you Yeah, I'm so, and then looked at him like he offended me. Like nigga who fuck is you talking about? I'm rolling y'all fuck for that because Obama out of pocket. Hey, what's the nigga that played for Philadelphia Eagles? I think his name was Knox Cox Paul. He was a like a defensive tackle for the Philadelphia Eagles back in the day was was Jab in them?


I don't know. I think his name was like something Cox but Paul. But he was like a, that's just a la that's a wild last name. COX. Yeah that one. But he was like good but when Bush was the president he came walking by, he was like, I heard you a Cowboys fan. And he was like, who told you that? How You know that? He was like, yo, we about to beat they ass. It don't worry, don't worry about it. You gonna beat they ass too. What the fuck you talking about? I was like, damn, Fletcher Cox is his name. Shout to Fletcher Cox. What the best. Yeah. He was like, you gonna beat they ass? I was like, yeah, I I like them kind of niggas. Nah for sure, for sure. He was like, I don't give a fuck about you walking across the field. Nah, but I'm saying ae win the NBA in trouble. Oh yeah. Y'all thought sent the video was bad. It's oh AE can with that being suit, my nigga gonna go crazy next year and I can't wait.


Nah, for sure. His roster gonna get updated rosters. There you have it. The order towards a freaky mike. No, wait, wait, wait. Before y'all, before y'all go, I have to ask one question. Okay, go ahead pop your shit. Where do y'all think y'all would be without me? Man, get the fuck out here. Or the story of the freaky Mike back on iPad. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Does that mean y'all, y'all wouldn't be here right now? Probably. Nah, you, you helped us a lot and I think I'm on my flowers. We on our way to be a big, big, big media company here soon bro. With your help. So we appreciate you. Shout to Freaky Mike doing You be doing some fuck over here sometimes, but we appreciate you for sure. Nah, I'll be honest bro. I don't think this podcast will work if you Well I'm part of it. That's true. That's a fact. Alright babe. DJs turn.


Nah, I that was, bro, I'll give you yo your flyers all the time, bro. Especially from a business aspect of things we get done bro. A lot of stuff would not get done because of conferences. You are, we're having conversation with people with Handle Business. I always give you a flowers on that. That's why he book our Ubers and all that shit. That's why when we go out to eat, no matter who's with us, he pulls out his card. Like so he earns his key for, with that being said, his flight benefits is crazy. Oh my Momma Sierra. Ah, sabotage. Y'all this trip, this nigga don't let, we better real that on behalf of us. That is on behalf of us. That's a fact. With all that being said, I want y'all to comment, like, share, subscribe, but make sure the comment says pay freaky Mike. That's cool. That's all. Ask him how much his bonus was.


Everybody. Everybody I'm sure to God. Five 17 this Saturday. Yo, if you didn't get a ticket, it don't matter. We telling back nine everybody is in for free. Pull up, everybody getting in. Oh, I don't know if it's free, but you can slide but make sure your ass on time. Everybody getting in man. Just pull up at four o'clock. Everybody that has a ticket will get in most every, most definitely. Everybody doesn't have a ticket. We'll have to stand in line and we'll make sure that you are in eyesight of the stage. We want as fast as possible though. With that being said, make sure you pull your ass up at four o'clock. Don't be OCP time. We getting the cracking. Can't wait. Five 20 day dope merch. We got Bow Wow sliding through. We gonna have a good time man.


We gonna celebrate y'all. We appreciate y'all for fucking with us. So You know what's up. We'll be back next time. Club five 20. The Volume


Okay. Have you heard about this last year? Degree changed the forklift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old s sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush s sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


Welcome to the W where elite athletes are redefining the game of basketball from buzzer beating shots, jaw dropping defense and logo threes. The WNBA delivers nonstop action and world class talent every game. These athletes don't just play the game they elevated. The New York Liberty are the reigning champions and the Golden State. Valkyrie are the newest team to join the league since 2008. Watch the WNBA this season on A-B-C-C-B-S-E-S-P-N ion and Prime starting May 16th.


Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? My car is making this noise. Sometimes it's like do do and sometimes it's like, Do you have a dash light on? Oh yeah. And we don't have to listen for clues. With the free fix finder service, we can read a check engine a, B, s, or maintenance light to find the likely fix and even recommend a local shop if you need one. So You don't need to hear the Not with fix finder Everything. You need nothing. You don't get in the zone. Auto zone restrictions apply.


Imagine a toilet so striking it inspired a couture dress while the Kohler Veil Smart Toilet in Honed Black. Actually inspired creative director and fashion designer Laura Kim to create a stunning black chiffon dress. The Veil Smart toilet with its curved design. Deep, rich textural color, touchscreen remote control and customizable cleansing features can transform your routine into something extraordinary. And we all deserve extraordinary design changes everything. Veil Smart Toilet and Honed Black only from Kohler. Discover the Veil Smart Toilet and go behind the scenes of Kohler's partnership with lauraKim@kohler.com.


You're listening To an iHeartPodcasts.