
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and a hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway Because if people, I feel like this is why I always have a, I have a hard time venting to certain people who don't, who haven't been in this certain my shoes in certain situations. 'cause I like lot of people just don't understand. They don't care to, you know, a lot of people think money is everything, you know? So they think, oh man, you over there crime back man, you, you good. You got, yeah. And it's hard to even explain this to someone who doesn't, who isn't there because they don't get it. You know, if, if their problem is money and you got money and your problem is something ethically moral or something else, right?


They don't even understand that. No, because it's like, my boy, I need, hold on, I'm gonna pay rent this month. You crying about what they want you to wear on screen, you know, something like that. Like they, so they don't get it. So then you have a hard time with that. And then, you know, therapy is also an interesting thing because it's like you, I just feel like, like I get it, cool. We all need to be paid, but it's like, I gotta pay you to listen. So how much do you really care? Sometimes you need somebody that's, that doesn't have a dog in the fight. What does that mean? You so country. What does that mean? What does that even mean? Somebody doesn't have a vested interest.


So I want somebody here that they don't benefit or not benefit from what I'm telling them. Right. And now I want you to give me an honest assessment based on what you've heard, based on what I'm dealing with. What you think the best course of action should Be. Oh, like as far as a therapist? Yes. Okay. Yes. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't talking about, you Know. Yeah, I get it. Yeah. Okay. Because I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I've been to therapy. I've gone to therapy on and off for 20 plus years. Yeah. Because I need to know why I am, how I am. Fair enough. I need to know why I do certain things, why I say certain things. Why move in a way in which I move? Why am I easily triggered by certain things? Right. And they give me an honest assessment of why I, they think that I react the way I react and I need to know.


How'd you find that? How'd you find that home for the, like that therapist that you were comfortable with where you referred her? Did you Yeah, the course said I needed to go to Okay. And said, if you don't, you'll put your ass in jail. Alright. It was easy. It was go easy. Like, yes ma'am. Okay. What time I need to be in there. Okay. I, so I showed up for sure that that's what happened. But it, it was, it was, you know, to actually hear these ladies like, explain to me because you know, I've had, like I said, over 30 plus years and, and they was like a, a big gap in between. And to hear one doesn't know about the other.


And they're telling me pretty much the same thing. Mm. So I was like, okay, I see the issue. Mm. I see. The problem Was you stubborn. I was, 'cause I'm a very prideful man. I work extremely, extremely hard and I don't, I don't like when I think people are trying to take advantage of me. Right. So I'm a buck. I feel that I'm, I'm, I'm going. It just, it is, it is what it is. And it took me a while to understand that, that even though somebody might disagree with you, Shannon, they're not always trying to buck, they're not trying to buck against you. Right. And so I had to like soften a little bit. I, because I don't feel, I don't like people trying to take advantage of me. 'cause I was always small.


I was, I felt I've always tried to have to fight to get to where I got to. Right. And so now you try. Okay. Play with me if you want to. You Ain't taking it on. Nah, nah. And so and so, I I I'm a big proponent in therapy. So You was defensive. Very. Yeah. Very. I understand. Because I don't, ain't Going for it. Nah. I don't play about me and I don't play about my family. I've always been like that. Like, you know, I don't know if how it was like, if you talk about somebody's mom now you had Yeah. You had to show me. You could whip me. You talk about Mary Poor to my grandma. Yeah. See that's some old, Yeah. Yeah. But you had to show me. You could whip me and Oh, you wasn't going all your mama jokes, man. Nah, I don't play. I don't, there's certain like, like I grew up in a time Yeah.


Where you didn't, didn't play. Like you don't, you, there's certain things you just don't play about ya. Right. And I grew up in that era and so I still took that mentality and a lot. Now I just have to, you know, Shannon, you just gotta let stuff go. Yeah. PE a lot. And sometimes people that kind of grew up in my era, they understand. But this younger generation, y'all play too much. Oh, for sure. All that pranking stuff. I don't, I don't play like that. Right, right, Right. I got kids to play with. My kids will tell you, my dad didn't p fight. They wanted to do a MTV, they wanted to punk me one time on MTV. My older daughter said, nah, he not the one to punk. Right. Say he'll tear this whole thing up. Yeah. And I would've, because I don't, I don't, I don't play like that. I don't, I've never been, I've been a very serious matter of fact type of guy and you know, people that see me like, yeah, he, he don't play.


What, what is that about? Grew up how my grandfather, my grandfather say, man, don't play. Mm. He say he was very matter of fact, he was very straightforward. All that he like, Hey, he hey all that Kiki kid. He wasn't about it. That's Some country. Yeah, It is. Yeah. That's some, that's some, that's some country old sound, like some moonshine shit right There. And so that, but that, that's, that's how we grew up. My, my uncles were all like that. Everybody that I grew up around, I come, we grew up around older people. You know, we go get our haircut. The barbershop is littered with old men and you know, they playing check, you know, they playing checkers and things like that.


But it wasn't no joking. Right. I don't remember hearing old men tell jokes or joke with one another like that. That was serious. And so I kind of grew up in that area and that's how I am. So I don't Really And it just stuck with you? Yeah, it stuck with me. So for me to, to like have a, the joke, I gotta really, really know you. 'cause I don't play with everybody. Right. And so I understand that. And so that's, that's how I am. And so I, you know, therapy's like, hey, you need to less, you need to lighten up. Right. Everything is not that serious. And so, so for me, it's just works better that I stay to myself. That's Fair. I just stay, I, I know. I know who I am at the end of the day. I know who I am and so I don't want somebody to put me in that situation. So I just pretty much stay. Well you gotta show 'em who you is. Yeah. And I don't, I don't, I done got too old now.


So I don't want to tell have a tussle. Not only that, life is pretty comfortable. We don't want to have to have a tattoo. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Lifeman life. Okay. It ain't Yachty, but it's okay. You know what I'm saying? It ain't Yachty, but it's okay. You know. I do, I'm doing okay for, for a po Hustler. This guy here, this, this guy. You know what I'm saying? I'm doing okay for a po hustler. This guy, man. Who's this guy talking about? Man, this guy. Lemme ask you this. You don't smoke, you don't drink. Yeah. You don't really party. How have you been able to stay so clean? 'cause a lot of the industry is like that. That's a part of the industry. How have you been able to abstain from That? Well, alcohol burns your throat and smoking makes your breath stink.


Okay. What about the party? It's just not fun. How you get, you know, they, they be out. I get I how you appall. How you appall them. Yeah. We got to get the internet. Oh, you slide For sure. That's how I get around. I don't go outside. They respond. Not always, but shit. I got a, I got a pretty good track record. I do. All right. Dang. I got like a, a step cur free throw percentage.


Whoa. Step shoot. Like 90, 91, 90 2% About. Right. That about right. That's about right. Am about right. You can't make 'em all but you make most. Yeah. Yeah. You gonna miss a few. Yeah. But the ones that go in, they re ooh, Most of them go in. Lemme I'll ask who. I'm trying to think. I asked someone, where do you think they have the best women? Miami, Houston, Atlanta, New York. Is there a state that we're missing? La Dc DC Oh my goodness. That's the beautiful, you know, autumn Easter better Than Houston. There's two different types of women. Yeah. Because Houston got one. Jesus Christ. I thought about moving to Houston and then I went there, I said I can't do it. Houston women all shapes and sizes.


Flavors, colors. Yeah. Houston is the one. I, but, but DC is the one too. DC has those beautiful Somalian women and all those like Ethiopian women. And just like, they don't, I just, you know, I'm just, I guess I they Everywhere though, you know, like they, they DC they're not everywhere. I'll take that back. They're not everywhere. They in DC in Houston, New York got all the beautiful Spanish women. What about The a Atlanta has the juicy is black women. You know what I'm saying? Just, just ripe like a pear or peach.


They will take all your money. Yeah. Yeah. I'm looking for love, man. I can't do this no more. Man. You know what meet you Yadi. That's what I'm looking for. You looking for love? Yes, bro. I swear when you're tired of young men, bro, my momma is single. I ain't tired of them. I'm gonna find, I mean, YI need something. When you get tired of 'em, when you get to the point, you need a lady de you know, same age as you. So y'all can experience gray hairs together and be old. Okay. My momma's around. I'm just, I'm just, you just think about it. You just do anything. Talk about it. You back. But here, here's the thing. You know what I'm saying? Half my age plus seven, Half your age. Plus I'm 56, half my age is 28 plus seven.


35 minus three. I feel it though. I swear to God. I, I, I, it's so funny 'cause like, man, when I was younger, when I was 19 on dating this chick, she was 27. Yes. Right. And, and I, it, it is a thing about you young. You go old, you get old, you go younger. But the, but I will tell you is for me, when, when I'm dating or getting to know a younger woman, it's just, it's the thing of like, man, they don't be known. You know?


And for me that's a, it's like yeah. Like it is like you just be you. They can be so ignorant to things. Right. 'cause they are, they have an experience. They just have experienced It. Exactly. Which I mean, in some experiences it can be cool to, you know, show someone things, but sometimes it's just like, man, I feel too old for this shit. You know? Like, and I'm only 27, but like, when I'm dealing with someone younger, because I don't part, I don't particularly like to, it's not that I don't like to, I just don't date celebrities usually. 'cause I don't go out. So I'm not like at like these events where I rub shoulders with like a famous woman. Right. You know? So like the women I, I'm usually like dealing with are usually pretty live pretty normal lives.


Yeah. And they don't, that's what I like too. Yeah. They don't, but they don't comprehend fully or understand the lifestyle always. Right. And also just me being a man is just like, I'm pretty like progressive and like, I think I like to, I'm good at communicating and, and I don't know, I just like to think that sometimes I run into the pro, the problems I run into are just like, it's a, it's like, but being but age don't mean everything though. 'cause I've met some older women who still don't get it. Right. Still don't understand and still just move away where I'm like, man, this is like, it's not even cute. That's why I'm on the journey. I'm on the path, man. I, you know, I'm on my, I'm on the love boat.


Yeah. I used to, I remember when I was in college and I see these, these girls, these older men trying to date. I was like, man, get your old ass on out here and date somebody y'all age. Now I'm that age. And I bet they probably Right. I love, I love older women so much. You Yeah. 20 when you, but when you get my age, you won't be loving it. Well I think That Hopefully you're married. I was about say by the time I get to your age 50 plus, I really Do hope you've been married for about 20 plus. You got like two or three people. 20 plus not, 'cause it not be I got married at 30. Yeah. Okay. I mean that's two years from now. That's Okay. You got a chance to really know somebody. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting advice coming from you.


But, But I'll Take it. But it's hard because if you're doing what you're doing, it takes a special type of woman. Oh, absolute. To to really understand. Yeah. That you got to travel, you got to do X, Y, and z and you don't have time. Because there, she's gonna have to understand, there's a lot of sacrifice for dating someone. A high profile. Be it an athlete, celeb, entertainer, whatever the case may be. Is a lot comes along with that. Hell yeah. And everybody's not equipped to deal with that, y'all. No. And don't understand it. And my life's a little different 'cause I'm a NightOwl. I'm up all night sleeping all through the day. I'm, I'm so, I'm, I'm so paranoid. I don't like going places. So I don't really want to do too many things. Right. Because I'm always looking, I'm looking over my shoulder everywhere. I'm like, I just, I'm just paranoid, you know?


And it sucks. It's annoying but it's just like, it's how I am. Yeah. I'm just a homebody. I've been wanting to be home Because you know, like you look at a comedian. Yeah. It's kinda hard because all their thing is at night, everything, everything they do is at night. Right. And so now, you know, okay, I gotta perform nine, 10, maybe I'm getting off at one o'clock. I'm still on this adrenaline rush I gotta eat. And so I probably not getting to bed till four, five in the morning. Yeah. But I don't go to sleep till like eight, nine In the morning. Yeah. Studio all night. Hold on. So you go to go to bed? Eight, nine. So how late do you sleep till like five? No, I sleep till like 12 one. Well, I can't say anything 'cause I like that you, I want to get four, five hours of sleep a night.


But how Many you need? I wanna sleep like I did when I, when I was in college, I wanna be able to sleep eight, 10 hours. But that was a good old, that was, man. Do you know what it's like to get a good, like, I don't know if you've ever had surgery. I wanna be able to sleep like that one more time. I don't even know what that's like. That sound crazy Man. I would, Hey, you know how you, you go to sleep and then you just like, they going to be like, okay Mr. Sharp, we going, we gonna start the ib. I was like, okay. I was like, you know, I'm looking around like, hey, you know I'm getting everybody the next thing I know, Mr. Sharp. Mr. Sharp, you're in the recovery. Yeah. Like, Damn. Oh yeah. Now that's how it was when I got my, when I put the diamonds in my teeth, I remember walking in and then woke up at the hotel.


This shit was crazy. And they told me I peed on myself. Ah, Be Cabo. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She told me I peed on myself, but I had different pants on. So that means the nurse had to see. Yeah. I Don't, I had to see me on. I don't, I I don't know y'all, I have just kept that one. I took that to my desk. I took that to my grave. They Said it was natural though. Like, 'cause when you go down for such a long time, like you, you, it just pee. Just chill. Fuck. Like we Nigga big 27, bro never wear that. Niggas pee. You know what I'm saying? I wasn't in my right. Mind niggas pee all the time. It just little. They say look, they say if you in desert, that makes it feel good. If you're in the desert and there's nothing to drink, You the, you in the hospital room.


That wasn't clay. You wasn't No, you were, you wasn't stranded on the old decade Phrase. I wasn't. But that happens. I'm saying, But I'm looking at your class, you U Bird 21 Savage. Yeah. Do you have a relationship with any of those? Yeah. It's cool. God, it's cool. It's cool. I I, I think I, If you do the homie, I mean, look, I, I, you know, Hey, I got room for one more homie. I, I fought, I fought with all those guys. I mean, I got love for all those guys. You know, like, it is cool. I, I talk 21 the other day. I talked to court that night too long ago too. Right. I haven't spoken to Denzel in, in a bit and I haven't been talking to Uzi in a minute, but No, just different.


Okay, we gonna move on. We just, we're just grown men living life. But it's no problem. I don't have no beef. I don't have no beef with nobody. I'm, I'm like, I'm, I'm at the point where like I don't, I'm getting old bro. I don't, beefing is corny to me. I don't, I'm not finna be no old age. Like I don't like, like this music. Like we doing entertainment. You wanna make someone get somebody some good energy. Turn 'em up. Cool. I ain't got time to be beefing nobody, bro. It's too much money out here. I'm trying to rub shoulders with billionaires. That's what I'm trying to do. And I'm, and I'm trying to get, and yeah, you feel me? Whatever money they ain't got, they'll print some more. Man. I swear I'm not trying to block no opportunities based on beef. Y'all can go beef man.


I'm trying. I beef with the irs. Nah, don't beef with them. I'm losing that. Lemme ask you this. How, how have you been able to land so many brands? I mean you at Nike, target, McDonald's, Fortnite, Nautica, urban Outfit or Sprite? Chef. Chef Rd, Puma and C four Energy, UGGs, ax. Damn. Reese's. I don't know if you said Reese's, man, we can keep going. That list is extensive. You have your own frozen pizza company. Yep. With Walmart. Nike shoe. Nike deal. Yep. What else? I mean I did, I had a You said Nica Nautica was created. Urban Nur, Sprite, chef bar D Man that it is Boom, C four.


That's what, that's why Gimme me Chills. That's why. See, That's Why Reebok had Reebok deal at a time. That's Why you could spend a hundred thousand month. Yeah. See that's why I can't, it's, I ain't with nobody. No, I think, I think again, like I said in the beginning, imagery is everything. Okay. Right. So I never, like, this is my first face tat I got this a couple months ago. Like, I, I never, all my ta my whole body is tatted. But it's like past always kept like a shoulder. You keep Oh, so stuff's covered. You can cover you. You know, I've always kept a shoulder. I never, like, I just got the back of my neck tattoo. I always kept all this and this and this clean, you know, even though we in a society now, it doesn't matter anymore. But yeah.


It's, it's a lot more acceptable than it was. Yeah. 10, even 50. Definitely 20 when I was growing up, boy tattoo. Oh yeah. You couldn't even, it wasn't, you know what I'm saying? That meant you meant worship the devil. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So I Wanted one too. I wanted to get my ears pierced. I wanted to get tattoo all that. Right. My mama said when you get 18. Yeah. And this was, I was like, think I like 15, 16. My mother said the same thing when you get outta my house. Yeah. Yeah. I, I was like, damn. Yeah, because all, all my, all my friends were getting like, getting ear earring, getting an ears pair. I was like, mama, I wanna get my, she's like, when you get 18, you graduate high school. You can get as many as you want. Yeah. I ain't want it then. I Wanted it. But that's why they do it, you know, because it, it, it because you, you got damn open your eyes up. I, I met so many people that regret certain tattoos because you just was doing at a young age.


So like Yeah. I ain't got no task. I'm just, Yeah, there you go. It ain't for everybody. Nothing. And we black. Yeah. You can't even really see this shit. I think you got me a little bit. My But do you see your hands? What the, is he Talking about this man dark as shit? I think you got me a little bit. Y think you Than that alcohol. I think you got me a little bit. YI just Saying man, that alcohol Closed. You Put that alcohol in your hand, there's gonna be a clear difference in which is lighter alcohol. This boy. Alright. Okay. Alright. Lemme ask you this.


You've gone viral several times, Not always for a good reason, Not for a good reason, but painting your nails. How did you come, how did you come to that? So, you know what, I'm gonna paint my fingernails. I stole that shit from Rocky. He did it first. Okay. But he did it so long ago and I was painting my nails. I was always painting. I just had clear coats. Yeah. And then I was like, man. 'cause I was always around him and I always thought he was still, to this day think he's just like really cool. And so I started doing it. But then after I started doing it, everybody started doing it. So I stopped doing it. D Wade a well you, as you was mentioned, kid, Cuddy, Tyler, creator Drake po.


I mean, and, but you know, you know what comes along with Pink car, gay. Yeah. I mean people, I think, I think, again, this goes back to the conversation about people not being comfortable in the masculinity. It also so interesting in me, like, it's like who gives a, I could see if I was like, if I was gay and then I was like coming at the, it is like if I was DMing all the men in the comments like, Ooh, gimme your booty. Then it's like, all right. Be be confused. Right. I don't know any of you. Right. Right. And like, and I be, and I'm not so like, who, why are you so worried?


Right. It'd be one thing if I was like on social media, like, kids be gay. Right. It is good for you. I'm not like spreading a message of go be like, like nigga, I'm, I'm over here doing me. Like I don't get it just me on Dick bro. Paul. But they do. It's so weird. People spend so much time worried about other people. Like that video when you was walking in that store. Yeah. And you had them extra, extra, extra, extra, extra skin tight pants on. But like, why do people give a fuck? You feel me? I remember seeing that being like, why y'all so bothered? Who gives a my man like your skin tight? I, Hey, hey. You know what I'm saying? Total the wines. I appreciate that. Hey, y'all need to go out there and buy some Shaa by La Porter. Total Wine. Thank you so much for your support.


Hey man, you need to go buy that little laport shade, man. That shaa butter liquor, that, that shaa butter liquor right there. You know what I'm saying? I don't go. People are, people are infatuated with Other someone else's sexuality. Yes. But even more than that though, just like all kind of things like, just like how people sit on the internet and comment about other people's lives. Right. It's, it is mind blowing. But it, it goes back to the thing about celebrities and it's like, man, people just, like, as much as they love to praise celebrities, they love to tear down. So, you know, and it's, it's so weird. 'cause it's only in our culture. Yeah. There is no white shade room. You know, there's no, there's no Mexican world star.


Yeah. I mean, 'cause I'm, I'm looking and I don't, I try to find, and I don't see nobody calling other celebrities or athletes or Entertainment. There's no Irish people over there talking about how tight they pants is. It's not happening. And they, they and it, they not going back and forth over rapper's, baby mama's in Italy. It's not a thing. You know what I'm saying? And it's, I never cared though. Right. One thing about it, I like always like to make that clear. I was never bothered. Like a lot of it be funny to me. I laugh a lot 'cause it just be so outlandish. You know? I think the thing for me is that when it, they started that, that bull jive and I was like, you know what?


I was like, man, I don't really play like that. Y'all trying to play with my name and you know, you put something on the internet, it spreads like wildfire now. And I said this and, And you country and you from the south. So how'd that affect you? You, Because they, because they, because they, what they try to do, they try to emasculate you. Right. Because in our community try to, you know, try to minimize somebody, especially me, you see a big old black guy and he gay. I have never met anybody that said that to my face or say, oh yeah, he got feminine wave after That happened. Did you have people that you've known your entire life ask you questions about it? Because I, that's something I dealt with. Like, people would text me like, are you, I'd be like, bru, what the fuck? I've known you forever. Yeah. What are you talking about? I, I haven't, but maybe somebody says something to somebody.


But no one has ever said that to me. I've never had anyone that says, oh, and it's e like I said, it's easy to get on your computer and say certain things. Right. But when I see these people, that's not what they say when they see me. Right. And I'm like, okay bro, if that's what you feel, why you all up in my face if you think I'm like that and I know you feel this way about these type of people. I'm cool with it. Hey you cool. I'm cool. We ain't gotta, we ain't gotta get down. But I just didn't, I didn't like the fact and it took me a while to like, she look, that's not messing with your money. Right. I don't, I don't got no problem with nobody. That's just the way I was brought. Now look, I grew up in rural south Georgia. Obviously that was not accepted. And when I was, you know, in my grandparents' home, they felt that way.


I felt that way. But when I got out and I could think on my own, I'm like, these people ain't bother me. Right. These people ain't never done anything to Right. Why am I disliking them before what they wanna do with their lives. Right. That ain't my life. How you choose to live don't have no bearing on Shannon Shark. A hundred percent. You could have 50 baby mamas, you could have 50 boyfriends. You could have 50 girlfriends. I don't care. Because if you ain't financing me, if ain't feeding me, if it ain't f-ing me, it ain't got nothing to do with me. Right. So and so I had to, I had to learn though, Yachty it was, it wasn't easy. 'cause like you said, I'm from, I'm from three hours south of Atlanta. Right. And everybody that knows that when you go south of Atlanta, it's all country. And I didn't, I don't that that bull Drive, I won't play that bull job.


Nah. That bull job. So it, it took me a while. And so now I let 'em say whatever they wanna say. Right. But like you said, them views and them checks still coming in. Amen. So it ain't impact nothing. Amen. So keep it coming. Yeah. But, but Fat Joe said, got people started, rappers and entertainers started painting their nails to get attention. But I think if you, if you do, I mean if you got good music or, or you do good fat Joe. Hmm. You cool with Joe? I Love Fat Joe. I love Fat Joe. Yeah. I nail polish now. You got a company? Yeah. I, I did have a nail. Yeah. Yep. And invest are a real big nail company.


OPI. Who? OPI. Oh no, no. OPI. But it's so interesting. I don't know why other people did it. I did it 'cause it was cool. Right. And it, and it set me apart. Right. Everything I do set that I ever like, it set me apart. And I stopped because it stopped setting me apart because it became so cool everybody Else for doing It. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But I started because it was me and it was my thing. And I, and I loved the fact it made people uncomfortable. 'cause it shouldn't. But if like you ain't comfortable enough and you, I walk around you uncomfortable. Oh yeah, you a sucker. You can't, can't nobody make me uncomfortable. Right. Unless it's a bunch of broke people that's gonna make me uncomfortable. Then I'm gonna start gripping on to my pocket, my wallet and Right.


Locking the door. Right. You know what I'm saying? But other than that, can't nothing else make me uncomfortable. Not your sexuality, not the way you look. Not you missing your front teeth. I don't care. You know what I'm saying? But people make bad decisions when they ain't got no money. So. Right. And I got some, so I'm gonna beat the decision. Y'all make the bad one off and I'm gonna get up outta there.


Get the most anticipated new releases with a Disney plus Hulu Max Smle up for an adventure. Always on Max. The HBO original, the white Lotus returns. What is this place? Explore the Marvel universe with what if on Disney plus Avenger a symbol. And on Hulu read between the Lies on Paradise. You are the last to see the President alive plus so much more. Here we go. It's the ultimate bundle for an unbelievable price. With plans starting at 1699 a month terms apply, visit Disney plus hulu max bundle.com for details.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game Today. Terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


I'm Grant and I'm your new Bachelor. A BC Mondays. Is this real? Is he real? The Bachelor is back and the ladies are head over heels tall, Handsome, smart. He's perfect. It's an all new season of romance. I'm 110% ready to fall in love. My love story is gonna happen. And of course drama. These other girls are dating my boyfriend. You act like you don't care. He knows How I Feel. I did not know how hard this would be. The Bachelor Monday's eight, seven Central on a, B, c and stream on Hulu.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic 'cause we came to play Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


Lemme ask you this, yadi. What have you learned about dating since you've become Famous? Oh man, I could a lot. Okay. A a lot. A lot. A lot. A lot. A lot. I haven't been around the world and back, you know what I'm saying? And again, like I said, I, psychology is my thing. I love it. So I love talking to women. And I man, that's so funny. I was having a conversation with, I ain't gonna say his name with a homie yesterday about this, but like, so much because so many women are so different. But they go through a lot of the same things and they have a lot of same mentalities and it's, you know, I can only speak for my, my generation, but they kind of want things that like the material side of love when you date someone who got money versus like actual love and a lot like a lot of women.


Just like, I don't, I think you get so caught up in like a lifestyle that you don't build up real character development. You know, you just kind of get accustomed to a certain lifestyle. I, I learned that Rushing things is bad, right? Like I, I I I've acted off impulse of lust multiple times and I've, and I've been constantly, I don't wanna say humbled, but like reminded that it's lust, you know? And, and, and I get showed like, man, this was, you was acting off of what temptation and what you wanted, you thought you wanted, you know, off visually versus feeling something out going slow and really getting a, a grip on understanding of why I even have interest in this person.


I learned that physical appearance is such a small part of a relationship because when you think about sex, it only lasts so long. You know? And then Before yourself, the Rose Marks When you're popping them Grandpa period. Yeah. What I'm saying, when you popping up grandpa pills, you can go, you know what I'm saying? You can goddamn, you, you, you be, you gonna be stick tough for couple hours on it, you know, you can break it back to like a, Like a truck owner, an energy drink all night. Yeah. All night. I ain't there yet. You know what I'm saying? See back in them days when, you know was for albums, who got that in me, man.


I'm give you maybe two songs off the album. Track one and track two. And then we gonna call it a night. I swear to girl, we gonna call a night. We'll figure it out in the morning. We'll figure it out in the morning. You know what I'm saying? We'll figure it out later, but I ain't I'm not giving you track one through 16. I ain't got it in me. You know what I'm saying? So how do you, how, how does Yai differentiate who likes Yachty for Yachty and who likes Yachty for what Yachty can provide? Well, is that the hardest part? Hardest? No, I think it is figuring out the opposite. Like how do, who, who do I like for them and not like who do I just want to be like sexually intimate with, you know? And I think that takes like I was saying like, you know, sex is such a short part of the day.


Yes. You still got 23 out from me, 23 hours and 45 minutes left in a day. So like, you know, I'm trying to, you, you want to be around someone that you enjoy being around. Correct. You know, outside of that, that you can talk to, that you could ride in the car with, that you could bounce things off of that you can laugh with, that you can confide in and trust that they, they won't turn it against you. Use it against you. Take it and tell somebody else. Yeah. You know, so for me it's you, you just have to experience things. And for me, I experience a lot more women than great women. And I've also, I I'll take responsibility and say I've met some good women in my li women in my life that I've maybe like just wasn't Wasn't ready.


Right. And, and Look back like damn. Yeah. F up a good thing. I always thinking life was meant for you to come back around. Oh, you'll let us spin the block. Yeah. Hell yeah. Come on back around here. You let us spin the block for real. If I up Yeah. If I'm the one. If I'm okay. Oh, ain't nobody ever missed out on me. Like, if you miss out on me, you okay. One thing about me, I know my value. Yeah. As a man, I know what I bring to the table. I know what I have to offer. I know the knowledge on steal and I know the effort I will put into helping a woman grow. Right.


And growing together. Yeah. So I have no fear in like finding, knowing I'll find someone. 'cause I know I'm a good catch. I know I'm the catch. You know what I'm saying? I'm that od catch that one, catch that one hand that I'm that catch that's here. I'm, I'm that catch. That's the catch. I am. So the First time he did it. So like I, I don't have no fear in like finding a good woman. And I I What happens? A woman ask you like, Yachty, you gonna post me? When we gonna post we gonna make our post? Oh no. That's, I we never, we would never, I would Mm. We never, I would, we'd never, we never, never, never. Even if, if I even felt that energy, I would know this ain't that.


'cause I don't do that. I have one picture on my page right now and it's the tour dates for the tour I'm about to go on. Right. You know, I, I just don't believe in it because people feel the need to voice opinions. It's just like, it's this whole thing with my kid. Right. Like I, I deal with, it's another narrative that people think I'm a dead 'cause I don't post her. You like, I don't like I don't need the validation. Right. You know, there's something like, man, mother, my child would go back and forth but heads on, but I don't need the, I don't care for, I don't need no one to like the picture. I don't need no one tell me. So cute. Looks just like you twin. I don't need that. I, I see her. I can look at her and see that we look like, I don't need you to tell me. I don't need you to tell me her outfit house. And I don't need the, I don't need the world to know.


And I don't give a, I don't, like, I don't care. I'm not trying to make a TikTok dancing with her. Like, by the way, that's completely fine. That's what you're into. But my kid didn't ask for that. Right. I'm not gonna make her a celebrity. And she didn't ask for it. Right. You know, because I know the power I have. I know if I did it, I know what she'd be. And she didn't ask for it. She didn't ask. Every time she go ask someone asking for a picture, recording her, filming her, you know, I like the fact that she can go out with my sister or with my grandma and like, they're not noticed. You know, if I put her on the internet and make her a star, people gonna stop her and always want pictures. And, and she's a kid. She ain't, she that'll be a kid if she get up and say like, daddy, let's do, let's make a TikTok and whatever. I, we gonna do it then. Right. If that's what you want to do.


Right. But I'm not finna choose that path for you. I chose this path. She didn't choose this bet.


NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs. And the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player to score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking book. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon For new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


You said you were one celibate. How long did that last? Because a red man, red Man said he was celibate with no effects. I said that. Wait, I said that. Yeah, You one celibate because it was like you had you learned about yourself, you said you had so much sex in diluted. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well I I it wasn't like a celibacy thing, it was more so like I just wasn't, I didn't care to have sex. I still don't. And I mean, like, I, I, I, I can and I, but it's not like I, it was a point in my life when I was like, man, I, I gotta song every night. That was what I was on, you know, because I thought it was just like what you had to do at night. Right. I used thinking you wind down, you gotta wind down in some cheeks. Yeah. That's just what I thought you had to do. I thought that was life. Like what?


Why are we not, why I'm not winding down in cheeks. It's weird. I was, when I was gonna sleep long I was like, this is weird. Ain't no cheeks right until I got older stuff. I realized I don't, I don't need that. And it started getting to the point where I used to be like, I started running outta ways to get people outta my house. Like I, I was, I was never like they don't Want to leave. They don't wanna leave hard. They like that. Yeah. Well I'm a go, I'm good at, I got good conversation and I'm not the most direct when it That's so weird. I'm direct with everything except for like leaving, like when it's time to go. Oh yeah, let me go. I gotta go. I got this appointment I gotta get to. Yeah. And it's three in the morning. Yeah. I, yeah. I gotta go to the Oh, you want me to go home now? Drive safe. I gotta get a, I gotta get a haircut at 4 45. Yeah. A boy coming over. Yeah. It's five O'clock. Yeah. Yeah.


Well we do late night sessions. We Got some business to talk About me and my pastor. Gotta Yeah. But You know, don't eat that. But it's just not, I mean I think I, I don't quite be quite fair. I like, IIII like oral sex a little more than just other sex. You know what I'm saying? Like, so because it's quick and Speak for yourself. Yeah. I mean we know like guess a personal perfect thing. You know what I'm saying? I, I like, I like, I like, you know what I'm saying? That's just, just women who good at doing that good. Do you know what I'm saying? I think God be about to blow your back out with sex. Like I like to have sex with women. I like, you know, it's a, it just feels completely different versus just every time I have sex with someone I really don't care about, I'll be like, damn bro, this shit suck.


It does bro. Like, I like to have women I really know trust and like, because I'm not a, I don't really love condoms. Right. And you can't just be going around anybody raw. Okay. So, but yeah, I try not to. Yeah. Oh look, let me get this right. You once dropped a hundred thousand on the Disney World vacation. God, why you embarrassing me? You're bringing The flying private. God shut down the whole park. I ain't shut the whole park down. And that wasn't your lady. No I didn't shut the park down. I just did She better gave you bun for like a year straight.


Nah, I ain't get no bun either. Wow. Dang. I didn't get no blinds either, bro. Yeah. That was embarrassing. You. You ain't getting no, well well It wasn't embarrassing 'cause nobody knew about it, but it was like, it was frustrating because bitch, what's wrong with you? You know what I'm saying? You see what I'm saying? But, but she was, She had to be bad though. Yachty. Oh She's very beautiful. Good woman too. Great woman. And you Ain't circle back, you ain't try again? Nah. 'cause she wasn't really my type for real. You know, you just been a hundred bands on her. What you mean she not your type? I think physically she was my type, but like Okay. But like, I just wasn't worth it. I could have kept, I could have, I could have kept trying. I'm sure. And I probably would've succeeded at the mission.


But like I, it wasn't worth A hundred. It was, it was more than a hundred. A hundred was just the jet and the hotel. This man High, the hotel was 55 grand for two nights, two, three nights. The Ritz president. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. You got a couple over with it. Come over with it. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Come over with it Yachty. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I was ready 55 for two nights. At where, where we, what was It at the Ritz, at the, the presidential suite at the Ritz in Orlando. It's nice. God damn. It's Nice. It wasn't nice that she didn't come up out it, Nah, it wasn't, that's saying like, you know that I used to believe in that saying like, man, girl, she this place, she gus to girl. That's not true because there's no way. That room was nice.


If a girl took me to that room, I would give a song. You know, she, she, if I was quitted like that, I'm definitely dropping draws for So Why lemme ask you a question. You said physically, aesthetically she's your type. Oh, she was beautiful. Yeah, she's, she is beautiful. Maybe so. And she, I mean clearly you rolled out the red carpet. You wanted it Yachty. I mean you might sit here and say that now, but you, you, you tried to get it. Yeah, But I also, I did it for me. I never been to Disney so I was like, I want to, I wanted the best Disney experience possible. She was just the one I took with Me. I know Bob Iger personally. I can get you a Disney pass. Yeah. See I didn't know that. I didn't have that for, didn't have that. I, I didn't, Hey, you gonna move straight to the line. You get a lot the ride, you can move straight to the front of the line.


See, I, but see I ain't even do that There the shit we did, we was going behind the rides. We was in the car. I I Can do that. Yeah. Well, I mean, Mickey, hey I get you Mickey and PTO and all the Yeah, I think I was just, I I told you bro, I was very over the top. Like I did, I was sporadic. I did just the craziest things because you lo you only live once and I'm fortunate enough to be able to do that. Well I have died. I spent all that money ain't getting no. Yeah, yeah. No, it happens. I think you better try, try again. Go back out. She a boyfriend now. He ain't got more than you. No, but, but, but I'm, I, I take a big bank. Take little bank. I I never been a home record for real.


Once I see you got a boyfriend, I'm like dope. Oh, okay. You right. You be rec you were home, Right? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You wreck homes. No, no. And the door, front door is closed. You go around the Back door. No, I don't. Nope, nope. You kicked out. You tell a Damn. You tell me you got a guy. I'm good. Okay. I'm good. Yeah, because it's a certain type of, a certain type of feel when they hear it's like a professional athlete or somebody famous. Now he gonna try to buckle. Oh, you, oh you think because you got this bro. No, bro. No. It ain't like that. Yeah, I, I agree. You tell me, you tell me you got a boyfriend. I'm good. Same. Definitely. You tell me you got a husband. Yeah. Forget this conversation.


Absolutely. I'd appreciate if you race, Unless you come knocking on my door. I don't care if you got a husband, I'm gonna shut the door in your face. It's never happened. But if someone with a husband came knocking on my door, Nah, hell nah. It's like I, you asking for trouble. Yachty, a man might not even want that woman anymore. That's his wife. He might not wanna be with her no more. Yeah. Let another man show interest in it and see what happened. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, so in, in that case, do you think it's, is it his fault? Like is it the, the guy who came in's fault or is it the wife's fault? Leave it alone. Just leave it alone. Ya, you don't need No ya, you can have any woman in the world. Yeah. Leave that alone. That Not any woman.


But I It is a, it is a, Yeah. A lot of 'em you can have, you might not could have any, but you could have your, your step cur percentage. No. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Leave that alone y'all. Well, lemme ask you, what about celebs? I just heard, I wa saw a little clip of it. One of your exes was on the show And He, he was on the show talking about your pa or your parent relationship. Shit. You know, somebody sent me this because they heard that I was going to be, I was gonna be interviewing you. Oh Shit. And they, they said it to Be. Yeah. Yeah.


What about it? Tell me, how'd that make you feel? That somebody bring up something that happened years ago? Yeah. I was a shit person to her, so, and she was really great. So great. So I get it. She was a great person though, man. But Did she make a song about y'all when y'all were dating? I Don't know. You do though. I know, bro. I don't know much. You Haven't met her family? She got, Have I met her family? Of course. I know. Yeah. Where's This going? Her sister Dogie. Okay, we gonna leave it with you? Yeah. Let's You like, you wish she hadn't have done had that conversation.


She could have kept that Crap. No, of course not. Of course not. That's the First time she ever spoken to us, ever publicly. And she, I honestly think she was pretty respectful. I don't think that she didn't shit on me. You know, I, I it's, I know what you talking about, but like, it, I I, I brought it upon myself. It's not Sheta no loss. Did you apologize? The Music is a little bit more dramatic. Yeah. It's not as deep. That's another reason why women think I'm such a bad person. You know? 'cause the music is so dramatic that it makes it seem as if I was just like, who's a person? I know it's coming to bang right now, but just like I'm a person.


Did I apologize? Yeah, maybe. I think so. Maybe. I think so. But our relationship is such a long span. Right. You know, since like high school. So like, it's long and blurry. Yolo bro shouts out to her tons of love and, and I respect her. Right. Lemme ask you a question. What type of father are you? You mentioned like you don't wanna post your child on social media because you chose this lifestyle. She didn't choose it. If some point in time down the line, she's like, daddy, you know what a, let's do X, Y and z. I'm cool with that, but I want my child to have a normal as a child life.


Yeah. She possibly can. Right. For as long as you can. Right. What type of dad are you? I, you know, First time parenthood is, I think I only have one. So, but I assume the First time was always the most unique because you so like fragile, y'all, you know, like as far, like even when I'm in the house with my kid and like the mother of my child and my mother, my grandmother who passed away, my mother's mother, like I said, they worked in steel mill, she from Indiana. And she didn't play, my mama didn't play until I got rich and famous. Then she started play all damn Davis.


She didn't play at one point, like she was mean. And so like punishing her, like if mother of my child's like, no, and she started crying, you know, mother, her child, she spoiled her. So she's like, oh, it's okay. And I'm like, no, you tell her no, she got, damn. No. You know what I'm saying? Like, my mama old school. So like, she don't like, she just, she from a different era of discipline. I'm still working on it. I drive, I be trying to discipline that. But it's the eyes, man. Like I don't understand how you could look into the eyes and be like, no, you know, it, I think you just have to, and For you to be able to do that, because a lot of times we raise kids how as how we were raised.


Right? And I was damn sure raised like that Because my, you know, my grand, you know, grew up with my grandmother, but, and my mom, they was very, my grandfather, very disciplinarian. It was not, you know, if they said no, you didn't ask why they told you, you know, Hey, you hungry. It's time for you to eat. This is what you do eat. It wasn't like though, I don't want this. What? Right. That's how, that was how I came up to, yeah. I can, I can never imagine Questioning my, my parents. It's hard though, man. My, my daughter, she is, but I also see the spoiling. I can see the toll is taking on her attitude, you know? So it is also important that like, you, you do have to be a certain way or still start to think that it's their way or the highway.


Right. And that, you know, I don't know. I'm, I, I, I'm fun, you know, my, my, my daughter is, she's getting to a age where she is very curious on everything. And she's very funny, man. She's so funny. And, and she check out quick, you know, like she can be there, then she can quickly, like she is no longer worried about this. She's on something else. So I think I, I, I do a lot of watching her observing, you know, I never spent time with a child until I had one. Right. So like, it, it's, it's fresh and like new. So I think I'm like extremely observing and I think I tend, I'll tend to be just like my father was and just be as encouraging as I can.


And whatever she takes too, I'll just, you know, lean more into that. Just be supportive. Yeah. You're not on child support. How did you convince your child's mother not to put you on child support? Sh said a number that was healthy because I didn't, I thought that child support probably would've had a crazier number, but I said a good number that she was cool with. Yeah. But shit, you want More kids? I, I might as well be on child support. Goddamn. You want more kids? Yeah, I want five. Five. Yeah. You see a healthy number times four more. Man. I swear to God too, man, That, that a hundred thousand. Yeah. That'll be your child support unless you buried Yeah.


Type shit. But I, but I, I want to, ideally I want to the next person I have a chat with, it, it be a family. Okay. I like that. Yeah, that's what I want. That What I want too. Yeah. I'm too old. I hear that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. But that's the goal, you know. But I do, and I don't want the kids to be, I don't want my daughter to be too far in age from her siblings. So You bro, how old your daughter? 7 8, 3 33. Okay, well you about to get started, bro. I know, I know. So it's gonna be four. But at best case scenario, it's gonna be four years separation. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Four, five.


Hopefully. I just can't, I like, man, I wish I want, I'm, I'm telling you, I'm looking, I'm sure there's some prospects out there. First round draft pick. First pick in the draft. The Yachty draft. I don't know. Yachty and legs. I Don't know, I Don't, five foot eight. What's the, what's called when the NBA go for the players that didn't get drafted when you take Drafted? Free agent. Yeah. I'm we doing that. We, you Drafted free Agent. I'm just saying, we gotta open, y'all can come in and drive. Oh, You want open try. Yeah. Y'all can come to the gym. Come to the Gym. Oh, just come to the camp. Let check y'all out. You know what I'm saying? Type, because my Instagram dms is messed up.


That's, I need Instagram to fix my dms. For some reason I can't see who DM me. So like, I feel like I'm missing up. Oh yeah, because, because unless you follow them. Yeah. It won't come through. And it's just so many people DMing me. Yeah. So my, my my, this that bull job all messed up, you know what I'm saying? So I need Instagram to reset my DM so I can see who trying to speak to me because I don't go, no. So the women that I meet, the women that I reach out to, Okay, them the ones that you want, Man. Nah. When a woman reach out to you, that's, I think that's when, Well, she might be reaching at you for, for, for, you know, because you, Yachty, Maybe it's only one way to find out. You gotta roll the DYS in life when you have out at a cigar lounge or whatever old people do and, and a woman walk up to you and she, you know, tap you on your shoulder.


How you doing? Or They don't do that to me. They don't. I mean, but I'm more of a homebody than you. Okay. So I don't, I don't go out, so, okay. No, that nobody is like in The airport And Jordan's with me 90% of the time, Jordan with me. I'm from point A to point B. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm in a hurry. I'm going there that look, I I where I am, bro, I, I ain't got time. Yeah. Look, I'm, I'm trying to build this media and, and, and, and women want time and Oh, you make time for what you want. Yeah. Okay. That's what I'm doing my media company. That's what I want. I get it a hundred percent. So, so, So you, So you saying you not looking I got one eye.


Nah, you don't know. Look. All right. I, I mean, you know, I, I got, you know, you know I ain't, you know, I ain't yacht it, you know, I can't just slide in somebody DM and get 'em to respond. This Guy crazy. Is that 'cause you don't know how to send dms or what? What is that? I, no, see, I know how I send Dms. You can, you can slide in some dms if you want. Ain't nobody gonna respond. They gonna say oh high. It just depends on how you do it. You older. So like, your game may be a little rusty, virtually. Hey, your virtual game may be different than your in-person game. You Got what I'm saying? I'm a LeBron James. I got 22 years in. You know what I'm saying? There you go. LeBron been in the NBA for 22 years. That's true. Nah, I ain't got no game. Ain't got no game. Hey ain't I ain't got no game.


Y'all aint got old man. It is what it is, man. You know, you just send about that LA Porter, let 'em know. You mean serious business, You know, coming that with a knife. Yeah. Bottle La Porter in one hand. Flowers in the other. Although a lot of young women don't drink brown liquor. But see, it's, but see we can make a side card. We got different ways and it take some of the edge off it. Okay. Yeah, man. Okay. That sidecar, What does that mean? It's a drink. Oh, it's a mixed drink. Okay. You know, women like mixed drinks, right? They like little fruity drinks and stuff like that. They Nah, you ain't gonna drink, you ain't gonna take that to the head. Nah, no, no. Not Straight. No. I, I don't want 'em to, I don't want, I don't want 'em to. Well, lemme ask you the talk top five rappers in, in a TL right now In Atlanta?


Yes. As far as like popularity or a lyricism, Whatever you want to call it. However you want to go. This is your top, this is yachty's top five a TL rappers Think Future Young Thug, Lil Baby 21 Savage and Playboi. Carti. That's what I'll say. Okay. I like, and that's just as far as like the, the most popular representing Atlanta. That's not in order. Right. But that's my like top five. Okay. Yeah. In Atlanta, Georgia. Not all time. Atlanta, Georgia, just right now. Okay. Gimme a top five rappers all time in the A TL Andre 3000 Future Young Thug Gucci Mane.


That's four Ti. Okay. Yeah. That's a nice little list. Yeah, I like that. Yeah, I think, I think that is like Yeah. All time. Yeah, absolutely. We got, you know, the best, I think the best rappers You've Came from here, Been in the studio with a lot of different j Cole, ca, Kanye, Drake, future, Cardi B Scissors, Young Thug, baby Gunner, Playboi, Carti, Travis Scott Quavo, Offset. What's it, I mean, when you go, lemme ask you a question. When you go into, you go into the studio with, so what, what, what's, what's ya on?


Depends on, it depends who I'm going in there with. It changes it, it changes. Depends. It depends. If I'm coming to, am I writing, am I producing, am I, am I collaborating? It depends If you on, if you on the track. Yeah. You in studio With someone else. Yes. You trying to, you trying to burn it. I'm trying to have fun. I like, it depends who I'm going with. Again, if I'm going with a, a well-respected lyricist, I'm trying to show my game. Okay. But, but I usually like to, I don't collaborate that often, but when I do, it's fun. Making music alone is fun.


So when you're collaborating, it's super fun. You know, unless they kinda suck or they're taking a long time, then it's not fun anymore. But I just like to have fun with it. Right. You know, you make good ones, you make bad ones. Can I ask you why you, you and Nikki had a beef, you said you wouldn't work with her because your allegiance to Cardi, Cardi B. Yeah. You wanna attract that or you I I, I have, and by the way, I respect both of these women, right. Aside from the differences. And I think they are both very talented women in the industry who have rightfully so on the way to the top.


And to be honest, I really just, I hated that I even answered that question 'cause I kind of just inserted myself in something that had nothing to do with. Yeah, but you blocked you. I'm still blocked. You still blocked? I'm still blocked. Drake can't even get you unblocked. Huh? I never even asked him to. It's cool. I I I love Nicki from a distance. Have you, you seen her? You love Cardi. Like you said what? You Said. You said her. Yeah, I did. And I was so scared to talk to her, bro. What the hell bro? She in person. If you think that she is like, she look away online in person. She's just, she just like glow like a, like a, like a what's some things back from the 90? Those light beams, those that you plug into the wall.


Those crystal, those light, those ball, those like lights that had like the electric, well you plug it in the wall and it had like the electric scene. Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Those like lava lamps. Yeah. She just glow like a loa lamp and she's short and she's so beautiful and she just walk around. And what Is it about with the women though? It seems like Nikki has, you know, her and I guess Meg don't get along and, and Nikki and Cardi doesn't get along. And then Remy mind this one. Don't get along. I don't what, what is the women? I don't know, but I love 'em all. Yeah, I do too. I love, I love all of y'all. My new favorite is Glo though. I like Gorilla. Gorilla is sick. Glow Glo, gorilla Sexxy, Redd Doci on Doci.


Man. All these women are killing it right now. Yeah, Man. All all, you got all these new women. K threes killing it. Fucking Molly Santana, bk the ruler. I so, so much got a big up Ice Spice. I just, all the women in the industry are just like so sick. Right. I respect 'em and I love 'em. All, all all women artists in the industry. Ti wagg, all of 'em killing it. DreamDoll, all the women in the industry. I, I respect. And they earned they Right.


And keeping hip hop and they putting on for the women. Yeah. But yes, Glo Rilla is just thriving at the highest level. Yeah. Man, I, I love Glo. I mean, She's sick. She's authentic. Yes. She's herself. She ain't trying to, she's country. I love that. Yes. Yeah, exactly. That's what I mean when I say she authentic. She ain't trying to be nothing else. And she got that energy man. Yeah, She does. She Does. Yeah. All of 'em them Barb was on your head though. Yes. Them Barb was on your head. Yeah, I know. They was in your D Hey, you got some DM D and I bet you saw those. And the craziest thing is that I was a part of the Barb. I love Nicki bro. Still. I still do, but I get it. I say what I said and I respect it and I take, you know, but I do always any chance I get I and I, I, and I love Cardi too.


I love all of them. You know, it was just, I was young and I inserted myself in some, I really, really ain't had no business doing it. So again, it was apology to Cardi, to Nikki and to Cardi because Cardi didn't ask me to. She didn't say Yeah. She didn't say go there and speak for me. She didn't. So I apologize to all that. And I, I I tell you man, I never put myself in no ever again. I swear to God. Lemme ask you this Sarah Ghost writing. Where are you on ghost writing?


Get the most anticipated new releases with a Disney plus Hulu Max bundle up for an adventure always on Max. The HBO original, the white Lotus returns. What is this place? Explore the Marvel universe with what if on Disney plus Avenger a symbol. And on Hulu read between the Lies on Paradise. You are the last to see the President alive plus so much more. Here we go. It's the ultimate bundle for an unbelievable price. With plans starting at 1699 a month terms apply, visit Disney plus hulu max bundle.com for details.


Whether you're Ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


I'm Grant and I'm your new Bachelor. A BC Mondays. Is this real? Is he real? The Bachelor is back and the ladies are head over heels tall. Hansel smart. He's perfect. It's an all new season of romance. I'm 110% ready to fall in love. My love story is gonna happen. And of course, drama. These other girls are dating my boyfriend. You act like you don't care. He knows how I feel. I did not know how hard this would be. The Bachelor Monday's eight, seven Central on a, B, c and stream on Hulu.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic because we came to play Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort


Because I mean, some people like, okay, Shannon, blah, blah, blah. And then some people are like, nah, if you a true mc, you gotta, you, you gotta put pen to pad. It's Stupid though. You know? Like, it, I think, I think that like it is, it's, it's a collaborative effort. It's music. No one is saying go make a movie by your self. True. It's entertainment. Right? Like it takes a team to put together a record that you know and love. And I think that you are just like lost in the sauce if you don't like a record because you feel like someone else, someone should have did it alone. You know? Or it should have been a hundred percent true or all of the components in the story weren't authentic to that artist. Right. What are you talking about? If you like it, like it, if you love it, love it.


If you hate it, hate it. Right? No one gives a, because there's a person for everything. Right? I think that, yes, I understand the MCing and rap that like it's built off of your skill capability. And I think that people confuse it too. They don't understand that you can do both. Someone can help you make a good song and you can be a really great rapper. You know, a hook, someone helping you with a hook or a melody. It's like, it's just a collaborative effort on that. Or even helping you with a verse. It's what the fuck. You know what I'm saying? Like, I, I, man, but people don't understand how music is made. Right? Just like they don't, people don't understand how a lot of, you know, they don't, they just like take a headline and run with the narrative.


Wow. Yeah. How did you and Drake become so close? You ain't gonna turn on them of you. What? You ain't gonna turn on him because he was close with, he was close with a lot of people. Hey man, hey man. Call it glazing if you want to, man. That's my brother, man. That's my, that's my, that's my big brother man. How they Turn on a man like that? Dude. Yachty. I think that, again, this is a conversation I'm not gonna insert myself into because I have learned my lesson on this shit. So I beat big Drake, help. Every Drake done pulled a lot of people up to the top.


I don't know, man. I don't know, man. I don't know. Come on, Come kick. So you, I don't know man. I, I I, I do think that, I don't know. What'd you think? I think that he is a great guy and that he's done a lot for a lot of people. And I also think that, you know, when you're at the top for so long, I think like, you know, like it's only so like, I don't know, you know, but I think it'll be back. 'cause one thing he can do is make hit records. And that's what it all, that's all it boils down to at the end of the day is can you make a good song or not? You know? You gave Kai Sunnet a a a, you leaked the song to Kai purposely.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I leaked a bunch of songs with God all The time. Why? Why you? But you couldn't get it cleared because of the sample. Why not just remove the sample so the song could get played? Oh, you couldn't get a sample cleared, right? No, no, no, no. Oh, oh yeah. The song Drake. Yeah. It, it didn't have the same effect. Okay. Without the sample. He actually did remove the sample when he put it out. And it, it, it didn't have it, it Didn't hit like it was Supposed to. No it did not. So what's the, like, say so how much do you, what's a a a typical price for a sample? How much you gotta pay for a sample? 5,000, 20,000. It, they Vary. You know, that sample specifically was like just a, was a guy on social media who kind of, it was his voice.


But like, man, samples can vary depending on how popular that song is. You know? And who owns it? Who owns the master and the rights to it. So it can vary, man. A sample can be a hundred grand, A sample can be 50 grand a sample. But that's a one time fee. Right? Yeah. But but also they can take publishing so they can, you can have to pay them and they can take the right. No, no, no, no. Don't work bro. Bro, if I'm paying you a hundred k, you done, I'm done with You. No, you paying me to use it. But it's still my voice and it's gonna play forever. So I still need a piece of that. It's crazy. You know Steve, You know what night that you mentioned that? Yeah. I had, we had that cj remember we had that with a song? I said, oh no, Somebody used your voice. No, We wanted to sample the song and it was gonna be 64,000, but it was gonna be 64,000 every year.


I said, oh no damn. I said, oh no. Oh, You didn't use that record, did You? No. You didn't. Yeah, we, we use, we get helping. What's the song? CJ Nipsey. Nipsey. Okay. Nipsey awesome. Yeah. We can work with that. Yeah. Got no problem with that bro. But you not finna just wreck me across the cold. No, because you think we got some money that ain't Finn to happen. That's what it is. As a matter of fact, we just start showing the video. You see little Yachty talking with no intro. There you Go. Y'all, y'all ain't fitting to break me off. Hold on. I don't wanna do this. I don't wanna, 'cause I don't wanna to get you in trouble. But Soldier boy thought your SOD super circle was a dis to him.


You co soldier. Now I don't know why he thought that was so ignorant. It was like completely, it was clearly showing love. Right? Like, I, I, so it's just so interesting 'cause he knows I was the biggest Soulja Boy fan ever, like my entire life. Right. You know, and, and I was always open about that, but I think he was going at Drake, he wasn't going at me, but, but that song was clearly like love right. To him it was no way a dis I don't, I don't understand his logic on that song, but shout out to Soulja boy, man. I think Soulja Boy is a unique guy. You had Drake, you had j Cole on your pod.


Yeah. And obviously he was, it started out in, in, in this little thing, this battle, this beef or whatever you wanna call it. And he's like, nah, I'm done with this. Are he and j Cole are he and Drake, are they cool now? I don't know. That's a good question. Streamers versus rappers. Yeah. Are streamers big into rappers now? Absolutely. Some of them. Damn. Yeah. Hell yeah. Double Quit. Johnny, you supposed to say, nah, you supposed to fight It. Kai is got it. Kai and Steve. Yeah. Are they are.


Yeah. You know, and like QVC, QXC, like a couple streamers, not all of them. Right. You know, and it ain't bigger. Aiden Ross or something like that. Ada Ross is pretty big too. Ada Ross is bigger than a lot, a lot of rapper. So lemme ask you a question. If you were to compare Kai to a rapper, who is he? He Drake, He of streaming? Yes. Absolutely. Wow. Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. He is just Drake a streamer. Wow. Yeah. And then you got, you got Pla boy Max, who is killing it right now, bro. Pla boy Max is like, I haven't met him yet, but like I'm a big fan and I, and, and we kind of connect in the same way. Connected through Face Clan. And he's just like really getting young black dude and he's just doing his thing and he love music and he just, he putting on for the underground culture in a different way, in a different light.


And he, he, he's killing it. I I, I appreciate these, these kids just going in front of their computer and like being themselves, you know, rap iss a lot of like fake personas. A lot of fake Right. Like, streamers are just them. It's just that's who I am. This is who I am. They could be a little corny, sometimes a little cheesy, but that's just them. Right. You know? And that's just what it is. You had an artist leave the group, your label caribou. Oh, what happened? You gonna fix it? I tried. I really did try. I tried to, man, I swear, God, I tried.


I, I, I care so much for her. It just didn't work out. You know, we had different views, we had different mindsets and I just can't tolerate disrespect. Is it hard to try to manage someone else's career and do your simultaneous? Not to me, not in my head. Not at all. I don't, I don't think so because it's so different, you know, so complete different lanes, you know, and, and I cared. Right. So if you care, you make that time. Right. I, I don't, I don't even wanna sit here and like bash her. Right. It is just Different of, different, of opinions.


Different of, No, it wasn't even different opinion. I just don't tolerate disrespect. I don't. Okay. Especially when I'm doing for you. Right. I don't, I won't take it, you know? Should you? And sometimes I don't even think it was on purpose, man. I think she just kind of like, I don't know. I don't even, you know, I don't You leave it alone. Yeah. I don't even, Alright, check this out. Okay. Now you stepped into a new career, a media career. You got podcasting. How's that going? I kind of stopped. Really? Yeah. Damn. You just started Yachty. Yeah, but it, it was an extra, I did it for a friend. Don't Make him rich. You want help him out. Make some Bread. Yep. Yep. And, and it just kind of like, man, it just kinda, I don't know. We, we kind of fell Out y'all with separate ways.


Yeah. And All. Yep. And, and, and I and I, you Falling out with a lot of friends, Yachty. I'm just saying. Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm, I'm tired of just doing, I'm removing myself. Okay. You know, like respect to them and, and I hope they live great lives and do great things. But I, I, I bro, this shit go years beyond right now of me being there extending my home and opening my, and sp spending money and taking people around the world. Like I've been there Right. Way before anyone knew these names or who these people were, I was there for them. Right. And like, so I don't like, I'm over it. Like I'm over it now that people got some Fame and fortune in that and they like, I have certain ego. They feel like they need you. It's not, I I don't, you don't need me.


You know? I don't ever want nobody to think they name. You don't need me. But like, we gonna have respect. Can y'all reconcile this? The, the, you say y'all were friends before. Can you reconcile? Maybe. I don't know. It's not in my brain. I kind of, I kind of move forward. I kind move on and kind of just look forward. I never really turned backwards. Can you do, can you really genuinely authentically mix friends and business? It's hard. It's real Hard. It's really, really hard because there's certain conversations that are hard to have with friends. Especially like, because in just business sometimes it's not gonna always be beneficial for you or that person.


And when you're friends, you kind of, friendship is kind of built on like equal partnership. Yes. You know, and it's just not how Too beneficial. That's Just not how business is all the time. You know? So it's really hard. You know, you gotta be an egoless human being, which they exist, but it's, it's hard man. Right. It's hard. You know, I I I've tried multiple times. Have you read, you change your number on everybody. You got a whole new number? I change my number all the time. Why The hell you changing your number all the time? Because it, because it leaks these hackers man. They want the music. My number leak all the time. Oh, okay. Yeah.


Is rap is let me hip hop. Yes. Because we talked a lot about is hip hop dead? Is it never gonna be one That was One? I don't think So. You Don't think it's dead Or I don't think it's dead. I, I think that you have peers in life where things, you know, slow down and people figure things out. But I don't think it's dead. I think that there's a lot of dead talent Yeah. In it. Right. But I think there's also a lot of really great talent that doesn't get the light. I think that, I do think there's a lot of whack Artists weighing it down.


Yeah. And they do superficial things, you know, like these marketing schemes that go on. But, but who the am I right to talk about it? So Yeah. But no, it's not, it's absolutely not dead country Music and Latin music is past it. We're down. Yeah. We're not dead. Yeah. It is down. But it was down before Pop was above. Absolutely a hundred percent. And I think that you'll never know when, but it will because the culture, it is just, it. We, even if we're down statistically, we're still leading in, in in cultural views. We're still leading in like we're the coolest.


We're who everyone gets there looks to, you know, we're who you always, you still put, you gonna put a rap feature on your record. You know, like we're the inspiration. So Yeah. Are artists too concerned about first week sales? Absolutely. Rappers are. It's not in any other, other genres that rap. So rappers are. Yeah. But but it's 'cause it kills, it, it, it's so weird man. First week numbers kills the, kills the perception of of taste. Of of, of what we like, how we feel about something like man, something could be like kids downplay a project based on the first week numbers.


Yes. You know, without even listening to it. Or, or, or like, or, or the first week numbers would be good and then they'll be like, oh, I need to get this shit another shot. I need to listen to this. It's okay. How Do do numbers, how does that, like how does that compare to the con the conception of the art? If you like it, you like it. If you hate it, you hate it. I really wish we could ban it, but I'm pretty sure you can't. But it's just so ignorant. It's stupid bro. You know, because it, if, if you like it, you like it. If it's good, it's good because it can be good and didn't reach the masses. That doesn't make it any less good.


Right. You know, and man, I remember I talked, when I made a, I made a alternative album, you know, I made it with some of my rock fans and fam my family, like my friends and like who have these who live, who tore all around the world. Even like, you know, I was talking to a good friend of mine, Fredi again, who was one of the biggest, you know, DJs around the world sell out stadiums. And he'll tell me like he'll drop a project and it'll do like 5001st week, you know, 6,000, 7,000. 'cause everyone ain't got, everyone's not just running, like running to it. They work jobs, you got lives, you get to it. When you get to it, you don't just first night come out, have to run to it. You know what I'm saying?


It's kinda like our culture thing, you know. And even in rock bands they're like man, like albums grow over time. They work albums for a year or two years. But everybody used to those big sales where they used to do 500,000 copies or seven 50 a million copies and you know, x amount of copies in the first week. But I don't think that's gonna ever be like that again. I don't yadi I don't think, I don't think you'll ever see it Won't because of streaming, you know. So where are you on the streaming platform? I Love it. I mean, I think it is what it is. I think we need to make it a little bit more accessible. It's hard to push it on streaming platforms. It's not as easy as like you just go on your phone, press a button, you gotta upload through all these things to get it up there. I feel like it should be like SoundCloud where you could just go and I could put it on Apple Music, my myself.


Right. You know. But it is what it is. We could complain all day, man. Where, Where, where are you on the TikTok rap when people make songs just for TikTok? I don't know man. It's kind of gimmicky, right? Like it's, it is cool, you know, but if it's natural, it's natural. But like a lot of it be real gimmicky. Right. Lemme ask you this, it seemed to be a little something going on with Drake and LeBron Drake does have a tattoo with LeBron's high school jersey on him. And I don't know, maybe somebody said he took a shot at him.


Academics is all spreading thing said LeBron is doing. I I I hate that. I hate what academics is doing because, but anyway, if there any, if there any truth, I don't know if you know anything about the the beef alleged beef supposed alleged. 'cause I don't wanna be out here starting to room with myself with something going on between Drake and LeBron. 'cause that was, that was his man. He walked Bronny out. I think when Bronny first had his, you know, came back from his heart thing he dealt with and, and Drake was there and they seemed to be cool. Drake would sing LeBron songs his record before they hit the main mainstream. What, what's going on with that situation?


Is that a factory? He said, now you got. Yeah. You know. Yeah. I like, I I like those. I have one very similar. Yeah. I just got the platinum with the, with the, the baguettes and the diamond with the sapphire With the platinum. With the blue face or the with face? No, it got the diamond. It got the diamond. Diamond. Oh, You got the diamond, diamond face factory diamonds. Yeah. With the, with the baguettes. I don't have that kind of, you Know. Don't do that. Don't do, bro. Look at that. Lemme get that right there, bro. This Is this, this is not The Yeah, yeah, I know what that called. But this compared to, that's a, I mean that, that's a, that's A, i I don't want you to get hit over your head leave here. That's, but that's, That's, that's a beautiful watch you got there. You know, The green, I wanted the green, I wanted something, You know, I like the you the the rose gold green face. Yeah. But that yellow gold is really nice with the diamonds around effect.


But I got that, I got the, I got the rose gold also. Oh, the rose gold green face With the diamond do. Oh, with the diamond do. Yeah, diamond do rose gold. Yeah. And you got the, and you got the paddock too now. Yeah, I you got the padd with, I just got the paddock, you know, gotta pat little paddock, you know, little so little something. Yeah. You got a collection on You. But that, that what you got. This is this and you got the big diamond. Oh this is, oh. Married to, you know, married to myself. How, you Know, what, what Is that by? It's about 15, 20, 16 carrots right here. See two carrots all around. Then I got different carrots in this one. It's a, it is a chunk. You know big boys right here. Woo. Yeah. Yeah. One of 'em shaped like a Football. 6, 6, 5, you know what I'm saying? 6, 6 5. So you Now you do realize like the woman that you eventually posed to, I came with the rock gonna be bigger than mine.


It gotta be. Yeah. Hell yeah. Hell Yeah. How long that fit in? Yeah. Plus the two round plus. So you probably sitting on about 20 total, Right? Nah, there's way more than T. Way more than 20. Nah, that's 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18. So it's, yeah, 20 around 16 on top. Right. And then you got 6, 6 5. You got 16 my teeth. So you sitting on down there 40, 50? Yeah. Without no bracelets or necklaces or nothing. Yeah. Oh Man. They see little, those little oppo. But you lemme cover mine up. No, no, no, no, no, no. I can't see that right here. No. After they see that right now. Lemme cover this Up right here. I got an obsession with, with diamonds. Man. I always need to go bigger.


I mean, how do, I mean, how do you, like, you don't want No, you didn't want no pinky ring. You you I used to have a pink ring back in the day. I used to have a big diamond on every finger and I thought that got kind of country and I was like, damn, I told you I'm a guy. So I was like, man, what are men or robbers doing? And I walk around with engagement rings. Right. So I did that because most men like the super bowl type of ring. Yeah. Just stick. I like the engagement style. So you So you wanna take that nine to get that to, to the O Bowl? No, that's cheap. You can't do that. That's cheap. I can't take it off my finger and give it to you. I give it to my daughter at one day. Well I may just wear this as my wedding ring, but I gotta I gotta get you your own ring. That's special to you. That shows you that. I thought about you and this is for the civilization of us one day.


I don't know when that'll be. I can't, you know, there's no rush. Right. I I be, I be trying to think like, I don't know how long I would date before I would feel like I'm ready. I, I guess it's just a feeling, you know? It's a feel. Yeah. Yeah. It's no time limit on you. No. Yeah. But It could be a month, it could be a year, it could be two years, could be five years. Right. But you'll know When we get there. You gonna get there Tour. I see you going on a tour with Tyler the creator. Nine Months. You ready? That's a Long time. That's a long time. It's a long, long, long, Long, Long time. I never toured that long. Ever. I'm excited though. Yes.


He's a big mentor of mine. Right. Inspiration. And he, I learned so much being around that guy. He truly is a genius. No glaze. Tell us about the, the rolling loud walkout that got turned into a meme. I don't know. I don't know how to happen. You can't man, those type of things. You can't, you cannot produce them. No. You know, it just happens. Yeah. I don't freaking know. I was just like, that's how my shows are. You know, I, we have energy. So like, I think it was just a, it just happened. Right. Cool thing though, you know.


Cool. It was just shot a moment. That moment in time was shot and put up and it did what it was supposed to do. What's Your craziest interaction with fans? Mm, I don't really have that many. One time a fan showed up at my mama house with a suitcase trying to, at my mom's house through a suitcase at night trying to move in. Was a woman. Yeah. And she just sat running the doorbell. She look good. Not from the security camera. No. And it was like, how did you get her address, you know? And she sat there until the police came. Damn. Police escorted her off. That was kind of crazy. I also had this one fan that was like, man, she was obsessed with me and like, she was real mean to the mother of my child when we were together.


And she was, she was kind of crazy. And she was like, she was a gangster. Like she would she show up like she would buy tickets. She would like do meet and greets and I would be like, you're crazy. You're here. Like, like you're crazy. Yeah. And she's like, smile for the picture. But she was crazy. She still is crazy. But that's about it. Those two, that one chick that was like, she was just like, man, she was, she used to really raise havoc on my BM and then the chick just showed up at my mom's house with a suitcase ready to move in. Trying to literally move in. Wow. Yeah. But I don't have too many crazy interactions that I remember.


Thankfully. I hope I don't want no crazy ones. As we wrap up, is there anything you'd like to promote? Is there any special projects you got coming out that you want to tell the fans about you? Nah man, I got microneedling on my back. So expect the summertime will come around. My skin should be evened out. All the acne on my back gonna be gone. So we gonna be showing a whole lot of back this summer. You've been working out. You ready for the tour? You ready for the tour? You've been working out, doing cardio? I've been, I've been mentally preparing myself to, for the idea of working out, but I haven't got to it yet Because you know, Hey, you what, 27?


27. The hardest part about working out is starting. Yeah, it Is, It is. So that's, that's the hard part for me. And it should be easy 'cause you don't eat ish anyway, So No, but just that first few times beat your ass and you're sore and you, you got damn, you're sweating and you wake up the next morning and you can barely get out the bed and you aching in your joints and your arms feel like noodles. I was saying you gotta go and get it done. 'cause when you jump in the flying around across that stage. Oh, Oh, I know man. I walk up the steps and I can't breathe. Breathe for real bro. I'm outta shape. Like fuck. And I used to, me and my, me and my mother used to get up and we used to jog like five miles every day. And I just like, man, the thing about it for me is traveling so much throws off.


It does my schedule. Yes. And it makes it really hard to, to to, to keep a consistent sy routine. Exactly. It does. And then you back at square one with the, like, I've never done it before and it, it sucks, you know? And so I'm just trying to like break that wall. Hopefully I can start it on the road. 'cause we leave out in two weeks. So hopefully you, you kind just, you got the same routine kinda on the road. So I'm gonna try to implement a healthy workout regimen because man, it's such, it's, it's night and day. You know, I, I went every time in my life. I went like about two years consecutively working out and it was such a, you feel so good, so confident.


You have so much energy after you work out. I mean like I, I used to feel like I could conquer the world, you know, after times where I'd be so exhausted or like, you just feel good and strong and, and like you just like you, you ready? And that, and that plays a, a big part in having a good day and having good character and, and being nice to people. 'cause you feel it, you feel nice, you feel good and energized versus when you sluggish and you don't really want to be nowhere and you or you not really confident in how you look or how you, how you fit in the shirt, you know, all that stuff plays a part. Everything plays a part in, you know, the, the cycle of life. So I am trying, I am trying to, I'm going to vow to a healthy workout regimen this two or nine months.


If I do it the right way and I stay consistent at the nine months, I should be looking like you Little y of you later than gentlemen. Appreciate that bro. I appreciate You All my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Won a slice. Got the bro d the swat. All my life I be grinding all my life. Look all my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, slice.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic 'cause we came to play. Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


When it comes to playtime, never let your squad down. Unlock elite gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo,


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase Company.