
Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you When we come through it's true magic because we came to play. Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort. Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes.


Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise. Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible snacks like Lay's chips, garden veggie straws and planters nuts or sweet treats from M and MSM and Oreo plus many more.


Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards to save even more restrictions, apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. You didn't go through it with football at All. Not like this because It's hard. Football is hard boxing Because they UFC Hard. You are earning that money. Yeah. You're putting your Life on the line. They was like, first of all, I'm not gonna be six two, I'm not gonna be two 30. I'm not gonna be able to take those hits. I'm not gonna be able to do this. But they was like, man, I can get a camera and get a buddy of mine and I can do that. There We go. There we go. I promise you the harder, the nobody's upset at Floyd's money. Yeah. Because you don't wanna get in there with the good, the dudes that he got in there with.


Right. You know, nobody's upset at Marvin Hagler. Right. Making money. It was earned. You are independent. Yeah, pretty much. Well, what do you mean by that? Because you, you had a, you had a special somewhere you brought it back. Yep, yep, Yep. And says, okay, I'm gonna put it on YouTube. Yeah. What made you do that? They were just, they didn't want to do a couple of the jokes. They were in it And you were like, nah, I ain't taking no jokes out. Yeah. I didn't want to take any of the jokes out. I didn't. Did you Feel it would di dilute the special? Yeah, and also just like principle, I was like, You know, this is, You don't wanna start this. Yeah. I, You know, I just felt like, and then so yeah, I was able to put it out and the people like really supported it and it was awesome. 20 million views on YouTube, Got 20 million views on YouTube.


We also sold it and that was great. And like that just, it was, yeah. It was just incredible Money on top of money. Huh? It was crazy. It was crazy. Yeah. Yeah. People got upset at me for that. For putting it out on, for selling it and then putting it out on YouTube later. Bro, I, this is the thing. People will create narratives of anything. I'm like, every movie I ever watched, I saw it in a movie theater and then it was available on tv. Yeah. They, every UFC fight I ever watched, I saw it. And guess what? There's they and then it's there. They on Netflix or Amazon. So every movie that's been in the theater. So like, so in my mind I'm like, I'm just doing the exact same thing that those big billion dollar corporations do. You're not mad At them. No. But movie theater, hotel room, then it goes in Netflix, Amazon.


So, but this is the thing. It's like now the majority of people very supportive, but there were people frustrated about that. Yeah. And I even told 'em that I was gonna put it on YouTube, by the way. But it is, it is what it is. These are the things you just gotta, you gotta deal with. Have there been a situation where venues have canceled you? I did get a, I did, yeah. A few times that happened. Really? Yeah. The place where I was gonna film my special and I don't, yeah. Like we, we had to change it. I think that they were maybe potentially frustrated about the Trump interview. Wow. Wow. And then, but also, I also don't wanna, like, I don't want to punish venues. It's the, the like board, do You know what I mean?


Right. Like a venue is just a beautiful space, right? Correct. And the, the board makes the decisions for that venue. Right. So if the board changes, that venue can prosper and just be awesome. And I just don't wanna put a stain on a specific venue, but rather like maybe the people making those, People making those decisions. Yeah. And they're, You know, they just made a bad decision. Right. You know? Was it exp was it expensive for you to buy your special back? Yeah. For, for, yeah. Yeah. What have you learned about ownership? Because everybody's like, I wanna own, I wanna run a business. Yeah. But do people realize, realize and understand how much Owners is expensive, bro. Like you, I mean, you own an apartment goes wrong.


You gotta fix it. Yes. You know, when you're renting And you just get to call some guy, Hey Man, my dishwasher broke. Yo, yo, You even go, your dishwasher broke. Yo, yo, Your dishwasher Broke. Your shit is broke And you should come fix it. So it's like, Yeah, there, there are. But here we are, You know, complaining about privilege. What do they, what do they call this? Like champagne problems or some, but there are No crying on the yacht. There it is. There it is. But it is, there are different costs with it. But I'll take that any day. Right. Just being ha having control of it. That's what I Love it. When I think about like you in your life, like how much more liberating is it doing what you do now versus when you were only working for the networks?


Yes, I was talent. That's it. Now I'm in partnership with these sponsors and advertisers and things of that nature. We're partners. You're probably making so much more money too. I do. Okay. No, I know you do. Okay. No, You know, I ain't got no, You know, I ain't got no comedy special, but You know, I'm thinking about it. Yeah. Yeah. Yo, should we trade banks? Should we trade bank, bank accounts right now? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'd like to trade with you because you doing real well. Nah, Nah, nah, nah. You got more money than me, man. Hey, yeah. That Netflix money hit different 'cause I know, I heard what they paid. Rock and Chappelle. Yeah, you got that. You got that Bag. Like they don't pay the white guys that much. Man. Go ahead though. With there. They don't. It is a reparations thing.


That's D that DEI money. Nah, shout out Netflix, man. You know, supporting white comedians go. Yeah. When you made, when you got money, when you got real money. Yeah. What was the first thing you buy? You buy, you buy anything extravagant, Like first stupid thing. Yeah. I'll be honest. I got into watches for a sec. Yeah. And then I, I got away from, I got away from the watches. What you, what you get? Do You know Off catalog pieces? Yeah. Do You know Vone? Constant? Yeah. Va Yeah. I got the 2, 2, 2. That's a, that's a tough piece to get. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's like, yeah. Yeah. So that was my like holy grail. That's it. No, I got a few, like I got the ap, I got like a Daytona.


Yeah. You know, I got like the, the, you Like the up join Beautiful watches, man. Beautiful watches. But I don't have any of those. Why is that why you stop? I think if, I'll be honest with you, I think like I got them because it was like me proving to myself and other people that I had a level of success. Right. And then I think once I got used to that, like once I accepted that I had some, You had reached that level. Yeah. I didn't feel the need to prove it anymore to, to do it. Or I did different, like I buy something else. But yeah. I don't know. Yeah. My, my focus is like, what would be more cool to me is just having enough money that I never have to work again.


Right. So anything I do is purely authentically what I wanna create. Right. But I also got a daughter and then hopefully we'll be able to expand our family and like, You know, you have kids that shit gets, they want, You know? Yeah. It's expensive. Having Yeah. It's, it's, I mean, to, to like not work. I, I'm a long way from that, but I give myself five years you Could not work and like your just lifestyle would change a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. But you, I imagine, yeah, I don't wanna count your pockets, but I know you got enough money and not work. Yeah. You just gotta live differently. Yeah. Yeah. But I, I, I gave myself five years and I told the team, I said, look, save your pennies 'cause I got five. I ain't promise you anything after that. I can't imagine you not working.


I know everybody says that, But think about it. You've been, before we started, you were telling me that you were going to school full-time as a kid and then you were wrangling chickens. Catching chickens. Yeah. Claxton chicken portrait. Shout out the Claxton chicken portrait. And you were doing that for, you said it was six hours. So that's after school. No, we go, we go school. If we had practice football, You know, we had football practice, then we come home, do homework. My uncle would pick us up in the chicken truck. We'd get up probably, probably about nine. We'd probably have to go 30 minutes to 45 minutes away. Get there about nine 30. We catch anywhere between eight and 12,000 chickens. It take us about three, three hour and a half hours to get that.


We get home around midnight, one o'clock wash off. 'cause we didn't have indoor plumbing. We take a In the sink. I read that. That is, I read you didn't take a shower until you were 15? Well, I went to four H camp, but I didn't take a shower in a home until I was 20. My brother, my brother got us a home when he went pro. So that was the first time I actually took a shower in a home. What Was that like? You beat off, Man. I was like, man, because for the longest time, You know, we bathed in tubs, You know, we had to draw well water. We had to. Wow. So you're going to get the water in buckets, putting it in the tub and then heating it?


Well, we'd heat, a lot of times, like in the summertime, we would fill the wa fill the tub, A tint tub. Oh, so you fill it outside? It heats up Throughout the day and leave the sun. Leave it in the sun. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And heat it up. So we come home from work, we take a shower. Wow. We take a bath in the tub. Yeah. And you're sharing that tin tub. Yeah. So the last person that goes in, it's just, Well, it just, it was just me and my brother watching the tin tub. Okay. Yeah. I mean, it's just such a remarkable, like the delta, what you've been able to achieve in your life. Yeah. From not having like, plumbing or indoor, like a shower to where you are right now. Holy shit. Do you ever think about that? I do it. Do you have like a, a, is there, is there, like, do you feel entitled to your success?


Do you have the confidence to feel like entitled to it? Or did you feel guilt about it? Ever? I had to learn, I had to stop feeling guilty. 'cause I started to beat myself up. Like, what? Because I had accomplished so much and everybody else that was around me didn't. And so I, I wouldn't buy certain things. I wouldn't dress a certain way because I didn't want people to look at me. Yep. Yep. But then I started realizing they gonna feel that way, no matter they gonna feel that way no matter what. Why should I deny myself? Yep. How is that gonna make you feel better about yourself? Because I'm denying myself. Yep. Because you look at me, you're like, he got money. He can afford that. Yep. So I was just doing, and I was like, man, I'm done with that.


Yeah. You gotta live. If I want it, I'm gonna get it. If I don't, yeah. I, I, I dress in, man. You got all that money you dress in Lulu. Okay. And What age is this that you start to change your mentality? Post football. Yeah. Got it. Yeah, Because I was looking like, man, you, I mean, so a part, I, I felt bad. I felt bad because I'm like, man, I got this. Lord has blessed me so much. Yep. Not just monetarily but my family. Lord. You heard that the Lord, right? Yeah. We got him back. We got him back. He's back Boys. We got him. Okay, keep going. So yeah. And I was like, man, but Sean said, I ain't gonna lie.


Just like, man, one day I just woke up and said, man, look, I'm gonna do what I want to do. If I want to go spend X for this, I'm gonna gonna spend that for that. I don't, I don't spend, Was there a cat? There was no catalyst. It was just your frustration. Yeah. Because I, because then you don you Were living a fake life almost. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I was living for other people. I, man, I can't, I, I can't buy this 'cause people going to, they can't get it. So I'm gonna feel, they going to, they gonna look down and feel like, like I'm looking down on them and then I feel bad. Yep. No. And now, and now it's almost like you're, you're, you're like turning your nose up at your blessing. You know what I mean? Like, you've been blessed with all this. I've been blessed. And you don't have to live a life that like on people.


When you buy something for you, it's not on somebody else. No. And if they're gonna have those feelings, they can have those feelings regardless. But you should be able to Yeah. To trust. But I, but I, but I, I do get, I, I, I don't really buy a whole lot of stuff from me. Yeah. I do give back a lot. I am, You know, my, my financial people. Like, bro, it's okay. You, you can keep some for you. You don't have, you don't have to be. But it Feels good to give back. Right. It does. It, it really does. I've al and I've always wanted, I saw people, I just don't want people to know that I give back. So I don't, I don't do anything publicly. That's interesting. Yeah. Like yeah. Good for you on that, right? Yeah. Yeah. How was it roasting Tom Brady. Oh, that was pretty awesome. That was, That might have been one of the best roasts.


That was the old school roasts. Yeah. When, what was the guy like when they had Carol Burnett and all those Don Rickles, Don Rickles. Back then when they, A lot of stereotype jokes. Don Martin look, excuse me. Stick up. Lot of stereotypes. The guy named Dean Martin. Dean Martin. There's no way they could do con they could do shows like that anymore. Ain't no way they Did. We did it. Yeah. But y there was no Holes barred. There was Nothing But y'all, y'all were trained. But I'm saying that's a one. I don't think that's, that's coming back anytime. Because You know, back in the seventies, bro, it was crazy. If you look at some of the sitcoms. Yeah. They said the N word. They said a lot. Yeah, It was wild. It was wild. Yeah. But I think with the roast, I think everybody, well also, I think the pendulum is swung. I think culture is like moving away from sensitivity.


And this happens, like it moves away and then it goes too far this way. Right. And then you need to Correct. And this is just, You know, culture and America and The world. But that night was, that weekend was crazy. Really. So Brady Roast was Sunday. I did my shows at MSG Friday and Saturday. So my whole life I had one dream in comedy, which was to headline Madison Square Garden. I was born and raised in New York City. Right. So I have Friday and Saturday at Madison Square Garden, which we don't even know if we're gonna get the shows canceled because the Knicks playoff run. Right. Right. So literally so many things had to happen in the basketball playoffs for even to maintain those shows. Right. And then we go Friday, Saturday, and then I fly out Sunday to do the Rosa Toms, you flew private, didn't you?


They flew us out. Netflix did the right thing. Oh, they did the right thing. You fly private too though, don't you? Nah, it's too expensive. I'm not there. That's like the next level. Yeah. I have, listen, I have done it. But when you, when you do it, You know this more than anybody. But I, what I like doing, to be honest with you, I really like, 'cause like I don't come from crazy money. No. So when I get to do money, I love explaining it Right. To people who also don't have money. Right. Because I like to put them on game on all the, that You know, I get to learn about for the first time. Right. The jump from first class to private. Oh, it is 10 x. Yeah, it's 10 x. Yeah. So if it's PJ compared to first class And you in the last row by the bathroom, bro, it's in economy.


But it's so convenient. It is. You pull right up, the plane's gonna leave. When you want to leave when You want. Yeah. And you got food. Hey, what would you like? It's amazing. So what is, but that's the thing, it's like to fly private every single time. Ooh, no. What you, you need like a hundred million dollars or something like that in the bank. Like what, what, what type of people fly Private all the time. Yeah. Especially as much as we travel. Yeah. Because I, I mean, I'm traveling. I'm doing a couple hundred thousand miles a year. Wow. So, so you're doing every week you're on a plane Damn near. So, yeah. And, and basically the math for like private flights, You probably looking at, I mean, to fly full time, you're probably looking at three to $5 million to fly as much.


So me and good old Delta, You know, Delta, Delta's a bad, I don't even care if the plane spins. You know, Delta really is the best. You can't fly anybody else. Shout out Delta, gimme my 360 back. Yeah. Hey, lemme ask you this man. You know, y'all, y'all the hell no hoes Barr, y'all, y'all had no hoes Barr with Brady? Because y'all talked about the man. Why y'all had, they were killing the man. Even the wise wife, Ex-wife. That divorce must have been bad. 'cause he had no problem with those jokes. He was just like, yo let, he's like, he was like, don't talk about my kids. And we're like, your wife is cool. And he was like, eh, You know? Yeah. When, when Kev was, Tom is the greatest for doing that. But when Kev kept calling him the karate man, that was killing me.


That was killing me. And now she had a kid. Yeah. That was, what do you think about that? I don't think nothing Ain't my ex-wife. Yeah. Have you ever been married? I have. That would be tough. So you have three kids? Three. Same woman? No. How many women? Three. Damn. Yeah. You were getting after it. I was. And then what happened? You found out what condoms were? Yeah. It was whew. What? Boy, hey, every time I hear Shannon I'm pregnant. I would be like, add two brute. But no, no.


It would be tough. It would be. I I think the thing is with Tom Yeah. Is that he's probably thinking, and a lot of people are like, well, hold on. Tom Brady got all this money. He, Why does he need to do That? No, he's got all this money and he still couldn't keep his ex happy. Oh yeah. 'cause they don't want money. So maybe she wanted time. Maybe she wanted attention. I don't know what she was. That's that, that Tom seems to be happy he's moved on. Clearly she's moved on. But I think in the back of his mind, he was like, this ish probably was going on right in front of my face. Ah. I don't know about that, but I imagine, yeah. I don't know. I can't comment. Like, again, the only reason I would even talk about her is 'cause she's a public figure. Right.


Like, I Don't talk about Would you make jokes? Would you make jokes about her now? Yeah. But she's a public figure. Like I don't talk about people's wives or families. 'cause they didn't ask to be in this. Right. You know what I mean? Like I do. So, but if your wife is Kim Kardashian or your wife is a famous person Yeah. You've asked to be part of entertainment. Right. But just talking about some random, I don't care, but like, yeah. I don't know. Relationships end man. It sucks. But they do also. It's probably hard. I bet Tom would be acknowledged probably hard being married to a guy with like that un Singular focus and drive. Oh my God. Is the end all be all for him. And that's probably what makes him so great. And I think LeBron even said it recently, it's like greatness is sacrificing time as your family Just a singular focus.


Yeah. That's what I don't wanna do. And it's boring. It's very monotonous to be great. You Felt that? Yes. And and it is, it is the embracing of the monotony, which is the difference maker between the really good player and the great player. Yeah. I eat the same thing for 27 straight years. I ate oatmeal every day for 27 straight years. I eat the same thing. I eat pretty much at the same time. I get up at the same time. I do the exact same thing. Like, that's why I, I find it hard to believe that you'll retire. Meaning just stop doing things. Right. It's like your superpower is the ability to get up and do. Right. Like, if you could refine it to the most simple thing, you can get up and do the same thing.


No matter what is happening for longer than 99.9% of people. Probably true, very true. Despite how annoying it is. Yes. Like, despite that like emotional suffering, you'll just do it. Yes. And most people be like, ah, I don't wanna do it today. Right. You eat oatmeal every day. I did for 27 years. From 1993 to 2020, I ate the same thing every day. I pretty much get up at the same time every day. I do the same thing every day. So if you stop this it, you'll need to fill it with something. Yeah. I would. And it, it bothers me. I'm, I'm very, I'm a very meticulous individual. Okay. I like, like you go in my pantry And you look, all the labels are facing out. You go in my refrigerator, all the label are facing.


Are you like ooc DA little bit. I I am. Everything is hanging out up in my closet. It's hang, hanged up. It's hanged up a certain way. Long sleeve short sleeve colors. Really? Yeah. And how is this helpful to you in your life, you Think? I, I feel, I feel like if if it's outta place, my life is outta place. So the attention to detail applies also to, I imagine the podcast, I imagine it applies to Yes. Everything, the shows, everything needs to work. I'm not an easy person to work for. Yeah. That's, I was about to say that. No, no. Not the easy word to Yeah. Yeah. They, but I think the thing is, my team now, they know me. They've been around me Yeah. A very, very long time.


They know how I am. I'm, I'm a very attention to detail Yeah. Guy. I want things to operate a certain way. And if they don't operate that way, I need to know why. What's an example of this? Like what is a A I don't hate, I don't like don't tell me I don't like being late. That's one of my biggest pet peeve. Yep. Because you're telling me f my time. Mm. You say my time is an important, I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like don't tell me what can't be done. Tell me like, okay, we're gonna figure this thing out. Yes. I think that's a huge, I think Dove and I were talking about this earlier actually, but it's just like, it's not even worth using our brain to justify why things can't happen.


Right. I don't wanna use any brain power for that at all. I just want to know why It can. And even if right In Your heart you're going, there's no way this gonna happen, I want you to tell me a potential solution to make it happen. Because those, that type of like philosophy, that type of brain power into executing a task, right. Will nine outta 10 times lead you further? You might not get to the destination. Right. But you're gonna inch a little bit closer. Correct. Yeah. That's great. Okay. What else? This is, So that's what I, I I told as cj, okay, we're doing good. What can we do to make club Shehe better? Ah. And I need that tomorrow. I love it. So it's constant improvement. It's, Yeah.


Yes. He said, what about if we did live entertainment before? So certain episodes we had, we had Teddy swims perform, we've had ca voice is incredible, unbelievable. We had Ty tribute. So that's kind of the direction that we going in. 'cause I wanna turn this thing into like a talk show feel. Did you like Arsenio Hall? Did you have to get the rights to his song in order To Yeah, he signed Off on it and he signed off on to play. Yeah. Well, he sung it live on the show. Yeah, I know. I know. But like, You know, there's like Yes, yes, Yes. A label and all these other things that have to cosign it. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. He's, his voice is beautiful. Huh? He's unbelievable. So yes, we, we grind. And I think the thing is with us is that my team, they've been around me for an extended period of time.


They know how I am. We're gonna work. You gonna get paid more than fair. But I expect when I call excellence, I expect you to pick up Yeah. And dedication. Yeah. Unbelievable. Because they want, we want the same thing. We wanna see Shehe Media, we wanna see it grow. Everybody. There's, there's enough credit for everybody. CJ has his role. Ash has her role, real has her role. Jordan has his role. My executive assistant, Shelly, she plays her part. Everybody has a role. There's an expectation. If there's not, I demand it. I Love it. I'm never gonna ask any more than I'm willing to give. If I say be here at a certain time, you best believe I'm gonna be there.


Love it. I'm gonna give you my best. I expect nothing but your best in return. That's it. And we get along great. Hmm. It's good leadership, But I think that's the only way you can do, do things. You can never ask more than you're willing to give. And if you do that, they'll respect you. You got Tony. How do You say? Can I, can I ask you a real quick question? Sure. Was that an expectation that like Sterling set for you? My grandfather Was Your grandfather. Yeah. Got it. He didn't do the excuses. No excuses At all. None whatsoever. Even as a, even as a, a young boy. I, but he was always harder on my brother. And that's why I say my brother was kind of like my father.


And I remember the day, and I, and I told this before, is that he was really hard on me one day. And we grew up on a farm and my grandmother asked him, say, Barney, why you so hard on that boy? And he said, Mary, when you live on a farm And you are around heavy equipment And you are around animals, I need him to let, I need him to know the utmost the importance of this. Yeah. It's for his safety. Because I only get a chance, I might only get a chance to tell him something once Mary. So I need him to know this is of the utmost importance. Yep. Because he could lose a limb. Yep. He could lose his life. Yep. He getting there with them hog and they can kill him.


And so I understood one time, that's why, that's how I am. And I, and it's unfair. What Do you mean it's unfair? Because everybody doesn't see things. It doesn't grasp things like I do. And that was the hardest thing for me, Schultz, is that to get people to see things like I see 'em as soon as I see 'em, but they say, well, Shannon, that's in your head. It's not in ours. Mm. You need to relay it to us. How can you communicate it to us in a way that that is effective? You're not just hammering me. You're, you're helping me understand and helping me learn. Yes. Yeah. Yes. And that was, that was the hardest thing. Yeah. Because, You know, things that, that I'm a visual learner. Some people learn. I need to see it. You know, you tell me, don't tell me to play. Draw it on the board.


Okay, I got it. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody learns things differently. Yeah. And so I had to learn to be a great leader, you have to be willing, you have to be willing to be led. Yeah. That's the only way you can be a leader. CJ Ash, everybody's job, real. Everybody's job is to be, my rear view mirror is to protect my blind spots. Hmm. What I don't know. You should know. Hmm. I only surround myself with people like that. Don't tell me what I want to hear. Tell me what I need to know. Hmm. If I need to know it, tell me. Even if I don't want to hear it, they have my ear, they have my respect. I'll listen to what they say. I love that CJ wants this and wants a particular guest.


I might not agree with it. I trust his judgment. I trust real's judgment. She's chief of sales channel. I think we ought to do this deal. I think long term it might be great for us. I trust her. Ash, the same thing on NCAP Jordan would need taking photos. He like, I think we ought to do it like this. I trust him. If I can't trust you, I implicitly, if I can't trust you implicitly, It's not there. We can't work together. Nope. Yeah. I think that's really smart. It's healthy. But yeah, in order to lead, you have to be willing to be led. You have to trust the people that are working with you enough to put you in positions that you might not be confident about yet. You're confident in them.


Yeah. With the situation. Yeah. That's great. Yeah. That's great. Tony, how do you say his name? Hinchcliffe Hitch Cliff. Yeah. Shout out to Tony. Man. He got in trouble with the, the Puerto Rican joke. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He got it. Did you have A, did you, have you talked to him? Yeah, of course. I mean, Tony's the man. So Tony's got like the biggest show. He created this show called Kill Tony. And it's like the biggest, I I, I think he, it's the biggest live podcast Yeah. On the planet. But it's also like right now the biggest platform for putting on new young comics. Yeah. And it's like huge. It's like sprouted all these careers and it's, it's phenomenal show called Kill Tony. And, but yeah, he, he was at that MSG rally for Trump and then he said that joke.


And so I actually heard him talk about it since then. And he was saying, he was referencing like, I actually understand the joke a little bit more now. Right. When I first heard it, I was like, oh, oh. I go, oh Tony, this is a perfect example. I go, oh, Tony doesn't know how we feel about Puerto Rico. So in New York, Puerto Rico is like our first exotic trip. If you're a New Yorker And you don't come from like crazy money. Right. Your your first trip, you're not really out of the country, you're in the country. Right. But you go to Puerto Rico, I remember the first time gonna Puerto Rico. Okay. And I'm seeing aloe plants, I'm getting a sunburn. I'm breaking off the leaf and rubbing on myself. I'm like, oh my God, this is incredible. So there's this like really endearing quality to us.


Like Right. Also New Yorkers, we love Puerto Ricans. Yes. There's a thing about New Yorkers, like everybody plays a role here. You know, like each group we with Yes. Everybody. Yes. Chinatown fire. Right. You know, you had to get your PlayStation hacked so you could put the fake DVDs we're in Chinatown. Right. In a mall underground. Like your boy had to connect. Like everybody has their role and we all kind of work. And there's this beautiful symbiotic relationship. Right? Yes. Everybody's aware of everybody else. Right. That's why it's the greatest city in The world, in my opinion, because the talents of each group get to flourish and we all appreciate them. Correct. And interact together. And it's so small. We have to, LA is spread out.


Yes. You know what I mean? The Persians can live over here. The Armenians can live over here. Yeah. Like everybody can be spread out New York, we don't have that luxury. Right. We're in the, so I think that he, what my first interaction was, oh, he doesn't know that we see Puerto Rico as this like, beautiful exotic island. Right. Ab then I heard him talking about, he was like, no, this was an old joke that I had. And there was like a floating like trash thing in the ocean, which was like a big deal that they were trying to figure out and like what to do clean up. Right. What to do with it. Yeah. So he was actually referencing like an actual climate issue with like recycling. But still, I think that if he was like in New York and working it out at, at clubs, he'd be like, oh, they're not gonna get this.


Let me change this for something else. Right. I don't think he like has a personal vendetta. Right. For Puerto Rico, This is Ashley Inet from the Ben and Ashley. I almost say this podcast, you could have lost 10 pounds already if you already started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independence studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Okay. Ladies, when I said we came to play, didn't, I mean it, this Disney cruise got me feeling like a queen.


We can get massages at Census Spa, have a meet and greet with Black Panther. Ooh, I love him. And I can't wait to sunbathe on the private island and the kids will be fine girl. They're good. Exactly. While they're hanging in the kids club with Mickey Mouse, we can do our thing and do it well all day. Disney Cruise line is where we came to play. Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible beverage items like Red Bull and Sparkling Ice, or breakfast favorites like Kellogg's Pop-Tarts, Kellogg's Frosted Flakes, and Kellogg's Eggo waffles plus many more.


Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards to save even more restrictions. Apply Visit Safeway dot com for more details. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. Maybe to our conversation earlier. Like, it, it, it's a placeholder that works inside the joke. Right. It's not like, oh, this is how I secretly feel about Puerto Ricans. I'm gonna get it out now. Not at all. Lemme ask you a question. If you were to host the White House correspondence dinner, I Would do that. You Would? That's something I would do. I would, I think, and I think I could do it. I think I could do it the best. Really? Yeah. I think I could do it the best. You Think he going, you think he's gonna invite you to do it? Well it's not up to him, but it's, and I think there, I think her name is Amber Ruffman.


I think she's gonna do it this year. But like, I think I could do it because I think I make fun of everybody. And I think the concern about that dinner is that usually it's just a pundit that's like only left wing right? Or like, right. Yeah. And then the jokes just go in one direction. Right. And I like the idea, like the, the concept. You want everybody to get it. Yo It how beautiful is it? Like this is why America's amazing, right? The leader of the free world, the leader of our country submits themself for public humiliation once a year. Like what a beautiful, like this is how You know that we don't want tyranny. Right? The king would never step down to be made fun of in front of the whole world.


Right. Or in front of the whole country. But this idea that our fearless leader, the one that should control everything, gets to get humbled in front of everybody. Ah, it's beautiful. It's like why comedy is so important to me, right? Like, it's so important to the American identity. It's this great tool to let You know, hey, you're regular. Right? Tom Brady is the goat and we got to make fun of him like he's some regular guy. Cut his ass up. But he's, You know what I mean? And like you look at somebody who's willing to submit themselves to that. Yes. And you go, how cool is that? How, how, how much humility does he have to even do this? He could be so much better than me on a private island or doing whatever. Yeah. But instead he's like, yeah, make fun of me and make fun of my life. So I I I love that conceptually. And I love that. Like, as part of the America, He did a pretty penny.


So I'll let y'all cut me up too for the, for The record. Yeah. You might be there. No. Might be you soon. What about Tiger Woods? I think that's who should be next? I think you what you want Tiger under the gun. Oh yeah. You, I mean the amount of jokes like, oh Yeah, you, you, you been right. You you Oh My God, my god. I mean just, I I I'm already smiling at what we can say Tiger. Oh Dude, you got a joke already lined up on, No, I'm trying to think like, what is it like, oh fuck. I don't know. What is the thing with Tiger? You know, You know, Tiger's a half black, but every time he gets in a car, he tries to prove how Asian he is.


Man, tiger. Don't do it. Tiger. Don't do it. Tiger. Don't do it. Tiger. See, Stereotypes are fun. Tiger. Don't do it, tiger. Tell you so Nigga tell you what Tiger No, tiger would be great, obviously Jordan, but I don't think Jordan would do it. Oh no, he wouldn't do it. Have you met mj? I have. How and what was your interaction with him like? He's mythical. Yeah. Yeah. He is mythical. I've never met, I've, and I've met some very, very famous people. Yeah. I've never met anybody like Michael Jordan. He, he doesn't even seem real. What is it? When are you nervous when you talking To him? It like, he's elevating. He's Like, he's glowing. Are you the last dragon with Bruce Leor when he got that bag? He's glowing. That's, he doesn't seem real. Yeah. I mean, the first time that I saw him and I'm looking at, I'm looking at him and he's probably looking at me thinking like, this dude, weird fan, Sterling, sharp, little brother.


Weird as hell. I'm just looking at him. I'm like, and he's levitating. Yeah. That man feet. Were not on that floor in that elevator Air Jordan. And every time I see him, Oh, you went in the elevator with him? You know, check this out. As a matter of fact, I got on the elevator and he and his, his first wife, Juanita was already on it. And I always, I was like, man, I like ett. I'm getting, I like, and You know, I, I always introduce myself. Hello, I'm Shannon Sharp. I be like, I know who you are brother. Wow. Okay. So he obviously he's aware of you, but like it's nice to know that he even say That. Yeah. Yeah. I love, You know, love your, your brother, you and your brother. Man, I love what y'all guys do and keep it up. Oh wow. And then every time I've seen him since I get the same reaction, it's like I'm seeing him for the first time and he's levitating.


Yeah. But he ain't gonna do That. No, no, no, no, no, No. What about acting you in the remake? Right. White man can't jump underdog Do people Yeah. Little something in there. I Is that something you would like to do full time? It's kind of boring acting. I, I'd like to like, I'd like to make a movie. It's too much sitting around in it. It's sitting around, bro. You've done it. Yeah. You just sit around all day and it's just, I mean, do commercials is, I can imagine doing a a two hour movie 'cause you are on a 32nd commercial and you're there 12 hours, Bro. For you people. I was there for a week. I think I did like one day of acting and I just sat in a trailer for the rest of the week and it's just like, yeah, I got other shit I can do here. You know what I mean? I'm not like an actor. I get that they don't do anything. Right. They sit around all day. But like, we got shit to do. But I would like to make a movie.


I'd like to make a movie. Really? Yeah. Because I think that like writing it is fun. And then also when you write it And you create it, watching the other people do their lives do it is really exciting. Right. 'cause you're watching this comes to life. Right. So, so to me, like storytelling is just, it's the earliest form of digesting information. It's like you come into a room And you go, yo, I got a story. The whole room stops talking. Right. Like, it's really amazing how humans are. Right. Like I imagine even in the locker room, I imagine the person that could hold court was the person that could really command that attention. Yes. Tell those stories and Yeah. Yeah. To me, I would love to. I think doing a film, a film is the most profound version of that. Right.


Is it true? Jonah Hill and Laura London had a fake cj. I can Oh Yeah. Why didn't he do the real thing? Cj. CJ Looking through the headlines. Why, why did he do the real thing? I Don't know. I don't know. But I was watching it with Dove. It was so funny. I was watching it with Dove. We were watching this, his house. And, and I looked at the last scene and I was like, oh. 'cause I remember them. This became some big story and like the network got upset at me and I was like, what are you upset at me for? This is an international news story, right. You should pay me. Right. I just promoted the outta the movie. And plus people gonna watch this, see, just to See the kiss. And it's not like they gotta go to the movie theater. They just gotta turn on Netflix. Right. So I yeah, I was like, you should be very grateful.


That's what I thought. But yeah, whatever. She got her reasons. I don't know why everybody was so upset about it. It's like, yo, if a girl doesn't want to do a kiss, like why can't she do a kiss? Why are people so upset about that? Right. Like, shouldn't shouldn't you be like pro women feeling comfortable? Right. That's what I was Yeah. Like I'm pro women feeling comfortable. Right. And then all these people are like, they Better Kiss. It's like, why don't you relax? Yeah. It is Not that. Just let her do what she wants. Yeah. Some of us care about black women. Yeah, we do. Some of us do. Hey, we in the movie, some of Us do. You won't get in an elevator with them. No, I won't get in an elevator with any single woman. Regardless of race. Regardless of race. Is there anything that you wouldn't do in a movie?


You do a sex scene? What I do is sex scene. My wife doesn't want me to, but yeah, I'd be up in Nashville. No, no, no. Yeah. I don't know what, I'm not gonna get my cheeks clapped. Actually, I did do a gay scene in a movie. You did? But I wasn't in it. It wasn't in Were You in a dress? No, no, no, No. Would you wear a dress? Yeah. I don't know why. Like, that's a big deal with the dress. Shit. That's so stupid. Like No, It's only, it is only a big deal. It's only with black dudes and it's like, it's so dumb that you have that different standard. Yeah. It's like the idea of like somebody in a Dress. Robbie Williams wore a dress. Dustin Hoffman. I think every guy Wears A fucking, which one did Tootsie Arnold Schwarzenegger wear? No. Yeah. Do You know what it really is? This is what it comes down to. What it meant. It's seeing someone hyper masculine wear a dress.


Right. Is funny. Yeah. And if you wanna talk about like, the racism of it, the, the racism is people perceive black men as being hyper masculine. Correct. I don't know if that's like an insult. Maybe you find that as something that you're proud of. But the perception is Yes, hyper masculine. Yeah. So seeing someone who's hyper masculine in a dress is funny. Arnold Schwartzenegger is hyper masculine. Yes. So in a dress, he's funny. Right? I don't need to see Jonah Hill in his tits in a dress. Do You know what I mean? Right. It's not that funny. Right, right. So it's like that to me, that's the takeaway. Okay. So, but then I get, I guess, You know, I, I don't know who said it, but they're like, oh, they're trying to emasculate all these black men's. Like, I don't think Hollywood has this like, grand design.


Right. How can we emasculate all black guys? Like I just think that it's, it's like a low hanging fruit. It's like the easiest version of a joke. And it's just lazy. It's just lazy writing. Frankly. I read that you went to Shreveport to check out 50 CNG unit film 50 cents the Goat. Bro. If 50 asked me, I'm pulling up. Really? I love 50. Yeah. 50 is the goat. If 50 doesn't with you, I don't with you, but I just don't know why yet. But he's never wrong if he doesn't like you. Right. There's a reason. Really. And in my suspicion, he knows the reason, but he doesn't snitch. Right. So he just doesn't tell. Right. But he'll say he doesn't with you. Like he'd been saying that Diddy forever. Really?


And all of us were like, oh, you just hating. It was like all, so if he doesn't like you, I don't, You ain't go to the party. You end up in one of 'em Diddy parties. Nah, I wasn't cool enough bro. You went Bro. I just, I just got on like a year and a half ago, bro. Nothing. That's what everybody says. Right? I did. I'm supposed to act like you're not a three time Super Bowl champion going to Diddy parties That ain't got invited nowhere. Yeah. All right. You probably would've went to Epstein's Island. Nah. Shannon, what if they said it was a Lululemon outlet and everything was SL off? What if they, What if they said there half Off Lulu's at the Epstein's Island? I go right, I go right up here Beverly Hills and go to Lulu. You think? But I think that you would've gone beautiful on private though. No, no, no. Not for any of the girls, girls stuff.


I'm, I'm not, I'm not a I'm not a party guy. You're Not a party guy. No. What if they had the best oatmeal? What if every morning it was the best oatmeal you've ever had in Your life? Nah, I'm good. I ain't to You never went to one freak out? Not one. Nothing. Nah. Or Freak. Nick. What is it? What is it called? Oh, Freaknik. I was at Freak Nick. Now hold on. That is the whole different story. Freaknik is 10 times Crazier than that Freak nigga. A whole different story. Now that's 10 times crazier than a D Party. That's a whole different avenue. Tell me About the Freaknik Man. The freak. They were like that. Was it crazy? Or what Was it? Crazy. And what? Yeah. Can you explain what that is it even illegal to Explain? Well, they did away with it. It had gotten so, it had gotten so big, it gotten so out of control. So this is happening in Florida? No, this is Atlanta. Oh, is Atlanta?


Yeah. Where am I think where the Uncle Luke. Oh, that was Daytona. That was Black College Beach Week. But Uncle Luke came to Freaknik too. Uncle Luke? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And, and what happens? It's just They shut it down. They got just, it just got too, it got too big. It got too crazy. They were just like, you ended up, businesses had to shut because people were not, they didn't, they didn't know how to behave because it was cool when it was just college students. And Then it became Then, because Grown people started and, and You know, and guys just started getting disrespectful with the women. Yeah. And they just, the traffic was gridlock and people started complaining and they just like, Bro, You know what's funny? The same thing happened to White Freaknik, which is spring, spring break.


Yeah. And where was that At? Where y'all had Hey Was doing it in Cancun and they were doing a bunch of plays. Oh yeah. MTV. Yeah. MTV. And I remember I was working for MTV back in the day. I hosted like the last ever spring break. Yeah. And I knew it was over 'cause the sponsors were like, Kmar. And like, I was like, yeah, that's not a sexy sponsor. You know what I mean? And, but I remember seeing the people in the crowd and this was supposed to be like a college thing. Yeah. And I remember seeing like 30 5-year-old British guys on the side. Yes. Yeah. This is, this is a little weird. So that's really what it is. It's just the old people started showing up. Yeah. You gotta find old people, parties. Yeah. And it started showing up and ing it up and it was, you Gotta go to Burning Man, bro. Huh? I gotta take you to Burning Man. Where's that at? You never heard of Burning Man? I haven't. Oh man.


This this amazing party event. I don't even know what to call it, but we just gotta go out to the desert. Where? Gotta go out to the desert. Where's it at? In, where is exactly BlackRock City is Is that Nevada? It's Nevada, yeah, Nevada. BlackRock City, Nevada. Oh, we, and then you just basically drive your little Winnebago out there. We hang out for the week. Do You know party? You still do it? I've gone a few times. I might go back this, see, I gotta talk to the wife. You know, we gotta negotiate these Things. Is it like, so I guess it's for older people. Diddy used to go there a lot actually. Oh no, I'm good. No, but it is not his thing. But he did go there. We, we tried to distance ourself from that, but I didn't go to any Diddy parties at Burning Man. I'm not A crowd guy. Oh really? Mm mm But you're such a performer.


You've got such a Yeah. You're good with the tension. I, I'm, I look and, and, and when people ask me, this is how I describe myself. I'm the most outgoing introvert you're gonna meet. Interesting. I'm exhausted. At the end of the day. It's a real effort for you to do it. Got it. I go home. I don't really talk. I mean, I had a a, a, a girlfriend and her friend's like, man, he gotta be so much fun. I mean, I, you see him on television and, and she was like, he's nothing like that at home. Really? So you're quiet, you're in your head. Yep. Are you like plotting and thinking? Are you like, I Am. I, I am thinking, I'm thinking how do we grow this? How do I make this better? How do I get better at this? How do I get better at my job at EPN?


How do I get better at club? She, she, how do I get better at nightcap? How can we scale Shesha Media? What do we need? Yeah. Hmm. Constantly competing. Yeah, But I'm, but I'm my competition. Say again. I'm my competition though. There's nobody else. What about Ocho? OCHO is my partner. Ocho. So you brought in your biggest competition as your partner. That was genius. No, I just thought, I, I thought OCHO would be great. He's phenomenal Because he gets the entertainment aspect of it. And he doesn't take himself serious. That's the thing. He's able to laugh at himself. That is a, an incredibly endearing quality. It is.


It is. Yeah. I think that's, and it's very rare. Very like he, you can make fun of him and he'll laugh, but he'll also hit you as Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't want him and Cam to beef anymore. Can we stop that? I don't know what that's about. I don't know anything about that. I didn't know Cam, You know, Shout out Cam and Mace what they've made. Yeah. Yeah. They do it. They do what they do. But what I don't, I don't, I'm not in competition with them. Yeah. We, we do what we do. Like I said, they print 80% of the money in the last five years. They'll print more. We don't have to be in competition. Yeah. If we get something, that doesn't mean you lost. If you get something that don't mean we lost. That's, that's the way, that's the way I look at it now. Everybody doesn't look at it that way. That's everybody wants us to be in competition. I'm not in competition with them guys.


Ocho and I are not in competition. We believe it is what it is. The pivot all the smoke or whom fourth in one cams, bro, y'all do what y'all do. We would do what we do and Then continue to do each other's stuff. Yes. And build each other up. For sure. This is what Rogan did so brilliantly. Yes. It's like all the guys populated each other's podcasts and then everybody rose up. What did you learn about work when you was working at MTV? What did you learn? Hmm. That you gotta Oh, I learned a lot of things. I learned like how to kind of behave on set. I learned like, You know, how to interact with other people in the business. Like what they're looking for. Right. Who are the real ones?


Who are the fake ones? You know? Like, I met some, some real friends there. You know, I met Charlemagne there. I met Little Duval there. Yeah. Like mentors, right? Like, You know, Duval is like, is huge mentor for me. Everything that I've done in standup Yeah. Is based on something that Lil Duval's already done. I don't think Duval, I don't think Duval gets enough credit for the influence he's had on comedy and internet culture. Yeah. Yeah. He, he, people Are copying things. He's done without even knowing that he was the first one to Yeah. He did that 10, 15 year at the beginning. He's a genius. Yeah. He's also like a literal, like, if you sit with him And you just around him. Yeah. You, yeah.


You're feeling something. Yeah. It's just weird. It's like wise beyond his ears. There's, it's a, it's a very interesting sensation when you're around him. He is, yeah. He's a fa he's a fascinating guy. And he is like one of the few mentors that I've had in, in comedy and just entertainment. How did you and Charlemagne decide to get together and do a pod? Man, he asked me. He was like, yo, you wanna do, because we would just talk all the time. Like during the week things would happen. I'll ask you. Yeah. Which, You know, it's fun. Too late now. No. Hey, you got me. You know, gotta, you gotta fight him. No, but we, he would just talk throughout the week. We're just on the phone and like, just, You know, talking and just making jokes about whatever. And he has this great line where he's, You know, we even say it on the pod, like, when anybody brings up a topic, You know, we just go, we're just, I just wanna let you all know we're not mature enough to have this conversation.


Right. So no matter what it is, we are not mature enough. So if you choose to listen, that's on you. 'cause we told you we're not mature enough. But, and then he was like, yo, you should do this pod. And then Chris Morrow is the guy who produced the pod. He was pitching it to him, and then we just started it. And like, You know, he's just, he's the greatest radio personality of my lifetime. Right. You know, so it's like him talking on a mic. He's just, he's mastered it. And he, I, I learn so much just from him in general. He's just, he's, he's also a genius. Right. Like, true marketing genius. He genius. He, he gets it. He definitely gets it. Genius. So yeah, just getting to do that every single week and then just the show's been going on for 10 years. People are like, different people are just finding out about it now.


Right. And like, like, we've been doing this for 10 years. Wow. It's so funny. 'cause like, when, when white people will talk to him about the show, sometimes they'll be like, yo, I see you doing that. I see you on Andrew Schultz's show. And then black people will talk to me about it. They'll be like, yo, I saw you on Charlemagne show. And we're just like, ah, yeah, it's fine, dude. Like, We Don't need to explain this. Right. But yeah, it's just awesome. He's just, He's Pure entertainment. How Do you think podcasts have, have helped you? I think what it did is allowed me to create authentically, so like, before that, well, not even before that, but like, I don't wanna make my only money to provide for my family with my art. Right.


Because then you're compromised. It's like you need to go out there and do shows. Right. So now I'm rushing jokes. Right. I'm rushing a next tour, I'm doing whatever. And podcasting has allowed me to maintain my life and then make sure that the art is a hundred percent authentic in terms of what I want to create. And I'm like the most grateful for that. It's also great for like building an audience and an understanding of who you are. And like, despite people misunderstanding you on the internet or believing like these headlines one way you got, You know, hundreds of thousands of people that really know who you are. And they're there to ride for you when shit goes south. Luigi Manni received 500,000 in donations.


How? The, how is this possible man? Well, you want to know. Yeah. I wanna know. The way that Americans react to these events will tell you everything about how they feel towards these institutions. Americans are hurting, bro. Yeah. They're upset. They feel disillusioned. Like they don't trust the government. They don't trust the medical industry. They don't trust the pharmaceutical industry. They don't trust the food. They don't trust the, the wars that we're in. Like, so when one of these guys that's at the head of a healthcare company gets clipped in brutal, disgusting fashion, like we shouldn't be like laughing about it. Right. We're already so hurt.


We're already so destitute that we're like, ah, that guy. Yeah. People are like, oh, he deserved it. Charging all those high ass prices for all that medicine For real. Like, that is, yeah. That's How they think. But if, if I'm the, the companies or if I'm the billionaire class, I'm these super rich people. I'm looking at that and I'm going, okay, we, we we're, we're pushing them too much. In other words, like I imagine, I don't know, I don't got that kinda money, but I imagine like the people who got all the money Yes. The billionaires, they don't want poor people to be too poor because then we show up at your door with the guns and we start shooting you. Yeah. You need poor people to be, just have just enough where they don't wanna rebel and revolt.


Right. Yeah. The poor gotta be a little rich. Gotta have a little something. They gotta have a little something because they don't have enough. They'll come get it from somewhere. Because If I'm dying anyway, I'm gonna kill you. Yeah. So if you're the super rich, you have to look at a moment like that And you gotta go, we gotta get these poor people some money. Because if they don't have money, they're knocking on my door. So if I'm Jeff Bezos, if I'm Elon, if I'm Zuckerberg, if I'm all these guys, whatever that billionaire class is, I'm going, Hey, how can we get Americans some money? 'cause they are not happy and they're supporting a guy who just clipped a dude who's not even a high, he's not even a billionaire. Right. That like, that's the shit that I'm looking at. Right.


How did growing up in New York shape you with the diversity that because new, like you said, New York has everything. Yeah. And they're right there Greatest city. So you had to like, it wasn't like, like me, I mean, like, I went to school with Weiss, but we was here. Yeah. They were there. How did that shape what we see the Andrew shows that we see sitting here today, it showed Me how awesome people are. People are awesome and their cultures are awesome, and I got firsthand knowledge of it. You know, I got to go see what a bar mitzvah is. Okay. And a bat mitzvah is, You know, I got to see these Jewish kids turn into men and women, and they're holding the chairs and jumping up and, and I'm like, wow, that looks really cool.


I would want that for a birthday party. You know what I mean? Yeah. I got to try foods you wouldn't imagine. And I got to see the way that, like, my Dominican friend's mom was just so like dotting and loving on her children and how protective and kind, and like, I got to see these the most amazing things about all these different cultures. And I think that's where my curiosity stemmed from. I gotta see how hard these Chinese people would work, man. Like these kids that I would go to school with, they're gonna school seven days a week. You know what I mean? It's not like shocking. They're getting 1600 on their SATs. They're working their ass. Right. And I got to see all that firsthand. And it was beautiful. And I think that's where my curiosity and my kind of love for all these different cultures comes from, is I got to experience like the best of it.


And also, like every one of us was kind of first generation American, You know? Like my dad's from America, but like, my mom's not, so we're all got this like, immigrant kid mentality. There's like this hunger, there's this excitement. We don't have this, this like a lack of hope, which unfortunately I think a lot of people in America have right now. We were, it's like we were just dropped on America and we're in New York and it's time to get after it. Right. So when we saw somebody with something, it didn't make us feel bad. Right. It made us inspired. We're like, oh, I'm gonna get that shit too. Right. We were hustling from young kids. I was making fake DVDs and fake CDs. I'm trying to sell them to the kids in the school. Like I was doing anything I could to get some money. Right.


And I think that also came from all my friends around me also trying to hustle. Right. It was exciting. Like it was just Yeah. My, my, my upbringing was what was wild. Right. Like, I saw a lot of shit maybe at a younger age than most, but it was, it was, it's the greatest city in The world. It's the greatest city in The world When you look at America. America was built not by natives, it was built by the slave. It was built by the immigrants from Europe. Why do you think the immigrants are treated so poorly today? Well, by whom Us as Americans that, I mean, not me. I, I don't Treat them poorly Because I think the thing is for me, I mean, they're doing jobs that I don't, I ain't trying to do those jobs no more. Yeah. I did 'em, I did them worked. We work construction and I worked in manual labor jobs.


A lot of these jobs that the immigrants, and I think the, the way they phrase it Yeah. Is that they're come and stealing your jobs. They ain't stealing no jobs that we wanna do. Yeah. Trust me. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's, I mean, actually, I don't even know if that's right. 'cause I don't know if there's an American out there who's like, I would love to do that job. Yeah. Maybe there are, maybe there's plenty that don't. But I mean, when I went in, when interviewed Trump, there were three things I wanna talk about. Right. There's three things, like, and we had the opportunity to interview some who might be president and some people were critical of even doing the interview. But the way I look at that is like, if you don't have the opportunity, you can't really say what you would or wouldn't do. There's a lot of people Who, that's president. That's that, that guy that could be the president of the United States. You absolutely take it.


Right. Especially if you care about your country. Right. Right. And who knows if I have any influence over Trump. I don't think I do. But there's three things I wanted to talk about. Number one, I wanted him to say that he was gonna protect IVF. That's how my wife and I had to have a kid. Right. We weren't able to conceive naturally. Okay. And two, I was wanting to end foreign wars. And three, I wanted some compassion for illegal immigrants that are obeying the law. They're hardworking. Yeah. If you break the law, you're doing crimes, send 'em the fuck out. You got unanimous support in America for that. Right. I don't think there's any Americans like, well, let's keep all the murderers Right. That are illegal. Yeah. Like, get 'em out here. But if you have somebody that's working their ass off, they have a family here. A pathway to citizenship pay taxes, I think is also, you have to understand like, my mom's an immigrant.


Like, it's impossible for me to not think that immigrants are what make America great. Right. So they make the best Americans. Every American that cries about how American is right. None of them immigrated here. Right. When you immigrate to America, you think that this is the great, you can't, my mom can't say a bad word about America. Right. I'm telling you that you need that energy. That energy is infectious, that desire. It's what I grew up around. I grew up around all these people who are like, right, holy shit, I got an opportunity to make it and I'm going after it. And yeah. I, I wish I, I I hope that this administration will look at that.


It doesn't look like they're doing it, but I hope that they'll look at that and I hope we find a pathway to legalization for them. I mean, but the thing is, is that his wife is an immigrant. Elon Musk is an immigrant. Yeah. I mean, a lot of it, it seems like to me a lot of times, Joseph, and correct me if I'm wrong, a lot of times people achieve something and once they get it, let's shut the door. Don't let nobody else get it. Yeah. Because you look at Marco Rubio, you look at a lot of people, their parents immigrated here now. Oh, no, no, no, no. We don't want nobody else get, they Would, they would maybe argue that they did it legally or, or these things happened. Ugh. But no, like they did, like his wife, I guess did illegally and Elon did legally. And I understand that there is a distinction, like my mom was able to do it le she was able to do it legally.


Right. But it doesn't stop the fact that like, there are people here that are hardworking. Yes. There're benefiting the American economy. Right. And American lifestyle. And they're a net positive for us. Yeah. They pay taxes. Exactly. So why don't we just in, in my opinion, I think that the, the, the barter or whatever the bargain is, lock up that border. You have the right to have a strong border as a Sure, sure, sure. There's these some people who are like against having a strong border. No. Which is just like weird. Like Right. The only thing that makes you a country is, But we, but you, I think you and I agree, but the drugs are coming at points of entry. They're not coming across the border border. I, I imagine there's multiple ways that they get it. Yeah. I don't think there's just one, but I think there's probably multiple.


But my point is like, you have the right to block the border. If you have a good, effective way to block the border, block That shit. Let's Do it. Let's do it. But the people who are already here and are productive, give them a pathway to citizenship. If you are breaking the law, see you later, you don't get to come here and negatively impact American's lives. Well, If you breaking the law in America, you go to jail. So if they do that time in jail, and then once they up, you send them back to wherever they came from. No, we, you're not gonna do your time here. You're gonna do your time over There. No, they going to, they gonna let 'em out and then they gonna come right back. That's on them. No, no. Now, now we got the wall. No, no, no. You know, How'd you meet your wife? How'd I beat her? How did you meet her? Oh, Jesus Christ.


How did I beat her? I was like, how'd you find out? No, No. How'd you meet her? How'd I meet her? We actually met on Instagram. Really? Yeah. Yeah. In the Dms. You slid In the D No, she Slid No way. Yeah. We actually saw each other, I guess on a, on a dating app. And then she had messaged me And you be On the dating apps. I was on a dating app. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You Andrew Schultz. Why you on a dating app? I mean, I guess it's easier. I don't know. You know, you have to find deficiencies in life, You know? But You know what they said that 75% of the men haven't asked a woman out in person. Yeah. It's on Instagram. Yeah. It's on dating apps. Yeah. Now don't you miss the old fashioned way? Like I, I do. I think that it's like I important, I couldn't tell to build character.


Yeah. But you have to understand, when You know the golden ticket drops in your lap, you're not gonna say no. Yeah, True. True. You Know? So, yeah. So when we went on a date, and it was awesome. You Knew it at first sight. Did You know your first meeting? Second date? I was like, yeah, we're gonna get married. Probably. Really? Yeah. Damn. Yeah. You must have been real hard up. Yeah, I was hard up Damn Second date talking about married Second Date. I Mean, I may at least get a year in. No, no. I mean, it took us a while to get married. But I think I knew, I was like, yeah, there's just something different about her. There's something special about her. And also she made me wait too. She wouldn't sleep with me at all. What? All that discipline. I like that discipline though, there. I think that's something that women need.


It's not about like, not having sex with a guy. Like it's having sex with a guy when you want to. We're Gonna try. Yeah. But there's something like really awesome about knowing that we're trying. Yeah. And then they're like, this ain't gonna happen. Because now I know when you're out there in The world and some other guy tries. Right. You could thwart that advance as well. It Might be, you might've been the only one that, what have you learned about that? Cj? CJ was that one of the questions? Cj, are you writing these segments? CJ fire cj. Immediately. What, what have you learned about that? CJ's a white guy. I just wanna let You know the whole team is white. Guys, this is a facade.


This is a lie. This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you started one month ago. So, are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try Fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Okay. Ladies, when I said we came to play, didn't, I mean it, this Disney cruise got me feeling like a queen.


We can get massages at Census Spa. Have a meet and greet with Black Panther. Ooh, I love him. And I can't wait to sunbathe on the private island. And the kids will be fine. Girl. They're good. Exactly. While they hanging the kids club with Mickey Mouse. We can do our thing and do it well all day. Disney Cruise line is where we came to play. Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible beverage items like Red Bull and Sparkling Ice, or breakfast favorites like Kellogg's Pop-Tarts, Kellogg's Frosted Flakes, and Kellogg's Eggo waffles plus many more.


Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards to save even more restrictions. Apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. What have you learned about marriage? What's the number one thing that you learned about marriage? Oh man. It, You know, what I learned is that like, everything that makes you good at comedy makes you bad at at relationships. You joke with your wife. Oh, all the time. She has a great sense of humor. But like, I remember we were, we were, we were talking to a therapist, right? And it was like, and it was like Emma and my wife was like, and there was like, Emma was like, my wife's name is Emma. And she was like that. There was like, Hey, you, you don't have to explain yourself. If she says that something bothered her, you can just acknowledge her feelings, right?


And I'm like, I'm like, but why? But what if? And he's like, listen, it's not helpful to like explain, create justifications or give examples for things when it comes to an argument. And I'm like, sir, I've dedicated the last 17 years of my life to giving examples, metaphors, and justifying everything that I possibly can. Right? You're telling me I gotta stop that when I'm communicating with my wife, right? And he's like, absolutely. And it was a good, it was a really good, helpful thing to learn. A lot of times when people complain, they don't want you to talk them outta their feelings. Right? They just want their feelings. Acknowledged knowledge. Well, here I am trying to help you with your feelings. So you went to therapy, you go to therapy. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's really helpful. Yeah. I, You know what a, my therapist told me, what'd he Say?


He, she asked me a very, oh, You go to a female therapist? I went to a female. She asked me a simple question. No, I'm just joking. I was just, I was just like, She said, Shannon, What'd she say? Are you arguing for right. Or are you arguing to be right? Ooh, What'd you answer? You already know. I'm trying to, I'm trying to be right. Right. Yeah. But, And she, she said, Shannon look, and she said, Shannon, you're communicating. She said, you're gonna have to communicate in a language that she understands. Yes. She said, right now you're speaking Mandarin and she's speaking Spanish. Yes. So either she learns Mandarin, or you learn Spanish so you guys can communicate. Yeah. Or it's not gonna work.


And She's not gonna learn Mandarin. I'm just gonna let You know, they're not gonna learn Mandarin. They, they know what they know. Okay. And they just gotta, the feelings need to be acknowledged. It's really crazy. Yeah. It's, but we feel at least, I don't know. I feel it's like if I do something and it bothers you. Right. Right, right. But it's not my intention to hurt you. Right. Right. And I apologize for it. Right. My fear is that you will think that that was my intention. Right. My fear is that you're gonna go, you, you're gonna think that I wanted to hurt you by saying that. So here I am trying to explain it away. I'm like, no, what I really meant was da, da da. And they don't need that. Right. They just need you to go, ah, man, I'm sorry that I made you feel that way.


And the second you say that, they go, oh, thank you so much for acknowledging that feeling. It's done after that. It's kind of crazy. Here we are trying to like, talk them outta their feelings. It's a waste of time. Dad, you mentioned your daughter. He Not even listening. I heard You see that. No, because lemme But here's the thing though. I'm trying to help 'em. No, I'm trying to help s the Thing, I'm trying to Help them. You keep, see, you keep using the word intent. Yes. Intent only matters to you. That's What I'm saying. Yes. They don't care about your intent. No. They heard that they're Yes. Stop Trying to tell yo, yo, this guy is diabolical. Don't explain to me what I just explained To you. No, that was insane. You. No, but your girl Got no chance. Here's the thing.


Your girl got the sweetheart. You got no Chance. Manslaughter. He's gaslighting Me, man. Manslaughter, murder. Yes. Manslaughter and murder. What's the difference? Manslaughter sounds more sexual. It's intent. Oh yeah. Intent. You never had a girl give you some manslaughter. No. Intent only matters to the defendant. Yes, you're right. Yes. The victim is just as dead. Is Dead. Is dead. You're a hundred percent. So you said, well, that wasn't my intent. Yeah. It doesn't matter. She stickle equally as hurt. She's Over there hurt. Yes. That's what I'm trying to explain to you. Yeah. I I But now you explaining it back To me. Now, You know, I understood. I went to therapy. I went to therapy before You, I went to therapy before you, so I totally understand. Your dog therapy Is great. It is.


Like, I, I, listen, it's difficult to do it, but I think that there's this like, stigma on it, unfortunately. But you should, you do everything. You go to rehab for your shoulder if it's messed up, right? Yeah. Yeah. You take care of your body. You go to visit doctors for every other thing you have to nurture. Right. You have to n like I would tell people before they even get married, go to a therapist like, when You know you're gonna get married. Right. Go to a therapist. Right. And have them talk you through some of the changes that are gonna start to happen. Right. Like people have this big ego about not wanting to do it, they're like embarrassed or whatever like that. It's like, you should be embarrassed about not caring enough about your relationship to make it the best that it can be. Especially if you got a kid. Yeah. Like, that's the motivation for everything. Yes. You don't want your kid to see you arguing or bickering and that kind of stuff like that.


Like get outta your ego, get outta your own way. Yeah. That's the, that's the thing. I think the biggest thing is, and and they was telling me, say, if you ever get married, you do understand the person you're married today is not gonna be the person you're married tomorrow. So you have, they change people change people evolve. And you, you, I used to think it was funny when people like, well, we just grew apart. Yeah, they did. Because one person involved and the other didn't. Yeah. They think that's the person, the person that they married 10 years ago or 15 years ago Yeah. Was the same person. They're not. That's why you gotta check in to be willing to Yeah. You gotta check in. Yeah. And, and a lot of people just ignore that evolution, but sometimes that evolution just makes things better. Yeah. It makes things closer.


It's, yeah. It's, relationships Are built only, the only cost is change. Yes. Yes. So you have to embrace that change. Yes. Girl, dad. Yeah. You said that if the kid turns out bad, they ba blame the parents. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if, And you do, if they turn out good, they, Hey great parents. If the kid turns out bad, they have boo their Parents No. If the girl's bad, it's dad's fault only. Yeah. Where was dad at? That's it. Right? Yeah. It's always our fault if it's a girl, if the boy shoots up a school, they don't go, oh, what, what's the d Was it dad's fault? Yeah. Or something like that. But if the girl's a whore, it's always dad's fault. It is the case. Right. It's always, no ma you could be the best dad ever.


Right. But if your girl's a whore right now, I'm not saying your girl, but You know what I mean. Yeah. It's, yeah. It's, it's a hundred percent your fault. You got a daughter, right? Two, two Daughters. How is that? Imagine being My daughter's one of my oldest daughter's in hr. My my youngest daughter just passed a residency, so she's about to be a doctor. Wow. What kind of doctor? Anesthesiology. Whoa. That's a people dying. That one. Yeah. That's Scary. Think for me. Look for me, is that the way I was raised and it, it was different. 'cause my oldest lived with me her last two years of high school. And so she's at that age dating hormones, blah, blah, blah. Oh, YY. And so who, What was that like?


Would you meet her boyfriends? What do they say when they see you? Man, I was, You know, it was a situation, bro. It was tough because they wanna do what they want to do. And they don't understand at the point in time that, You know, 18 is gonna be 22, 22 is gonna be 25, 25 is gonna be 30, hopefully. And so you try to impart wisdom and knowledge and understanding. But they look at it as instant gratification. They want what they want. They want tattoos. They wanna be able to go out, come in whenever they want to. And that was just never going to ever fly in my place. Mm. I'm your parent. I'm not gonna be your friend your way of The highway. I'm not gonna try to be your friend. I'm your, I'm, I'm always gonna be.


And I told my kids, I told all my kids this, our dynamic won't ever change. I'm always gonna be the parent. You're always gonna be the child. And do you think your kids know that you love them? Oh Yeah. Good. They do. They do. Because they see what I did and they have a, see, maybe not then, but now as adults now. And they see how wait And wait till they have kids. Yeah. Wait till they, I think once you have kids, you have a completely different understanding of the decisions your parents made. Right. Right. You, you mentioned earlier IVF. Yeah. And that, that's, You know, that's very, I'm sure that's very painful for a woman to have to, To have to go through that.


Yeah. 'cause that's a lot of shots, Bro. Yeah. It it's tough. Yeah. It's tough. Yeah. It's, it's tough for us too. 'cause we gotta deal with them on the shots And hormones are going crazy. Yeah. No, no. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's a No, it's, it's tough for them. It's a, it is a tough process for sure. But I think what's more tough is not being able to get pregnant. So I think that's the, that's what you're looking at. It's actually more painful, not being able to get pregnant. So you look at that, You think she feels less than a woman because she's not able to conceive Well, it was my fault, not hers. It's yours. Yeah. Ah, man. You firing blanks, huh? Yeah. They just don't swim. They're black. No. Nah. See, there you go. There you go. I knew it. I knew it. I be that with coming Stereotypes.


All white crew laughing at that joke. I just Wanna let You know Real people of color here laughing anyway. No, but No, no. It's So when you found that out that it was, Bro, I thought it was her too. We're trying, You know what I mean? It's not working. I'm like, oh damn. Like I felt bad for her. Like, I actually prayed the night before we got the results. Right. I prayed that it was my fault and then we got the results and God was like, Bet I got you. I'm gonna hold you to that. I ain't gonna, I'm gonna hold you to that. You, I hear all your prayers. You won, you won this blame. I got you. So yeah. So then I did that. And then just having to deal with that is like, you also look back at your whole life. You're like, I wasted so many condoms, so much plan B, like so much stress of getting A girl And you couldn't get, nobody prayed anyway.


Anyway, Plan B sitting in her stomach looking around like, will Smith in the last episode of Fresh Prince. You just kind of staring at the living room like, am I doing here? Yeah. So, so, so how, I mean, so how does, I mean, you have one, right? You have a daughter? Yes, We have a daughter. Yeah. Yeah. So you, so, so basically my sperm just didn't swim that well. Right, right. So it's possible maybe if we kept at it for months and months. Don't you just do it what you call it? IUI. Yeah. We did that. It didn't work. So we tried IUI, which is where they basically like, take your sperm, they shoot it. Yeah. And then we tried IVF afterwards and we were able to get praying through IVF. Oh, you tried that again now. So we have the embryos frozen. So you have all these things. So like, if we want to have another one, You know, we're in conversations that we'd love to expand the family.


Wait, won't you just start it out and let, let a surrogate? Nah. 'cause I think that the women like going through that part of the process. You know? I think my wife liked being pregnant, but You just practicing Who with me now? Oh, that's, yeah. Yeah. I'm shooting it up now. It's crazy. Oh, you shooting a club up? Oh, I'm shooting a club up. Man. Club is destroyed. But that's the thing. You never know. Maybe it starts to happen. Right. That'd be, and that'd be cool too. But either way Do you wish you would've got started earlier? Because you, You know, you are older, you're 40, you're 40. I mean, you wish you had got started in maybe mid tween, mid late twenties to thirties. First thought I had when I saw my daughter is I wish that I did this 20 years ago, so I could have more time with you right After now. So she could actually see, I mean, you're probably still gonna be doing this when she's older to understand what her dad's doing.


Yeah. But that's one of the things that I, I really appreciate Yeah. That my kids got an opportunity to see their dad do. Yeah. His first career For sure. But also I just want to be like around them for longer. Right. Like within 10 seconds I was like, I just wanna spend as much time with you as I possibly can. Right. So I think there's part of me that did that, but then I wouldn't be with my wife. And my wife is the person that I'm supposed to be with. Right. So I'm glad it worked out this way. I think I'm mature enough and like, and ready to do it. But, but yeah, man, it was, yeah, it was tricky. Right. But you also gotta take ego out of it. Like, there was part of me that was like, all right, I just, I wanna get it pregnant naturally. Right. And then every month when she'd look at the pregnancy test and it wasn't there Right. She'd cry. And I'm like, how much? I was talking to the IVF doctor and he was like, you gotta look at this. He's like, if you have the money and it's not a concern, you gotta look at how much stress on your relationship this is gonna cost.


You might get pregnant. Like you could keep trying for a year. Yeah. You could keep trying for two years. You never know it could happen. It takes one. Right. So, but what is the stress on your wife and your relationship? Right. And after that, I was like, all right, let's go. Let's do this IVF. And it was amazing. Did you change e Did you have to change the eating habits? Did you eat differently before? Did you exercise Before? Before I did. Like, so before we did IVFI was like talking to doctors, like, is there anything I could do to like, make my sperm better? Right. Because they said it wasn't swimming that much. They're like, yes you could. You gotta ice your balls every day. So I was icing my balls every day. They're like, you gotta not wear tight underwear. So I was wearing loose underwear. They're like, you gotta stop drinking, you gotta stop smoking. So I was clean, I was icing my balls every single day. I, I was taking these pills. I was taking like four pills a day.


I was doing everything I possibly could do. I went and got tested again. My sperm got worse. Damn. Yeah. Yeah. Alan Iversson, he was like, practice, we talking about practice. So now you just like, fuck. So I was like, all right, let's Do this shit. I'm just going back to, I'm doing everything I can, bro. You in there, you jerking off into these cups, man. And it's just so, it's just humbling, bro. Right. But the crazy thing about it was like, after talking about it, I, when you're doing it, you think you're the only person that's ever struggled to get pregnant, by the way. Right. It's so isolating. No, it's a lot of people dealing with that. But I Didn't know that. So I started talking about it on stage and people would start coming up to me and they're like, oh yo, that was really cool to see that.


You know, I never seen anybody talk about that. I went through that. And then one of the most beautiful things about it was like on the tour, there'd be all these people that came out to the tour. I never told them that this is what the show was about. Right. Like, I've never been personal. I never told the stories, really. And then after I'd get all these dms, even to this day of people who are like, yo, I saw the show. We tried ev IVF, we ended up getting pregnant. Like, or they were going through that process during that time. And then they'll message me months later and they have a baby. And it's, wow. Yeah. It was, it was this thing I didn't expect out of the, out of the tour of the show, but it was so rewarding. You know, like, you realize that there are levels of importance to things and nothing is more important than your family and, and that baby that you make.


Right. And getting to see people witness that and experience that even in the show, You know, like life doesn't always work out sometimes Does the way you Want it. Exactly. And that's right. Sometimes you don't get what you want, but you get what you, what you what you need. And I think that's what happened to us. Like, we might've wanted it to happen one way, but the thing we got was the most perfect thing. Right. I couldn't imagine doing it another way. Right. So it was cool. You mentioned your dad is suffering earlier from short term memory. How, how has that on, how has that been on your mom? Oh, hard. 'cause she gotta take care of 'em. And You know, it's a full-time, it's a full-time job to do that. Yeah. And you're also like losing this person that you love.


But I, I tell you like, when you start to lose your memory, you, you're left with like, who you truly are. And I think the last memory my dad will have is how amazing my mom is. It's, it's amazing to hear him talk about how like, infatuated with her. He still is. And yeah, it was, it's really, I was concerned, You know, my dad's old. I'm like, is he gonna like, say some racist shit? Like, You know what I mean? Yeah. You don't know. Yeah. But his heart is pure. He's like this beautiful soul. Right. And like my mom had to take his debit card 'cause he was just giving people money for no reason forgetting. So he was giving the guy at the fruit stand like money and then forgetting he gave him and then going back to the bank, taking out more money.


Like he's just, he's a beautiful soul. Mm. So so yeah. He's handling it all right. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Your Nicks, what your Nicks gonna do this year? They gonna get old, get past Boston, get past the calves. I don't know man. I mean, I'm a delusional New York fan, so I'm saying, You know, next they're gonna win a championship every single year. Well We know your giants and Jet ain't winning Nothing. Yeah. I think that just got it next year in the Giants too. Got what? I think they're gonna win the Super Bowl together. Oh. What if they combine the teams? They might. Yeah. They combined. Yeah. What is happening with New York sports? Man, when I was growing up, the Yankees were winning everything. Yep. Giants got a couple, like, I mean, Nicks were in the playoffs at least cooking. Yep.


What's going on? What do you think it is? Well, I mean in, in football it's all about the quarterback. Yeah. You see that? Look at the teams that made the playoffs this year. So you think Aaron don't have it anymore? He has it, but he can't dial it up like he once could. Every single, you remember when he was a Green Bay man? It was, he was sensational. Yeah. There were moments where I would watch him on Green Bay and I was like, I think this is the best person that's ever played quarterback. I know that's a crazy take. Yeah. 'cause Tom Brady exists. But there were moments where I was like, that is the best guy I've ever seen play With. As you get older, you just can't do it with the f frequency and the regularity that you did when you were younger. And the problem is, is that as you are, if you are a great player, as you get older, they don't compare you to other great players that compare you to your younger self.


Hmm. So that's what we're comparing him to. Those four MVPs that he went in Green Bay. Yes. Not to today's quarterbacks. Yeah. And he is comparable to today's quarterbacks. Yeah. But he's not what we Remember. This is the burden of greatness. Lemme ask you this. Yeah. When you, how do you write a set? Do? I mean, do you write sets or do, because I, Marlon Wan says he don't write anything down. He just goes, Kat says he Right. Quake. A lot of guys say they Right. Do you write or did you just go on stage and just go, I go on stage with like ideas or feelings. Okay. I don't really have like a punchline for you yet. Right. But there are things I wanna talk about and then I eventually I listen back to it and then I can like write down little ideas from it. Right. And then that's where the set will kind of build and then you refine it.


Yeah. It's like gets fat and then you whittle away at it. It's like building a sword. You ever see somebody make a sword where you just kind of have that hunk of steel? Yeah. Steel. Yeah. And then you hammer it, hammer and hammer and it gets sharper and smaller and sharper and smaller. And eventually it's there. Right. That's the idea. How long does it take you to write? That Depends. Some jokes could take. There are jokes that I didn't have done until the night two of my special taping. Wow. And then there's jokes that come together in like a month and you're like, holy. Right. So it is just, it just depends. Yeah. Thanks for stopping by. Is there anything you wanna promote? You got to next Please. I just, I just want people to go check out the Shea Shea cognac. Man, I'm gonna give you that. That's your bottle.


Thank You so much. I want you guys to check this out, man, this is crazy right here. I love this. It's significantly reduced my racism. The second I started drinking, I was far less anti-Semitic. I started liking fat women way more. It it is, it's a weird side effect, but it makes you love the chicks that are a little big. And I just want everybody to go out there and get it. Where can they get it? You can order it online@laportiercognac.com. Okay. Or in your local store specs in Texas. Total Wines. Oh wow. You're in the stores. Yes. Yes. Because it's a mafia, this liquor store. Yeah. Like it, it's, it's kind of crazy that it It is.


It's a three tier system. Isn't that wild? Yeah. That's another podcast. Yeah. Anyway, thank you so much for having me, man. It was really an honor. I'm stoked to be here with you and I appreciate your, your time. My brother. Check out Andrew Schultz. It's Netflix special. Oh yeah. Life March, March 4th. It's up there on Netflix piece. Appreciate you, bro. Thanks you Man. I, I just wanna point out that we have already finished the podcast and then CJ the producer walked back and said, oh, there's just a few more questions that we gotta say. Okay. So I just wanted it Like Four. It's all, it's fine, but I just wanna make sure cj, you're a great producer, you're a piece of shit, but you're a great producer. Okay. Yeah. What was the question?


Kendrick said something. Yes. Yeah. He said, we don't let no white comedians talk about It. He said, don't let no white comedians talk about no black woman. That's the law. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You what's my opinion on it? Yeah. Oh, have you, have you not heard it? No. What'd you do? Oh, I, I, I had an opinion on the internet about it. That was pretty So you like going back and forth, especially like you said, if they're names only If you're big enough, like I'm not gonna go back and forth against like a nobody. Right. But if there's, if you're the biggest rapper in The world And you take a shot at, at me, that wasn't even the line that really bothered me. It was the next one that bothered me. What'd he say? He's like to the, to the n words that Kon and the n words being groomed slide on both of them. And a lot of people interpreted that as he was talking to Charlemagne and Alex Media, who I do the podcast with.


Yeah. Now, to me the word slide has implications of violence. Yes. So if you are calling violence on my friends Right. You're gonna probably hear something back from me. Right. That's just, You know, I care deeply about these people. Right. And You know, you're the biggest rapper in The world and You know, you ever know what your fans might do. So, So you do have two black friends, huh? I don't call them friends 'cause they're black. Okay. But if they were white I would call them friends. Yeah. Oh, okay. So you do have two black people that you funny, but, but even 50, like your joke 50 like, hold on bro. Come on now you Yeah. Fifties is a man, dude. Fifties. Fifties. The fucking man that fifties is a king of the shit.


Like, I would love to see how he would've handled it. Right. Any type of beep or anything like that. He, But people call your friends on the internet. They say they Yes man. They say they just agree with whatever you say. They go along with it Ki Kiki. Yeah. Yeah. And they don't hold you accountable for some of the stuff. Who, Who? I mean, they gotta, I'm saying, what'd you say Alex? Media? Who? Yeah, Alex Media. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I'm saying that's what the, the internet say. That's what your friends are. Your friends are. Yes ma'am. Which friends? Which friends? I guess the, your black friends. You know, you only got two Charlamagne and Alex, Cj. You gotta tell him what you mean by the questions. No, what? I mean, your friends, you got two friends and they don't, He's talking about a different podcast. No, No, I'm saying you two friends, you could just Be like, I don't know what this question is.


You could just say that. No, they say it. Your, your black friends. How many black friends you got? He putting his Foot down. It's not about my, my black friends. First of all, I don't have black friends. Okay. You have have Friends. I have friends. Okay. That happen to be black. Some of 'em happen to be black. Yeah. I don't categorize them. You don. Unless they're Jews. And then I categorize. You Only got two Though. But the Jews are just my Jewish friends. Everyone else is just friends. Okay. Yeah. But okay, lemme ask you this. So who you taking, who'd you taking to be Drake or Kendrick? Oh, I mean, Kendrick won. It's not even a question. Right. Like he won. Of course he won. It's not even like, of Course he won. I thought you was gonna go the other way because y'all, y'all had a little friction. No, I'm still objective. Right. Like, I prefer Drake's music.


Of course. Really? So does. Yeah. Right. So does the rest of The world. There's, I mean there's data that backs that. Yeah. Like that's, he's the most listened to. It's not a question, but in terms of who won it, I think you can't be like emotional about these kind of things. Like Yeah, he won it makes it Kendrick is really good. He is. He's really Good. He, that word plays, he was on point now. Yeah. And Drake is really good. Yes. It's Actually really cool to see that happen. It's very rare Right. That you get to see two people at the best of their ability go at it. Right. So yeah. Lemme mixed race cultures. Yes. Because you, you get this situation that's like, well you got a a a, a, one parent is white, one parent's black or whatever the ethnicity are. Yeah. And they say, well you're not this enough to be in this culture.


You're not that enough to be in that culture. So you're somewhere like in between. Yeah. Yeah. How do you feel about that? Must feel lonely. I'm 100%. Yeah. You see, both of my parents were, were not quite this chair complexion, but they were pretty dark. Oh, you're Black. Yeah. Holy shit. Holy dude. I had no clue. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. I'm mixed with water and shade by La Portier. No. Like yeah. I think that must be tough. You know, when I was, I used to live in Spain and my roommate was half Cameroonian and half Spanish like from Spain. And when he was in Cameroon, he was considered white.


And he is from Spain. And when he is in Spain, he's considered black. And what he started doing is saying that he was from Cameroon. Right. And he did that piece. He's like, I'm not gonna let you decide my identity. Oh, Okay. I'm gonna tell you what my identity is. Mm. And what I feel like, and I can imagine that being tough, man, that's probably gotta be hard. It is. It is. Because you relate to, because you, because you're kind of like in purgatory, you're not good enough to go here, you're not good enough to go there. So you're somewhere in the middle. And then when you do something good, both sides claim you. Yes. So now all of a sudden when you're good, oh, you're the man like Barack Obama's president and all of a sudden it's like, ah, it's the first black president that was now Barack Obama does some, they're like, look at that half white guy.


Yeah. Boy Tiger. Tiger was the best of that. 'cause tiger was black. Yeah. And then all of a sudden he was Ian. I don't even know if that was He was What Ian? He's Combination. Yeah, he's combination I guess. Yeah. I guess his, his mom had rest us soul. She just passed recently. Ah. And so that's what people like, hold on bro. We been rocking with you when they was calling you all them names. You ain't mention nothing about your Asian descent. And now he's saying I'm con Asian. Yeah. Yeah. What do you think he is? Just, what do you, what would you say he is? All I know is I saw them think they said the N word. They didn't say nothing about no Asian. Did he say the N word? No. I'm saying that's what people called it when they got him saying that. When he did what he did. Oh, They were saying that? Yeah. They didn't say nothing about the, they didn't mention the Asian part.


Can tiger say the N word? It all depends on who he's around. No, I'm saying like, if you heard him, like if he nailed a put and he was just like, I don't feel comfortable. Hold, hold on, hold on. Hold, hold on. So Tiger can't Say the N word. He Sia, he's Called, he's too combination. So there's no circumstance where he can say it. Nah, nah, I mean I'm sure he said it. Yeah. But IIII don't need to be in the vicinity. Would he say it? So if he, If you what if you said it to him as in an endearing way, you were like, yo, what's up? And then Nah, nah nah. And you Hit it back. Nah, nah, nah.


You got to be, you got to be, I got to like, like, like know you for me to, to address you like that. Why were you calling that to me when we were off camera? Why are you doing that around your all white staff? Why did you make a big deal about that? That they know me. Y'all, y'all I already get, it Was crazy that you did it and I asked you to stop. I was like, can you please, can you please refrain from referring to me? That that word Please. Well lemme ask you this. Why you be going that Meek Mill on social media then? I Love Meek. I always tell No You don't, you always talking about you love somebody. Me, I love Meek and be butchering them on every, I love, When did I butcher 'em? Man, I Love Meek. Meek. I love you. I'm the, I'm the only one on social media saying he's not gay. But you did say you have a hard time proving that you straight though.


I said he did a bad job of job. Yes. Which he laughed at. He laughed at the joke. He's like, this is the first time I laughed at somebody saying I'm funny. He just like so nor as long as it's a name, you gonna go back and forth with 'em, huh? Yeah. If, if it's, if it's somebody that's, if somebody's using me for my name, I'm not gonna go back and forth. Right. But if it's big enough that like Right. You know, sure. I'll do it right. Also if I like, if there's a but but Meek did nothing to me by the way. Right. Like honestly, he's really innocent in all this. Right. And I do support him. I do think that he gets an unfair shake. Right. I think he gets like trolled a lot. Right. And I think he's probably like a good guy. Right. So I always say leave Meek alone. Right. Even though I do make some jokes.


Right. But everybody gets these jokes, my man. Thank you brother. Thank you Jokes. Appreciate you. Thank you. Spotlight La the newest exclusive nightclub for allowing Club She Shade of film here. Spotlight LA is a place for anything and everything with something programmed for everyone. Keep up with Spotlight on Instagram at Spotlight LA All my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of dice. That why all my life I be grinding all my life. Look all my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. The price won. Slice. Got the Hey there.


It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible snacks like Lay's chips, garden veggie straws and planters, nuts or sweet treats from m and ms and Oreo plus many more. Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards to save even more restrictions, apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day.


Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic 'cause we came to play Bring the Magic at Walt Disney World Resort. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts Now you're heading in the wrong direction, and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions, and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, north Brook, Illinois.