
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway, So I ain't never made no money like that. Right? I'm 22, 23 years old in the club going crazy. Yeah. And then I'm like the most popular dancer, you know what I'm saying? The girls hated me. I couldn't They getting You getting recommendation now because they man, they got this girl down here such and So You and then I was popular Cash do that's, I, that's, that's how it started then. Oh, Okay. That's where bro, man, they got one named Cash Doll, bro. You got to seal 'em. Listen, I'm not lying. Detroit will, if I'm lying, they'll be in these comments right now. Like she lying. I was that girl the richest in exotic dancer in Detroit, Michigan. And then it got to a point where I wasn't even doing like table dance.


Remember I told you I was scared. Yeah. I would only go on stage and make all the money. Now all the dancers mad. I can't even change in the dressing room no more with them hoes. I had to change in the owner's office. They Behave like that. I got jumped. Come on. Hold on Bitch. Shit I thought was my friend Player's club. You got jumped like, like on girl. Like a what? A they Diamond. Diamond Trixie, what you call beat the break that You, But you could laugh at it now, you know. Yeah. But yeah, it got crazy. It got crazy. So you did, so how long were you exotic dancer?


Like a year and a half. That's it. You making bread like that? Yep. I came in and got out 'cause I, I ain't wanna do it. Okay. That's why I don't drink liquor. Okay. I used to have to drink at least two, three shots to even be able to deal with that shit. Yeah. Like niggas in your face. I don't even like all, I, I never been her. I can't be touched. I'm not one of them. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Let's be clear. And like, I went in there and I did what I was supposed to do. I was popular and I made money off of that. Right. You know, I made the best out of it, but I'm not one of them. You know. You ever date any of the clients? I never sold, no. I sold dreams. That's it. You know what I'm saying? And if I'm lying they'll tell you. Yeah.


But did I date? No. Never dated a client. I had a man while I was doing that. Oh, did you? I had a woo. Hey. So he drop you off, come pick you up Flat out. Not lying. He'd come drop me off and pick me up. I, I done that too. You a real one. Why? You a real one? What? Your birthday June 26th. I'm a Cancer. You a cancer? Yeah. That's, you were real one. I'm a Pisces. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. Set that alarm about three. Yeah. Like lemme go pick up my girl. Okay. I'm not mad at that at all. That says They about kill us. Kill Very confident. Yeah. You're not that, that says a lot. Yeah, I don't. Yeah, Y'all they don't tell.


But, so lemme ask you a question. So you get out, did you know what you wanted to do after you got out? Yep. I sure did. I always wanted to be a rapper. I always wanted to make music. I just didn't think that I could be her. Like I used to think I was reaching with that whole Right. With I was reaching. It was just a dream. Did you, did did, I mean prior to the, prior to us getting here, I never mentioned, I never heard you mention anything about I had dreams of being a, a rapper or you did any talent show. It was just that 'cause it's so natural. Like me rapping, I used to walk home rapping. Okay. Freestyling. Right. Singing dance routines.


Like that was just my life. Like when I was a kid, I was a kid that come into the, to the parties, the family parties and everybody be like, come on, get on the stage. Go ahead show what you got. You know what I'm, you could get on the stage and show what I got. Like I was the life of the party all the time because I was just talented like that. Right. So I always wanted to do it. I just never thought that I could do it like that. Right. You know what I'm saying? And I was kind of nervous of just not not doing it. Lemme ask you this. Cardi B took a very similar pass. She was an exotic dancer. Lady Gaga. She was an exact Eve. Trina. Jocelyn Hernandez. What is the trans, what is the natural transition from Lady Gaga singing?


You other guys are rapping. Is there a transit? I mean, how, I mean, I don't Know. I don't know. I don't think that it's just a transition. I mean, some like, women like us we're hustlers. Right. I feel like, and I feel like dancing is a step of stone. Right. And dancing is necessary. It gives you the sex appeal and also give you the confidence. Right. Because as an exotic dancer, everybody you name, they show skin, they be out. Right. You know what I'm saying? And I feel like that's like a step into stardom. And as a hustler you wanna make more and you wanna be legit and you like be a c you like take a picture. You like it looking good. Right. You know? I feel like that's the next step being an entertainer.


A real entertainer. Would you rap while you So, so, so I might just wanna know when you up there, what's going through, what's what going through your mind. KI mean, are you making eye contact? Are you, are your mind a million miles away? I'm rapping. I'm rapping the songs that's playing. Oh. And it was Jeezy at the time. Away too gone. What the am I doing? Jeezy was playing around that time. So it was like Jeezy Yo Gotti. Yeah. Drug money. Yeah. You could buy you what you like. So all of those was like the songs around that time. And I was feeling, I used to just be up there rapping for real. I wasn't, I wasn't that dancer. Okay. I wasn't, I was just popular.


Oh, you weren't twerking. I mean, I could Little, little, little you something. I'm twerk. I could do A little something. I figure you bigger. I could, I could do a little one. So what, so, so how did, so, okay, you're like, okay, a year and a half you're like, okay, I'm gonna, So you just like one day just like, okay, this is what I'm gonna do. Yeah. I went to the studio with my ex 'cause he had, okay. So I had ex Right when I used to go to work and he didn't want me to work, he would come and give me the money and make me come out. Okay. It got to that point. Yeah. Okay. You, because you, you remember we talked about earlier, you'll sit down now you gonna do Right. I'll Sit it down. Gotta make you gotta make me wanna sit down.


Okay. So he'll go and get me outta there and make me sit down. Okay. So it was cool. Yeah. And then I, I told him one day like, I wanna, I wanna rap. Okay. He said, hell yeah. That'll work. You already got a chain. I already had a chain. You got a chain. You look good. Shit. Your Instagram popping. You should do that shit. So we went to the studio and we made my first rap. We argued the whole time, but we made my first rep and I put it out right. And I got booked for a feature $2,500. Then they paid me another $2,500 to do the video. Mm. Was that five in a day? Then they paid me another $2,500 to open up for Chief Keith.


'cause he was in the city. So I'm like, damn, I just made 7,500 bucks. I'm a rapper. Right. Fuck all this other stuff because I hated doing the dancing stuff. Right. Because it got to a point, you know, after a person lust over you for so long and you, you know, like you, you, you going through the club, you selling dreams, you know? Yeah. You know, it get tiresome, man. And I was drinking. I was drinking great goose. Like yeah. It was straight. That's why I don't like liquor now. Okay. You know, and just to be able to deal with that. Right. Just to have to talk to people and all that. It got to a point where I was just like, all right, I'm shutting down. And I wanted it bad.


So after I made that $7,500, It was, I was done. It was nothing to talk about. Like, all right, cool. This is the next level of my life. What did you learn from that experience opening up for Chief Keith? That I was a rapper after I opened up for Chief Keith and I seen Chief Keith and he knew who I was. Ooh. And then he put my name in the song. I was like, all right, come on rapper. I'm a rapper. So I start rapping then. And then IJI did a remix to Tanasha two on and it was on all the radio stations. Like I was in rotation, not just like in a mix show. I was in rotation on every radio station like in the Midwest and to the point where her label was calling like, y'all playing another version.


And I did it and it was like, that was my song. Like Tene Tuan was my song. And that shit changed my life. And I never went back to dancing ever again in my life. And then Drake reached out to you to open up for him when he came to Detroit? Yeah. Yep. He did 2016 and I stopped dancing in 2014. You have a relationship with Drake today? I haven't talked to Drake in so long. Really? But we cool. Right. You know, and I see him and it's always all love but Right. Yeah. What do people get wrong about Drake? Because he, he, I mean, look, we know what Tre has transpired this past summer with him and K dot and it is been going back and forth and he label and blah. We don't have to get into that. But what do people get wrong about Drake?


What do they say about him? Certify love. What? You know the rap, I mean, they say a lot. I'm surprised. Lemme tell you why Cash. I'm surprised because a lot of people that was taking shots at Drake, I know Drake helped put him on, had him on his should and do things and collab and things like that. Yeah. So look for me, you good to me. I'm good to you. I'm gonna be good to you. So That's why you gotta know it be just something happening. That's why I don't even involve myself because it's no way, you know what I'm saying? You with a person or they with you and all that's happening. Yeah. So I, I don't got nothing to say because I don't know what be going on.


I don't know. I know Drake is a very nice person. Yeah, he's very nice. He's a very, he's a gentleman. But lemme ask you a question. Is it true that your boyfriend broke up with you? You took a picture with Drake? Gimme my drink Because I, because I mean, like, I had my hand. You and I, I, you know, we took a picture together. I got my hand on your shoulder with Drake hand low. Then your mid back you Couldn't No, it wasn't, it was really friendly. It was a really friendly picture. It was real chill. He ain't take it like that. He wasn't chill. He was on Five. Man the picture, I'm sitting down in the chair. Drake got his arm around me. It said KD no Tre five.


Is it arm around you? His hand was not on. It was like around like, like And y'all sitting down? No, he was standing. Were you looking in your eyes like this? I don't know that situation though, with that guy. It was just, it Was, he was in. So if, because if you taking a picture with a guy gonna call the guy to break up with you, he probably ain't for you anyway, Kate. He just was just jealous. You know, some people don't understand they woman being around. Yeah. Them type of men. It Hard because I think it's easier if a guy is on that level. Yeah. But I mean, come on now. Yeah. I found out then he was so mad. I mean, but he wasn't the one who ended the relationship.


I ended that shit. 'cause of course he got his mind right. But, but But he showed you a little, he Yeah, he caused all his ruckus about taking a picture and I'm just like, this is my coworker. Like I don't be doing all that extra stuff. Like, it ain't like I'm out here dotting and bopping. Okay. You know what I'm saying? I be chilling. I ain't one of them. I be chilling. I ain't, I've never been one of them. Never will be. You was mentioned in the beef though. He ca Kendrick put your name on the song. He did. What was that about? I, I don't know. Gave your name in the song. You asking me. I was happy, but then I was like, okay, so I'm trying to get the bar 'cause I don't know which way he was coming. Was he talking about Ice me Out or, because I lost my jewelry.


I just need you to think. But I got a song called Ice Me Out. So look, I'm seeing, I wake up, I get on Twitter, everybody like hashtag y hashtag hashtag y name and Kendrick Lamar beef. I'm like, shit is going down. I'm in. And then I'm like, well what's the bar? I'm like, what do you mean y'all? Yeah, I think you knew, but I think he's very talented. So he just meant that because look, okay, so I did lose like a half a million dollars worth of jewelry out here in Cali before. And then I don't know if it's icing me out. Mm. So You lost it or somebody Stole Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. They, they, they Cali man. Yeah.


I hold my whole jewelry box gone. So I didn't know if he was meant like that. Right. Or if he was saying find a jewels like cash. Do I need you to think? I don't know if he saying ice me out, you know? So I just was like, well either way it means well Right long you in the B of A. I'm meant my me my name Brought Cash Commandments around that time. Yeah. So I'm like, I'm Yeah, but lemme ask you this. You, you, I got you. You gotta help me out. What's with the, with women's rap beef? I don't know. They crazy. They crazy. And it, but it, it's, it's the women, I mean guy, I mean Guy, you know guys, I mean Obviously guys, rap Beefs take it there.


Yeah. They be different. But I'm just trying, I'm just trying to say it's not like it's a, it's like 35,000 of you guys out here rapping. It's only a, a handful of you guys. That's really, really good. That's really, really talented. And there's enough money and, and Fame and fortune and act a claim to go around. Why y'all beef? Who beefing? Why you talking about y'all? I'm Saying like, all y'all are great. You're very talented. You look good, got great bodies. Y'all got in so much going on. Who is we? I'm not beefing with them. Ho You were. Who? You don't bring that up. I, you, you I say you.


I ain't you. So you, I mean Okay. Like listen Real talk. Understand me. So with my beef, you listening? I'm Listening. It was just, I'm okay. Lemme get here so I can hear. Okay. Well, well my beef, it wasn't really no beef. Okay. I just wanted a few girls to change their name. Oh. Oh, the doll. Yeah. Oh right. And then when it was a lot of backlash from it when I felt like I needed to make a song.


Okay. Because that's how we make money and this is what we all do. So why not? Let's get in the field. That's how we get in the field. If that's how we gonna get in the field. Okay. Right. Make a better song then. You know. So I just wanted everybody to change their name. That was my name. Damn you. I don't know. Y'all be it. Go back a minute. But see that's a long time Ago. But you say like, I like the way you frame it. Like misunderstanding. It was a misunderstanding because it was a very long, first off, it was back in 2018 or something where I made the song and it was just, 'cause it was a lot of, it was a lot of this. And all I said was to change your name, it have to be beef.


You just should have just changed it Because damn, look, I mean it ain't that Simple's my brand. It's my brand. Okay. So just picture all this time I've been doing this all this time. Right. And then just a group of girls just come out and now it's just all these dolls. It's not a lot of, it's not a lot of menages. It's the only thing you hear a lot in the female rap is Doll. Yeah. I didn't come out cash minaj. I didn't come out Cardi. See I didn't come out old Miami. I didn't come out cast the stallion because that's their name. Right, Right. So you wanted to be the only doll I should have. I am.


Oh, there's a rapper now. Was should have. Oh, is there an Asian there? Asian doll. Asian doll. Oh my bad. Go to the next question. I I'm just, damn, I'm sorry. Go to the Yep. You doing it? Asia dog, dream dog. Cuban dog. Damn. There's a lot of dogs. Yeah. So, oh, so So you, you see how you just said that? Yeah. So think about this. A person that worked so hard that, you know, I done did all this and I come on the internet every time I come on here, it's a list of who's the best doll. Who's the the cutest doll. Who has the best body Outta the doll? I the cash doll. Cash do get my boat. That's my people right there. Gimme another one. Y'all ain't messing with y'all. Y'all can't mess with cash.


No. So you see what I'm saying though? Yes. And it's like you just put me in a box automatically. Right. Who's the best do like, no, I wanna be in that conversation. Right. Not in this one. Right. I been did that. That's me, that's my way, that's my shit. Let's take it to the mic and whoever got the best bar, gotta give up the dog. And that's what I did. And that's exactly what I did. Give it up that Detroit, we going by the end, by the end of the show, we gonna get something that Detroit to prosecutor though. I, I Been doing good though having I been, You been doing good. Okay. Then I heard this new word Alpha, alpha submissive. That's me. Ooh, I'm pushing it.


Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, alphas aren't really submissive. It's a balance. I heard it. They got, they got this new wave of alpha submissive women. Mm. Okay. All right. Then you get into it with kd Kevin Durant. Yeah. I don't even bring him up. You have you ever met kd? I haven't in person. We just beef going at it on the internet. Y'all still beefing? No, we ain't beefing no more. He, he already told everybody I was the real kd so we cool. But he really, the KD though. I he cool. He cool. Yeah. Celebrity lookalike. You know you got a celebrity lookalike. Which one? Tasha Smith?


Yeah. Yeah. That's my girl. Y'all Related? Nah, that's my, that's like my big sister y She older than my mom though. I I be thinking she my mama, but that's like my big sister. Yeah. Mm.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad-free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight. Featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it. Yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's Extremely pink. Listen, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I mean, you've ra with some of the best like Lotto Meek Tiana. I mean, is there anybody that you haven't made a, a collab with that you'd like to say? You know what, I wanna get on the track with you Rihanna. Re Well she ain't doing no more. She, I don't think she doing. No, she should. She got, she got baby, she got a little family now. She doing her lingerie, her perfume. She doing everything. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I, that's, I Don't her, I mean, of course BI would like to do something with B but B who else? Who else that I would like to do a song with that I haven't did a song with. It's some new people that I like that I would like to do a song with. Who?


Hmm? I like to do a song with Cardi. You know, my new fa like my new Faye not Go Little Rilla. I fuck with G Glow except Peter Fry 90. Hey The age. Yeah. Age Ain't got no Ain't got Me. How you know that You Glow? Say she Stepping Over? Yeah. I like, I like, I love G Glow. It's some dudes I la too. I don't know, I, I can't think right now. I been drinking. You you got Lil well Lil Wayne hopped on hopped Phone coach. Oh yeah. Yeah. I love Lil Wayne. Did. Is it true You got you DM R Day. How'd you get on How you me and Cool.


Okay. So I just took, because she always was listening to my music and I was Your Daddy this song. And she sent it to him and he sent it back. 'cause he had already wrote an article and he was like, they was asking about the new female rappers and he was like, no cash dog can rap for real. Like she can just throw a song out there for what it is. But she really can rap. Right. And I was like, damn Lil Wayne said that about me. 'cause Lil Wayne can rap. Right. You know, so when he said that, I'm like, all right, maybe he'll do a song with me. And I tried my luck as you should. Hey shoot the shot. Hey. And he hopped on It. I used to be afraid. Now I'm still curry, I'm shooting from anywhere. I'm Shooting, I'm shooting, I don't care. I'm making A miss it, whatever. I did it. Yeah, you exactly tell me. So hey, I might even get a foul call.


Go to the line and make free throws. Hey, how did you and Rihanna become friends? She DMed me one time. Damn. Yeah. Did you think of like, this ain't no this ain't Riri. I did, I had to click on the name a couple times to go to the actual profile and scroll like damn, hold on, lemme go back to the dm. I went back to the DM and I read it again and I'm like, lemme go back on like this Rihanna. And then she talked to me like she knew me like da. And I was just like, Rihanna, stop playing with me. You know what I'm saying? Then I seen, she followed me and I'm like wow. Like this the Rihanna.


Right. And she like, I'll be in New York, pull up on me, da da da da. I love these for everybody. So I'm like, I'm pulling up on re when I get to New York. You crazy. I wasn't even in New York but I went when shit, why not? And she had like a little a launch for her 50 brands Right. Put up on her and she like, she was just cool. We drinking, we in the club, she talking my, brought me my money. I'm like, have my money. You know what I'm saying? We having a good time. And then I remember pulling off. Right. 'cause I wasn't as known at this time. I remember pulling off from where we was at and her fans was outside my dumb ass.


I recorded it too. I rolled it with nine. Like, hey Navy and them motherfuckers ran to that car so fast. And I was like, pull up, pull up, pull up, pull up. And I sent in the video she said, bitch you crazy. And then we went out to eat. We, I pulled up at her condo. She just DM me probably like three days ago. Like we be keeping in contact. That's awesome. That's cool. That's my girl. Lemme ask you a question. What have you learned about money? Because obviously growing up you didn't have a whole lot and then you, you know, you dance, you, you danced for a year and a half and you come into some money. But now you have way more money than probably you ever imagined you would have. Yeah. Yeah. What have you learned most about money?


Hmm. Let it come and go. It come and go. It flow. You gotta spin it for it to flow. Mm. Really? Hell yeah. Me. Oh when I come for me. But when I find myself just saving and just not touching and stuff like that, it seems like for me that it don't come in as fast as to do when I'm spinning this shit, it flow. Wow. But that's one thing I learned. I can't believe I just Told you that. But I also learned that it come and go and it's just not everything.


Okay. It is not because relationships can get you a most money can't. Absolutely. Absolutely. So it's, and people don't understand. I don't understand that once you get to a certain level, it ain't about no money And as Much as you chase it, you ain't gonna get it. Nope. So That's why I say this is very important to be a good person. That's first things first. In this life, in this world, your heart gotta be pure and your intentions gotta be pure. You just gotta be a, a authentic, pure hearted person and everything else gonna flow. That's what I feel like. What's the worst purchase you've ever made A mansion?


Why'd you, I mean you, you move around so much. Why you get a mansion? Why you get a look? The worst purchase I've ever made You done got off it. I had to sell it. It was expensive. Okay. It was too much maintenance. I had all my family there. It was just the worst thing I've ever that I felt like that was a lot of money that just went down a drink. But I had fun in that motherfucker. I had me a few pool parties. It was around Covid. Covid happened. The flow wasn't the same. It's just like, it was just like a loss. Like it just, it was a loss. What's the most expensive gift you've received? You, you, you take gifts.


You love gifts. Are you okay? I love it there. Lemme ask you a question guy give you a gift. Y'all break up. You giving it back If he ask for it. Huh? If he ask for it, it depends on what it is too. Yeah. Yeah. So piece of jewelry. Nah, you ain't never back That. What the hell you gonna get back? Dress It up. See I'm gonna like to buy you something too. So if you talking about So you want something back, I want my shit back too. I mean you, I mean if you talking about you not gonna give the jewelry back, what you gonna get back The dress? I'm not giving no clothes in no purses. That's what I'm saying. So It gotta be a car. Oh You get a whip back? Yeah. Nah, come take book and it's not in My name.


Come get this bitch back in now. You know what, I got too much pride. Then I just turn around and go get me my own. I ain't got that kind of pride. I'm keeping it. You gonna keep it If a, if somebody, if a woman bought me a car, But that's a woman, think about a woman and a man buying one and it's in their name and now they could call the police on you while you out driving in it. Tell 'em I'm gonna tell 'em what really happened. Say she bought it, she got mad at me. But guess what? At the end of the day who name on it? So you gonna have to give it back. So you might as well just give, give it to 'em and go by your own. Nah, put it in my name. I don't want it but ain't in my name. Give What? Exactly. And then that's a learning lesson. Once a person do something like that, don't buy me shit off ain in my name.


You invested in beauty, beauty bars. Yeah. So now you are obviously, you know you rapper but you like not, you got money coming in. So now you need to invest, you need to like make sure that money. So when you done, I don't know, you might, who did I have on here talking about? So they gonna be rapping when they say ll ll say Hey Mick Jagger still on stage performing. I'm gonna be on stage performing too when I'm 60, 70 years old. I ain't nothing wrong with it. So, but obviously that'll be a great if you want to do that. Right. But not to get out there because you have to do that. Have to, you doing it 'cause it's your passion. You are having a good time and you just like traveling and you just love doing what you do. Right. But yeah, I have beauty bars. A few of 'em. It was called Casa de Do.


Okay. Where I had like makeup artists there, clothes, nails, what else? Hair. And I had two of 'em. One was in Columbia and one was in Detroit. Right. OnlyFans. What about it? Make a lot of money on OnlyFans It? Nah, 'cause I wasn't doing what they wanted to do. Oh, they want you to take it all off? I don't know. I think that's just a freaky site. Am I lying? I Don't know. Like, 'cause they gave me a a, I had a six figure deal with OnlyFans, you know what I'm saying? And they just wanted me to post on there and they wanted me to kind of convert it from being just like that Right. To you know, actually giving exclusive content for your fans. Right. Right. And so I went on there for that and I mean the first one was stray, second one was stray.


And then when they, they they start seeing, they wasn't getting no TD ass from me. They said we out. So I Oh so so another. So new women be making money. They be posting the real, the real deal. They Gotta do. They got to 'cause it's no exclusive content. I mean when, when I post my toes it did good Toes. Yeah. I post my feed and then me And freaky like that. For Real. I was posting, I was posting like my unreleased music and videos before it actually dropped. Like stuff, like exclusive content for my fans. Right. My fans only fans. Right. It wasn't going for that. It was people on there. They wanted to see that ass. Yeah.


And that punani and the boobs. And I wasn't, I ain't, I ain't, You ain't sure That I ain't doing that. They be making like million dollars a month. I'm not doing that. I wouldn't even feel right if if, if I was happy doing stuff like that, I'll do it. Right. I'm not judged. Nobody ever You at a different place in your life. Now I maybe they'd caught you when you was 21, 22. Maybe you'd have thought about it. Okay. If you making 30 Pictures are forever. Videos are forever. I don't want nobody my kids to go look Me up. Four 30 million And see me think about it. 30 million. Lemme ask you, what, what advice do you give new artists, new artists getting in this business?


Because we hear about these deals and they've get, you know, they getting raped across the code. They get advance and they're now they're upside down. What, what do you tell new artists, artists that's getting in this business? What, what's some advice? Cash Doll pass along. I feel like first off you need to have a lawyer. Okay. You need to have a lawyer that's for you. Like get a family lawyer or something. You know what I'm saying? Secondly, be yourself. Be yourself. Everybody else is taken. I feel like when you be yourself, like you are gonna attract the fans that you need. Right. You know your fans that really like you for you, you want people to with you, for you. Right. Not for who you wanna be or whatever the case. Maybe your aunt or ego but nothing fraudulent. You know? I feel like you need to have integrity and morals when you moving around in this industry.


Right. It don't just go for anything. You know, it keep it, keep your appearance together, you know, like that. That's it. I think that's the only advice that the things that I have made mistakes which was not have a lawyer when I first started. So I think people should take heed of that. Is it true scammers were posing as your TM steam and stealing thousands of dollars from people? How Do you My all doing hair and makeup. Yeah. Hi, this is Jasmine Renee, cash doll friend. That's what he just said. What do you remember when they used to do that?


That scam? No, they still doing it. No, they not. They are every now and then. Mm. I hate them. Tacky ass bitch. They tacky. Dang. They tacky. I guess Her name. Jasmine Renee? Yeah. Okay. So they do something where, 'cause you know like people like me for my hair and makeup and stuff like that. Right. So they get these, these hairstylists and lash techs and braiders and everybody and they reach out to them and say We the one that do cash dos hair and makeup And they send money to do my shit. I don't understand that. I'm not paying nobody to do they hair and makeup.


Like why am I paying anything? I'm gonna do it for free, but I'm not paying you to do it. Right. And they reach out to do that. You mentioned earlier you had 500,000 stolen from, from jewelry. What did you learn about that situation? Were you care, do you think? Do you think it was somebody that was close to you? Were you careless? No. 'cause I see I was, I was tired. It was coming from traveling a lot. Right. Okay. It, I had left it in the car. Oh. Because I was traveling. Right. I had just gotten done coming here. Right. And I was doing a lot of music videos and I had my whole jewelry box and I put my jewelry box in the backseat. But I put all my purse, my purses in my clothes in the trunk. I'm sorry I'm sick. I just came back.


No, you St. Thomas. You need Water. Got water. If you need water, you wanna take a drink? No, that's, you want Kleenex? You need kleenex? No, I'm Okay. Okay. I'm okay. But I left all my jewelry in the backseat. I mean, no, I left my jewelry in the backseat and I left all my purses and my clothes in the trunk. So when I got to the place, I took all my purses in my clothes out the trunk and forgot the jury in the backseat 'cause it was separated. Right. And the next day I'm getting ready to do an interview and I can't find my jury. So I'm like, where the fuck my jury at? And I had left it in the car and somebody a, a, a regular man was breaking into cars that night. And they say they do it all the time.


And he came up on a pile of Go. Oh, he hit a lick. He wasn't even black was he? No. He was rushing and I was just like, you know what? But I used to just like when my jewelry just always, and it taught me something like, you know, like that's material. Mm. Like you just gotta let it be. I was just so on it because it cost so much and I worked so hard for that stuff. Stuff. Yes. You know what I'm saying? Yes. And I think that's the sickest I've ever been in my life. When I walked down them stairs and went in that car and I did not see that jewelry box, I just said, oh no, I just laid in the backseat and cried.


I know the feeling. I Had so much jewelry in there. I had two-tone aps, anniversary Rolexes, half carrot diamonds stuff. My best friend bought me stuff, my friend. I just had like sentimental pieces in there and I Was just like, yeah, that's what it is. Damn. Because all that stuff, you know like, like my house got broken into also and the stuff that got stolen is that it was an accumulation of over 30 years. Yeah. And I had to like, I, I want that watch. So I gotta save for a year and a half, two years now that I ain't got, I ain't gotta save it. Don't watches don't mean it don mean I still like watches. But it don't mean the same. Yeah, it Don't mean the same. Yeah. Because When you got the struggle to get something, you have a a much greater appreciation for it.


Yeah. You do. You know the value behind it be different. Yes. You know what I'm So you could just buy in and have it. It'd be like, oh whatever. Yeah. But when you really like put things in layaway and pay on it through time and you get it, it's like damn, you know what I You really appreciate it. You really appreciate it. And it was like right after that, after that happened, I found out I was pregnant with my son on Mother's Day. And I was like wow, God gave me something that meant way more than that. Something got taken and something got given. Yes. And it was way more than that. Yes. And I was just like, you know what, I'm gonna just take that for what it is. I had insurance on it so I got my, got my little quarter million dollar shit. I know that's right. Yeah.


And then, you know, I just left, left it where it was at. Sometimes it's, it used to still make me sick but now I'm just over it. Damn. I me too. I be thinking like damn, I wonder they gonna find my stuff. Right. I always think that like what if somebody just come and be like, well cash, Hey cash you knows, hey we saw this and and blah blah blah the serial number and we went to get the service and it was yours. I keep hoping that but I'm running outta hope. I'd running outta hope. Me too. You also experienced a robbery robbery at your Atlanta home. Your baby's father had a shootout with the burglars 70,000 ing bag. Damn. He pissed. How be doing all this? Who Told you? You know I'm from Atlanta.


Ain't nobody tell you from Atlanta. That happened. I'm just saying I'm from Atlanta And that did happen and I was gone. So look, me and Ja again another one. We in the car we riding. I get an alert on my phone in Detroit. We in Detroit. I get an alert on my phone, my house in Atlanta. And it was crazy 'cause in the basement that I was just had, I was at my friend birthday party. It was no service down there. Oh. Soon as I get out I get a alert and it's some niggas three running through my backyard with they guns. I'm like Ja, it's some at my house bitch.


So I called my baby father at the time. He, it is what? It's August. I call him. I said we, yeah, we had to pull over on the side of the freeway. I called my baby father. I said some s go get him. Go get him. Go get him. You go get the outta my house. You feel me? Right. He like, I'm about to kill nigga, I'm about to kill nigga he get off the phone. So I'm driving fast. I can't even go nowhere. I'm just shook. I'm shook. I'm like Ja call the police. So she calling the police, she calling, she on the phone with the police. I'm just thinking what to do, what to do. But I don't see the in my house yet. I'm like John, I don't think they got in there. I don't think they got in there. Both my kids in the backseat.


I get another alert walking in my room. I said they got in there. Damn. They got in there. Ja they got in there. She lied. Oh hell. Right. So she telling the police like, you know, go here. She getting the tool with the lady on the phone. 'cause she talking about this. You got a attitude. All the other shit, whatever. Yeah. So I'm sitting here thinking I'm seeing them ling through my shit. They ling. They ling. Next thing you know they go in my closet. They got the ostrich, Birkin, the crocodile and the white. Ooh. Oh my God. What to do, what do, what do what to do.


So I'm sitting here looking. I'm looking you Outta And I'm driving and I'm driving fast. I'm riding down Jefferson. I get on the camera now I remember I could talk to the camera. Yeah. Hey y'all better get the fuck outta my house. Right. When was running, he stopped. I looked back at the camera, then they all ran out. He still have, He had the bag Working bro. You get it back. Not all of them. You get the crock one back and you said the crock. The crock got back. Okay. The crock came crocking back. Okay. You good. Was a snapper. You good?


So So your baby, did your baby daddy pull up at your, so Look, he pull up, he pull up B, B, B, BB outside. Then he know pull up B, B, BB. It's going on outside. So they already, they they running out the house while he shooting. Bam. He catch them coming off the side of the house. He pulls up, cut him off. It's a shootout. BBBB, BB. Now the police, we called on they ass too. We went crazy. We dropped them. They in jail right now to this day. Good To this day. So y'all want that? Yeah. Hey you, you, you left baby after you done did that baby daddy came that thing like what?


You gotta keep him? He a good one. He put it all on the line for you Ca Yeah. He life when you came buy some birkins. It wasn't even just buy my stuff. That was his home too. But them birkins though. He coulda, they hey he put A life. He didn't know that's what they had. They coulda had his shit too. So don't he ain't just come because it was my birkins. He came to protect his home at the time as he should. Right. Okay. We ain't gonna act like a nigga put they life on the line. If I wasn't there and that was his house, he would've did the same thing.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad free user interface enjoys search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory. Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah. It was like, do I send the Heart now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Are you mindful now? Because a lot of times people post on social media. Yeah, I don't post. Yeah, you don't post. Yeah. I'm, I'm starting to learn that. But it's like in the field that I'm in, like they it they just like to see that type of stuff. Yeah, they do. And and even when my social media manager, she could ask, you could ask her, I'd be telling her like, don't post that shit. Like she, I used to go shopping and she'll go in my closet room and I'll have like 10 shopping bags of like purses all this for her to record it because I normally would just have it sitting and put it up. Right. I'm not doing all that Right because I used to do it so much coming up. But when I notice, when she starts doing it for me, it, it does something for the content.


It definitely Does Social media and they likes that stuff. So it's just a balance I'm still trying to find of not posting and posting. Right. You know what I'm saying? Gotcha. Because I got to a point where I stopped and then now I'm trying to get back into this groove of things and you know, then those things happen like that. Oh Yeah. You know, So Then your neighbor's like, man he running the trap, he running the drug. Yeah. Because they see all these different foreign cars pulling up at my house on a daily, you know, a lot of traffic of black young people. But it really was a family affair. Like Right. You know what I'm saying? It's just family and I can't help that. My god damn, my big sister got a Billy truck. Right. I can't help that. You pulling up in no goddamn white portion.


I got a Mayback truck. I can't help that. Right. This business, they, we gotta, we gotta work and they're black, you know? Right. You know, I can't help that but this is my life. Right. And these are the people I surround myself with and I'm always to telling 'em, don't pull up. 'cause they gonna think we running a trap. Well you gonna have to think we trapping. 'cause I'm pulling to pull up in what I got. I'm pulling and that's what we got. I ain't having no Uber drop me off just to please y'all. Exactly. To please y'all. Y'all mad your security because I'm the youngest on the block and the richest. Yeah. You feel me? Yes. You transitioned to acting. Yeah. Did you always want to act? Yeah. I love entertainment, so I like acting all forms. Yeah. I like all of it. I love it. I love it. There You on Empire working with Taraji and Terrance Howard.


How was that? That was fun. Taraji's cool. Right? She cool. I didn't get to see Terrance Howard that day. I don't think he was on set. Right. But I got to work with her and I got to work with what's her name that played Precious. Who? Gabby. Yeah. Gabby. Gabby. I got to work with her on there. Yep. It was a good time. I had a good time. It was a great experience. Like that was probably my first real big set. Right. Empire. Yeah. Is it true you DM 50 cent a video? You acting? Yes, I did. I You showed no mind sliding a dm, do you? I don't care. I don't Care. I don't care. 50. What's up? I'm trying to get on one of 'em shows I sent them a VM of me acting like I was set it off and I had my guns in the house.


Right. And I was talking about, I was like, put your, everybody get the down now. Right. And then I switched the little gun and got the big one. Like I said, get the hell no, I said it to 50. Put me on something I could act. So I was working on BMLI Had a good time. That was a great experience. Right. I had to move to Atlanta. Okay. And film. It was during Covid, but I had a good time doing BMF. Everybody on set was a good time. It's like, it was family, you know, learning even different things about BMF because when BMF was a thing in Detroit, I was a little bitty girl.


Right. So I didn't know nothing about it. I mean, of course I heard it. Right. But I started learning all these different things about it. You know what I'm saying? So I'm like, wow. Like, wow. Detroit really got some like, real life legends that started a lot of things that the world followed. Right. Because Big Mech is, he started a lot. He he's he he one of the ones. Right. You know, so it was just like I was learning about my city more things I didn't know about it. And I got to do things that I really wanted to do. Right. And I was a part of something, you know, with my, with the Detroit culture. Well, Misha just got out. Have you, have you had Con conversation? Not yet. I'm gonna go see him though.


In, in February. He having a concert. Yeah. I'm pulling up Sex scene. Why is you bringing up that? Have me a drink too then? Hmm. What about it? I wasn't, It was an experience. Yeah. You know, we can't drink on set, but me and Mech, we snuck one. Me and Little Mech, we snuck one. Yeah. And we, Because you had to get in character, huh? Yeah. Dang. That was my first time doing something like that with all 'em cameras on and stuff. I'm like, oh my God. Yeah. You, you nervous? Hell Yeah. And then Lala gave me a, a quick little rundown before I went in there and she was like, okay, so look, this how these, the angles, this what you gotta think about.


And I'm like, all right, Okay. I could do this. And I went in there and I did It. You knocked it out. Huh? I did it. Ooh, You okay? You okay with sex scenes? Because I talked to women so I'm like, nah, I'm good. Yeah. I'm, 'cause I'm over it now. I did it right. I did it. I didn't have no kids at the time. Oh, so now you done, you ain't doing that no more. Yeah. No, Because I could tell my kids that was before y'all. I ain't none of y'all business. I was grown. You know, now it's like, I just don't, I know I did it a few times in that. Right. And it was cool. Right. It, I'm not ashamed of it at all. Right. No know the greatest did it. Right. The greatest of all times have done it. Yes. It's just that, you know, I wanna focus on other things. Right. I know I'm, you know, a little sex appeal, but it's like, I don't want that just My Yeah.


Yeah. Diane don't wanna be your mo. Not Just that It, I wanna, yeah. I can seriously act. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna be, no, I'm a sex symbol that can act, so Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So it was cool. But then I still got to act, I was still a lawyer on there and you know, I had kids and I had to cry and act out. So it was like, it was just a balance. It was just like a rollercoaster of being Monique. Oh, okay. You know, and I got to show different ranges of me. You okay. Being the breadwinner in your family? Am I okay? Yes. Or do you have to date someone that has to make more money than cash? I've, I've dated it all. I've dated people that had more money than me and some that didn't. Well they, the ones that didn't date didn't make as much as you.


How were they be very interested to find one of them out there. One that make more than me. You never dated a woman. Woman that made more than you. Oh. Must be nice. Is it? I don't know. Or will you be like very insecure or intimidated? Shit, I don't know. Cash. She gonna have to be to make more than me. She gonna have to, it gotta to be, She gotta make a lot of money. Deep, Deep, deep Bang. So that's a, that's that's a different type. Yeah. Yeah. That's, it is not that many, it's not a lot of women that, it's a lot of women that make more than men. Yeah, For Sure. It's not a lot of real rich men that date women that have more than them.


No, but sometimes you have real rich men that have women. That's more valuable. Yeah. It don't even have to just be about money. Right. I where I'm at in my life. I'm having a good time. You're Having a good time. So you ain't looking for No, you ain't looking for nothing really specific. Or you have someone, Oh, Get me. I Take your shot. Nah, 'cause you pouring but you ain't drinking. Oh, I'm Finna, I finna, I finna Do you do you or do You?


So so, I mean what? So Cash dog, single, she keep in stack. We, Hey we friends. Ain't nobody here but your friend. My friend. Yeah. I'm having a good time. I'm Having a good time. You don't want nobody to know who he is. Next question. Next question. You funny. You funny. Well, I'm having a good time. Well, thank you. You having a good time right now? I'm having a great time. Yeah. We go, we vibing. Yeah. We, you in a relationship.


I'm having a good time. Oh my God. Oh my God. I feel you. Yeah, I'm Saying I know what that means. I know what that means. That What I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. We, We here, we, We there you All right with me? Me? Do you like when a man send you money? I mean Lexington say, Hey, your guy Cash, here you go. I mean, I don't love I guess Cash app or something. Maybe he has your bank account. You gave me your information. Hey. Yeah. I would love that.


Yes. How'd that make you, how'd that make you feel? He like, Hey Girly. Okay. It made me feel like, Hey love me. That turned me up. You buy me gifts and stuff. I like that. You like that? It makes me feel feminine. It makes me feel soft Like this man care about me. Yeah. 'cause I feel like man, care about y'all love y'all money. For sure. So if you spend some money on me, you like me. Especially, especially you know, you work. I mean like, like, you know, you making a, I mean, I think everybody, it don't matter how much you make, you appreciate it but me, you know, Hey, I ain't always make no bread. So I guess you get, you get enough if I have to come up off it.


Yeah. Best believe. Yeah. I like, I like a man that provides and take pride in that. And just wanna make me happy and, But you've gifted me money, Money, money. No, I ain't giving no money. What you give, you give him a gift or like a watch? I, I'll buy a gift or So Watch car. I, I haven't bought no car. I haven't bought a watch. I like damn. I like damn cage. I bought a couple things though. I like spending money too. You do? Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. I like to You got home. Wow. My man too. Your Homegirls like you. Huh? Your homegirls like you. Yeah. My homegirls. My homegirls. They spend money too. Mm. Keep that in mind.


Lemme ask you a question. Dudes say cash. Look, I'm in a situation right now and right now I can't leave, but I need you and you be my rider down the side. Oh No, that ain't happen. Don't even say that to me. Don't even, don't even fix I mouth to say no shit like that. Be your ride or die. The side on the side. There's women that go for shit like that. Right. Just for a couple dollars. No, I ain't doing that. Nah, He don't give you no couple dollars. He gonna give you, Nah, I ain't doing nothing. I I'm not doing that. Just off the strength of I don't want nobody doing that to me. Right. Okay. I feel you. I feel you. That's where you at. I'm saying like, no, I'm not okay with you having somebody and you trying to pursue me and want me to chill until you get that, get that figured out.


Right. Then they come approach me. Don't. Now if you lying, that's a different story. Right. You know what I'm saying? Because I didn't know. But knowingly. Right. Like that's not cool Where you on social media dating. You let a dude slide in your DM and holler at you. You know what's so crazy? What? I was just talking to my homegirl. I don't even be seeing that shit. She said, you need to start looking. Right. Because I don't be seeing it. And I'll be seeing things years later. Like, like if they, if if it circulate, if it come back around to me and I'll go and look like, oh wow, this person been in my DM for a minute. You know, but yeah. Oh, I don't be Joy. Make sure you race down and she ain't seen it in you.


No. But it be like, I don't be just in my DM looking for nothing. Right. It be like, Lemme make you so kids. Now you, how do you, how do you handle the balance? Because you mentioned you had, you, you know you have two kids. Yeah. Two. Right. And obviously you're doing what you do. You're on the road a lot. Yeah. Are your kids able o old enough to travel? Do they travel with you sometimes? Yeah, they Travel with me sometimes. Right. Yeah. So how, how, how do, how do you handle the, the, the work li the work balance between mom, entrepreneur, businesswoman, rapper, entertainer. Tough. Huh? Ooh. It is, it's tough. You gotta have a great support system. You know, your mental health gotta be intact.


Right. 'cause you know, it's kind of hard like leaving your kids and knowing you're not about to see them for a minute. And actually solely tru trusting somebody to take care of them. Yeah. Is a lot. It's a lot. 'cause I don't feel like nobody gonna do it like me, you know? But I trust God. I trust God. I trust the process and I just put it all in his hands. 'cause I know he ain't gonna steer me wrong. Right. Yeah. With that situation, that's just a whole spiritual situation that I, I got with God, me and me and him. Right. Yeah. You wanna get married? I, I don't. I do. I do, but it's like, it's so many full of shit ass people out here that it's so discouraging.


Could you be, could you be in a relationship and not be married? I mean like, like I'm saying, I'm like, okay, y'all do everything together. He does everything for you. Y'all live together, y'all, whatever the case may be. The only thing is you don't have his last name. Is the piece of paper that important to you? I want some security. Yes. That is security. That is a real commitment in front of God. Like I want that. Yes. Yes. You Signed up, you gonna make him sign a prenup. What if he makes less? No, We, I ain't worried about that. Like I ain't worried about your money and my money y'all. Your money. Your money. My money, my money. Like I ain't in it for that. Yeah. Like if we do some things together, then all right, now we gotta talk about this. Right. Because this is what we joined together. Right. But I'm not in it to, I'm not in it for the money.


Right. Like to make sure that I, I could be well off if we don't work out. Right. You know, because I'm still gonna be doing me. I feel like most people that does that is like women that give they life up for men. Right. And then when they walk away they have nothing. So they're trying to get something out of it. And I don't feel like nothing is wrong with that either. But me, I'm coming in with something and I'm also gonna still be building on my own things. So, but if we joined then yeah, we gotta talk about that. Okay. Yeah. But I'm not just like, oh okay you gotta sign this. I gotta sign this. Your shit is yours. Mine is mine. What we do together, we gonna figure it out. That's us. Yeah.


How much does an en engagement ring need to cost? Because you got a lot of diamonds on cash. You got a lot of ice. This is a couple dollars. This ain't a, yeah. You talking about this little old thing? Yeah. What you, I don't know. 5, 10, 15, 5, 10, 15. What thousand carries? I don't know. I want something nice. I'm not gonna lie, I'm into jewelry. Okay. It's, I don't wanna come off as like I'm just materialistic but I can't just walk around. But just anything. You gotta be a quality of the woman that I am. Okay. And they need to look nice like a pear shape.


You like pear? Yeah, I like the pair. Hmm. I like Tiffany too. Oh, you like Tiffany? Yeah. Oh, Okay. Clarity. Oh yeah. If FVBS My heart D flawless. E flawless. Oh. Flawless. I like, I like a Flaw. You know you got E flawless. You got? Yeah now they got E now. Hey be careful. They got the lab grown So you can't tell 'em apart now. But yeah. But you can always go find out. You ain't supposed to chat cash. No, I'm checking. Don't play with me like that. Don't have me walking around like that. I talk too much.


Don't do me like that. Oh, I forgot something. Why you curb S at at this residency? Huh? Curb. You did? I enjoyed Cher. That's Ssha Raymond? Yeah. Okay. I was, he was a good time. Why you be trolling on social media? Why you jump on social media and be trolling? What I do? You know You too. You too big for this. What I do. You know what you did what I do. I don't even be doing nothing on social media. You know what let you tell it what I do? Trolling What I do. What is trolling? Talking Shit. Okay. Why you talking shit on social media? On, on Twitter?


Yes. They be talking shit to me Cash. It's okay. And I had to learn the hard way too. It's okay to like you let it, let it rock. I do be letting it rock. But I feel like once every three, four months you can go ahead and slide and make a little moment. It gotta be a good one though. 'cause the don't I be, I be getting them. I be winning. You do. I see. Yeah. That's the problem though. Detroit. Lemme ask you a question. Who's on your Mount Rushmore Detroit Rappers Cash Dog. You said rappers M Big Sean.


You got one more? I got two more. There's Mount, there's four people on Mount Rushmore. Us Four. Yeah, that's it. I had too many drinks. She got em. She got em. Big Sean herself. I think probably Royce. But no we gotta, no I'm not doing that 'cause it's too many of the good ones that's coming up. That's around my, there Been a lot of great presidents. They still ain't but four heads on my Rushmore. I ain't doing that. I'm taking it back because that's hard peasy hard payroll Giovanni.


Who else is hard? Ja help me stealing Baby V. Yep. Ray. Yes. Royce five nine. Danny Baby. I Said, I said Royce five nine as far as go. Okay Baby fa Ray 42. Dove eyes wear. Yeah, I said them like okay they too hard. Like I can't just do that 'cause they all like in their own rights. I watch them all come up from the ground up and make crazy names for themselves and just still be popping to this day. It's hard to be relevant this long. And they still relevant. Lemme ask you this Clarissa Shields, she's from Michigan and you walked out to the ring?


I did. She been going back and forth with Remy Ma. Oh shit. Oh shit. You Know that That happened. There you go. Why you pretend like you don you be, do What I mean Where you at? On, lemme ask you this. Let me, where you at on this? And this goes both for both. Both sexes. If you don't want somebody and they move on to get somebody, why you mad? You didn't want him? You don't want me. I feel That you don't want her. I know people that don't want people to be with nobody but they don't want 'em theyself. I know people that does that. I don't get It. You know people like that.


Yeah. Not me. Oh, okay. But I know, I know, I know. I know people that just don't like you. Mine. But I don't want you. I don't want you. I don't want you. But I don't want nobody else to have you else to have you. We ain't talking about nobody in specific right now. Now. No. Okay. No, because I don't want no smoke. No, I don't want no smoke either. It's free though. They want that. That's No Want, no smoke. Yeah. Wrap up. What do you want to accomplish in your career? What I wanna accomplish? Yeah. We look five years from now, 10 years from now and we have cash dog right back. What will Cash Dog be accomplished and where would she be In five years?


Five Years. In five years in my career. Not just my life. You would do it, you can do career, you can do life. However you wanna do it. This, this is your Story. Five years. I definitely, I wanna, my touring business, I need to be selling out arenas and stadiums. Okay. I want a A box office. I wanna be, I want a movie. The main, I wanna be the main character In the movie. In the movie. Okay. Fifth one at the box office. I like that. At least one Grammy. I ain't two, I'm not one of them. Grammy Trophy people that beat. You want to get one?


You want to, you want to, validation of the work that people Put in at least one. Just so I could just say, yeah, I did it. You did that. It ain't like I'm going crazy about it. Definitely a lot of number ones. I gotta get in a beauty business. Okay. Probably have a couple more kids. I was about to ask you, you want more kids If I'm married? Yeah. Like two more. Two More. That's four. You want four kids? That's a lot of kids for It. I love them kids. I know. I think I fell in love with my kids so much that I don't mind having a couple more, but I, if I don't, I'm fine with that too. Right.


But that's only if I'm married in my career. Just more things that don't require me to that You don't need to be the face of. Yeah. More passive income. Yep. Yep. That. As we wrap up, is there anything that you wanna promote? Is there anything out there that Cash do? Cash do wants to get out? I just want everybody to come see me on tour. Okay. Go get your tickets and go listen to the last doll right now. That's when I'm promoting. And go get some merch products. Go get it. Cash Doll. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much. Thank You for having me All my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle.


Paid the price. Want, slice. Got the roll of dice, the swat. All my life. I grinding all my life, all my life. Grinding all my life. Hustle.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info. Perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids. With district detailed and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent who knows the home best. It's home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.