0 (0s):
This is an iHeart podcast.

Degree (5s):
Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.

iHeartRadio Earth (33s):
Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care to save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most, and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.

Talkspace (1m 3s):
This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it, in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.

Made for this mountain (2m 3s):
The Made for this Mountain podcast exists to empower listeners to rise above their inner struggles and face the mountain in front of them. So during Mental Health Awareness month, tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing, and then climb that mountain. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the struggle. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

6 (2m 35s):
The volume

Boost Mobile (2m 39s):
Man y'all ever go get a new phone and be like, man, this is a good promo. And then a couple months later, surprise, your bill is totally different. But with Boost Mobile Man, it's $25 for everything. It ain't no price hikes. When I say $25 for everything, I mean $25 for everything. And it's forever, forever, ever, forever, ever. Boost Mobile is now legit, nationwide 5G Network. They've invested billions of dollars across the country. Listen, visit Boost Mobile dot com or here to your local Boost store today and tap in on limited talk text and data. $25 a month forever. They ain't switching up. That's $25 forever. Text talk data no matter what. Just $25 5G speeds not available in areas after 30 gigabytes, customers may experience slower speeds. Customers pay $25 a month as long as they remain active on Boost Mobile's unlimited plan. Tap in Boost Mobile dot com man, y'all better tap in $25, man, forever.

3 (3m 31s):
All right man. We back of the episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Same gang with me to my left. We got my dog. Bishop Behead out the prayer. He how you what nasty. What's happening bro? Shout out to Race Day. My boy dedicated to the crab boy. Yeah, lh. This felt like LA traffic bro. He late bro. Fuck all that. I ain't never late. I ain't, I've been late one time. Ain't ain't biting the bay today. I was late one time. What's his name? Ricky Smiley. What's nickname? He never had Rick on here. What's his nickname Rick for that weak ass nigga. Oh, Michael Black. Michael Black.

3 (4m 11s):
Hey listen man, it is always funny Major vision. Everybody cities, they be excited to be there. It'd be geek for the people who live in those cities as hell because 8,500 brings nothing but bullshit to traffic at Indianapolis. Yeah they do. But shout out to shout out to the race man. I'm sure everybody had a good time out there. It was another sold out event. So that's love for the city. Nah, for sure. I've been seeing everybody's stories too. That's been funny as hell. I ain't seen so many black people at the track ever in my life until the last couple years. Man. Nah, for real. They got all those events and concerts and shit going on. It's a lot of stuff for you to do and you can walk up and down 16 but many viewers don't know. But that's like a long street down by the race and shit.

3 (4m 52s):
Food vendors and everything. So Historic Street and it's crazy T 'cause Georgetown Road bro. People don't know That used to be all the way open in front of the truck. You could just drive or walk in front the, that shit don't, it is not even possible no more. Yeah, it's kind of crazy how things have turned here of late. Yeah, it's nasty work but still to my right, my dog Young Nacho, young Teague. How you what? Chilling bro. Just chilling. Just chilling everybody Okay man. Good a while we be the studio. It's been a hell of a day so far. I know. I can't believe this nigga is gonna tell me out the gate like he been on the road. Yeah, he was late bro. He, I'm, I'm fine. Niggas bro on the road got a pink slip be hitting your shit gonna be on your chair.

3 (5m 34s):
That shit on your chair next week. Right Mark? My boy moved him a little bit off. Yeah he got a double fine. That nigga didn't come at all. Pause, You know I fuck with Woo and I love a nigga so much. He answered the FaceTime. He said we yeah I'm eating barbecue nigga be at work to the Pacers. I was like what nigga you supposed to be here. Oh yeah you are. He said hey, I'm little away. Y'all want me to pull up, I'm in car but I can pull up niggas. I'm outta town but I could be here like 20 minutes. Hey that shit was so funny man. Shout out the smoke. The pink slip is funny. Yeah, I'm about to put 'em on y'all chair. Don't even worry about. That's crazy.

3 (6m 15s):
Ask y'all this question man. Shout out to the people who made the grand Finesse getting outta their prison. All nine of them. I think it's nine or 11 of 'em. Forgot the number I want to ask y'all because some of them done got caught then doing some wild shit first day out. If y'all escaped outta jail first day. What y'all on? What's the first play? Did the nigga get caught on the bench right? Yeah I think he was on drugs because there's no other reason that he was sick. He to get high on his first day out. Yeah, he wants get high. Yeah, I'm gonna probably go get me a prepaid phone because if I go to jail I'm gonna at least have some chicken, wood chicken. I'll get a prepaid phone man. Call my girl man and hook me a flight man. I'm not staying in my surrounding areas. You're booking a flight. I don't Think you getting on the flight. I'm getting on the flight bro. You know.

3 (6m 55s):
Do you have another id? Yes bro. Oh okay. Lemme tell y'all something bro. If y'all think these niggas just walk up and say y'all we leaving today? Yes. No they did. I've seen prisoner break. My nigga fell asleep was a bro. My nigga fell asleep on the bench. He had no plan. Listen I he's a loser bro. Y'all just said he's a John Drugs bro. I don't even know he need, he need 30 more years. You suck at tag bro. He suck. I'm gonna say hey listen of some of them people who got out. I believe that there was a couple who had legit plans. Everybody like shit we get out this bitch. I'm rolling, I'm leaving tonight. They like fuck it, we going with you man, fuck it we need you see they were stunned. They wrote the shit. Catch you later.

3 (7m 35s):
Catch me if you can. Fuck y'all. I wanna get a prepaid for home man. Tell my girl come get me man. Alright so be here first day out, You know. See you grabbing the Boost Mobile. You locked in. You calling shorty? Yes bro. I'm outta there not staying bro. You getting caught bro. You y'all gonna do catch me like three, four weeks later bro. Yeah I'm probably gone. I'm staying in the city. They was in New Orleans. Yeah. Shit, I'm gonna, I'm try to hit the border, try I get to Mexico. Damn. Damn I'm at least go around and play. I'm trying to get the straight to Mexico. I figure out the play when I get there. I don't out there. It don't matter. I know that. I know that freedom isn't here. That's what I know. I'm trying to get to Mexico.

3 (8m 16s):
I know if I don't leave I'm gonna be back with these niggas. I'm trying to get to Mexico. We dis I'm in the cities see And I be here out going straight to stream of university. No, literally, literally he experience of them was yeah he went live. He said that's what I'm saying. One of them went live like, like you said a long time ago. When has ever going live been beneficial for niggas? It's never been beneficial. We learned the hard way. Yeah bro. Niggas did you do shit like that where you need an extra 30 bro Extra 30 when we catch why we go live though. What up? I'm out Demon home pussy.

3 (8m 56s):
What was he thinking bro? Nah, I feel like they playing that shit Joe. I, I'm trying to get to Mexico as soon as I can. Mexico cold bro. And get low. That's tough. I don't give a fuck. I just wanna know what niggas charges were because if you went nigga who had a year left bro staying. They all had to have murders. Yeah bro. They all had to have murder. Yeah but they murders. Y'all know what's crazy? What one of the niggas had done it before? A year before? Oh he's called? Yeah I think he was the, he the ringleader leader. He like we see that's Michael Schofield nigga prison break bro. That's how I know what was a plan bro. You know we can get out this bitch. I did it one time. I right. I did this shit before y'all. It's up. Why they keep him in the same jail?

3 (9m 36s):
Like why is he in the same prison Well broke out this bitch. What time usually prisons feel like, nigga I got you. Ain't no way you get out this whole gig. I'm saying you probably need to transfer that nigga up to scope at this point. You definitely got you. I need to change the storm doors of that motherfucker. He needs to be free If you can break out of a prison twice nigga you deserve your freedom bro. They should put that in the laws bro. That that's why I stopped watching prison break because they was breaking out too much shit. But this might be true bro. They broke out of American prison a foreign prison bo. They went through all types of crazy shit bro. They went through the Dominican Republic, broke outta here. Honestly I fucking, I see that tells you right there bro. Nigga got plans bro. Nobody just walking up like all right y'all, we cutting out today. Niggas is in the yard bro. This is what we finna do.

3 (10m 16s):
Yeah, they ain't had no plans bro. Homie got arrested in the bait fit niggas came home and got clean. See what I'm saying? See what I'm saying? He was gonna get your paper id bro was bro you gotta go, you gotta make this. He supposed to go to Mexico, get a bus ticket, get a hair, something. He supposed to be in Mexico bro. Nigga got French shit he he tweaking. That's one thing's gonna do. We we gonna go out wrong baby. He probably, oh my god. Niggas probably really thought he was out like oh my nigga home nigga hit the block. Nigga probably got him a fit. Shit turned on the news but You know nigga you on the run.

3 (10m 57s):
Everybody we see to get free on Instagram bro, that niggas bring a fit in a bag of money bro. That's what niggas do bro. I swear he probably came home nigga I'm out. They probably, oh how the fuck did they get out of there? What you see that little wall, that little nigga. What the hell bro? This aint too easy. They were flexing them niggas but nigga do you see that little ass window they got out bro. That somebody hurt. Prison is not fun bro. Tell y'all don't got spare IDs at the crib bro. Niggas keep a spared. Nah you can't use that idea 'cause you are wanted. I'm say ain't I'm outta here bro. You are wanted, you gonna go to the airport. Last time the alert wasn't out as soon as they left, bro.

3 (11m 38s):
Bro. Shit you did. You see how they they left when they got out. Niggas was damn karaoke and outta that motherfucker bro. Nigga niggas was not urgent. They was tripping and shit. That's what I'm saying. The hit out bro. They walked smooth out bitch bro. They was party shit. Did you see the dude who helped him? One of the guards. Now he gotta go to jail. Ain't that a bitch nigga you was free now you doing bullshitting now you you want help, you want to help some niggas get out so you gotta go in. You dumb ass niggas was hitting his hand bro. Got prison guards bro. You know I'm not saying they don't make no good chicken bro, but they was probably hitting his head like shit. The side hustle that's like security at the club bro.

3 (12m 18s):
Yeah. Oh the nigga let's keep the line nigga. The nigga used slide that 24. They used to let you keep your hat on. Yeah, I'm so happy that that club culture changed. Why would you have to pay you extra to keep the hat on bro? Niggas that smoked, I remember niggas used to damn near fight for they hat. Nigga I know a nigga who wouldn't go in the club. They can't keep they hat on. That's too serious on me bro. I know a nigga bro. He really would go in if he could keep his hat on. Especially younger. Some of, some of our friends lost his shit for others. It was so bad that nigga only played basketball with a dude rag on. Oh shit. Who is, I can't say that. Who is, who is it bro? He, he was early in our life too bro. He was bald early but that nigga was not go to court. I seen that nigga. You know you got me thinking bro.

3 (12m 59s):
He like man you gotta take your hat off. Nigga said man I give you a hundred man. He was like nah we don't do no hats. A nigga was like offered nigga a hundred for the fit bro. You were post some talk to my nigga Booie love game Booie. That's my nigga. That nigga would not take his hat off bro. He win real guy. He ball down. He he cool though. So Booie was trying to hold on his shit bro. What? You know he used to have a 360 nigga that shit was gone. That nigga would not take that hat off bro. What's crazy We used to hoop with this nigga named Reese bro. He always had a durag on then one day, You know what I'm saying? We was leaving because we used to hope early mornings. Everybody leaving going show I get ready for work. Hey nigga took, I said nigga you Paul, why the fuck have you been having a durag on?

3 (13m 40s):
I've known you for two years and you have not had hair. Why do you have a durang? That's the last thing niggas wanna let go. Niggas will let they bitch go before they here. Oh God. What? Oh if you put a pole up, Hey for real bro. That's some real shit. Keep your hair, keep your bitch. Keep my hair. What's your get her? The crowd is always yours, never hers. Oh man it show for sure man. We about to have some fun today man. Let's get the drinks flowing man. Bar me. That's funny as fuck though man. Yeah bro. I couldn't believe. I think we should try to put a plan together bro. Boy, tell our plan like if we was all in jail for real, I think we would probably get caught fucking with Mike.

3 (14m 23s):
Well did you see Mike's motivational speeches on Instagram and research? See that? Y'all know it's really crazy.

DraftKings (14m 29s):
No, no, no y'all what's up bar? What we got today, listen, the NBA finals are almost here and every play could lead up to the moment that changes everything. This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and most importantly the action never lets up. And with the Draft King sports book and the official sports betting part of the NBA, you don't just watch the games, you live it. And here's the gift for all you new customers. Use that code Club five 20 and bet just $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. But you only get that 300 if your original bet hits. That's Code Club five 20 for all new customers. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your original bet wins only at DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.

Chime (15m 38s):
Yo what's going on? It's Club five 20 man we just here to talk about some real stuff and listen, everything is going up. Everything is more expensive, you name it. Water, eggs, milk. It's a lot of stuff going on. And the last thing you want is credit card debt. And listen, there is a better way for you man, especially to build your credit. All you gotta do is tap in with chimes credit builder card. It's a secure credit card. No credit check and a minimum deposit required. But listen, it'll get you start on your financial freedom. A it is really easy to start building credit with your everyday purchases. You can make regular on time payments. It is no annual fees, interest or credit checks. I mean Chime is the way to go. chime.com with a better credit score. It gives you an opportunity to take family vacations, unexpected bills that you can take care of. You know, just make life a lot easier for you. A good score makes a big difference. All these things can help you lower interest rates on your home and your car. A good score makes a big difference using your chime map. You have access to 50,000 fee free ATMs across the world to your everyday purchases and on time payments. It's the steps towards your financial goals. And Chime, secure credit builder, visa credit card. Get started today@chime.com. Chime feels like progress. The chime credit builder Visa credit card is issued by the Bank Corp Bank NA or Strive Bank. NA SpotMe eligibility requires an overdraft limit apply chime checking account required to apply out of network ATM withdrawal and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Time meet depends or submission of payment.

Degree (17m 3s):
So we all made mistakes, right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do but we all know degree. Cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen. They admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one mix anti-pain for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try to OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.

Bill Grace Taproot (17m 53s):
We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you they have the best car insurance rates we don't think we need to convince you. We are root and we do car insurance differently. We don't believe it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving like occupation or education because we know who you are on paper has nothing to do with who you are behind the wheel. And that means savings. It's easy to get started. Just download the route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route route insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app to date to see how much you could save. Terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for details

Made for this mountain (18m 53s):
Made for this Mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify The thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain because It's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is That. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

Everybody's Business (19m 56s):
A lot of times the big economic forces we hear about on the news show up in our lives in small ways. Three or four days a week I would buy two cups of banana pudding but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one. The demand curve in action. And that's just one of the things we'll be covering on everybody's business. From Bloomberg Business Week, I'm Max Chapkin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Every Friday we will be diving into the biggest stories in business, taking a look at what's going on, why it matters, and how it shows up in our everyday lives With guests like Business Week editor, Brad Stone, sports reporter, Randall Williams and consumer spending expert, Amanda Mull will take you inside the board rooms, the back rooms, even the signal chats that make our economy tick. Hey, I wanna learn about V chain and I wanna buy some blockchain or whatever it is that that they're doing. So listen to everybody's business on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.

3 (20m 56s):
I'm so ICBC. No, we gonna talk about you in a minute. What we got right here?

13 (21m 1s):
The Klu

3 (21m 1s):
Connection. The Clutch Connection. Okay, let you right dj. Listen at five 20 day. How you doing today Barbie? Long time don't

13 (21m 7s):
See I'm good. I know right?

3 (21m 8s):
Understand shit from five 20 days. Look how that nigga talking. Shit. I that day was very memorable. That drink. I'm okay.

13 (21m 20s):
Not too much.

3 (21m 21s):
We haven't seen you since. Bow. Look at dj. This motherfuckers strong.

13 (21m 32s):
Come on

3 (21m 33s):
Motherfucker. My eyes crossed. Throw me one of the Gatorades. Man. She serve the motherfucker. Nah, that's good. It's strong. Didn't serve the motherfucker. Print on this bitch.

13 (21m 43s):
Is it that strong

3 (21m 44s):
And put a potato on this boat.

13 (21m 46s):
Damn. I was freehanding. Now normally when I make those, I use my little jig here. I'm

3 (21m 49s):
Sorry. This a bitch. I free here

13 (21m 54s):
Up tonight.

3 (21m 57s):
Niggas escaping Hoop. Didn't say that nigga walked off smooth with my drink.

13 (22m 9s):
I thought I missed y'all. I don't. Damn. Yeah, shit

3 (22m 12s):
Bitch. Talking about I free headed. Don't be free.

13 (22m 15s):
You always get way more. You be just fine. Don't start

3 (22m 18s):
Fucking headache. No

13 (22m 20s):
It is not.

3 (22m 22s):
I need a ginger.

13 (22m 23s):
We got that.

3 (22m 24s):
Damn. Did you see, did you see freaky mike's inspirational IG post I did. That was resurfaced this weekend. Yeah, so glad did everybody repost it though. Don't be a sucker

13 (22m 38s):
Trump. Oh my

3 (22m 39s):
God. So listen though, what Jeff is not gonna tell y'all is that's really the reason I'm here. He told Paula that he liked the lighting in my videos. He is like, I want the podcast to look as good as your videos. That's a fucking lie. That's fact. That's a fact. I still have the text messages. Paula said, Jeff probably said that. Jeff said he wants, Jeff said he wants y'all podcast, the podcast to look like your videos. I was like, You know what, I got an inspirational video dropping tomorrow just for Jeff. What about the sound first of all, see no, the the sound is different. First of all showed me his videos. I was like, yeah, that shit wet set up. And I was like, oh okay.

13 (23m 17s):
He spun back around at the end like he ate. Yeah.

3 (23m 21s):
So that was when I, I actually made money before y'all stopped paying me. But it Luis, I got a clip for you bro. It needs to be a part of the reel. Oh, okay. Freaky Mike. It's a, it's a legendary. Y'all are gonna cry after this one. Oh you got some, you got some footage? Yeah. So Luis, I'm gonna lock in after we leave here bro. Don't be a sucker. I said man if you get this, no wait this 19 drug campaign lot like big, the helicopter. Don't be a sucker. Don't do drugs suckers. You gonna be a sucker. Lemme think. Lemme think I had a lot of them job. Turkey ass bike.

3 (24m 6s):
Alright. More day weekend bar. You whipping up. What you got? What you got going? No,

13 (24m 10s):
I'm gonna to somebody else house. I'm not cooking shit this

3 (24m 11s):
Weekend. See that's the problem with our generation every, don't nobody want to have a barbecue. Everybody wanna go to the barbecue.

13 (24m 16s):
I live in an apartment. Respect. We need to be outside doing a electric slide.

3 (24m 21s):
Damn. Well fuck all that bar. I seen you hugging up at the, at the five 20 day. Mm

13 (24m 27s):
The love of

3 (24m 29s):
I gotta get that money ma. Money man what? Saying

13 (24m 32s):
I had so much fucking fun. I was hugged up with a few people who see be hooked up with I

3 (24m 36s):
The YouTube comic upset. They said you chose a a Caucasian king. What? Why you chocolate like to address that? You was like that with a white dude? Yeah, they said Alex Caruso could never You

13 (24m 45s):
Said you. I found my chef Rogan. Oh

3 (24m 48s):
Okay. He came up to, he came up to me. He said Yeah I love Barbie. I came just for her. I said all right King

13 (24m 54s):
Mike, what you scrolling for? We don't need you to pull up no picture was a skinny white

3 (24m 57s):
Boy. Yeah. I said all right King. Oh yeah he about, I appreciate that King. Yeah, king Martin was king with TJ McConnell. I respect it. He did.

13 (25m 5s):
It

3 (25m 5s):
Was that was motherfucking

13 (25m 8s):
Malcolm and Middle.

3 (25m 9s):
What's the motherfucker from Boston and rap? Oh that's white chocolate from EBC. Oh I see that for the love.

13 (25m 17s):
Hey babe.

3 (25m 18s):
Oh okay. What nigga that rap from the white boy gotta look like that for Fa Mac Miller? Nah, nah. The rp the one that rap that be talking to Remy Ma. What's his name? Millsy. Oh yeah, from from Philly. I know who you talking about. I don't know where he from. He from Mills. So I got all the tests on my face. Yeah. Yep.

13 (25m 33s):
Five 20 day was so lit. I really enjoyed myself.

3 (25m 35s):
I did too. Five, that was, it was, it was very fun. Speaking of Remy Ma, that back and forth passed style. It's a lot to salute to both parties. Love. I Think you scripted bro. You think this is a rollout? I ain't trying to get a TV show bro.

13 (25m 46s):
I feel like it is too because this is like not, yeah, it's, it's too embarrassing for y'all to be for real, for real.

3 (25m 51s):
I don't, I don't like seeing Papoose in that light. Shout my homie. Why? He said a nigga gotta hate you to leave all his clothes and hats at your house. That nigga really gotta hate your guns. Nigga to start a new hat collection is crazy because You know his bro hats been since 2000. Yeah bro. He had those hats with academic outfits for and nines. The nines. Hey my, we got a lineup with the fitted on and he just rotated it. Yeah, right. Not bro, please Google it. Fu got a, he was rapping and got a lineup with a hat on.

13 (26m 23s):
He was sick of her shit. He left all his

3 (26m 25s):
Hat. So yeah this is fake. Yo. He doing shit like that. No this is old. This not now. No, I'm just saying. Oh this, this is content. Yeah I think they do. I think they trying to get a show, the Pap and Remy show and they got separate lives with the boxer chicken. Clarissa Shields don't need to be in this light either. Clarissa Shields a, when I wake up in the morning, this shit better Stop. Don't I'm a whoop. Everybody has, don't she got a movie? Yeah. Did ever drop? Yeah, it dropped early beginning of the year. If I'm correct. I've never seen like

13 (26m 52s):
A biopic.

3 (26m 53s):
I'm not too sure what it is. I ain't gonna lie. I wouldn't check it for her. Respectfully. I

13 (26m 57s):
See the tight with the shoes tied around them. Excuse me. She had on like some ballerina flats and she has some black tights and then she had it tied up around it.

3 (27m 5s):
Yeah. They never said she was a dresser. They just said she was a Hey, that's, that's different. She punches people in the face for a living. So I you like them aggressive motherfucker though. Different you go from Remy Ma to another boxer? Yeah,

13 (27m 15s):
He asked to get somebody that can see what

3 (27m 17s):
Go get the one of these soft said pap. You whooping niggas too though. Nah. Yeah, I'm just saying though bro. I heard he whooped. Yeah, her, her current man allegedly. Okay. Yeah, a allegedly. He whooped her. I mean whooped him. Yeah. Oh here we go right here bro. Look at the

13 (27m 31s):
Hat.

3 (27m 33s):
He got it rotated bro. That's black history right there bro. Hey man, take the nah content ain't that important man. S come on man. Please, please. He was a legend. Can't even look at was he's a legend. Hey, that's the fucked up part about it. This bro, I just had a crazy breakup. Now molesting a person bro. That's fucked up bro. Them text messages get released bro. It's a lot of people we grew up with bro. The text messages get released. It's like damn, I didn't know he was on there. You know what I mean? Oh yeah bro. I told you bro. When I first seen the Ray Allen tweet I said oh yeah, this is why he was my goat. Oh boy. Wild with it. Yeah, I mean everybody probably say something wild shit ain't text. Why everybody got shit today would not want the world to see 1000% bro.

3 (28m 16s):
You just get lucky when it's not your day in court. I wonder why people do that though. What like try to expose like the text message game. Can you explain that from a female standpoint Barbie, why they do

13 (28m 27s):
That? I'm not doing it at all. Okay, don't do that. I don't like people in my business at all. And I be saying some off the wall shit. So please you

3 (28m 33s):
Ever just say shit to people just to see like what they'll say back? Yep.

13 (28m 37s):
And I'm real, real, real, real, real fucking mean.

3 (28m 40s):
So what about if a nigga say that like damn or a girl would be like, yo, I just wanted to drag

13 (28m 44s):
You to

3 (28m 45s):
Hell, I want to do all this wild shit. But she really just like testing you or like vice versa. A nigga just testing a girl like man

13 (28m 52s):
Some freaky shit.

3 (28m 54s):
Even that or like a nigga just be like man I'm gonna give you a million dollars, blah blah blah blah. I'm gonna spend all this money on you, but you gotta do this. Yeah. Just to see what you would say. Try to go Dubai. Gotta suck it from the back.

13 (29m 8s):
I

3 (29m 10s):
It from the back. I'm you shit on you or

13 (29m 15s):
Something. Yeah, like no but you

3 (29m 17s):
But I'm saying you be and then you might respond like shit to me. I damn near might go but you might be joking. A nigga clip it up. Yeah, look at her. She was ready to go for two minutes to get shitted on Dubai. You like nigga that was a joke

13 (29m 27s):
But I thought you gotta know how cornea person is. Like that kind of person you would already be like, I'm not even about to entertain.

3 (29m 33s):
You ain't know though. Nowadays motherfuckers be,

13 (29m 34s):
It ain't too hard.

3 (29m 35s):
You can't really, you don't really know people nowadays. I agree bro. I think it is though. You've been on the level. You're dealing with somebody too though. I think the problem is a lot of people have communication with people but don't have conversations with people. Like that's true. When you talk to a motherfucker, you can't hide the bullshit. But if all we do is Instagram, text, all that shit. Oh yeah, you can finesse that all day. Yeah. When you talk to a motherfucker, you gonna find the bullshit. You gotta be careful no text bro. He ain't nigga boss Smith, Delo man. Oh my boy going through it man. What he doing for real? There he go.

13 (30m 3s):
That shit's embarrassing. I'm like, oh my God, what he doing? It's a little gimme me something.

3 (30m 8s):
Some allegations on my boy man. Right. But

13 (30m 9s):
I'm saying but it's not even like a transgender, it's a boy.

3 (30m 12s):
Yeah, but I'm saying he's a two way player.

13 (30m 14s):
He was writing a boy with a fat ass and some eyebrows, but it was a boy with a bootsy gun

3 (30m 19s):
And that ain't real man. It's ai.

13 (30m 21s):
That's what I'm saying. Anybody ever expose me, it's ai. I don't give a fuck.

3 (30m 25s):
Aint that's gonna work.

13 (30m 27s):
Ain't gonna have to.

3 (30m 28s):
Shit. You and AI gonna be moving you out this house. Come on. Come on Boss. I ain't gonna put that on you man. I don't know. Yeah, text message getting exposed. You don't know how stuff get crack. Yeah man, it's, it's wicked out here. I mean like, like what you like, but you gotta be careful now if you, and this ain't about Boss Medi. I'm just saying now if you fucking with the Transformers bro, get off the text bro. Call them bro. That's

13 (30m 50s):
What,

3 (30m 52s):
That's

13 (30m 52s):
What you though.

3 (30m 54s):
Yeah. If you in that light high position bro. 'cause a lot of these rapping niggas like they, they love the Transformers bro. So am I supposed to say Transformers love you? I love, sorry. Yeah, I'm just saying shout to Optimist Pro. Yeah, just get on the, get on the speaker

13 (31m 10s):
And like getting recorded. Like why are you getting recorded? If You know that you somebody

3 (31m 14s):
Why, but why you doing that though? If that's like, that's his thing. Why you trying to be the guy to put him on

13 (31m 20s):
Black? It's corny but that's the, the day that we live in

3 (31m 24s):
Be Famous. Probably was more like

13 (31m 26s):
He got mad at him about some shit. I forgot what they said.

3 (31m 28s):
He got mad. Yeah, he got mad at it was like the, I know if that video shooting out, the Bobby V of running down the hallway there was like ran out the bill allegedly. But y ever seen Bobby B did run out on the bill though. Y'all ever seen the de the the Deacon? Yeah. Well he was, he was getting the shit. He beats me every week and he, he was like take off this thing. Oh yeah, that nigga was a fucking de, he was a pastor. Oh he was? He was the lord. He was a shepherd. But there's he was the shepherd. He was the shepherd. Tommy Shepherd. Yo. That shit was funny. Yeah. And there's another one like you buy 200. You know I'm good boy

13 (32m 3s):
For

3 (32m 9s):
Nigga. But You know that's, that's the guy, that's the guy nigga. The two dudes in the hallway when they called him. He had his arm around. Dude. The dudes said I'm recording y'all. He started beating the nigga up. Right bro. That's why that's was just game. That's why people got dude, what Lamar hold him did. What'd he do when, wherever that place was And died.

13 (32m 30s):
And

3 (32m 31s):
Died. Buddy Ranch? Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. My boy went to the hostel. Yeah, you go wherever do whatever you wanna do man. You ain't gotta worry about nothing. Just all the bro, you gotta sign NDAs and shit. I just, I would sign anything in there. Just saying, just saying your phone. He just, the pastor should just went there. I just cool bro.

13 (32m 50s):
Just too much

3 (32m 54s):
Speedway again. One of hotel six. No facts. I'm gonna love who you love bro. Nigga pocket they pull up to see that brand new Cadillac outside. I know that he the only nigga with the black. That's why white car pink because she worked with Tiffany.

13 (33m 17s):
Oh my God. Oh Mary Kay. Mary Kay.

3 (33m 23s):
You know it's funny, my mom did Mary Kay with her friends. I said, did y'all know y'all was a part of Pyramid Ky? Only one person got that grand. Damn.

13 (33m 30s):
It was a real cold. It was a grand dam.

3 (33m 32s):
Oh the The tire. It was a Cadillac. You had it Denver, Cadillac, whoop to get that Cadillac. Thanks. If it was a regular nigga truck coming up, it was for a pink grand. A pink grandm in 99 was not that expensive. But nigga a pink car alone is ass like, what are we doing? I woke

13 (33m 48s):
Having a car. I had a Cavalier, that's my first

3 (33m 52s):
Car. Reserve judgment.

13 (33m 55s):
I wrecked it. I wrecked it in literally like a week trying to hook up the ox thing and Yep. Right there

3 (34m 0s):
Were those four door cars.

13 (34m 2s):
I had a four, a pink, a pink two-door. Cavalier is out of pocket.

3 (34m 4s):
I'm just saying that's, I didn't know that they were four. No disrespect to Cavalier community. That's the smallest four door. I didn't know that was a sedan.

13 (34m 12s):
I had one. I loved it. I thought was

3 (34m 14s):
So cute. Cavalier, aro, Taurus. Iro. I had Green was fired though. When we was in high school,

13 (34m 20s):
Lou had real, those cars were so ugly. Silver.

3 (34m 22s):
Silver, allero. They were so ugly. Niggas had definitely four Tauruses for sure. Four TAUs would've prayed for one of those. Yeah, a Taurus was lit. I felt like a, I hate talking about my car. Grandma Marquis. Grandma Marquis. My mom and dad gave me so much motivation to do something with my life 'cause of that damn car. Another dark story Bro. I had a 88 kid bro. It's cool. Said old school though. W had a old school. Trey had a old school. What kind of old school are we talking? I think they had like Crown vs. Ah yeah, them cool. Delta to 88 them Cool. Yeah. My name, my has some cars. I had an 88 Caprice. My shit was far though. See I didn't have mines was a 88 Camry. That ain't fire. Yeah, you had OG Camry.

3 (35m 4s):
Especially when you going that back since she was born. Yeah. That's the year I was born. Yeah. The would be crazy.

13 (35m 10s):
Are you pulling that up? Because I don't know what it looks like at

3 (35m 12s):
You get an old school. Old school. Yeah. Mines was silver with a dent in the back door. That's what it was. But your gas miles was probably legit. All I needed was 15. I was good for the Yeah, that's when gas was $4 gallon to you were great. Yeah, but I drove damn imagine. Hold on. This is, this is, this is a, this was when I was 16, 17. So imagine you picking your date up and hitting her on the hood of that.

14 (35m 40s):
That shot gotta be crazy.

3 (35m 42s):
She gotta be crazy for getting smacked on the hood. That motherfucker face down shot

14 (35m 49s):
That

3 (35m 49s):
Bitch cool down,

14 (35m 52s):
Knew

3 (35m 55s):
Down her, her boy Queen

14 (35m 57s):
Fuck

3 (35m 58s):
Got hit the backseat order car was too little. We to

14 (36m 3s):
Get out. 6 2 13. Dude, where's my that literally

3 (36m 9s):
That literally. Oh that ain. I Youve kept it. That is crazy man. Talking about the whip. Sorry I wasn't

14 (36m 16s):
Like this. You

3 (36m 17s):
Cracking bitches into that nigga. You deserve to have 10 kids. Nigga

14 (36m 22s):
Stand now. I oh man, nigga you a fucking demon. I love my

3 (36m 42s):
Nigga man. He a demon man. Oh man. Oh, stay

14 (36m 45s):
True to yourself. Hood.

3 (36m 52s):
Take away muff. My muffler was hanging. Oh, I got hit back and I heard driveway.

14 (36m 59s):
The same girl.

3 (37m 0s):
No, no, no,

14 (37m 1s):
No, no

3 (37m 4s):
Disrespect.

14 (37m 9s):
I'm sorry. I heard you wrong. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.

3 (37m 13s):
I'm saying I was back at her driveway.

14 (37m 17s):
My car got hit

3 (37m 18s):
So when it hit, the bumper started dragging, but I didn't have no money to get it fixed, so I just rolled. You

14 (37m 23s):
Supposed to use, excuse me.

3 (37m 27s):
So use a hanger

14 (37m 29s):
Mark,

3 (37m 29s):
You not here fixing your cars.

14 (37m 31s):
No, I had a good father and a good granddad. But

3 (37m 35s):
The, and the muff muffler was hanging in probably when my car gave out, the muffler just fell off and Mookie was in the back seat and he told me, nigga, I think so out this car. And I was like, they probably was the bumper. And then it started smoking. It was the muffle

14 (37m 48s):
And y'all and

3 (37m 49s):
That was the end of that. Hey man, whoever has an 88 Camry, please sell it to us. We have to have it 5 25. My bring

14 (38m 7s):
This. I love y'all niggas.

3 (38m 11s):
Hey, You know what's crazy about that car though? I was picking people up,

14 (38m 15s):
Like

3 (38m 16s):
Niggas was coming. I'm honking the horn. Hey come outside nigga we five deep in that bitch. But you said you

14 (38m 21s):
Was 16. It was like whoever had a car, it didn't even fucking matter. Let's ride.

3 (38m 23s):
Nah, my niggas had a nice car. I don't know why they always wanted to ride with me. My parents didn't really care too much about nothing. I did.

14 (38m 29s):
The rule of thumb is whoever has the nicest car, that's who's

3 (38m 32s):
Driving it, my nigga. No, no, no. That's never it. Nigga Lou had a aro. He had a nice car but he, he he, he was never be found. He was with his girl. Want to get it here Times

14 (38m 42s):
You

3 (38m 43s):
Come on. Come on this. Come on the screen. Come on. Freak Show hat. Yeah. Shout to the game. Now I ask that question you guys. Why the nigga laugh at my car though? Oh, it's deeper. The rack, the story is deep

14 (39m 1s):
White Society of your story. Time with tears. Strikes again.

3 (39m 9s):
I don't give a fuck. Listen. Oh man. Hey, it was an accident. How did y'all decide who drove? Oh we just saw I had the biggest car. So shit, You know Right. Red Grand Caravan,

14 (39m 22s):
Bad

3 (39m 22s):
Pay, good sauce. Tyrone, Trey, wag, Adam, shout to homies. Man. That's all the people that was in it. Yep.

14 (39m 30s):
Damn.

3 (39m 31s):
So my people

14 (39m 32s):
Sitting on the floor,

3 (39m 33s):
Who was who drove only Lou? Me and Lou drove. Hugh had a, he drove his uncle car sometimes Phil didn't have his license too. He was like 25. Damn. Damn. That's true though. Yeah. All my niggas had cars though. I just had the van who was going somewhere. So we had to pick up Phil every time. Like, Phil, you fucking with us. Come get me. Where you at? Come get me. That's all ever said. Come get me. Phil would've had to fill up the tank. Oh he did. His mama would every morning his mom give you 25. Shout to my nigga Lou. I love the nigga to death. So when I wrecked my car, my senior year ain't had no car. So Louis used take all us to school. He'd pick Philip his mama. Give us 25 for the week. Philip mama would get Lou. Yeah, I tell you what Lou would do, that nigga Lou would put $2 in his tank, buy a cheap, like buy a Bur whatever them sandwiches out of Village Pantry.

3 (40m 18s):
Oh, more sandwich. Oh, put $2 in his tank. Take us to school. Wow nigga we be on eat the rest of the week. We be like, Lou man, she gave you 20 bro. You like nigga Jeff, where your money at? Man Give nigga. Hey motherfucker, how much was the sandwich? I know, but seven. I dunno. That nigga would do that shit every time. Well I'm scared of it. You know. You know what I do? I go there right with him. You want sandwich? I'm get one too. Okay, there go. That shit goes my pocket.

14 (40m 48s):
Take your finger. You

3 (40m 50s):
Know, what's that about? That there was no way y'all was excited about the sandwich. The Burger King was the next block open nigga King's nigga said everything but we door and that ASCO drugs was open. Louis put $2 in his tank every day, nigga, at least

14 (41m 4s):
They would've got him somewhere.

Vice TV (41m 7s):
Blending vice's. Signature Dynamic Storytelling with the high octane world of sports. Vice Sports brings an exciting and diverse range of programming that goes beyond the game. Catch action packed live events and exclusive sports documentaries and profiles only on Vice tv.

Degree (41m 25s):
Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself. So we all made mistakes, right? But on it up to them, it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti persin for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and tried a OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.

St. Jude (42m 44s):
We went from normal life healthy child to a acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a B cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad and I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids by childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner and hope today by visiting music gives.org.

Made for this mountain (43m 45s):
Made for this mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify The thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle. This is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast. Focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain because It's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

Everybody's Business (44m 47s):
A lot of times the big economic forces we hear about on the news show up in our lives in small ways. Three or four days a week, I would buy two cups of banana pudding, but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one. The demand curve in action. And that's just one of the things we'll be covering on everybody's business. From Bloomberg Business Week, I'm Max Chakin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Every Friday we will be diving into the biggest stories in business, taking a look at what's going on, why it matters, and how it shows up in our everyday lives With guests like Business Week editor, Brad Stone, sports reporter, Randall Williams and consumer spending expert, Amanda Mull will take you inside the board rooms, the back rooms, even the signal chats that make our economy tick. Hey, I wanna learn about VI chain and I wanna buy some blockchain or whatever it is that that they're doing. So listen to everybody's business on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.

3 (45m 47s):
$2 is crazy. Lu need his ass on. On me bro as 98. Well Lucy does. He gonna laugh because he dope. We, I just need to get there nigga. Put a 20 in there. My mama gave you 20 bro. Say 98 1 like a dollar. I say damn

10 (46m 4s):
Y'all owe

3 (46m 5s):
Damn high school. Crazy. Gas was like $2 though back then for real. Two, three. But gas jumped though. Oh eight is when shit got cracking. Yeah, I was gone. Yeah, I had a Capric then. Gas was nasty. Nasty. I nasty. Remember when my dad then was mad when Dollar, when Gaz became like a dollar 50. Damn. My dad was like, man, hell no man. That's crazy. We ain't about to be driving. I'm like damn one 50. Damn nigga. If I would cry if I seen gas for one 50 right now what? I'm pulling over now, I don't care what I got my take. Nah. Yeah it is Indy car. I mean Indy 500 traffic for that. What you look at the old days, niggas used to get apartments for 600 a month. Oh yeah. The cost of living is bro.

3 (46m 46s):
It's crazy bro. Yo see Warren Buffet house man, he live in the same house. He done had since like the eighties bro. He bought that shit for like 70 K. Damn. Shit. You seen that shit? Yeah. Different worked 500 Now say it's a regular, regular house. Yeah. He tricked it out. Nah, it's just, he got the same house since like 1970. And that's the crazy part. When you have assets at any point you can get them and hold onto them for a very long time period, bro. Like having a crib, buying a crib for 70 k cash. That's how much houses was back then though, bro. That's crazy. My first rental property was 60 5K cash.

3 (47m 26s):
Don't look like that. I bet you how much that property now. How much I sell for now? Like two 40. That's a hell of a flip. One of my, one of my good friends, they rent it so I wanna get em out. I I too much man ain't can't wait till a fraction. How old are

13 (47m 53s):
You? 31.

3 (47m 54s):
Oh okay. You ain't that far from us. I about say you talking to us like we just some old heads. For real.

13 (47m 59s):
Y'all. Y'all up there ain't too far.

3 (48m 1s):
Yeah, but hold on now I'm about be 37. Oh are you?

13 (48m 3s):
40 is just

3 (48m 5s):
So what year you graduate?

13 (48m 6s):
2012.

3 (48m 7s):
2012 things. I was doing 2012. That was a good year. 2012 was a good year for me. That's when that, that was my first tea birthday party. Nope. 2010 was But the first time I threw it was

13 (48m 21s):
I was in there.

3 (48m 25s):
Id some playing, put them lies on me.

13 (48m 29s):
I'm just playing. A few years

3 (48m 30s):
Later we, everybody,

13 (48m 32s):
I had

3 (48m 32s):
A card. If you wasn't 25 you couldn't even get in my party. What was 2012 was essential. Oh yeah, that was the, yeah, I fuck it was there. Yeah, I was really there. That was 12. That was a white Remy night. Yeah, that was, that was that night bro. Me and DJ had some vogue after the Vogue.

13 (48m 50s):
I used my mom id, I was in there.

3 (48m 52s):
Knight shout to the Vogue. Yeah. 2012 me location. That was after I cracking holes off the Cobell because 2012 was after I played D Rose because it was 20 Was it? Yeah, that was 2012 is the first year I started. Yeah. Oh yeah. It was definitely after the lockout. Freaky Mike was still in high school, wasn't you? My graduat 11. Oh. Year before

13 (49m 12s):
I literally used to use my mama's

3 (49m 13s):
Id. Damn. You

13 (49m 15s):
Used to use who? My mom's id. I was in there. I really was in that party for real.

3 (49m 18s):
So I did he in the shitty in now?

13 (49m 20s):
No, You know nothing

3 (49m 22s):
Out pocket. You know what was out of pocket though, how we used to have the dress to go to the club all day. I seen a, what was them weak ass shoes. Them brown shoes that had the stripes on the side. Thees like the Adidas stripes on the side but they wasn't Adidas. Steve Maddens had some shit like that. Yeah. Steve Maddens and I seen a post on Instagram today was like all you niggas was wearing these. And when I seen them, Steve Madden's creative Ricks the Spears niggas even had Oh creatives. Oh, PA Flyers. Niggas wearing PA flyers weed. By the time we was grown though, you was already, you was cool. Ah yeah. You was straight by then. I I, I never wore had to dress like Kurt Franklin. The niggas was wearing fedoras in the club. What ties Blazer? Once I figured out like if you play in the ba, if you play in the NBA you don't got none of these rules apply.

3 (50m 8s):
I never wore nothing. Yeah. I was like I could wear sweatpants. Sweatpants. I think the only way you gotta really play into rules is like Dre's in Vegas wear, they don't give a fuck. You know who you're, they didn't have Gandhi party in that motherfucker. So that's the only one you gotta put some respect on. Yeah. That's the only place everybody else. I was like, oh, if you got enough money, oh you ain't got worth nothing. Vegas is, where did he buy them Lululemon pants from? Vegas. Vegas. Mike wore some Lululemon. Real Lululemon. I was forced, what's the song called? They be singing Lululemon. That's all I was. You forced. Hey You know what's nasty? I was in fashion ball this weekend get I see y'all disgusted man.

3 (50m 49s):
No, they couldn't get in the club without me. And the lady said the dude, I don't what it was respect we didn't need in the club. Yeah, but they couldn't get in the club without me. He's just the nigga we sent into the door. Why was Lulu Lemon more appropriate than what you had on? It was like two o'clock in the morning. Yeah. And nothing was open. And I don't pack pants because I only wear sweatpants. So the fact that that song is so big and I know one of the OGs who put a pretty pants, it's crazy. He's originator, it was funny. He told the lady, he's like, Hey, so if you get out the way and let me, if I try off to get to the door, is it cool? She, I'm gonna tell him. He said, so you a snitch. Hey. She was like, it's not me. She was like, it's not me that's gonna stop you. It's them. I was like, well just lemme travel, lemme talk to him. She's like, I'm gonna as hell the fuck.

3 (51m 28s):
Thank God for the dress code though. I ain't gonna lie. They used to matter though. Used to keep niggas out. Especially here. Yeah, but niggas was, it was so filthy like shout out to my nigga mix man. We went out one night after my rookie year 2009, Lou birthday, December, 2009. He went out and my nigga had on Levi's with some hard bottoms and a collar shirt tucked in. And I knew that we was in fucking trouble. I said this ain't the look was a brown. I said I don't know what shoes but that, that ain't the look, the tuck part has me alarm whatever we go for. You got on some hard boy hard boy Levi jeans.

3 (52m 11s):
They cuffed, cuffed with some hard bottoms on. That's crazy. You know that Cuff did not do nothing for that shoes so flat. That's how out of pocket we was because Cloud line had you fucked up. Nah, for sure. And shout out to Big Mark and them and they was running at that time. Yep. Big Mark Derrick and them. Shout to the OGs at us in there. Look dressing jeans down this crack. 'cause I hate niggas that wear suit jackets with jeans. Those are the worst type of niggas in the world. Man. That was a look bro. Bro. I cannot stand a nigga in a suit jacket and some jeans bro. Why? You know it's nasty too. The people didn't know the difference between like a smoke jacket or or a blazer and then a suit jacket. They wearing a suit jacket and did 'em like that's nasty. Yeah, why don't you put them jeans on bro.

3 (52m 51s):
It's a blazer, whatever you call it bro. You damned her lame bro. Yeah, it's nasty. I've done that look before it's, but it's a huge difference. Niggas wearing suits that had tops and bottles with you go the funeral. I, nah, I wore you, you remember you had to wear suits on the bench when you was injured you had a jacket with some jeans on? I had a jacket, I had a hoodie. It was actually kind fresh. I had a hoodie under over my, under my Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. I had a suit jacket on with my hoodie under I some jink. Yeah. Usually niggas have on dress shirts under this shit. Yeah I was, I was swaging it out, wore a hoodie. This is what really happened. I wore the hoodie and the jeans ass regular clothes.

3 (53m 31s):
I had some sneakers or whatever but they like, oh you gotta sit on the bench, you need a dress coat. And I always kept assuming my locker, I just threw that bitch on sit on the bench and somebody was like, you thought you made a statement with that? And then next thing You know, I seen niggas doing it like I'm like damn niggas really wearing hoodies under they suits. Nah I could, I could see that. I dunno how swag it was but I could see it. Yeah, that's crazy. I wonder how many people would be like, damn, let me fake suit up tonight just so I can wear the sweatpants. I gonna wear this ass outfit on the bench. Swear to God. You know how man you, me and PJ was talking yesterday and shout out to my nigga Tuck. He was talking about like how much he love to play. He was just like, man I work out every day like I'm about to play 40 minutes.

3 (54m 16s):
And I'm like nigga you ain't getting in. And he like, I know I ain't getting in but I gotta be ready. I was like boy that's why you so professional. I'm gonna say lemme tell you what I did in Milwaukee because he was like trying to, he was trying to throw jabs but he didn't, he don't know that nigga. I roast your ass too. He like, I know how you felt in Milwaukee now that's the first jab my nigga, I'm gonna let that one breathe. I was like, and he was like, 'cause man this shit ain't, this shit ain't easy man. So now he coming back down to earth and he was like, like you never got in. I said alright now we activated. I was like motherfucker you still warming up and shit nigga you mother plug, I did take themSo out the fucking shoes and chill.

3 (54m 60s):
He was like, you crazy as hell. How do we put my insult shoes in? I said For what? Yeah bro. I said boy you'll keep your regular insults in there. He be warming out there jabbing and shit. He put this towel tucked in his motherfucking collar. I said every night she exposed his PJ pregame shit bro he me and you got the same minutes boy shout like fuck you. If we see you in this series, I know something going good for us. Respectfully. But he actually, this is not 'cause he is my friend but he actually probably, this is probably like a series for him. Why he said that because they switching one through five. He wanted them niggas that always guard bigger guys. You know what I mean? He always did a good job on guards. I mean he older now.

3 (55m 40s):
I don't know how he gonna guard Tyree now. I don't know. Yeah but he always did a good job of keeping bigger guys off the glass. Yeah. So they switching one through five. It probably make a little sense but hell fuck it. He ain't getting it. DJ like please put P of Tuck. He my nigga. But boy if I see you on the court I know that we are up 30. I know that we are just waiting to go to the next game. Well that's how they feel. Tuck we put him and James Johnson in. Talk to you soon. Shout to Tuck. Get well soon. I wanted to see how you felt about this. You see the the twins men that saw the qualifying play for the Jamaican national team. Okay. I was like that's crazy. Niggas don't play for us team. I mean shout to your nationality that's fire. But if y'all could pick another country to play for it, what would it be?

3 (56m 22s):
Yes. Jamaica. Cool Runnings. Hey we seen EJ play for The Bahamas. We ninth the Hoover

14 (56m 35s):
Running

3 (56m 36s):
And not the Hoover, California. This is the night neighborhood

14 (56m 40s):
We

3 (56m 40s):
Got up man

14 (56m 45s):
Germany

3 (56m 45s):
Ain't that, where did Schroder place for? Yeah he do. Yeah I'm rocking with the German. I dunno if you good luck. I did my ancestry. You, you cool Barbie you I can't at this point I could

13 (56m 59s):
Talk sports.

3 (57m 0s):
I I did my ancestors yo team 50, I'm 50, I'm 57% Nigerian. Oh okay. Ah that makes sense. I go tap in with my heritage and my, my, my lineage. I go tap in with my guys Joshua Kogi and all them. What you mean it makes sense? That's see Joshua Kogi is is bookie

14 (57m 24s):
What Jay open

3 (57m 26s):
Is that the real jay? That nigga Josh Cogi boy we love you boy. But it is time. Time to go that

14 (57m 36s):
Motherfucker

3 (57m 37s):
Karma roundabout. It's

14 (57m 38s):
Crazy. He got,

3 (57m 41s):
You said he got a cul-de-sac.

14 (57m 43s):
Not the money he

3 (57m 45s):
Got that motherfucker borrow your car. I ain't him do

14 (57m 51s):
That.

3 (57m 52s):
Rocking the bro.

14 (57m 57s):
The the So

3 (58m 1s):
Mike why you zoom nigga Josh? We just talking about niggas that can't let their hair go. Ain. You get money nigga you can get bald nigga. No he got a dude go to Turkey. Get the Turkey, get the Turkey. Oh yeah. Get the Turkey J my boy man Turkey, keep in for your shit to be like that. You got a pro too. Like you said boy you gotta go Kobe. You gotta, you. I didn't pay no attention to Jalen Bruss until you said something and I was like ah yeah my boy by the way, JG got the, the window missing. Go Kobe bar. How you feel about that? You know what I'm saying? You know getting older gentleman Mike, You know what I'm saying? Hairline might be going but they get the braids. Is that, is that okay? Just

13 (58m 38s):
Go bald. Yeah some man look nice bald.

3 (58m 41s):
I got a little knot in the back of my shit so I'm gonna hold on a little longer but after that

14 (58m 46s):
You gonna go

3 (58m 46s):
Bald. I'm gonna go Kobe and my shit just gonna be low. My shit gonna be like Kenny Smith. I'm get a line like Dr. Shit not that far back though. Hold on, hold on my shit. I like Derrick you can still lie. You can still lie yourself. Yeah I just wear hot hats 'cause I want to my daddy just make fun of us.

13 (59m 4s):
Is it your family that you gonna go nigga

14 (59m 8s):
Number two, my daddy

3 (59m 10s):
Nigga he was bald at 31 so I got a little time. Mr. T had a stressful life man. Y'all took his hair away from him. You and nigga would've received hairline.

13 (59m 19s):
No my daddy has his hair.

3 (59m 20s):
Damn.

13 (59m 25s):
She got receded hairline yet. Nice wave. He's starting to gray but he

3 (59m 29s):
Fight. That's that nigga quit. Girls be killing me. I'm about my daddy. He just going through all these pictures. Would you daddy a nigga like your daddy. Oh

13 (59m 39s):
My daddy is a whore so no, but he's a great man. I

3 (59m 42s):
Gotta ask the real question. I

13 (59m 45s):
Broadcast he, he's a good man Savannah, he's a really good man. He takes care of home and all that but he ain't nothing.

3 (59m 53s):
You can't follow up like that.

13 (59m 55s):
That's what I,

3 (59m 56s):
The game say he takes care of home and it just fade the black.

13 (59m 58s):
It's okay. I love you daddy. He know I love him.

3 (1h 0m 1s):
Oh my god. You know what's crazy? It's almost follows day. We ain't see one damn ad. Nobody cares about nobody being a dad.

13 (1h 0m 8s):
This they do. I play

3 (1h 0m 9s):
About father. They don't. Jeff is right. Oh they really don't. You don't never see the ad. Mike click on somebody else. Who the fuck are you doing? I'm not gonna tell you I make searching. Right. But it's disrespectful. It's so different. Get off Josh gonna his next voice over over picture. Hey your barber sucks. You suck. Your barbers suck sitting. You know y'all drink bad when you like I forgot you was here. What's

13 (1h 0m 41s):
Mad about it

3 (1h 0m 41s):
When like niggas can't really like drink it, nobody finish and this some different ice. This motherfucker today, usually I'm to hold ice numbers today. Slush vibe 30 minutes in.

13 (1h 0m 56s):
I didn't have have the shoes

3 (1h 0m 58s):
And I watched final destination so I don't really fuck with ice right now. Oh

13 (1h 1m 2s):
My goodness. Oh

3 (1h 1m 4s):
The glass in there? Huh? Movie review on oh you alright? We get to it. What's wrong?

13 (1h 1m 9s):
What the drink? You said it was strongest, nasty? Nah,

3 (1h 1m 11s):
It's just strong. I I that bitch cold is

13 (1h 1m 14s):
I didn't have the cube so I just,

3 (1h 1m 16s):
I'm happy. I ain't gonna lie to you.

13 (1h 1m 18s):
You don't like it?

3 (1h 1m 19s):
It one of the nastier drinks. You know

13 (1h 1m 21s):
It's one of the nastiest ones. I've done nastier. You say that every episode though so I

3 (1h 1m 26s):
No. You had one that was old. No hell that's the one. That's the number one. Yeah that's number one. This a close thing. I shoulda have

13 (1h 1m 33s):
Been left out. Damn. What

3 (1h 1m 35s):
It a clo? Huh? I like to smoke. Don't smoke. Text me if you guys wanna go go to the smoke bars, cigarettes, cigars, cigarettes. Wanna go smoke cigarettes. It's crazy.

13 (1h 1m 52s):
Y'all some leave. Michael

3 (1h 1m 54s):
If you link up PJ go smoke a cigarette. Tell him I got the bar from him like man cigarette. Yeah. What's it called? Cigarette Roy Black bottle.

13 (1h 2m 8s):
And that drink you're supposed to sip. It is the incorrect ice in there. Should start. You're

3 (1h 2m 13s):
Supposed to sip. Lord you can't on Lord you can't slip this. I mean you can't do nothing but sip. It's nasty. Fuck

13 (1h 2m 20s):
Yeah be here.

3 (1h 2m 22s):
It ain't nasty. Every we gonna do Barbie drinks power but this motherfucker it needs a little puree, a little honey or something. It has in it. It got honey it got so that ain't

13 (1h 2m 36s):
Supposed

3 (1h 2m 37s):
Fashioned. You gonna be mother a booster. Lemme stop boy. People stop buying your drinks. She actually do make good start shit. That ain't good girl. Shit. The family fuck it. If it's nasty, it's nasty. You supposed to tell me. Everybody taste Bud different Tell right now. You know what, she started adding honey packs to her. What's that strawberry when you had

14 (1h 2m 55s):
Made

3 (1h 2m 57s):
It was like a berry one, one time we all was like yeah this the one I felt with the drink you made for R four nine. I like that one. Hey that was good. Yeah that was solid. That was solid. I like that one up. I don't even you you do a good job. You do a good job. I ain't gonna lie you Yeah some your shit shit though. Some of your shit be harsh but this

13 (1h 3m 15s):
Is nasty.

3 (1h 3m 15s):
Yeah this, this is cool but you came this my nigga, I ain't gonna hold you. I freestyle this one.

13 (1h 3m 22s):
No I didn't freestyle. I freehanded. That means I just poured it without measuring.

3 (1h 3m 25s):
Okay, that's freestyle. Yeah that's the problem. Your matter wrap drink. Oh my

13 (1h 3m 30s):
God.

14 (1h 3m 31s):
Another

3 (1h 3m 32s):
Cut, cut another cut. It looked like the seatbelt.

14 (1h 3m 37s):
Fuck him up.

3 (1h 3m 38s):
Shout out to my nigga drink

14 (1h 3m 43s):
You

3 (1h 3m 43s):
Ain't shit. He used to send me battle rap bars all the time. What happened to that? But that's what he was my nigga man. Now he sent me fucking handsy Bootylicious Bootylicious in the twerk something.

14 (1h 3m 57s):
Hey,

3 (1h 3m 59s):
Hey Columbia World versatile. He sitting fucking a vanilla joint. What she, what she what she got? Damn y'all that old also. Hey look y'all this is, this is how y'all know this my nigga I, I'm just a year older but this nigga he taught me how to throw money on the beaches bro. That might be true. He told me how to, y'all know he's a booty warrior.

13 (1h 4m 31s):
Crazy Fleece Johnson. Y'all know he outta jail. Yes Outta fucking jail and married to a woman.

3 (1h 4m 39s):
No he doing the 20 V1 child. Woody almost beat him up. He don't touch me again. He don't touch me. OG Woody

13 (1h 4m 47s):
And Fleece was together. Yeah

3 (1h 4m 49s):
The dude he grabbed the dude who was doing the challenge with dude trying to whoop Yeah seen that nigga Fleece was talking about fucking Luther. I said man get that nigga off the airway. Oh And y'all

13 (1h 5m 1s):
Know that's Fleece Johnson. Yeah

3 (1h 5m 3s):
He needs to be back in jail.

13 (1h 5m 4s):
Hey Nate never got out.

3 (1h 5m 5s):
Yeah that nigga he needs to be you just call Jeff Flee about my

13 (1h 5m 12s):
Drink.

3 (1h 5m 15s):
No fucking outta here. Chad's a bad one man. He a good sport too 'cause that shit going crazy on TikTok. So y'all brought up Orlando hitting me.

13 (1h 5m 25s):
Y'all brought Yeah. I was wondering if y'all was, y'all so funny.

3 (1h 5m 29s):
I called my cousin too. Oh shit man, that's crazy. I called him too. He said hey he got one.

13 (1h 5m 34s):
Y'all real for that because I was like I wonder if they gonna say something about that.

3 (1h 5m 39s):
I called bro too man he oh. He was like bro it's all fun and game and shit man. I was like Bow, I about to have motherfuckers fuck you up bro. You need to chill motherfuckers on your heels. Yeah, gotta when you this question obviously crazy shit going on with the Diddy case. But having Kid K testify and niggas on the internet was like he better keep a hip hop. A nigga blew my car up. I am telling that is property damage. Nigga Thug said damn, cutting a snitch play too. Nigga from street nigga snitch he street my nigga you blew my car. Stop fucking with my, you not but see DJ with that bro you didn't have to.

13 (1h 6m 20s):
He got going on bro. Didn't have.

3 (1h 6m 22s):
Hey let's move on bro. Not for real bro. Not to even speak on this case 'cause I really don't give a fuck if he go to jail, go to jail. I don't give a fuck. He ain't do nothing. Me. Yeah but like bro what, what is he on trial for? Because I'm like why the fuck are they talking about Kid Cudi car bro? They said they're trying to pay him to be away. 'cause when they come with this next round of punches, that's gonna be the one that must the limb bro. This bro low key. This is the, this is the preseason. He on trial for sex trafficking, right? Yeah they're trying, this is the preseason bro. Real season anyway and no, no, no offense, nah ugly in motherfuckers but like I hope he wouldn't try and crack her. Oh she ugliest from a group show. Yeah, I don't know what he was love.

3 (1h 7m 3s):
She is mid but I was laughing at the way the kid cut came out bro. Nigga they had the the perfect photos. I said this niggas if you can kind of roll out right now, don't testify. Yeah. I mean but Kid Cudi should have sat that one out. Yeah he shouldn't even brought his shit up bro. He said niggas blew my car up bro. Yeah bro. He should out for what? Niggas in my crib chilling bro. I, I told y'all before that my only beef with that is 'cause Diddy, I mean heard You know Nipples that's that's some y'all on Barbie type of time with that. The fuck I'm talking about like Barbie my baby. Yeah that's definitely the real Barbie.

13 (1h 7m 36s):
No it is

3 (1h 7m 37s):
Kid.

13 (1h 7m 40s):
That's

3 (1h 7m 40s):
Bri. No but keep the, I just don't like that he got them babies in there man. Yeah. Ah my

13 (1h 7m 47s):
Daughter, I don't understand

3 (1h 7m 48s):
That at all. I would've stood up like y'all gotta get, I get what y'all trying to do, fuck it But get my kids outta here man. That was sick. I don't want my kids to see no shit. I mean they gonna see it one way or another but I want them party nigga. The thing that fucked me up, nigga said a freak off lasted 48 hours. Damn. Oh four days. Something like that.

13 (1h 8m 4s):
That's why they need all

3 (1h 8m 5s):
That anyway. I'm kind of scared to Google that one. I don't know if the computer, I dunno how to either way Don't don't Google that but they said nah, Jeff ain't telling bullshit it like four days or 48 like Yeah bro. How you stay up that long pause like I'm saying. No I'm saying like just awake that long. The pink candy bro. I'm saying awake like how my eyes stay up a lot of goats. No bro, it is not that bro. At some point there's some pink shit out bro. Some bro.

13 (1h 8m 36s):
It ain't that much sex in the world.

3 (1h 8m 37s):
No it ain't that much like you fall out in four days. I did see my nigga what's his name from a temptation. Oh okay. A nigga did forget he had a, he had a concert nigga sold some tickets to a nigga for a concert. Yeah they were rough yesterday. I remember nigga. Nigga this was for yesterday. Damn. He said I missed a concert. Take my car personally bro. That nigga up hold, imagine this, you missed a concert, you tried to sell some old tickets. You so high in addicted drug that you said damn I missed a concert. Yo team woke up, nigga was watching his game nigga. But no nigga going crazy just saying I'm better say damn I missing concert. Not let me get on the road and try to catch up with him.

3 (1h 9m 19s):
I just saying fuck it. Take my car strong out. Do you remember that conversation? We said before niggas got home they gonna steal their car, try to reach the cops, get beat them. This is man came from a car person. That's how those transactions work. Remember you was like before I go home because y'all sell my car, he was like I'm aise you eight grand. Yeah, I'm just saying it's my vehicle. He had no media. He wild bro. You ain't that. You don't want drugs that bad. Ain't no you car off. He said I ain't got this much. He said bring it all until that nigga to bring some up. I said yeah he's hot Jeff you just not in the drug industry bro. This shit this some be in the drug industry. I know. I'm just telling I'm not.

3 (1h 9m 60s):
He's removed from that and that's a good thing. But I'm saying it's, it's some shit out there. Those stories is real bro. Motherfucker up 48, 4, 4 days, whatever it is bro. Yeah fucking bro. You take a little break but damn bro, you up. You doing that bro. It it is not. I swear to God y'all can write me off of every y do it ain't it? Ain't that fun? Nah it ain't. It ain't that. That's not life I wanna live. Nah, I'm cool. Ude to those dude, be safe. Be, You know what I'm saying? Make sure everybody has consent in that shit. But that's just that shot gotta be crazy huh? No it ain't. At this point you just shotgun. See that's what I'm saying. He was just doing shit. That's why he in the position he but I'm saying why you high? Because I done fucked off a edible and that motherfucker how you felt like you could dab up with the Lord himself.

3 (1h 10m 42s):
I ain't gonna lie. That sounds scary. That shit sound dumb as hell. Sativa talking about dapping the Lord. No I'm saying though, you so high is what I'm saying. You hear that shit about come what God hurt you. No I'm saying, I'm talking about you so high though bro. It's like the edible that's sativa edible. What? Get you up through there bro. So I know the feeling bro. I ain't touched none of that pink shit but that that sativa edible you. This shit send me that purse and I put that on Instagram behind the scenes and if they don't make sure you go to shock club twenty.com use you some new dope.

3 (1h 11m 27s):
Shit. We fully loaded on the website. We appreciate y'all. We'll be back next time up

8 (1h 11m 33s):
The volume

Degree (1h 11m 38s):
Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.

Bill Grace Taproot (1h 12m 6s):
We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you. We are root and we do car insurance differently. We don't believe it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like occupation or education because we know who you are on paper has nothing to do with who you are behind the wheel. And that means savings. It's easy to get started. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route route insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today to see how much you could save terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for details.

Made for this mountain (1h 13m 6s):
The Made for This Mountain podcast exists to empower listeners to rise above their inner struggles and face the mountain in front of them. So during mental health awareness month, tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and then climb that mountain. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the struggle. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

Everybody's Business (1h 13m 36s):
A lot of times big economic forces show up in our lives in small ways. Four Days a week I would buy two cups of banana pudding, but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one Small but important ways from tech billionaires to the bond market to yeah, banana pudding if it's happening in business. Our new podcast is on it. I'm Max Chaffin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. So listen to everybody's business on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. This Is an iHeart podcast.