
It doesn't matter what plays you call if you don't have the personnel to run them. Lowe's Red Vest Associates can help you execute whatever home improvement project you've drawn up on top of that. With the Lowe's app on in-store mode, it's easy to call your own number and find anything yourself. Or if you're really under pressure, order online before 2:00 PM to get it. Same day at home. Lowe's know's home improvement. Lowe's is an official partner of the NFL same day, valid on eligible in-Stock items in select zip codes only subject to driver availability. Fees vary based on purchase exclusions and more terms apply See lowe's dot com slash same day delivery for details.


What's good? Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it. to be so light on your ear. It just like a dream For more. check out Bose dot com.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime. Video breaking tackles this week. The Minnesota Vikings head west to take on the Los Angeles Rams. This is what you love to see. Coverage begins with football's best party on TNF tonight. Not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Vikings and the Rams Thursday only on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Muhammad Ali George Foreman, 1974, George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story Behind the Rumble in the jungles, like a Hollywood Movie. But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam maba, all The biggest Slack artists that on the planet Together in Africa. It was A big Deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume.


The NFL season is back and underway and the action is always hitting up on the field at the Draftking Sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draftking Sports Book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL All new customers. Now is your chance to get in all the football action. New customers bet just five bucks to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. So score big with Draftking Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Download the app today and use Cold Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks. Only the On DraftKings the Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in New Hampshire, Oregon and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft Ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


I'll be back now. Episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is dj, well special guest in the building. We're gonna introduce my man's last but to my far left we got my dog Bishop B, he out the pearl least How you what? Nasty. Cool and Nasty. Let's get to it. I'm excited for this one For sure. Look man, I see, I see you got the black, the Louis with the white laces. Have you ever seen the black forces with the white laces? Hold On, I ain't seen them. I ain't seen them so Them are generics. Oh, Yours ain't a fish. Okay. That's Where we kept from. Shit. Shut up. The fuck is you talking for? Talk dj, go do the thing bro. Shit bro. I ain't seen the black ones yet. Man them hard. Damn ain't they ain't made it to Flint yet? Nah, not yet.


What they buy to bro? Yeah for sure. Under your chair bro. I got you a pair my nigga with my laces in them. Need them right there Man. He did. Here you gonna fuck your feet up. Oh he Fuck your feet. Hey you gotta hoop a game in them though. Yeah, warm up bitch the back you The coldest nigga ever got 30 in Black Forces. You gotta Go in the hall Fame. Nah, my nigga try to get another bag. He gonna do that to his ankles To my right. My, they got special license in him. They do. They do got Special license. Yeah Bro. Got a special white license bro. My boy getting that product placement off. Yeah I trying to get on League fits with it for sure.


Definitely get that off. Yeah, ain't gonna put you on the back. They gonna be like make sure he walked down by himself. Got on Black Forces. He might rob everybody in The corner. Don't introduce the other hey Dash To my right. My dog Young Nacho Young Teg. How you up man? We got a young killer in the building. I'm excited. You know how I get so I ain't got them on but respect. So I'm respectful tonight. But shout to my dog. He got his own. Ladies I'm proud you got on them on nine Walkers, the nine trails. These are definitely it. I, I'm really excited though man. We got killer in here bro. One of the coldest, one of the young killers, small fours that's gonna be doing this thing this year. I'm excited for for sure man. Like you said Midwest straight outta friend, you know what I'm saying? Legend Michigan State doing the big young killer in the league.


We got RTB miles in the building. Miles, bridges. How you living brother? I'm good man. How y'all, y'all good? We good man. Appreciate you sliding on us brother. For sure. Anytime For sure man. You know what I'm saying? Midwest, you always keep a love. You been one of the, the biggest guest been requested man. You got some big shoes to fill on this episode bro. Man, I'm excited man. And they been asking for my over here Bro. Sure. I want to kick this bitch off though. I heard nigga, when you enter high school nigga, he was a six four center. Yeah. Who you hear that from? We tapped In. We tapped in from So sources on sources because I was the first five 10 port, first five 10 power forward in the country. Nah, he was pitch Four when I, when I heard that about you.


I said damn. And you was a killer though. You averaged a doubled double with that. Yeah, little doubled double. Damn. How did, why did you start off Flint Center? Why did bro, I mean man what was your bill like, Paul? Yo Nah, nah in Flint. In Flint though. Like we ain't got too many tall people. Like it was all guards. Like I was the only one that was tall so I could, I could play guard but they just, you know, threw me at the center. Oh. And I was a freshman too so I really damn gonna say so they just tapped over my sword. They said nah, that's the thing about what he played singer. That's crazy. That's Before prep school and be Yeah that's your, 'cause you only spent one year at your high school, right? Yeah. Yeah. You went over to over to Huntington? Yeah, Western went to Huntington for sure.


Yep. Yeah my bro bro Top 10. Yeah he was the first five, 10 stretch four. Yeah bro. So I, I walked so you could run. Yeah, He didn't shoot though. You couldn't shoot bro. I had a clippy. What fuck is he talking about Bro? He just set screens for George Hill Bro. Nah bro, you a stretch phone in. Nah, let's up bro. Sam Perkins bro. I Hope so. They forever bro. Many words. Yeah, I play that in out bro. Hey yo. Shit ain't Been over as hell man. He so wrong with you. Nah, don't. How you just start hooping though? Like was it just hooping in the hood with the guys or did somebody put the pill in your hand?


My pops rest in peace. My pops, he put, he put the pill in my hand when I was four got me my hoop shit. But yeah, I, I was always hooping with the older guys in the hood. That's what really, you know, got me tough, got me, got me better at basketball. My mom, she, she wasn't, she wasn't messing with that but my dad was like, he wanted me to hoop with all the older guys. So that's how I got started. For real. Was you always bigger than everybody? Nah, I was skinny. I was really, I was skinny. I was short up till like, I'd say middle school, that's when I hit my little growth spurt got six one. Okay. Playing center shit. So imagine you said Ball Scream that's crazy. But yeah, that's, that's how I got started though. That's how I got that dog in him though.


Facts Pooping outside. Facts all tion. Hey that's Can call fo. You can't call Foul. That's, that's really where you get it from though. I had to chain that. Your hand get caught on the neck and get Chain net is wild bro. I don't owe my mama. You Never had a chain net before? No I be Chain net is wild. I did Switchy black ch Yo yo. You go Dunk Got Cool bro. I don't everything. We could have bought some net nets. I ain. That Was just character building bro. That's all part of Journey. You rather with Chain Nets or No Nets. No nets. Hell Nah.


Chain Chain. No My Niggas out hitting it. Ball dumping net in bro. A heartbeat bro. That's the fun about it. Now we gotta fight about it because you like I nigga Airball gave y'all won that bit now everybody, everybody it's the good time. But y'all listen man we know you hoop and rap but Lance Stevenson man, he put a pressure on you man. Seen all Rapper said what's up man. Yeah, they said he the best rapper for Charlotte. Nah not Charlotte but play for Charlotte. Nah Lance Cold. Lance Facts. I ain't, I I thought it was way better than what I thought it was gonna be. I heard this little hot nigga freestyle in like 2014. That was cool too. But he, he went off on on the radar. I Told, I said one day, I don't know who I was talking to.


I said but he, he crawl so you can walk because he was the first one, not the first rapper. I mean Steven Jackson, a couple of them other people World Peace, they all rap. But he was the first one that was kind of like in a new era, like when he did the high nigga freestyle and shit. Oh yeah. To be rapping it was kind of lit and the way they did it was lit. Like the videos was lit and shit. And then when you came along and started rapping, I mean obviously Dane rap too but your shit was like raw. I'm like yeah that's that. That's what I listened to bro. When I seen the YouTube videos I said ah nah I'm fucking with this. This is my type of shit when niggas got the music videos at the gas station, I'm locked in. Yeah, he said you was his favorite.


Y'all was his favorite team after that. Alright. I've been fucking with the hos happy since that 24 we locked in baby. That's What's up when you start rapping. I always just loved music as a little kid but like just rapping on the lunch tables, little freestyles. But when I first got in the studio for real it was probably like, I was like 18. I wasn't, I wasn't rapping for real though. I was just, you know, still playing around. But I really didn't start taking this shit serious till like 2020 when Covid hit. That's when I dropped my first tape up to score and after that it just went, went off. I was rapping with D Bacon though before that. Yeah, 2019 we had our own. Yeah Dwayne he a bucket but he really got me on the music wave where I was like confident in doing my own shit, you feel me?


Oh that's what word spot. I mean call that nigga Spot Sada speak high you bro. He was having that talk. He was like nah they my nigga he number One nigga. He number one. Yeah He for the club bro. My dog Soda Man. As soon as I got drafted, I I, I was about to go to one of his concerts. I, I pulled up to his hood. I pulled up to his hood, hung out with him. He, he showed me love. Him and his hood, they showed me love. So ever since then me and SDA been locked in him Skill. All them man. Sada good people. Skiller good people too. For sure. I'm gonna show good people This new album. This new album. Tough bro. You said something on that motherfucker I think on that one record that I was just tour's called me and you he was like it ain't gotta be Halloween. I still trick on you Hear me?


That's towards the end of the album y'all towards I gotta take that one. It's called Me and You fuck I fuck with that one bro. Girl birthday. Ain't no motherfucker trick room. When I said bounce might make me tap me go get what you want. So You gotta borrow. Nah. Yeah, that, that was hard bro. Yeah they told me I was too aggressive with my rap so I had to, you know, put some songs in there for the ladies man. They said you was scared the whole, That's an all white Air Force song. The rest of for sure you, you could show that song in your mama. Nah, fuck with the music. But I really fuck with you as a hooper though. For sure. Yeah. Appreciate it.


Like people don't understand that you really a bucket and you've been doing it for a long time and you one of the top players in high school and you came out going to Michigan State, one of the top players in college. What's been like that driving fourth Street when it come to Hoop? Just not wanting to go back to Flint, you know, facts. Yeah I always, I always wanted to make it out when I finally made it out. You know, that's, that's not where it end at. You feel me? You gotta, you gotta keep going. But like my family, they motivate me. People around me motivate me. Yeah. Just me wanting to be great, you know what I'm saying? I just, that just keep me going for real. Facts. Facts for sure. Like we was talking about the Huntington Beach, you know what I'm saying? Getting out the crib, gonna prep school and y'all was nice Huntington prep man.


Yeah that's just slam the motherfucker. Pat Patterson, the oj. Yeah, now they bro it's crazy people getting that confused. They went to Huntington High but it was like a whole new thing with Huntington Prep. Yeah. Andrew Wiggins wig. Wig. I say Wigginton Prep, they went to Huntington High. It was a hood with it in Huntington like crazy. Oh okay. So that's two different schools. Schools Huntington Prep to prep a little Catholic school that be having to prep schools. Huntington High, they got like oj, you know Pat Patterson, all Chris Walker. Yeah Bro. They was lean on me. Okay. I thought that was the Sames and prep. How far is that away from each other? 10 minutes. Did y'all play each other real small? Did y'all? Nah, I wanted to though. I always wanted to man.


They never got to it though. So who came and recruited you though outta high school to pull up like college type thing? No, I'm just mean like what was that? What made you leave your hood school to, you know, leave your friends and shit To go prep? Yeah, this, this dude named Devonte Hawkins. He used to hoop. He went to Huntington Prep. Did he go to Mississippi State? Nah, he went to South Florida. South Florida. Okay. I'm thinking about somebody else. So he went, he went to South Florida. So he, he told my mom, he like, yeah I don't, I don't think I want, I want miles and Flint no more. You know, just, just 'cause the environment and stuff and he ain't want me around certain things. Yeah. So he told my mama and then she was like, all right, I guess I'll let him go. I really wanted to come back my senior year though 'cause there ain't nothing like the hood man.


Ain't nothing you can get to dunk. They running on the court, all type of stuff man. But yeah. Yeah it was good for me to go there though. I played, I played a lot of competition. Jason Tatum Fox. That's, that's really where I got my competitive nature from for real. Damn. Y'all played Jason Taylor in high school? Yeah. Yeah he Dropped. Damn He dropped. I had a little 30 piece though. But he, he At 47. What He wasn't missing Jt you on that. Damn JT did Killer. Nah, he he been like that bro. Nah, That's hard. Damn. That's crazy. And then if you know what I'm saying, you did kill there and then bring it back to the career Michigan site. Was it another school that it could have been if it wasn't Michigan site? I actually committed to Kentucky. I told, I told Coach Kyle I was going there.


He was sick at me. It was really supposed to be me, Fox, Malik Monk. Bam. My bio woo Briscoe was there that year. I know y'all, y'all didn't For sure There ain't no beef. Ain't no beef. It's All bro. But nah, that I actually committed and then when I took my visit to Michigan State I was like man I gotta come Back to the, it just felt like home. Yeah, for Sure. Damn. For sure. That's crazy. Y'all class was far. Yeah, yeah. No they had a squad. Everybody in that class that was a top guy. They damn there in the NBA and they like thriving in the NBA for Real. 2016. That was a crazy class. Yeah, I remember you killed Purdue? I think so. Freshman year you had like 33 or something on them niggas.


Yeah that's, that's the time we lost. The second time I killed them. I had the game winner. That was my sophomore year. Yeah I just, that's what about Purdue bro? I just didn't like him bro. I ain't know Bro. Me and you on the same way. Nah, I know you Purdue. I committed to you. I but I didn't have an offer. He had, damn, he got on one of them dad hats right now. P on the front. Fuck Him. It's better be a LA hat. I thought it was fuck him. I had no offer. Nah for real. I called him and said yeah I'm coming away. I'm coming to Purdue. Man, what'd they say? They was like, we gonna call you right back. I was like, what?


They was like we don't have any more offers ever since, ever since then it's fuck production. No, the Show can show. So I'm glad you killed him. How many? 30, 33 The first time, first game. And I, I had a little 20 piece but that game winner kind of made it like Yeah he hit a game word on your ass. That's the first time I noticed like, oh he's special. He a doll. Like I heard your name 'cause I follow a U Heavy but I was like nah, you can really ball for real bro. Yeah, for sure. Shit that What made you come back to school your sophomore year? I just felt like I wasn't ready, you know, my freshman year I feel like my game wasn't as defined as I wanted it to be. You know, going against the best in the world. I wanted to get my handles better, my decision making better And coach is he, he helped me with that for sure.


I couldn't believe you came back Freshman of the year. My mama was mad at me too. I ain't going. Oh yeah, shout out to mama. I would've been pissed too. Like, because she, I was mad at him. I was like, what the fuck is he doing? Go back to this shit. She retired and everything. She like, what is you doing? I don't know. You made a good decision though, man. I mean it was good. It was all, it all worked out. But You was hot though Bro. Well you was going be, you was top court, you was gonna be here, you was court. I couldn't believe I said it is on he go ahead. I said he got a different type of faith. Man threw me a party when I came back Out the gate as He should bro.


That was, That was crazy. Party should have been stupid. Should have been one of five 20 parts. Did he had, did he play a part of your decision though, of leaving or did? He was like, you know, miles, I love for you to come back but you know you gotta do what's best for you. Nah, he, he wanted me to do what's best for me. He, he really wanted me to leave. Like, okay, my second year Jaren was with me. Jaren Jackson downtown. Yeah. Yep. He, he was trying to come back for his second year and coach was like, man, get outta here man. Like what you doing you top four pick. But with me it was different. I was like top 10, top 11. So yeah, you made it work bro. You got hella faith nigga. You got good faith and it's smart. 'cause a lot of times you see people who leave after that freshman year and yeah you get lottery pick but then it don't work out.


You develop in that second contract already. Kind of spooky. Yeah, That's what I was scared of for, I just didn't want to go to the league just to say I went to the league. I wanted to actually, you know, make an impact. You feel me? So that's A lie. I ain't gonna lie. Like watching you when you came in the league, you, you know you stupid athletic, you know you dunk on people got bounced lives and all that. You and La Melo had a stupid connection and then I kept watching and all of a sudden I'm like man this motherfuck shoot. 'cause when we was at Michigan State, I seen you make threes, but I didn't label you a shooter. Like I was like, man, you not knocked down. But now that I watch you, it's like shit, you can't leave him even fucking shoot. So like how was that development, you know, working on your shot, being a pro and then going to the league and becoming a pro and working on your shot and stuff like that.


I mean, I ain't gonna lie like Kat and say I put up a thousand shots a day but I, I put up, I Put, that's why I like the CI put up, I put up a whole lot of shots man. I put up a whole lot of shots for show. Just trying to perfect. Yeah we, sorry, I'm trying to perfect my shit man. You Know Cat Live bro. The only thing I could get away with that is Kobe saying that rest in peace, rest in peace to Kobe. That's I could get away with saying put up everybody else. I know you. That's why he deserves to bro that bro go read that book. Ka you pulling up a G name. That's Why he was meant to be on here because he tells the real, he tells the Truth Nobody shelf.


He said 1500 money insane. 5,000 nuts Cat. Cat out. Okay. I love Cat Cat's good people just because he lying. I fuck with that. I fuck with lot because I lie. I himself cat strong. I tell the kids that. I tell the kids at the school at Coach Ed Pipe that I worked out three times a day. I did never one Man. What other won't workout a day? Oh coach I lie. It's definitely a lie. Got man shout to genetics.


It doesn't matter what plays you call if you don't have the personnel to run them. Lowe's Red Vest Associates can help you execute whatever home improvement project you've drawn up on top of that with the Lowe's app on in-store mode, it's easy to call your own number and find anything yourself. Or if you're really under pressure, order online before 2:00 PM to get it. Same day at home. Lowe's knows home improvement. Lowe's is an official partner of the NFL Same day. Valid on eligible in stock items in select zip codes only subject to driver availability Fees vary based on purchase exclusions and more terms. Apply See lows.com/same day delivery for details.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Makeba, I Shook up the world. James Brown said, say it loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three Days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself Out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation the Sixties. And prior to that you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I Don't have to be what you want me to be, We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up everybody? It's Peter Schrager from the NFL Network's. Good morning Football and Fox's NFL kickoff show. And we're back for the season with Peter Schrager, the podcast you find right here in each episode of the season. I'm gonna take you inside and behind the scenes of the conversations that happen at the highest levels of NFL franchisees. We're bring in the top GMs top coaches, the young coordinator you're getting to know. And we're gonna give you the story behind the story that you're probably not getting anywhere else. Like all Pro Jets, cornerback sauce, Gardner, You know, as a defense we looking forward to the ad, knowing where we left off last season and just continuing to get better. Like first year Atlanta Falcons offensive coordinator, Zach Robinson Bijon. You can give this guy a ball every single play and he's gonna make a play. See, You'll be in the front office of an NFL team one week, but the next week you're gonna be at a bar elbow to elbow with some of your favorite celebrities laughing about football like Kansas City Chiefs fan. Paul Rudd. By the way, can I just point out how much I like the music of this podcast? Music Is Awesome. Quick on a funky beat. Listen to the season with Peter Schrager on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I Know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every Great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball every refin all day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Black Effect podcast network is sponsored by Diet Coke. Stick to sports. Sports and politics. Don't mix or my personal favorite, shut up and dribble. I've heard these complaints throughout my sports journalism career, but despite what some people believe sports and politics have mixed since the beginning. Now you have a podcast that isn't afraid to explore the complicated marriage between sports and politics. With a new podcast called Politics With Me, Jemele Hill. Join me as I fearlessly explore political, social and economical issues through the lens of sports with some of the biggest names as smartest people. You might even learn something. So here's the assignment. Listen to politics on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast. And let's get political.


So you killed your sophomore year bro. What, when did you know at, at that point like you was ready to go to the draft? Like, I mean I knew I was, I was gonna go either way. Either way. Fuck it. Yeah, I mean I was just, I was just trying to just stay consistent throughout that whole whole year. So my, my stock wouldn't go down, you know me, I was just focusing on winning that just carried over to, to my game. So yeah, that's what it was. Hey, and up at Charlotte, was there anywhere else you think you was gonna go or where did you want to go? I thought I was gonna go to the Knicks. Real. I was, I was in a little matchup, me and Kevin Knox back in back in the day. Damn. And they, they had came out that, 'cause he, he was going crazy in that little, it was like a three on three. What, what six people in the draft draft fit?


Is it six people or is it three people? My draft is a little different. I ain't Oh No you, you ain't have to Work out for it. I'm, I'm old. I was, he, he was a little late. I was old. It Was six people. It was six people 'cause we was playing three on three and Kevin Knox was killing like he was hitting anything. Half quarter shots, all type of shit. No exaggeration. And somebody had leaked in, it was like Kevin Knox just bust miles ass boom. I don't think he coming to the Knicks no more. So after that, I mean they, they picked Kevin Knox over me at I think number nine. At number nine. 'cause that's where I thought I was about to go. I ended up going to the Oranges but I, I thought I was going to the Knicks though. Damn. Damn. But it all worked out. You see how, you see how God worked? Yeah for Sure. Knicks might not have been meant for you 'cause Kevin Knox shit it's tough.


I spoke with Kevin Knox, I thought he was a good player but damn. Nah, I just feel like playing in New York is just a different breed. Nah, I turned it down. No sir. Different breed Bro. You not about to end me they yeah It's a lot of expectations. You gotta be built for you man. You for sure gotta be built for. Yeah y'all wasn't built for that motherfucker And it's so crazy bro. They was killing mellow. Like if y'all killed Yo damn Kill anybody. That's when I knew I wasn't built for. Y'all gonna Talk about about him. Yeah I would imagine. What y'all gonna say about me? Yeah you was gonna get talked about real dusty. I was gonna have some hella stories boy You get hella stories already. But shit, imagine my New York stories, the joints I would've had.


I was outside. Outside like Charlotte though. You more free though. Yeah for sure. They kinda let you work on your game and figure shit out as the season go. Yeah. Facts. Facts. I fuck With Charlotte. So how was that transition though bro? Your first game was you spooked like oh shit, this is the big league. Yeah I was playing against Gianni my first game. Damn. And this one, this was MVPI mean honest still at an MVP level. Yeah. Yeah this was an MVP. Honest like 2018 I had, I had one point that game. See y'all talking about Brody sick. I ain't Y'all about Brody. See, sees a chance. Look at flourishing. I was Sick. My husband was a top pick.


Brody, if Brody is s Is getting fired, this is my point bro. You family now. Fuck it. We no pod. This is what I be saying to people about this Brody shit. This nigga was a lottery pick playing against Yassa had one point. One point. Yes Mouse. You was out pocket. Niggas did not speak on that. Niggas did not speak on that. He's Still rookie. He a rookie. Okay so this niggas picked 55th and y'all on his ass. Y'all know what the, do y'all know what the 55th nigga shot his first preseason game last year? No I don't care. As soon as we walk in here they like Brony was one for nine last night nigga nobody give a fuck. I know why though. Y'all know why they talking like that?


Nah, real sure. Yeah I mean it is bro. But for y to see I'm as a basketball head like to see Giannis you go, you get one point. But to see Giannis and like see how he's moving MVP whatever did that light light a fire and you like damn I gotta work on my shit. Yeah. Hell yeah. I knew I had to get stronger. I knew I had to get stronger. I knew I had to get more disciplined. I was fucking up the coverages. I ain't play for the next three games after that. How I go, I had 15 in the fourth quarter against the magic and then ever since then me and Kimba was rocking at here. Facts. Facts. Yeah I I I knew I had to get better. Who was the coach for rookie year? James Bragga. Oh okay. A BII fuck with him.


He got, he got, he a cool dude too. Nah he cool. Cool For sure I fuck with him. He cool man. Like you said you came to the HO team with Kemba, you know what I'm saying? Kemba had the city on lock shot. The cardiac crazy how was at the walking, you know what I'm saying? To see how that was. What oh NBA season. Y'all rookie here. Oh yeah. Oh NBA third he was 13. He was dropping sixties on Jimmy dropping fifties on Donovan Mitchell. I was like bro this nigga different breed. Nah five 10 Kimball one of the like I'm glad you said light on Kimball. 'cause Kimball one of the coldest people I ever played against. He kimba called. Nah for sure. And I had a chance to play with him in Boston and he one of the coolest. Yeah for sure dude was ever so I know he was probably a super cool vet to have him like see him doing that.


Did they like did it inspire you to like shit, I gotta work on my game 'cause I ain't gonna lie. Kim was shoot he shoot a hella, well I was with the Celtics, he was shooting a lot of shots he was in for sure he was getting shots up. I don't know how he was as shot but at that time he was getting hella shots up. I for sure was in that corner. I was in that corner. He was shooting, he was coming off some screens pulling but it was going in and he was doing his thing. So Kimball was a gun. What? Anytime he came off the screen he shooting the ball but he was killing so I couldn't even say no. I think he average like 27 that year. Nah He was cold. I Kimball wanted the coldest I ever played. I swear to God we used to trapp him. I used to be like hey I used to look at him.


We came in the gal like you don't worry you ain't gonna have a night tonight because we gonna trap you. Oh give fuck Foster you trap. Aha. Quick split. Yeah. Oh he got all that handle game crazy. All that he ended, it's a dude named Gary McGee. Shout to Big G. I played with him a U since I was little. Damn. Get well soon. And Kimble was in college man you know that step back he did with a dude from Pitfield? Yep. That's Gary McGee. That's him. Yeah. He from here. He from Indy. Yeah. Well Anderson, Indiana. But he was my guy. Yeah, Kim ruined his career man. He had a chance to make to the league. Yeah, Kimba, Kimba dropped him in a guard Game. Big East championship. That's, that's probably the best game winner ever.


Like in my book, Definitely top Five of the show As a Louisville fan, I like having nightmares of that Big East Run. He was like they whooped ass every single day. Yeah that that's one of the hardest championship runs bro. Oh for sure Kimball that guy man. For Sure. Sure. But the fact that he had you on the corner, I had them kind of moments man it's all good. He was gunning you. That's all good. I learned like you said though, he he probably one of the best, best ever man. Like facts. He put me under his wing, taught me the game. Yeah. Come to his crib and chill. I just felt like, you know he was one of my bros. So the show Kim? Nah, Good, good people bro. Great people. I ain't gonna lie. He, he the reason motherfuckers called me Jet. I was about to ask you about that.


I heard that earlier. What? What's About that? Yeah, Kim, so Brad Stevens wrote up a play and called me Jet. Right. Shit didn't really had no legs to Kimba got ahold of that shit. He was like, he called you Jay. He know he got that New York accent. J Wonder no, No, Nah, shit. I'm like, I'm like damn nobody really had no legs. I'm like every every person I heard called Jet they knees was fucked up. My knees was fucked up, my knee was fucked up The real. So I'm like yo nigga he cracking Jokes saying Nah nah he was cracking Joe.


He just couldn't call me JT. 'cause Jason Tatum was JT so he just kind of, you know j JT zero. Yeah My nigga from had zero too but nigga they just, my whole life he was 50 And he was 55. Yeah, my whole fucked up in Boston. Like yeah He was lineback, It was get the curse Linebacker Crazy for The Patriots But nigga my whole time in Boston I was done. So that nigga just started calling me Jet like niggas wanted saying it to Kimba was like, yo Jet.


I'm like yo, it was funny 'cause it's Kimba and it just kind of stuck. I was fucking with it after a while everybody in his comments call you Jet now. Yeah, everybody called me Jet. How'd you feel when Kimba gunning ass? What? Why they got the ball? I feel, I mean we, we Yo give, well my dog Kay is here actually right now. So it's, it's is funny. Shout to bro but We went, we went from like damn near the ninth seed to like the 13th seed. But I, I got, I got more shots though So I Cool Experience. So I had to get the fall in my hand a little bit. Trial by here. Alright, shit, I got the medal turn up.


No facts. Yeah everything happened for a reason. I was that going from, you know what I'm saying from Campbell to the more of a pass for point guard. It was good. I just had to be like more on, more on my shit with, with with Melo. 'cause you never know when he throwing the ball, like I seen him throw a full court underhand pass to me. So it it is, it is definitely a difference. But like I said, I I love watching Kimba man. Like I said, I I I watch Kimba watch Drop 60 on Jimmy Butler. That's probably one of the craziest games I ever seen. And I seen Melo have 15 assists, 16 assists and it's still crazy to see. So it's just like, I don't know. Nah you been blessed to play with some dope point guards bro. For sure because Kimba when he was playing was one of the dopest and he was crazy like to be all NBA in that era that time when he did was playing That game.


Westbrook Come on, the list goes on bro. The BNBA What I'm Saying don't do that. I went all NBA now. I ain't gonna lie. I was out, I was outside, outside Charlotte Club, Philly Club man Minnesota White Girl Club. I was just outside and Somalians. Yeah. Oh yeah. Keep stay away from them niggas boy they, but that's, that's another story here and there. But nah you be blessed to play with dope point guard so to come in with Kemba all NBA super VE Cole and then to give La Melo a young guy who comes in super flare, lot of passing high expectations.


You know people was excited that he came in the league. I mean he had a super, super dope following. Yeah. Facts for you to get that and be a part of that and y'all to grow and y'all look like y'all best of friends. Sure. You, You what I'm saying. That's for sure my brother. Well no, I mean basketball make make people closer and family for life. So facts. It it was a blessing. Me mellow. You know I feel like if he, if he's not injured, he's top three guard in the league. Yeah. That I'm not even being biased. Like just Watching That's that's that's his man right there. Yeah Just watching him. He could do everything bro. He do everything on the court. He could do everything. He can do everything special. Six, eight nigga fast, quick legit six eight. Yeah like measurement shit. Yeah and he can shoot that bitch bro. Facts I I'm a fan of Ello.


I just want to ask him how the fuck did his brother get a new knee A different kind of chicken bro Because nigga the knee BBLI know KI know Kimba here too. We just like that would've changed my life. I still be, I still be You didn't want the surgery, don't do that. No. If it would've told me I'm gonna have a new knee, somebody else knee gonna be in my knee, I would've been cool. He got a D from a nigga in Chino Hills. They did some real procedures on him. Shout, shout out to over. Shout Back, shout to my niggas over. Yeah. I'm so happy that he playing basketball 'cause Alonzo one of my favorite players. Nah, hell yeah. Him and him and Lalo.


They really, really, really nice. I ain't gonna lie, I'm glad Zo back 'cause he was one of my favorite players when he was healthy For sure. And look at y'all this season, you know what I'm saying? They got the young killer back for the sophomore season B Mill. Y'all looking at promising man. Y'all on court looking all right. Yeah, Yeah for sure. I mean B Mill B Mill gonna be cold for a lot of years man. Like I said, I'm blessed to be able to play with a lot of great players and be Mill one of them players for sure. Like he PG Archetype can do everything on the floor from Garden. He'll shoot a three in your face, he'll dunk on your ass. So yeah, I I'm ready for this year man. I I'm excited for sure. Oh yeah He's gonna be wicked this year. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Y y'all, y'all for a challenge but he out of pocket. I fuck with B Miller.


He out of pocket though. What He do? PG to go is crazy. I mean that's the younger generation. No I don't care if I be 22. That's like my generation with T-Mac I think because I, in my opinion I think T-Mac one of the goats boy He goat he trying to get off this show. Right. I Serious. I swear to God I, in my opinion, I if T-Mac don't get hurt, he, he the goat to me. Who? In my opinion and I I feel like that's why you feel that way though. Now explain bro, I'm not mad at you for explain I used to watch T-Mac almost every day with my pops bro. This nigga was doing amazing shit bro. Yeah and yeah I ain't gonna lie to like Kobe When him and Kobe was going at it bro and before he got hurt I damn near had him over recipes of Kobe.


I damn near had him over Kobe for him. Man it was a question. It was a question. It was a conversation. It Was a Was a conversation. It was a conversation. See him, his teammate got beef. It was deep in the rap I gotta take. Oh okay. I gotta take KB him. I'm not mad at you that I'm not mad at you fulfilling that way Kobe Man Kobe over Tmac. But at one point it was close, It was a conversation. I ain't gonna lie. It was definitely a conversation. I fuck I actually fuck with Tac Gas. I seen that tac episode Right. I fuck with Vince Carter more than I fuck with T-Mac though. Yeah VC Cool. I thought VC was better than team. I can't say that though. That's tough. I thought it was. That's that's tough. He I'm not mad at you for career than Tac. I'm saying like when Vince Carter was Vince Carter, this just me when Vince Carter was Vince Carter in Toronto?


Nah that was crazy. That shit was, that shit was hard. He was getting fit going back and forth for Iverson. He was damn Supposed to be Jordan 2.0 Yeah I was fucking with Vince Carter but like Sled Duck contest Vince Carter bro he was damn married like Nike Shock like we looked at him differently. Nah yeah Yeah. Ne Eye niggas was wearing no Nike shocks with jeans. That's how much of an impact he had on y'all. I was, I was out of pocket. Niggas was. Y'all had the silver ones with the blue shocks on the Back nigga fuck you. No I had the black, I had the black grand red ones. I was out pocket y'all was wearing Didn't Do that. I know you ain't do that as shit. They was already schwa by the time we was at high school. That was skinny gen era. You was so you was so mm we was Soja boy era. Who was your nah hell Man. Little jerking era.


We went through a little jerking and a Oh so you had Vans But in Flint though. Everybody like, they like Booy and Weby so Oh so you had big as shirts from that? Yeah. You graduated high school me 2016. Oh yeah they was whipping and na na in that prop. I ain't no I was gonna say the songs that was popping that era You definitely whip. Yeah You were jerking. Shit I need to whip one time. That's why I fucked Real.


It doesn't matter what plays you call if you don't have the personnel to run them. Lowe's Red Vest Associates can help you execute whatever home improvement project you've drawn up on top of that with the Lowe's app on in-store mode, it's easy to call your own number and find anything yourself or if you're really under pressure order online before 2:00 PM to get it. Same day at home. Lowe's knows home improvement. Lowe's is an official partner of the NFL Same day. Valid on eligible in-stock items in select zip codes only subject to driver availability Fees vary based on purchase exclusions and more terms apply See lowe's dot com slash same day delivery for details.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Maba, I shook up the world. James Brown said Say it loud and Akia said I'm black and I'm proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three Days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself Out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation the sixties And prior to that you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I don't have to be what you want me to be, we All came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up everybody? It's Peter Schrager from the NFL Network's. Good morning football and Fox's NFL kickoff show. We're back for the season with Peter Schrager, the podcast you find right here in each episode of the season. I'm gonna take you inside and behind the scenes of the conversations that happen at the highest levels of NFL franchises. We're bringing the top GMs top coaches, the young coordinator you're getting to know. We're gonna give you the story behind the story You're probably not getting anywhere else. Like all Pro Jets, cornerback sauce, Gardner, You know, as a defense we looking forward to adding, knowing where we left off last season and just continuing to get better. Like first year Atlanta Falcons offensive coordinator, Zach Robinson Bijon. You can get his guy a ball every single play and he's gonna make a play. See, You'll be in the front office of an NFL team one week, but the next week you're gonna be at a bar elbow to elbow with some of your favorite celebrities laughing about football like Kansas City Chiefs fan. Paul Rutt. By the way, can I just point out how much I like the music of this podcast? Music is awesome. Quick on like a funky beat. Listen to the season with Peter Schrager on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear them boys. I just hung here to play basketball rekindle day. And that's what I focus on From College to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to naked sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Black Effect podcast network is sponsored by Diet Coke. Stick to sports. Sports and politics. Don't mix or my personal favorite, shut up and dribble. I've heard these complaints throughout my sports journalism career, but despite what some people believe sports and politics have mixed since the beginning. Now you have a podcast that isn't afraid to explore the complicated marriage between sports and politics. With a new podcast called Politics With Me, Jemele Hill. Join me as I fearlessly explore political, social and economical issues through the lens of sports with some of the biggest names and smartest people. You might even learn something. So here's the assignment. Listen to politics on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast. And let's get political


On some hoop shit though. What you think y'all need to make that next leap like this year? Like to enter the playoffs. Like what you think y'all are y'all missing a piece you feel like, or it's just the chemistry? I feel like we got everything we need. You know we got facts, we got a new coach, coach Lee. He's gotta stay away from injuries man. Yeah, that's all. That's all it is for real with us. That's all it is. Nah, I fuck with y'all new coach Charles Lee, man, he was with me in Atlanta and Milwaukee, but I was with him with a young Atlanta when he just came from Bucknell. He was fresh. He's a lot of energy. Cool dude. I rock with him. I think he's gonna be great for y'all this year. Yeah, super, super, super smart when it comes to this basketball schemes and everything like that.


So I'm excited for y'all. So I think I had Charlotte being one of my surprise teams 'cause of 'cause of Charles. But I'm excited to see you in a new dynamic. Like obviously not to talk about people money. We don't do that on here, but you know, you good, you solidify, you know what I mean? You got, you got what you need. You know what I'm saying? Everything's probably got a new crib on the way. All that I, I feel you. I I, yeah, go ahead. Have good time. So now you in that stage where you, you kind of a veteran and now it's time to win, right? You know, first when you get in the league, you want to get that money, blah, blah, blah. But now you got it, it's time to win. Right? How you feel about Charles and what he's bringing to the table, how y'all schemes, how to preseasons going, everything, how you feel about it.


It's perfect. I mean, Charles Lee, he a defensive mind. He a defensive mind coach and that's exactly what we need, you know? Yeah. Charla, I feel like we was dead. Not dead last but 29th, you damn near dead lasting and defensive rating. So for sure. Yeah, he, we, we get that up. I feel like we in the middle of the packing then, plus our offense getting better, us turn the ball over a little bit less and then mellow coming back. You know, I feel like that, that pushes over the edge. But for me on the, on the money thing, I, I feel like if a show changes your mindset for sure you, you, you for sure going to like, just anything to win type shit. Yeah. Any role they want you to play. Well, in my case, you know, 'cause we got two young killers, we got mellow, we got B Mill.


So for me, I'm not saying I'm, I'm taking a backseat, but at the same time I know my role with the team. Yeah. And, and certain niggas, they don't, they don't, they don't get that bru. But I'm at the point in my career race, shit, I'm trying to make it to the playoffs. I still ain't made it to the playoffs yet. Oh yeah. I don't know. It is different for sure. And some people, when they get money, they, they just stop playing altogether, you know, they get satisfied. Yeah. Don't be him bro. Man, he Was cold Bro. That was, that was, that Was, he was cold but our nigga was for that chicken. Nah, but we trying to make the one that Was after the first bat, we tried second bag. I was like, alright, this is year 10. Like, okay, We outside.


No Kim will get the first bag. He was still trying, he was still Crossing on the stage. What I love Kimba. Kimball was playing hard. He was snatch back in knee to the ground, fade away, step back. He Got Jack right? I What? He got the Wire? He right. No you listen, he got the one 50. You can ease up a little jt. Shoot that. Go ahead do your thing. jt, JB go crazy about killing, you know? I mean you some, a little Billy get rid. Nah, but Bro, you, you was able to win though a lot, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Since you was in the league. So bro trying to, he trying to tap into that, you know what I Saying? Nah, I'm saying but he still on. He just, this is after his rookie year. He, how old are you and not the 26. Oh you see he's still young so you know he got a couple years and then he get to that 29, 30, it's time to reup. So you in that stage where you gotta win, you want to win for the rest of your career. That longevity so. Right, right. And for sure in the city like Charlotte, they got a great fan base like that already. Y game are already super exciting. Y'all get to the playoffs, that shit gonna really be up the city already fucking with y'all. Heavy It for sure. I, I wanna see that playoff environment in Charlotte. 'cause you know I watched the D Wade when he, when he went up against the dude and Charlotte and all that shit. And I seen them with even like with the Panthers, it's popping out for that. So I, I want us to The Panthers now all don't you worry y'all will be the only team in Charlie going to fall season.


Panthers are fil give. I hope. I hope they all right but my Lions my team so I ain't even worried about that. Don't the Panthers ain't all right. They, they a heartbeat The Lions boy. You had a lot of long Thanksgiving. That's what I'm, I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. So yeah That's y'all back shit outta us. Last Sunday I was like got y'all back. Yeah y beat the sleeves off us. Cowboys fucking suck. Y'all gotta get, y'all gotta get rid of some People. They gotta get rid of the owner Jerry Wilder to sell the team. Yeah, a jury said that about Buddy at practice about eight inches man Bugging. And what's crazy is Jamie Foxx was really like fucking with that conversation man Doing bro.


Lemme find out you got cameras here while I'm shine Crazy. He just showed up. He got one nigga. What? He's outta pocket bro. I'm so glad they lose. That's crazy bro. Jerry don't care about he about that bread at t State up saved. Come on, feel up bro. It's popping. Breading Them inches man. Nah I know. That's good to see the Detroit Lions back bro. I know y'all still happy about that Bro. Yeah for sure. But now we gotta get the hornets back to where they supposed to be. Yeah. Last time y made to the playoffs win. What Kimba was there? 20 4K had that bitch lit. I ain go lie. Nah for sure. Yeah they played LeBron didn't they? Nah they played D it was just D Wade there. Oh. Oh that was the, that the basic shit.


It had to be wasn't a playoffs when LeBron looked at the bench. Oh he just did that on gp. My fault, my fault, my fault. A bunch of bullshit to be to. Don't worry about I pushed that nigga up. I wasn't you. I pushed that nigga fuck it. He was beating my, I ain't never, I played LeBron in the playoffs I think three times. I've never won a game. I pee. Yeah LeBron, I been on you y'all in the Raptors? Yeah. Check that nigga in the stands. I'm on that. I watch that fan Too. That Nigga, that nigga knocked up with popcorn, beers all type of shit. She said that nigga fan up. Yeah I was fed up. Kick you outta there right there. Yeah I was, I was out the league.


You almost banned me black. I had a car. I had a car and get some shit. Straight black trucks. I think I'm about to sign with Clutch. I think I'm sign with Clutch. My niggas about to be a LeBron Soldiers. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think we sound with Clutch. I'm trying get, trying To get it right. Who's one of your more tougher matchups in the league today? It's lot right now. Just give us two. You just give us two Sha sha shay tough to guard. Damn. Shay tough to guard for sure. Probably Joelle man You guard Joelle and BI have before. Yeah See they Tapped into that Flint. Charles You need this job because ain't no way fucking they Tapped In.


I'm supposed to be guarding fucking at Six four Center. Shit lives forever. Nigga Guard Joel To go back to my roots man Guard Joel. We need Flint Bridges Beat is crazy. That Is crazy bro. Working out for me. We was tough. Why? Hold on. Why were you guarding Embiid? Our big man, both of our big man got into foul trouble. You know how I'd be doing a little sweep? Yeah, yeah. Head fakes, foul merchant. Both niggas got four foul but third quarter got me at five. This was before we got Grant big ass so. Oh Y'all know my man Grant. Oh good. Gr Gr would've did a way better job on on him than me.


Me Here Gr still out pocket on Joel though bro. No Joelle, he doesn't deserve a card job. He got pocket. Come on Kimba Coach. Walker coach. How you coach Coach Real coach coach Ca that can't be the game. Not Grant anybody but Greg. I love Grant. Big head got me shout the big head. You guys send a double it. You did. You go on straight up? Nah, they send a double one. I about To say outta Park but he was, he was grabbing that bitch in the middle of the, of the floor at the free throw line.


Jab Stepping doing his little shit. Well we know that's not your matchup so Yeah that your matchup you. Who is Luca, your matchup? Shay and Luca. I'll say that. Shay and Lu. Yeah They got it Some amazing stuff. What's the difference between Gardener too? Shay? He, I don't know people, well people don't know about Luca. Lucas strong as hell. Oh my. Wow. So he'll push you up. He'll hit a fade and he got, and he got some moves too. But Shay, he just, he got bag work, straight bag work. And he got any, anytime you cut him off he got, he got moves. Man I'm putting you on the spot Mouse. Who's the easier guard? Oh damn.


Don't do that. He got match. Oh I'm saying I got match up with these. I'll match up with these guys. Nigga don't clip that up. Be like yeah man. I'll say, I'll say, I'll say Luca 'cause sometimes Luca take the day off on certain matchups. Like if he don't feel like playing that day, you know he'll get that bitch to re redo your thing. Go get 40. That's the luxury he got that he straight to It. Every that. Yeah, I got respect. I Say that but they both tough covers man. I ain't gonna let, I ain't gonna let him get you. No, nah, Nah, nah. He wasn't saying it like take a day like shit, he got nigga, ain't nobody else got Kyrie on the other end to say, bro, do your thing. Yeah, that's a very good luxury to have for sure. So yeah, I get it. I I was shocked to hear, you know I say bro though, LeBron, I be taking days off sometimes he don't feel like playing.


Man. Every time I play against bro though, it's like he like, ah man it's the hornets chill. But he not gonna be able to do that this year man. We going, we gonna be on our shit this year man. Nah, facts. Y'all going so run down on the niggas in la. Yeah, la Yeah, it's gonna be a good time. I'm always with the good times, but nah, I'm like, you know we're not gonna take too much more of your time, but I'm, I'm hype for you for I'm excited for y'all season. I'm happy you got the deal too. Your hornet's gonna be, they gonna be something to, we working with like B Miller man. He was one of my, when I used to scout. Mm. I didn't go to many, many games but I, I seen him play.


You spoke all him too. I was talking about I on I, I thought he was special. I remember the, Not to toot his horn or nothing, but when I seen him he had a scrimmage game. He had 30 in a preseason scrimmage game and I watched it and I was like, people weren't talking much about him. I'm like, hey, a kid from Alabama man I think might be the best player we not talking about. And they was like, oh yeah he can play, he can play. He said he can play. I'm like, no, I think he might be the best player in the draft. And they were like, shit, you know what I mean? People shit, shit, shit. Then the year goes on, all of a sudden he's shit a top five pick. It is like damn, I know I got an eye for something.


So when I see y'all I'm like yeah, y'all got a lot of potential to be a really special team and Charles Lee and my guy. So I'm excited for y'all and hopefully y'all do good. This shit. Yeah. Who shot the bitch bro? Drop another tape bro. I might drop a deluxe. You never know. Oh, you gotta tell the people too, bro. What's RTB mean? Just a couple different meanings but just the, the main meaning real trench baby earth. You do receive the blessings. Read the Bible Real trench back. Read the Bible is cool. Shout out the cref down. What I'm saying real but not real. I need that merge bro's. Now that's gotta be the with cref. Yeah, real trench baby. Yeah, I like that.


But we appreciate you for coming on bro. Thank you. Appreciate facts bro. This was a good time man. Good luck. Good season man. Shout on the hor. I been rock with y'all for a while. We locked in baby. Yo. Favorite team. Hey, you know what I'm saying? We locked in Texas ain't fucking with you no more. Nah, nah. You know what I'm saying? It's still love. Be here to tell people they can grab some merch. Shop club five twenty.com baby we out this bitch we out.


The Volume, Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story behind the Rumble in the Jungle is like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam mc, Kiba, all the biggest Slack artists that on the planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali, foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Stick to sports. Shut up and dribble despite what some people believe sports and politics have mixed from the beginning. Now you have a podcast that isn't afraid to explore the complicated relationship between sports and politics with a new podcast called Politics With Me, Jemele Hill. I'll be discussing political, social, and economic issues through the lens of sports with some of the biggest names and smartest people. So here's the assignment. Listen Topos on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast. Let's get political.


What's up everybody? It's Peter Schrager. We're back for the season with Peter Schrager. In each episode of this season, I'm gonna empty my proverbial notebook and take you inside and behind the scenes on the conversations that happen at the highest levels of NFL franchises. You see, you'll be in the front office of an NFL team one week, but the next week you're gonna be at a bar elbow to elbow with some of your favorite celebrities laughing about football like Kansas City Chiefs fan. Paul Rudd. By the way, can I just point out how much I like the music of this podcast? It's awesome. Incredible. Very good. It's very kinda like a funky beat. Listen to the season with Peter Schriner on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry, Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People Are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


Hey everyone, it's Katie Keurig. Well, the election is in the home stretch right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question, I'm bringing in some foks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B and Charlemagne, the God we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that what democracy is all about? Check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.