
This is an iHeart podcast.


The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here, and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments, and draw dropping plays. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get $200 instantly in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text Hope NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and resort in Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, c dk eng.co/audio.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


The NBC Nightly News legacy isn't handed down. Or NBC News. I'm Tom Broca. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there. Force firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


You mentioned early, oh, you are a flight attendant. How do you, how did you become a flight attendant? You needed money. That bad Jay. First of all, you ain't gonna try to say that being a flight attendant didn't pay. I Said it. Yeah, that's What I'm saying. I got paid. Yes, I got paid. I was still stealing headset money. I got paid. Oh Lord. That mercy. So you had pulled 'em out of businesses. I had a whole flight crew. All of us called Nestle. We had one white girl. We called her Nestle's White Chocolate. We had a all black crew. All that headset money. Liquor money. Yeah. That's why they make you pay for credit card. Now. Ain't no more cash.


People's Express. People's Express. So stupid. They were having people pay. Why when they got on the plane, cash and they had a little credit card shit, but they were paying cash, getting on the, that's why they went outta business. They open on money with clothes on Friday. But we had a, we, we, we, You know, we all, we have, we've all done things, man, back in our day. It's just that people, when you get to a point in your life, man, where you can talk about everything. Right. You can talk. I'm not trying to hurt nobody. I'm trying to have an open, honest, deep conversation. Doesn't have to be deep, but it can be.


As a flight attendant, what's proper etiquette? Okay. In the middle seat. Who gets the arm rest? Because I ain't My, That's a good question. I, I'm in the middle. I'm getting the arm rush because you already got me sitting woman. Okay. I'm already sitting. We in the book. My Legs is, my legs is already in like this and my feet is out. You think I ain't gonna spread these wings right here? And then look at you funny. What you looking at? What you looking at? And then if there's somebody beside you making moves, shut up. No, I, these arms right here? No, the one in the middle's gonna get that arm breast.


Okay. Because it's, It's not, this ain't cool. Well, I read the stat. They said like, I think it's like 60% of the people won't recline their chair outta respect for the person that's behind them. Who? Who said that? I read a stat that say 60. No, you couldn't read a sta Yeah. See 60%. No, they don't, they That was in toys or us when you read that. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Was that in the Dollar Tree store? Because you do be reading. Yeah, I do. Yeah. So is It, and that's a complete fabrication. It Is. That's a lie. Everybody lay down. That's A lie. Yeah. I would say 90%. I mean, I go, I lay down. I mean, I look back like make sure I, You know, I was just, Of course you don't do that, but there's a lot of people that do that.


Yeah. This lady today did her thing all the way back like this and went like this again. I, I hit, come on. I did, I hit the front of it. I hit the front of it to let her know I'm back here, Lord Mercy. Oh. So well, lemme ask you, were you in the main cabin or you in first? Because I, I, I've talked to flight attendant and they say they like to make, I was in the, as a f as a flight attendant. Yes. I was always a first class flight attendant. They say they like being in the main cabin because the people in first sometimes are a little bit demanding and they just keep ringing the call. Can I have this, can I get that? Can I get this? Can I get this? Okay. First of all, nowadays everybody's lazy.


You have to realize when I flew, I flew what was called the eight 300 Airbus seats 272. The Garda seats 262, I think mine seated 272. Okay. You had a first class of 24, right? 24. Now one, two, and three. Right? Then you had a, you had a pub like the seven 47th. Yeah, there was a pub right there. I either did the pub or did first class. Right. Then you got the coach and there's six bathrooms back there. Yeah. We call the main cabin. We don't want to Get nobody here. The what? Main cabin coach. You know? So, So there you go, man.


See, it's the main cabin. See? Yo, We changing words again. Okay. Main cabin. Yeah, Main cabin. So anyway, I had a passenger one time. I was doing the first class service back when I was first class. It was first class You served Chateau Brion? Yeah. Egg benedict. You did the Laur tray? Yeah. It was nice hot food. And the grandier dessert tray with the ice cream. Yes. All that. Yes. Yes. I, I complete serve, I won fly attendant of the year like three times. I was that good. How the hell? Plus I can cook.


You won. Cook it on the plane. The food is already put It in oven. I made, I made it look like it was cooked. You do realize you just put it in the oven. Jake. I made it look like, no, that bull crap. You don't just put the f some stuff you gotta put it is gonna come out dry. Make sure the food wasn't dry. Or you put a little water on the Huh? You put a Little water. If I have to spice it up a little bit. I was into that. Lemme Tell you something. First class person, their child was running around. I told him, I said, sir, I'm getting ready to do a service. I'm gonna need you to have your children sit down. Right. Old Jewish guy wasn't old, but I'm saying Jewish guy. He went just like this. Put his finger right here in my nose.


Well, because I bent down like that. He said, you're just a sermon. Oh Lord. How many, how many, how, how, how many days did you get suspended? Hey, let's put it this way. I had to put out some applications. They made an emergency landing. Huh? They made an emergency landing. You fired on Him? I knocked him out. Mm. One hit a quitter. Jay One hit a quitter. Mm. How many it is? Oh lord. At mercy. You in the wrong, you in the wrong judge. One hit a quitter.


You know. Good. Well, you can't beat You got the passenger's always right, Jay? Yeah. He, he was right, right up. I knocked him out. They made an emergency landing. You get Arrested? No, the paramedics came on, but they were gonna arrest him. I got pulled off at the flight. Oh. I got suspended. I was gone for 30 days. Yeah. I figured, I I know you had, I Figured that 30 days. Yeah. Yeah. I figured that White voice high. I, I I was going for 30 days. Damn. Then when I finally got fired, You know why I got fired?


'cause I was sick. Had the flu. You sure you ain't got that thing you sniffing and stuff a lot, bro. Yeah. It's my son tonight. Me drink some this. So I already, I I'm good. I got, I got, I got another shoulder Tonight. Is this one open? You know, that's for you. Can I buy? No. Is it? Yeah, it is. Speaking of that boy, my stuff. I got you. Yeah. I have to show it to you. Yeah, we, we do it. Okay. But wait, but lemme finish though. I'm gonna tell, I want you to tell the, tell the rest of the story. The reason I got fired. Yes. I got extremely sick. We were going from Newark, New Jersey from, excuse me, from Denver, Colorado to Newark, New Jersey. Okay. We held at the gate for four hours.


'cause it was snowing and they wouldn't release us. We went out on the tar mat. They got ready for the runway, thought we was gonna take off. They brought us back in. I was already sick. I told the captain I had the flu. I took a whole thing of NyQuil. He said, well, just sit on the jump seat and just relax. I fell asleep on the jump seat. Automatic termination. Mm. When they went to him to ask him, he said he didn't know nothing about it. Wow.


But his girlfriend was the lead flight attendant. Mm. That I didn't like. Why am I not surprised? And I got, and they fired me. Then about four or five months later, no, six months later, I get a letter From Them stating that they wanted to reinstate me. You know what I did? I put my butt and my balls up on a Xerox machine. This man outta my head took a, took a picture of it. Yeah.


Had to have that snake up top though. But took a picture and then mailed it to him and just put kiss my Yeah. You coulda went back, got the job. You coulda got benefits. You think I, you think I wanted to go back after that? You fly the flight attendant fighting on the plane. Normally the flight, flight attendant, I'm not To, I'm out to poking me in projects outta Miami, Florida. I Know you can take Me out. You can take me outta the project, but you can't take the project outta me. But you was on the flight that had a bomb threat Called in 2D. Oh, that one. You know how we do it, man.


They called and said there's a bomb. Okay. First we doing the service. I'm the lead flight attendant. Yeah. The captain comes up, makes an announcement, gonna have all flight attendants to the mid galley, all flight attendants to the mid galley police. We go to the mid galley. He said, oh, arna, I need you to kind of make sure nobody comes up here. And I'm like, I'm the lead, but it is all white crew. Okay. I know. I didn't tell me. Right. So he called him into the cockpit. But not you. No. And you the lead though? I'm the lead. Okay. I'm supposed to get the information. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sitting out. All of a sudden, one of the flight then comes out, has a blank look on her face to the blank.


I'm like, what? I'm like, we just don't say Becky. Becky, what, what? What's wrong? And it's just, Kevin just said, we just need to just do our service. I was like, you can't do that for the black people. Because I'm like, okay, but what, what's wrong now? She goes, it's cool. And everything I wanted to say, bitch. I said, when when we do this that ring, the headache started to come. Right. I said, okay, just tell me what's going on. Huh? Just tell me what's happening. Finally came out and told me there's a bomb threat. Do we have a bomb?


The plane? Please tell me you don't Get on the microphone. This man done. Jay, listen Jay, time out. That's why they let You know. I didn't get on the microphone like that. But I thought, I said I should have took this goddamn flight. I knew it. I knew this bull. I knew it was going to happen. I knew it. So a couple pastors came up and said, Hey, tell me what's going on. And then a couple of 'em just kept coming up. Hey, can you tell what's going on? I got on the mic. Then listen, we have a situation. We don't know what's going on yet. So I don't need you to come up here and ask me what's, but I was saying it with authority.


I don't need you to ask me what's going on. Well, at least you didn't say bomb. It scared anybody. No, I, I know they were, they might've arrested me if I said that. So when we landed in Denver, we get in Denver, Colorado. They made, they took our plane all the way out to the field by itself. So we could blow up by itself. Yo, the fire trucks would even come. The fire trucks would not even come. They were there, but they wouldn't get near us. Right. They let down all the slides. I'm supposed you supposed to be last.


No, I'm supposed to be at the front door now. Yeah, the front door. That's where the lead goes. Yeah. And we're supposed to say, these exits are blocked. We need everybody to come this way. In or out. In or out. Right. Captain says, Arna, I need you to go to the back and make sure that everything. I said, wait, wait. Whoa, whoa. Wait. They said I'm the lead aez. I need you to go back in case You know, in case anything happened. You know you're supposed to be lasting off the plane. That's what he said. Yes. That's why when you said that, it triggered me. I didn't have that manual. But in my brain I was going. Yeah. Tell me where it says on SJ supposed to be lasting off the plane.


Yeah. So I go to the back, I follow directions. They had two of the other flight attendants up front. This lady with a walker. This wife said, I don't like stealing. Mm. This lady with a walker, this lady with a walker pulled down the walker. I mean, somebody else got the walker. Right. First of all, this one lady trying to reach and get her purse. Come on. I said, ma'am, come on. Come on. Wait, I'm trying to get my purse. I said, if you don't bring your ass on down. Says, I glad I said it move. That's not what I said. Yeah, That was worse.


But We're in a panic moment. Yeah. Then there's, somebody helped this lady get a walker down. So I'm buying the lady, You know I'm antsy. Yeah. Play ball play. You need to walk along fast. I'm like, ma'am, come on ma'am. Please, please walk. Ma'am, you okay? Yeah. Don't turn around. Just keep walking. Finally, I just kind of nudged her like that. And the walker kind of slipped and she fell over. I did this on, I didn't do this, but I said, you done lived your life. Let me live mine. But I got her off. Got we got off. Yeah.


I get called into the supervisor's office. Damn. You Stayed in a Supervisor's office? Yeah. Yeah, I did. I don't think that job was for you. It wasn't, it was a point in my life. They asked me did I push an old lady down in the walker. I said, first of all, we all say, what's the problem? I was helping her and she slipped. Well, she told on you. She ded you out. No, she didn't die. Well, she did, but she didn't. Okay. Guess who that lady in the walker was, Please?


I have No idea. One of the supervisor's mom. Oh, Hmm. God had it out for me. Yeah. He said, it's about time you move on. Yeah. Dude came in there and I was outside. You know how white guys talk? It was my mother, But she's alive. Yes. I helped say I helped her. Yes. Why you being so evil? It was my T mother. Wow. Jay, you going to stop that Jay? So that, so after that, that was It. Yeah. That's where I was gone.


Okay. So now, okay. You Were the fly to No, but they were gone. I was, no, I was gone Because of the NyQuil. Yeah. And the captain lying saying that he didn't know anything about it. That I never told him. Nothing like that. Oh Lord. How did you get to the comedy stage? Because a first class passenger told me I need to be doing comedy. He told me that flying on this aircraft, flying these planes was a waste of me. First class passenger told me that. He said, I've never seen nobody this funny on a plane before. 'cause I was always cracking jokes. Doing, just doing stupid stuff. Changing, changing my voice.


We go to, we, like, we, we, we go to Texas, we fly into Texas. I go, ladies and jam. Thank y'all for flying on Continental Airline. Flight number 1485. Tell you what, sit down, kick your boots up, strap themselves in. 'cause it's gonna be one of them nice rides. Not a rough one, but a nice one. Just strap yourself in. We want you to enjoy yourself. And if you see a nice girl beside you, say hello. So I would do that. We go to San Francisco, ladies and gentlemen. Oh my God, thank you so much. Thank you so much for flying Continental Flight number 7 85 and going to the beautiful city of San F. It's gone.


Well, it just depend on where we went. Where we going? Yeah. Yeah. It did depend on where we going. If we went, yeah, we went to Japan. I would've killed that one. Yeah. Yeah. I've killed that one. But Did You know you could do comedy? So you just went to an Open mic? No, I, I went to a place in Denver, Colorado called Comedy Works. Okay. Still up running now. Guess who I see first time? Who? A comedian by the name of Robert Townsend. Wow. But he wasn't there to do a show. I was up on the, the, the comedy night. I mean the amateur night open mic. Right. He was there filming a movie called the American Flyer.


Had on pair of white, had on green, green top white pants. Had his arm in his sling. His arm was broke. He had, he had a broken arm because he had fell on the bike, learned how to ride. But it was, he was doing a movie. I think it was his first movie. And that's where I met him and seen him. And he, today, he didn't remember that. But see, I remember, wow. And that's what gave me more inspiration to do what I do than, and I used to go to movies by myself. He did a movie called Hollywood Shuffle Shuffle. That movie was going against Ishtar. Anybody remember a movie Ishtar with Dustin Hoffman? They spent $40 million on Ishtar.


Robert Townsend spent 40,000 from credit cards to do Hollywood Shuffle. But the movie made three or 4 million, lost their ass. So that's what kicked it off of him. But that's first person, professional person. I had seen doing comedy and I had listened. I wasn't one of those ones that listened to Richard Pryor all the time. Right. I wasn't one of those. 'cause I was the physical committee. Right. I loved Flip Wilson. I even listen to Gerald Variety. Yeah, yeah. Morgan and Mindy. Yes. Robin Williams. No, no, no, no. I used to, So that's like, that's like what they call a physical comedy.


Jim Carrey is a physical comedy Used to love Jim Carrey's physical com comedy carnet show. Oh my God. Yes. Cabernet shows the, The funniest episode. Her and Tim Conway was Her. No, the funniest episode. Which one? Tim Conway. Who's the other one? Harvey. Harvey Corman. And Tim. And Tim Conway. Conway. The dentist office. The dentist office. When, when the, the dentist was Tim Conway. Harvey Corman was sitting in the chair. Chair. He took that needle Novocaine and said, we're just gonna, and it stuck himself.


Then he hit himself in the leg, caught himself in the head. One time, Harvey Corn was laughing so hard. He could barely, he couldn't even finish it. He was laughing so hard. That was the best scene. So when that scene, when that was done, that was my inspiration. Right. To do what I do. Gerald D was Gerald Dwell. Yeah. I even used to watch Red Skelton and he was too old back then. And I found tapes. I was watching Red Skelton. Red Skelton. And remember I said I didn't, I didn't watch comedians. I stopped watching comedians kind of like after Martin, because I loved Martin back in the day.


Tommy Davidson loved him. Yeah. He in Philly. Yep. Martin Tommy Davidson. And I came up with, bless you. I came up with Jamie Foxen. Yes. We used to form a place called the Comedy Act Theater. They were in it before me. Right. But I was one of those Nubians that came in. Once again, I wasn't in that clique. Right. And a lot of times in this business, a lot of people in the clique. I mean, I, I know fans know that, but I just, I don't believe in that. Wow. I just don't. How did Def Comedy Jam? Wow. Let's go to Comic View. 'cause you was the host of Comic View Yeah. For two years. Yeah. Cheryl Underwood was the host.


Bruce Bruce was a host. DL was A host. And they all did great Jobs. And who else said the entertainer was a host? Yeah. Did you get any advice or did you just like, Hey, they did their thing. I'm gonna do my thing. No, I didn't. I didn't get no advice. You didn't want no advice. You didn't ask for any advice. You didn't seek out any advice? I don't think a lot of people didn't know how to advise me. Okay. 'cause my comedy so different. I don't know how to, I'm I'm that storyteller, but Right. I, I act it out. Right. So how can you advise something like that? Right. Even a lot of times when we were doing the show Right. Nothing was scripted.


I had a thought in my head and I said, this is what we're gonna do. Wow. Like when I brought my roller skates out there, they didn't know I was gonna do that. I said, go buy me a pair of roller skate. I need a pair of roller skates. Size nine. Need a pair of roller skates. They saw me. I loosened the trucks on 'em. Yeah. Put the, took the shoes. Took the tow stops off. Why you taking the tow stops off? How you gonna stop? Don't worry about that. I'm not, don't worry about it Though. Yeah. That's why I give all, I give people like Usher. Yeah. Give him big props. He can't out skim me, but I give him props. Hold on. Mercy. Name the play son. You owned the episode with Bernie Mac when he said, I ain't scared of you more. I Was, that was his day to be born.


You understand what I'm saying? That was Bernie's day to be born. That one right there. Yeah. That's not the one you played with On that, on That stage. Right. Bernie was like, that Burn. Bernie was one of the few that made me do this. Mm. Okay. All right. It was game time. You, you really had To get Yeah, bring it in. Bring it in. Bring it in. Yep. Bernie was one of those one. You go behind him, you come and stage. Oh, you straight become gay. Be like, You know, that wasn't even right. What he did that I was bad.


Oh my God. Did you See him? Yeah. He was right. Bernie was But you on, on Def Comedy Jam. You was on with Steve. You had Yeah, Jamie Fox, Martin Lawrence. You had some heavyweights in you. But I wasn't the heavy waiter. I just did who I was. Right. I just did who I was. Do you, do you think, do you think back and, and, and realize Def Comedy Jam Comic View, did you realize what you were a part of while you were a part of it? Do you look back now like, damn. No.


Really, I don't. Why, maybe 'cause who I am is I look at things was, it was a stepping stone. And I don't feel like a lot of times, that's a good question. I don't feel like a lot of times I added to the greatness of what these shows were. Mm. I was just performing that. How are You able to be so honest with yourself? Because a lot of people like, yeah man, hey, I was there and that was great time, blah, blah, blah. But you're able to have an honest conversation with yourself. It's like, yes, I was there, but I'm not so sure that I added anything to it. You wanna know the real to without it sounding almost cliche.


Yeah. I'm very much scared of God and I always think, Lord, how long you gonna let me have this? Are you gonna snatch this from me? But you sustained me. You've made me, I think the way it seems get better. Right. I always appreciate who God is. 'cause I know He can snatch it from me. And You know, as well as I know. Yeah. How will he is. Yes. Now, whether you, whether, whether you succumb to him and tell him the truth. 'cause you can lie to me all day. I can lie to you all day.


You can't lie to him. He's all knowing, All knowing. So, and I think we have gotten away from, from God. We, we've gotten away from knowing the power of who he is and put everything into these computers and social media. That's our God. Now, that's not my God. My God is the same God when I was a kid. He's the same God. When I jumped off my mama's roof and a pair of girl animal underwear thinking I was Superman with a, with a, with a red cape on, which was a towel, jumped off her roof and tried to grab a tree branch and mist. And when I hit like them cartoons, how that dust come up.


Yeah. My mama still beat my ass. She made sure I was all right. Then she beat my ass. That's the God I serve. Wow. But I don't even, I don't even care if a church like I used to, 'cause the devil has stepped his foot in there. Oh. He stepped his foot in there and made people forget who God is. And I'm talking about the pastors. Wow. They forgot what their job is. They forgot that they're shepherds. We are the sheep lead us right now. I understand when God says, don't put your trust in man.


Don't believe in what man does. That's why I don't go to church now. And, and I'm mad at myself 'cause I don't go. Will I step in one? Yeah. I probably will. But example, when I say I'm a, I'm not the best person in the world. I'm not saying that. But I believe in what I believe. I used to go to church in Atlanta, Georgia. Dr. Charles Stanley. You familiar with that? I am used to go to his church. He was a teacher. You had to take your Bible into his church. I had a guide away from the traditional going to the black church, hearing the music.


But in my soul, that's what did it for me. But I kind of lost that urge for that. Right. You know, I kind of lost that. Now he's going to the church. My Lord will be there Forever. You, you, you didn't wanna be in church for five hours either. Oh my God. Yeah. But what turned me off, it was the last day that I walked into that church and went to church when a black woman in Charles Stanley's church stood up. He was preaching. God manifested in her. She started to shout and dance for Jesus.


This man said, Hey wait. Hey, you need to gotta have to calm down. You're kinda messing up my rhythm. Really Hand to God. When he said that, I said, let's go. I'm, I'm outta here. Just, no, I didn't say, let's go. I said this the last time I'll be coming to this church. Wow. King David danced for Jesus. That's a king. God wants you to dance for him. So what? And you had the nerve to say that this, this woman and a black woman that danced with Jesus shouted his name.


That was disturbing what you were doing. Like you couldn't go back to it or you didn't know how to handle that. Right. That was the last time I went to church. Wow. It affected me like that. Lemme ask you something since you're being honest. When Netflix had the 25th anniversary of Def Comedy Jail, There Were a lot of people that got invited back. Yep. You worked. No. How did that make you feel? I could have felt sorry for myself, but I looked at it as if Jesus said, you better not of all the things you got.


You better not. And then there was people that got invited that had never even been on Def Jam. I could have got upset. You could have For what? What good would it have done? It wasn't gonna change anything. It wasn't gonna bite you because you got upset. But yet they ran some of my Your clips. My clips. So if you gonna run my clips, I'm just asking what is the harm in asking me to come? Did somebody give you a word? Don't. Don't bring him. You see what I'm now you see where I'm going now. You think that happened? I'm not, I'm saying that it could've, I'm saying that I I would dang sure believe it if it did.


Mm. There's still people that carry a lot of salt in them. Really? You know, we done got more for that though though. Jay. You Think we got too old for it? But we haven't gotten too old for it. There's people that carry salt in their pockets. Damn. In this industry, there's so many funny people out here and there's so many people standing in their own way of victory. So Let me get, so there is a term that, that Kat used. He called gatekeepers. Is there such a Thing? Yes. Damnit. Yes.


They'd be blocking. There was a famous manager that ended up wanting to have a meeting with me, got me in his office, said, man, you could, you, you have what I'm looking for you. You are. That it? Because when I got, I'm gonna say this didn't go to that 'cause it goes together. I was only in comedy four months and there was over 500.


And some of our comedians out auditioned to do the So Showtime All Stars. I came in second in the Bay Area competition. Got a new management team, right, the 92. They said, you gotta go back home to Atlanta. I said, not right now. They said, we, we got something for you. They got it to where Showtime allowed me to be the last one up. Showtime to all stars. They had one slot left. When I was done, they came over and shook my hand and said, welcome to the showtime All stars. Don Rickles was the host. But I bet you, you look on there, you won't see me.


Here's why April chose to vaccinate her child. I think actually meeting someone who was not vaccinated and now has a lifelong struggle with a childhood disease really cemented for me that it's super important that we as parents continue to vaccinate our children. Talk to your pediatrician or visit y vaccines.com. Brought to you by Merck.


The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the high stakes drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, DraftKings Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they chase glory. All season long, DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40 or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app now Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers, new Draftking customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get $200 instantly in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. C dk nng.co/audio.


So we all made mistakes, right? But on it up to them, it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does. 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen. They admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one miss anti-man for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool. Rush for yourself.


You know who won that year? What? The year that I lost? Yeah. Ricky Harris. I mean, I thought Chris Tucker won. You. No, Ricky Harris. I I I He was he was a hometown boy. I mean he was. Yeah. Oh Lord. There you go. No, no, I'm just saying. I'm, I'm I'm just saying that. So Don Rickles. And so you Think you gonna be a part of the Bay Area All stars and No, the showtime all Showtime all stars. Excuse me. This is the big affair. Yeah. It had John Pani was on there. That's the one that did Alvin the Chipmunks and stuff. John Peretti and other comedians that were on there.


I was the baby. I was the young new one. I did myself. We did it at Cesar Palace. My wife and I were there. She was the only black woman, black person in that whole audience. Don Rick was looking at her and say, oh, oh, a black woman. Yeah, clean my room. Something like that. But she, she laughed in gesture. I did my set when it was over. 'cause they thought I was that next Eddie Murphy. Right. They thought I was gonna be that next enemy. 'cause I had gotten it. So I only been in comedy. Like I said, I don't, it wasn't, yeah, they gave me that. These comedians that have been in this business 17, 15 years, 12 years, and didn't get that, that, that road, that spot that I did when I was done.


I guess I wasn't, I guess I wasn't, I don't know, I wouldn't say white enough, but the audience was 60 and up. I was still a young buck. Right. Trying to go. And I did. I wasn't the worst. Right. I didn't do bad. I wasn't satisfied. But then they told me that I was gonna be edited out. That's why I said, you won't see me. Mm. Okay. Fine. You edit it out. You still gave me that 7,000 pay pay payday though. Did, Did You know who wanted you edited out? Do you ever find out who wanted you At that?


There's a brother that worked for them. At what? Showtime All Stars. Maybe they collaborated. I don't know. But he he did, he did the Clarence Thomas thing. But anyway, he, so when the show came on and they came to the end of it, said, I got a full book. I got so much of me that dude, we could be here for three days. When the show came on, they went to the end of the show, brought all the comedians back out. Right. Of course. In the editing, in the editing part. Guess who they didn't bring out you in the editing, but guess what you've seen They brought you out.


Nope. You ain't gonna believe me when I tell you, whoever you could see every comedian. And then at the end you saw a pair of shoes. My Reebok shoes and my white short socks with no body to it. You saw the shoes, You had socks. You had no black Reebok. Them three quarters. The Aerobic ones. No, I had those. That new one that came with the black bottom. The white top. Yeah. That's the one I had. The one I was wearing on Def Jam. And all you saw was those and a pair of socks. The ankles, but not the rest of the body. Like the invisible man. All the rest of the body was gone. Gone.


But you saw my shoes right there next to the next person. Was that your first time you realized that this was a dirty business? Yeah. Yeah. Did it change the way you looked at comedy? Did it to change the way you did business in comedy? Did it change you? What it did was make me say nobody ever do that to me again. I had some projects that I turned down, had some projects that I didn't get. But one thing I wasn't gonna do, nobody was gonna do that to me. Again, like I tell you, there's people in the business that want you to not succeed.


That's my motivation to keep pushing. And I only mean to get stronger and stronger to where I can't see myself. If God wills I go to, if I go to heaven, all them angels gonna fall out. Mm. This is what I do. I may not, I I don't really wanna, I don't really wanna be an actor anymore. Like I thought I did. Mm. A lot of people act then they become, I don't know, this is what I love. It's hard to get away from this, then come back to it.


Act like you, you play ball. You can't all of a sudden just go back thinking you going to run things. Right. It's different. Whole, Differently. That's why you can't stop doing it. Right. You gotta Keep, I heard Jay Leno say that Jay Leno said that even though he was doing other things, he was still touring. I hear Seinfeld said that, And Jay Leno was correct because Jay Leno, Jay Leno would do, I think it's Thursday night, we'd go to the comedy club and Mosa Osa Beach or whatever it's called, Mosa and, and do comedy there. They work your stuff out. Wow. You constantly gotta keep your motor running.


Don't sit it on idle. Every now and then you gotta hit that gas. You, you, you gotta do it. You just sitting, You were on the Monique show. What did the I heard what you said, Monique. Oh, you tell me when she talk, talk. Yeah. She, She in Savannah. She in Savannah. She would, no, she not now, but she was, but she still, You know, she got in your ass. Yeah, she did. She's still my girl. Well, She should have. She's still my girl. You my boy. But What is it that people get wrong about Mo? What is that? People get wrong about Moe. Yeah. I don't know what they get wrong because I really don't know what they get.


Right, Right. Okay. Because we all have our own individual thoughts. I would never make a queen feel que like, especially when they haven't done anything to me. Right. I may see something I don't like. And, and if you ask me about it, I'm gonna tell you about it. But we don't sleep with this woman. We don't know what transpires on the phone calls she was on and we damn sure wasn't there when she was in the office making these deals. Maybe, maybe she has a reason.


Maybe she going too far. Who know? I don't know. Right. That's not my job. You know why? Right. Because what good is to be my job? What am I gonna do? What's it gonna do for me? Right. Am I her psychiatrist? Nope. Not a manager. Not a agent, not a lawyer. I'm somebody that she knows very well. That's it. Is it true Kat gave you money for your brother? Kat did something for my brother that, that nobody where I will always hold the highest respect for him.


And I didn't even know he did it. Wow. I found out, I keep hearing these stories. Ms. Pat told a story about how he, her father had passed and she was the only, You know, cat signed me, had her on a tour. He said, look, go home. Gave her the money. Go home, bury your dad when you better come back. Gary Owen tells a story. I'm hearing you tell a story. There's so many people that have told stories about Kat. What is it that other people are, what are, what are, what are people missing? Because I've heard more great stories about his generosity and how he's, he sincerely and genuinely wants the best.


But then I hear other people try to bash him. Now, who are the people that are bashing? I, I don't want to get know Either. No, no, no. Meaning who are the people that are bashing him? Why They are bashing him. Oh. So what's the reason? Yeah. Behind it. Yeah. I don't know. Because see you on that circuit, even though you might, like I said, like when it comes to like, when it comes to like football, when I play, I I, You know, you hear Yeah. Like, like what's going on? Okay. This is going on with that team and so, so forth and so on. Yeah. You so you hear certain things. Now I'm in the media, You know, like you hear certain things. Yeah. So you would be probably better person to ask. Like I said, I've gotten to know him over the last year and a half, probably a, a lot differently than a lot of people have.


I find him very engaging. Red. He's thoughtful. I don't think he says anything just off the cuff. I don't, I think he's like, when he came on the show, Jay, everybody he had talked. He had, he watches every episode I call him now. Yeah. You had such and such. But he had watched every person that had been on there and he spoke about, he knew everything they said verbatim. And when I invited him on, I, You know, I, Hey, he, I, I know who CAD is and he just, just wanted to talk.


I will just because of what he did for my brother. There's nothing you could ever tell me wrong about this man. Wow. Just because of what he did and I didn't know about it. Yes. That was a quiet superman moment. Mm. So whatever he has done, if it's truth and he talked about the truth and then that truth holds merit to be evil, what are you mad at?


Unless you wanna be evil too. Unless you appreciate evilness. Mm. It ain't about the code of, well We comedians, we don't air our laundry. Things like, because that, I got a lot of that. Of course man, you No, you, hey, if you got a problem with say, man, you got a problem with Jay, go talk to Jay. If you got a problem with Rodney, go talk to Rodney. If you got a problem with Jordan, go talk to Jordan. Man. I'm that way. Why do you have to air out the dirty laundry? I'm that same way. I feel that you don't have to air it out. Right. But if you do air it out, Just tell the truth Ain't got my name in it. Right. Because I ain't out there doing it. It ain't got my name in it right now, if it got somebody that I know and I like, I'm still going no one like that person until I find out something different.


Right. Okay. Okay. Just because you say what you say, don't mean I'm gonna stop liking this person. I'm going to decide whether I like this person for me, Based on my interaction with said individual And some of my research. Right. Like when you was on with Skip Bayless. Yes. I don't know that man, but I know good and well how he is. I could smell his undergarment. He ain't, he's not true. And you could sit up there and say, dog, I don't wanna talk about it. I got you. Right. But I know, okay. I smell people and there's somebody who you do like, who I don't really care for.


Oh Lord. But that ain't but that ain't for you to, to, and that's only because of an experience. Right. And they might not even remember it. See, the problem is I do. Yeah. And sometimes you letting your skirt show, but I want nothing but great for you. Right. Skip. I want nothing but great for him. But Skip got, he got some nastiness in him. He do I Take your word for it? No, you ain't gotta tell my word. You know You did a, a, a charity show for Sinbad U dl, LaBelle Earthquake. Bruce. Bruce. Man, I Forgot about that.


That damn quick. That show I did, we did a charity show. You did Raise money for his medical. He Invest one of the funniest brothers that I know. See what a lot of people don't know. I don't even know if I should say this, but You should. Besides just doing the charity show. I wrote a large check to his family and said this is yours. Gave it to his brother Mark. Despite what you say about me, I know what I, what I do and what I want to do when I wanna do it.


I wrote a 40,000 check. There you go. If I gotta think about, if that what I should have done, then I don't need to write it. Correct. I did it because this brother needed it. This is a good brother who needed it, who this could help. I thought, I'm so glad we did that show for him. Everybody on that show was funny. Yeah. They did their thing. People do what they wanna do when they wanna do it. Shannon. Yes. They do what they wanna do when they want to do it.


They do what's important to 'em or what they feel is important to 'em might not I important but Right. Might, You know, it's what they feel Acting You did a lot. You just say you don't have the, the, the taste or the lust to act now. But you did. I mean, I I Think you played Eazy-E in a, in a video. Wow. Where'd you get that? You played Zel tried to play. You Got, you got some rats in your pocket. What's up? God. Yeah. That was me. That was not AJ Johnson. AJ played what's gonna try to play Suge, right? No.


Who's gonna play Suge? I Well no, AJ Johnson was playing AJ Zel from Friday. I don't know. No, No, no, no. Okay. AJ is Zel. We're talking about Zy e video. Yes. You with Zy. Right. But everybody thought that was AJ Johnson. Okay. AJ's the one that called me and said he got this for me. Okay. Would I do it right? I said Yeah, because Suge told him he couldn't do It. He couldn't do it. Oh. So he couldn't play that role. So he turned it over to you. Okay. Knowing the next person. And, and, and since we talking about, like I said, the track when we were filming, You know, they were chasing me.


Yeah. They told me to slow down. They told me to slow down. They can't keep up. I was trotting. What did I say about that one? Man? You swear I was trotting. You swear you was a, you ain't boat. I don't know about, I don't know about a boat, but I know it was a screw. You went on tour with Prince. What was that like? That was one of the most wide open moments I had ever had in my life. Really. First of all, I didn't believe it was him.


Why? Who, who am I I'm a comedian. Right? You are a jargon Nutt. You are a jargon Nutt. Yeah. You are an Iconic performer. He, him, he that him, him. That's what we call groupers. He that him him. Yeah. This man flew me out to open up for him. When I went to rehearsal. I was the only one in the rehearsal. I met Larry Graham Or one of the media. Larry Graham. Yeah, Larry Graham was on tour. Larry Graham was his mentor. You you what? How I knew that. Huh? Yeah.


One In million. Hey, you didn't, you weren't there when he made that song. Don't, don't Do that. I had be, there was 79. What, what year was that when you made that song? Let's go in 79. Just call. Oh, I know the song. So what, what, what year was you, did you go out on tour of Prince with the eight late with the late eighties, early nineties? No, no, No, no, no, no, no. That was 90, that was after I played with the Globetrotters. So that was Oh, that was be, what was that before? Dang. Don't do that Jay. Don't do what? Don't do that. Don't do what? I didn't play with the Globe Trotters. You. You sure Do You have it in your little, your little notepad?


See, lemme see. Yeah, I Do. Okay. So am I magician? Did I just throw it in there? You play with the globe Trotters right here? I sure did. Okay. What, so who your game, you, your an your game like Jordan, ant man, Shay, Steph, LeBron Colby. No, no. My, my game is like Tamika. No, I, I had a little bit of handles. Yeah. I got speed. I got speed and I can play defense. I now, I mean I can shoot it, I can, I can pop that three All day long. Now he's still curry.


Not quite. Yeah. Yeah, I was about to say that. But yeah, I play, I played with Sweet Lou Dunbar. Yeah. Right before he retired. Wow. Okay. So that was nine six I think. Yeah. Right before he retired. And, but I remember one time that boy, he was in the locker room. You know how you open your locker? Yeah. And see the other locker. Nigga open that locker. He was butt naked. Just looked like a silverback All back and cracked. I'm like, oh. Oh. And they were laughing. They behind now. Nigga going, he gonna put his foot up. Hey man, hey, hey, hey, hey. I see That. I Gotta see that. Hey bro. Oh bro. But he is was the most fun loving dude.


Right. A train I played with Orlando. Antigua. Orlando. Antigua was the first Puerto Rican player that they hired that played out a pit. Okay. Orlando, Antigua. Nice dude. You say you don't bother audience, do you like if they try to start, start heckling. I don't really get that. You don't Get that? Not really. Very, very. What if somebody ran up on stage on you? Huh? We interrupt this programming Bulletin. Huh? When somebody ran on stage on what you gonna do?


Assess the situation. You would asked somebody run up on stage on I did things. Okay. I'm not proud of everything I did. I've asked you a question. So you had somebody run up on stage, on you. What you do? Tripping. You fire on him? No, I'm just saying You hit with that big old medallion. No. You know what my friend call these right here. My hands monkey grippers, they call 'em monkey. That's what my friends call my hands. Monkey grippers. They look, they look like you had a rough life. Yeah. See, never is.


I stayed fighting. Stayed fighting. But to look at me, you would never think that. No. And I stayed fighting. No, you Have to realize, growing up with poking bean, you, you, you gotta come with it. You gotta come with it. Oh God. You really do. And I'm not, I'm not a troublemaker and I don't start fights, but I just click into a different person. Right. And I'm just putting it this way. If I'm performing, just please don't run up on stage. No, please. I'm asking you. Please don't. Okay. But there is somebody, hold on.


Did somebody get shot? Huh? At one of your shows? And you say s what is there, lemme ask you, is there anything that you can't do? Is there anything that you haven't done? I mean, you probably could fly the space shuttle. I probably could. You teach me, I'll give you the manual in the week. You be, you man. Are, are there good space? Let's put it this way. I'm not afraid to try nothing. I'm not afraid to, to try anything except for dope drugs or drinking. I just won't try it.


Is it because you did, did you have did a bad experience in your family? Did you see, did it do something to close friends or family? All my uncles were alcoholics. All of them. My dad would, You know, my dad shot me three times. Huh? How your dad shoot you? Was it an accident? It's called pow, pow, pow. That was three, three Times. Yeah, I know, but I'm saying He had a flashback. He's in Vietnam. Yes. It was two terms. And he thought you Would Charlie, but it was my fault 'cause we was watching the Dirty Dozen, You know he in Vietnam or you watching the Dirty Dozen.


I didn't realize that that Was gonna happen. That was gonna trigger him. It Triggered. He said, oh, I got something for you. Charlie ran to the back and I'm like, Charlie, my name's Ez. What? Who are you call came out at 38. You took off. You know those, You know those old garage? Yeah. Those garages that you would build into like the car part? Yeah. You would build into a, yeah. The room. The, Yeah. Yeah. Family room. Yeah. I ran right through the glass and I hear pow, Pow, pow. Did You know he had shot you? No, I was Running so much. You had so much adrenaline. Yeah. Went to a friend's house. They opened the door and they said, what's wrong?


Turned me around three. See those marks back there? Yeah. Three went in. That's why I know, that's why I know he's so real. Went in straight out, didn't hit no vital organs or nothing. No. Well, it said it like kind of hit the hip a little bit. Yeah. But, and that's probably why I got pain in it Now, from all those splits you done done imitating Uncle Charlie? It could have been then when I played ball, when I played baseball. Oh. You know, that's my sport. I know, I know. That's another reason why I didn't click.


That's another reason why I probably lost some of the opportunities that I had. You know why? Why? Because I had a son That I saw when he was in a crib that he had a special gift. It was taped and I didn't even know it. I was shown he was in a crib and I playing with it with a baseball and it reached like that. Then it reached like that. I said, oh shit. Shit. That's when I knew I would leave a show. Rod. I tell you, I would leave a show, wouldn't even fly back home to Atlanta. I'd go to his school or when he was younger, I pick him up. I I I take fly home, tired, dead tired, baseball equipment, ready, let's go be to field.


Almost three hours. I would pitch him, never let him hit off a tee. Never. So in T-Ball, he didn't hit off of Tee. I would pitch him three to 400 balls a day. A, a session. I turned him around at nine. Switch hitting and all the hard work I did for him, I would fly sometimes I'd to go pick up my truck, drive to Florida. I'm taking home from my taking time from my, my home life to go out and, and, and, and, and teach him and work with him. Right. Go to his games. Right.


Then he finally did the dream that I had for him. He got picked up. He was playing ball. Right. But why he is not playing now, it's his fault. What would he do? You can't get caught smoking weed twice in the same week. Not, not, not you gotta make that four, five man roster. If you don't, you're tagged. But I did what I thought What you needed to Do, what I needed to do for him. So, yeah. So I played baseball. That's, that's my sport. Right. I So what's the relationship now with your son?


Well, I love him to death. Love him to death. He, he still could work things out. I mean, he still got, he still gotta bump his head a couple times, but he's, he's doing So we gonna get you figure he'll figure it out. Got to. If you don't, you gonna live in the bottom. If you do figure it out, you gonna be up there on that top where you need to be on that top tier. Lemme ask you a question. Would you do a, a, a verses You know how they used to have verses like when we COVID and You know, you had like, like Nelly verses who Nelly go against. Nelly went against. Who did Nelly go against? Or the Iley? The Iley brothers went against Earth, wind and Fire. Yeah.


Or, or so forth and song. Would you do a verse versus a comedian? Sure would. Sure would. Now how many times they took 20, they took 20 songs. So we have to give you, can we do, can we do 15 minutes? Each person get 15 minutes? Yeah. Easily. I think that'd be funny. Swizz Timbo. Don't steal my idea. Cut your boy in if you do it. Oh Yeah. That's a bad, that's a nice idea. Don't challenge me with a good time. You said your, your father shot you three times in the back.


He had a fir a flashback because he did two tours in Vietnam. Then he had a, an episode is enough being talked about soldiers coming back from doing tours. No, I mean, it seems to me, and I, and I could be wrong. Help me out. We do a lot of talking about our servicemen and how proud we are of the men and women. We ain't proud enough Bro dome, both domestically and abroad. But when they come back, they have, they struggle getting housing. They struggle getting jobs. Aint that, isn't that what happened to the black man when he came back? It Is. He, they, they wasn't, he was less than dirt when he came back.


Oh yeah. He was Never, but he stopped it. So nobody would come over here and kill us. Yes. Oh, he was fighting. He was fighting for freedoms in the foreign land that when he came home, he didn't enjoy himself. There you, There you go. And when he was over there, the POWs, the prisons of wars, they went to the front of the bus. Then they had to go to the back. Oh yeah. And they served them first. They ate first. Yeah. Evilness don't forget. Evilness. Don't, You know, it's, it's, it's, it's a darn shame when you feel something belongs to you and you didn't make it. When you feel something belongs to you and you take it, You know what I, I get upset about Shannon.


What's, What's that? Especially with the news channels and stuff. Everybody talks the same. It's the same lingo. People, we listen to them how they talk about certain things and people, and I'm saying this to all the newscast. Even if you get fired, why won't one of y'all just one time say, mother, why you lying Say that? That's you Lie too damn much. Everything come out your mouth is a lie. But what gets me is the people that want it to be true.


Black women. You did your thing. You black man, you 22% Latinos. How's it feel to be me? I'm just saying we gotta do better than what we doing. People are afraid to open their mouth. True. Why are so many people afraid? Are you afraid to lose what you have you afraid to lose that you go to jail? Didn't God take on the world for us? Yeah. Did didn't he know he was gonna die? He did.


And he did it anyway. Yes. Didn't his followers know that they were gonna die, but they did it anyway. We getting weaker as a people. We're getting weaker. Do you think we're getting weaker as some of us get more? 'cause it seemed like the less they had, the stronger they got. 'cause there weren't that many that have like what we have now in the sixties and the fifties and the Seventies. There should be no way in the world people of wealth should be able to run a country the way that they do when the mass majority of the people in the country aren't as wealthy as, as wealthy as them.


But they should still be able to keep them in line. Money is an evil factor. Yes. Money can turn a good person evil. Absolutely. Absolutely. But if you're gonna get in a fight with me, get in a fight with me. Don't get in a fight me when, when something happens to you. Now you want me to get in a fight with you. Right. It don't work that way. The old saying is that I don't want, I don't want you to be an ally. I need an accomplice. Yes. Hell Yeah. That's, there's a difference between the two that both start with a me. Yeah. But an ally Of accomplish That. Something entirely different.


And it reminds me of when my so-called. That's why I say everybody ain't your friend. I remember one time me and my friend was stealing. And lemme tell you something, we were stealing CDs and stuff. DVDs, we got caught once again, me running track, You know I ain't gonna be caught first. Yeah, yeah. I'm getting it. YYYY I'm in the cover. I'm, I'm hitting. Yeah. This dude get caught. He handcuffed. I see him. They getting ready to put him in a police car. I'm hitting. He looked and all of a sudden made eye contact. Arna Arna.


Come on man. We caught. We No, you come on out. I got, when I came out that police looked at me. He said, what type of friends do you, we didn't even see you. Wow. No lie. No lie. That's a two story.


Listen, as Senia tells us why she chose to vaccinate her daughter Right after my daughter was born, my husband and I are having to decide whether or not to get her vaccinated. I definitely felt like the pros far outweighed the cons. The diseases that I'm protecting my child against. They're still here. Talk to your child's doctor and learn more@whyvaccines.com brought to you by Merck.


Hey. So we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort. And good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool ru sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through, it's true magic. 'cause we came to play, bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


I wouldn't have came out Jay. I was in the open. Meaning if they would've ca if if, if they would've came behind the where I was, they would've pulled back the bushings. Yeah. He saw you Ez, come on out. We called, man, they got us Now. They got you. Yeah. I'm gonna tell your parents. They got you. Mm. But his parents came and got him. My mama let them take me to juvie. That's why I said I graduated from Juvenile Correctional Institute. You had a very Yes.


Relationship with your mom, didn't you? A confused relationship. Yes. Yes. Did you ever feel like your mom loved you? Because black love is different. You got clothes, you got food on the table, you got a roof over your head. The way his mom loves him, the way your grandmother loved you. Nah, that wasn't the kind of love I received. Because once again, she told me, I'm not worried about you. They need me. You gonna make it Part of you.


That should have felt good. Like, damn, she got confidence in me that I'm, I'm, I'm doing the right things. Confidence or how I was, she just automatically knew it. But that don't mean as a child, That don't mean you don't want love, you don't want a fe I do want love. Yeah, exactly. I do want, yes. And that's probably why I love my fans so much. When my fans want to take a picture. Am I, you think I'm gonna tell 'em no? Right. I'll never say no. I'll never say no. And if I didn't take a picture totally by accident. Right. It wasn't something that I was trying not to do. Not Consciously you thinking. Yeah. Yeah. Because I I, I, I'm humble.


I thank I thank y'all. I'm without y'all. I can't do what I do. Right. That's why I, that's why I, I give what I give and I can only give what I can give. But You was raised a little bit by your grandmother too, Right? I was, I was, My mama and daddy both left me with my grandmother in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. So they, they could go to Fort Col, Fort McClellan, Alabama didn't fly to Germany. So when I flew to, when I finally got a chance to go to Germany, 'cause they all, they went before me.


You flew by yourself? No, they came back. Okay. But it was a while. Right. School year was gone. They came back and got me. Did you want to go? I did. Okay. I didn't wanna be left. Right. How did that make you feel? That they, they they, did they take your siblings? Did they take the others That left you? Took everybody. I was the only one that left. Oh my goodness. And then when they came back to the United States, all of 'em left. But me and my dad, 'cause he was finishing up his final leaving out of Al Germany. I was sick as a dog. As a dog. My dad finished doing what he was at do. Gave me some ass and a Coca-Cola and left me in that apartment by myself.


How old were you? 11? 10. 11. But I was sick as a dog. I was Throwing up and I was in the, and the apartment had like a little basement area. I was, I was down there by myself. Do you feel your dad loved you? Or the man that raised you? I felt that way when I became a grown man. I Bought him a truck. Luck. And we became just better friends.


You see. Why Do you see why I'm so guarded and private? Can you see it now? I, do you see why I don't really do interviews? I Do. And then I finally get here. So you, you, you do have a gift. You have a gift to talk to us. You know what, I Think you is Jake. What is that? Because I come, when you come here, you and I, we kind of, we know each other. Yeah. So you see me in a different light. I see you in a different light. Yeah. But A lot of times when people come here, I haven't seen them interview.


Within a couple of minutes they realize this man is not here to judge me. I have no preconceived notion. A lot of time I'll ask my guests, is there anything that you want, don't wanna talk about? Sometimes they say, yeah, sometimes they say I'm an open book. I believe I'm talking to people that's been in the, been in their business or just chosen profession. 10, 15, 20, 30, 40 years. I believe you can still tell your story without your most embarrassing, your most salacious detail. And when people sit across from me, I think they can read very early on. I'm sincerely and I'm genuinely interested in the story that they're Telling.


Can I ask you a question? Yes. When you gonna tell your story? When you gonna let me interview you? If you're not, just say you're not gonna do it. No. Eventually, eventually I will tell the story. Hold on. I'm trying to figure out, you went to prison, Shannon. You knew that. I didn't. Okay. I didn't go to prison Did Jay, Because I never got convicted. You're right. But I stayed. That's what ruined it for me. Playing ball baseball. Alright. I wasn't, I was, I was deemed uncoachable. Nobody wanted to gimme that shot anymore. What'd you do?


You got in a fight, Put in a police officer in a coma. Oh, you gotta do it. Your Ass Gotta do it. Gotta do It, Jay. But, but he did that Right over your eye? Yeah. He hit me with a billing club. How old were you? 16, 17. I was in a jail. How long did you stay? This thing went on for almost a year. And a, You know, the reason I got out, Oh. Why A police officer that was retiring said, what I did was self-defense.


And he was basically saying I could not knowingly retire knowing that I could put an innocent man. Watch an innocent man go to jail. Wow. I, I became, I became martial arts when I was seven. I was trained by one of the fearless martial art people in the industry named Russell Perone. My dad was a little bit of special forces. So that's why I say I'd rather talk to you than to fight you. Because Once I, Once we take it there I have, I, it's hard for me to get away from it.


'cause now I'm feeling like you wanna hurt me. So what, what led to the, Because I skated because we were at the skating rink and he said, I guess the guy had said, You know, when you go to a skating room, you're skating forward backward skating. I didn't hear it. Right. I'm still jamming. I'm still going forward getting it. This cop came out on the floor, came out on the floor, bulked up like that and hit me. I flew over the thing, came outta one of my skates, whipped out his building club.


I don't know why he was gonna put me out. Told me to leave. Whoa, whoa, whoa. All this For skating. Dan said something like, y'all always making trouble. Okay, now I know where we at. And I stood up and he hit me. Pow. Oh, Now you got to get it. That was, it Started a riot at the skate city skating ring. A complete riot.


They had over 22 police cars out there. One little girl, I think she was 11, got put in a coma pretty bad. She got hit. Damn. Yeah, That's what I said. I have a book. Did, did, did the cop that you got had the interaction with, did he ever communicate? Did he ever apologize? No, Never seen him again. They would tease me saying, you better hope he don't die better. Hope he don't die. They were coming into my cells doing that. Right. Not into the cell, but You know, You coming down and get the ass.


Yeah. I finally, finally got released. But by then, that's why I had to end up, that's why I didn't graduate. I had to go back and get A-G-E-D-I was done with school. I was done with baseball. I was done with, I struggled. I struggled Then. I or now. Huh? Then or now? No, I'm not struggling now. Okay. I struggled then because you couldn't have told me I wasn't gonna play baseball. You couldn't have told me I wasn't gonna play no team.


He wanted to look at me. Mm. And You know, once they put that tag on you, uncoachable. Yeah. Yeah. How did you ever make, How did you make peace with that? When I finally came to Georgia to step up on the comedy stage, not out of Denver, but out of Georgia At the Comedy Act Theater. That's when I knew This was your calling. Yeah. That's when I knew.


I was like, wow. So this is it. And I worked for a company called aaa. I came to Georgia. I wasn't making no money. No money. I'm making like 235 a week. And then part of that you had to pay insurance out of, once again, I've started At the bottom. I'm already raising family. Right. That woman told me to get off my ass, put a foot in my ass, get up. This ain't, this ain't who you are.


Strengthen me in my back. Yes. Strengthen me. Yeah. Strengthen me in my back. Even if we weren't gonna be together or were gonna be together, strengthened me in my back. That's when you knew her. She the one I, I got to get up. I got to do something. I made the decision. And this is why I say people don't understand how God moves. Okay. But you ain't supposed to understand what he does. But you need to understand how he moving. He moving to better you. You just gotta be patient and do what is of you to get where he's putting you. They were closing the doors at AAA in Atlanta, Georgia.


And everybody there where I worked, I loved the girl who I called Cookie, loved her to death. She always said I was the only dude in there, more or less. I was like, that dude that Ference the manager. We didn't like each other at all. It was, it was, it was that alpha thing going on. You know. We even told each other, well, I don't like you, I don't like you. You either. Yeah. We're good. I'm glad we glad we here. Yeah. What up? Fat Boy Cookie always stood up for me. When they were closing the doors at aaa, they were closing.


They said everybody was getting let go Or you can go to work in Tennessee. That's where they were gonna open up their new branch. Well, I wasn't going to Tennessee. Yeah. Right. Then I said, I can't work again. This is what I gotta do now. Right. Comedy, I went straight to comedy. You're like, I gotta work for myself. I didn't do anything else. I said this is the time. But that's what God put me. Lemme ask you this. Had they not closed those doors and relocated to Tennessee, are you a comedian? No. I don't believe that. I am. So you was forced, it's like they kicked you outta the nest. Yes. I, I don't believe, that's a good question. I don't believe that. I am a comedian and I went to Tennessee.


I don't believe that I am. I don't believe that I am. That's a good damn question. Sometimes we have to be forced to do things. It's kinda like God or sometimes to do things. 'cause he know you wouldn't do it on your own. So he'll put you in a situation. You ain't got no choice. Yeah. You don't realize how far you can walk until you ain't got a car or transportation. This is where I really wanted to Go. Okay. Your mom, your dad, the relationship wasn't, do you Think you are the father that you are to your kids because of what? It wasn't for you as a kid with your parents?


I do. I I do feel that. I wish they could have been better in certain incident. Because you have to realize our parents, not, not the young Youngs, but our parents didn't have the tools to show us and the teachers what we should be knowing. Correct. They didn't show us how to do bank accounts. No. They didn't show. They Didn't have one. They didn't show. We had, we learned on our own. We learning for the Yeah. They didn't show us how to go into and fill out paperwork for a house. Correct. They didn't know Right. How to Do it. Or credit what if or credit.


They didn't know Credit Was what you got. You can go to the corner store and get something on credit. Yeah. Hey, I'm gonna get this. I'm gonna pay you at the end of the week. Yeah. Or I'll pay you at, at, at, at, at, at the beginning of next month. Yeah. That was credit. I didn't know Credit was something that you billed. Yes. That you could get a house, you can get a car and it lowered your interest rate. Score point. Score. Yes. I had no idea what that was. Because they weren't, they weren't afforded the tools. Correct. To know why, to know how to teach us because they were too busy surviving. Correct. They were too busy surviving in the system of what a lot of black people went through.


We didn't have, we didn't have generational money. No. My dad, believe it or not, went to one game. I ever played one. He never knew that. My youth, youth director out in Fort Hood, Texas tried to molest me. He never knew that. 'cause my dad would've killed him. Is that why you didn't tell him? That's exactly why I didn't tell him. And I was also ashamed that he would say, you let him do that. But then I get a call when I was a grownup.


He had messed with eight other black boys on that team. At that, at, at the a YU, the wrestling team. He had eight other boys. One of the, You know how your parents used to let you hang out with somebody? Yeah. We had another one. He was gay. He liked to, he didn't mess with me, but eight other boys, all black boys. Four to the Texas, You know what happened to him? I went looking for him. I called his name out over the air one time. You think he's still alive?


I don't know. I don't know. What would you wanna say? Would, what would you tell him? He's too old. He'd be too old for me to tell him anything. And I don't need to know why, because I know it's a, a deviant sickness. Right. I don't need to know why. I'm just thankful you didn't do me like you did some of them other, other dudes. Right. But it's a deviant sickness. It, And I say deviant now it's a sickness. But there's deviant in there too. Right. I don't need to know why. I don't care to know why. If you are alive, you are alive. You, you're dead. You're dead. Because You know what it didn't do, it didn't hurt me.


Wow. 'cause I refuse to let it control me. I also confused that our parents didn't have the tools to teach us. Right. Stop me from Look where you at. Right. Look what you've done. Don't let nobody take that from you. Don't don't. Sometimes they try to trick you out the spot. You know what, you'll see who your true friends are. Oh yeah. And they start fading. I, I hope it, I hope everything works in your favor, man.


But at the same time, ATM gonna say your big brother, You know better if if if what? You know, you lemme put it that way. Right. And I just want you to 'cause 'cause when we didn't speak after Yeah. That, that hurt me because my encounter with you was always good. It was great. All, all the conversations always been Great. Always good. Then I found out how smart you're, when they say don't be the smartest one in your room. Don't be the smartest one in your room. You definitely won't be with him. Y'all don't know how knowledgeable he is about history and sports and stuff.


All right. I thought I was good. You are. Nah. Not like you dog. Nah. Like you, you Had a Netflix special called Racially Motivated. Is there, can, do you notice a difference negotiated with Netflix 2013 versus 2025? I do because I got somebody now who really takes care of my interests. Okay. My, my, my manager Joe Eschenbach is a beast. Not only is he a beast, he's truthful. I got a truthful crew with me. Yeah. You need to be told that I don't, I can, I can, I can lay back and don't have to worry about my money.


You'll never know that he got money by the way he dress. But he's, he's smart. This one's smart right here. Roderick's smart. Right. And I, I don't think I can lose with, with that combination. Right. You gotta Surround yourself. How long we gonna be together? I don't know. But I can't lose with that combination. You released your special on YouTube, not gonna stop. What made you go straight to YouTube? Was it because of Netflix wasn't willing to? I think so. And then I was saying to myself, we were saying, let's not bother with it. Let's let you 'cause I didn't really, I didn't think I was, I didn't really like the special as much as I, I could've done a lot better.


'cause of the elements and stuff. It sometimes it's not exactly the material, it's the elements how it's presented. Correct. Everybody else in No, no, no. I didn't believe that. But when I get a call in five days, you at a million views in five days. Unless You know you're doing something Right. And now at 1.5, come on. Yeah. My, my, my FAMs are the greatest and even the new ones my at this stage in the game too. Right. 35. That's a long time. That's a long time. I have that kind of longevity. Yeah. I just took my Pampers off.


1.6. Huh? 1.6. What? Oh, 1.6. We're at 1.6 now. Mm. And we doing it in slices and we're not even halfway through it. Wow. We're gonna get you outta here on this. I wanna thank you personally for coming by club. She, Shea I'm glad we got an opportunity to reconnect. We gonna exchange information and we going to, we going to, we gonna get back to where we were. Okay. I really appreciate that. I appreciate you stopping by. What else you gotta promote? Anything else you wanna promote? You know what I, I would've forgot. Wear them bottles. Where them bottles at? Right there. Where them bottle? Oh, they're over here. Yeah. This is my gift to you.


And when I tell you this is my sprays that I cannot keep called a motherfucker smell good. Yeah. I got offered to put these in a major store. They wanted me to change the name and I said no Because this is what, this is how your brother Exactly. Don't ever let nobody take your vision. We talking before you. I have mint, lavender, rose. I like this. Yeah. I had to tell black people This ain't cologne Though. No, you can't spray it on your skin. You, you can't spray it on your skin. You know we will wear olive oil as lotion.


Yeah. For for sure. How strong that man you can spray all strong. That mint is man. It's powerful. That's all enough. Yeah. That man will keep you open. Biodegradable, organic oil based. That's my favorite. I think this one. That's the rose, I think. Yeah. I don't know what it is. Lemme See how be able to take it. Ain. Got No, No. This is the rose. See that little? That's the man. No, this is not. See that little pink right there? That's the rose. That's the brown. I Think you mislabeled It. No, that's brown. Well, lemme see what's in your hand. That's the, that's the rose. Lemme see that one.


That, that turn me. The label. That's the brown. You keep calling everything brown. No brown. See the labels. Look, see the gold labels? Hell, I feel like I'm on tall Perry. One tall Perry leg. You keep saying Mr. Brown premium gold brown. Yeah. And this is premium gold rose. 'cause it has that. Okay. At the bottom. This is lavender. Yeah. That's as, Yeah. I can see it. Got the purple. I know you got thick glasses, but look, that's mint. Yes. Okay. Yeah. I spray the lavender. And when I tell you we can't even keep this product, we can't keep it. Yeah. Well I like the lavender, So if you want to Yeah. Yeah. So I'm, if you want to give it to somebody, fine. If not. And it smells good in your car, you're taking a, you're taking a dump.


Hit that toilet with that mint chi y. Y'all Just, just lavender. I like la. I like lavender. Do you? Yeah, I do. 'cause I have lavender candle candles. Oh, Okay. What was that? You? Oh yeah, the sprays good. Is it spray? You alright? Yep. Is that a sneeze? Yep. Oh, That sounds like, oh, you thought it was something else. Did you? I thought he blew it out his ass. I, You know, it was a sneeze. Oh. That said, Hey man, don't be serving them no guacamole in here. Our dance j ladies and gentlemen, Thank you. I love you. Love you.


Thank All my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Won a slice. Got the roll of dice, the squat. All my life, I've been grinding all my life. Love all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll. Ded. The all my life. I've been grinding all my life.


Here's why April chose to vaccinate her child. I think actually meeting someone who was not vaccinated and now has a lifelong struggle with a childhood disease really cemented for me that it's super important that we as parents continue to vaccinate our children. Talk to your pediatrician or visit y vaccines.com. Brought to you by Merck.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year? Degree? Change the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's X purse spring and a purse sprint and is back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic core Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is an iHeart podcast.