
The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and free agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. Why don't you think older vet great fighters want to give these young and up and comers an opportunity? I don't think it's that they want to give 'em, it is just the opportunity. You know, they pay you a lot of money probably for taking a risk, You know, and some older fighters want to test test they self and see if they still got it. And it's, and it's a business. Everybody know what, what, what we doing it for, right? We like pit bulls. You know, you see, you see a pit bull. You, you, they got, they ring, they got, they judge, and You know, they got the crowd around them.


They send 'em out there to kill each other. That's what, that's the same, same way with us. You know, then this pit bull lose or they kick him out. Mm. I I don't, I can't use it no more. See, You know, and the promoters, it's the same way when you lose that, the promoters don't want nothing to deal with you no More. That, You know what, that's where I was going because it seemed, if you, you remember, if you go back and look at the seventies, there were heavyweights dominated. They fought, yeah. Ali fought Frazier and Norton fought this one and Foreman fought that one and Shavers and so forth and so on. And then you had the eighties and you had the, the four Kings and they fought got why, why, why? They don't wanna, I mean, it's money.


You can make money. It's all about money. You know what I mean? At the end of the day, when you look at the politics, they all say, oh, well this promoter got these fighters. This promoter got these fighters. I don't wanna share it with you. You don't wanna share it with me. So I'm a in-house all these fighters, unless some drastic amount of money can come and then we can both be successful on, on this, on this fight. Right? But I don't want to give you leverage and your fighter taking my ti my fighter's title now. I don't have no no no title.


I Don't have no leverage now don't Have no, You know, so if I have six welterweight contenders like PPC had and you got two, well, yeah, two. 'cause Manny Pacquiao left top rank and went to PBC. You got two Jeff Ho and Terrance Crawford. I fight Jeff Horn, they freeze me out. They fight each other while I'm just sitting there, sitting there, Hey man, I wanna fight him. Ah, nah, nah, you on the wrong side of the street. Wow. I wanna fight him. Nah, you on the wrong side of the street. Where the fuck did the wrong side of the street come in to play in the sport of boxing?


You know, that's how, how it goes. But then when, You know, it makes sense, Matti, PAC Floyd Mayweather, then the two parties can come together and Right. Make it happen. Because it's Enough money. Because so much money is involved. Yeah, because so, so because I was looking at it like this and it seemed like Floyd and I love Floyd, but it seemed like everybody's afraid to have that o to have a one or a two where the o used to be. Right? Because, so now, and, and like you said, like bro, hey, the promoter don't want you anymore. And maybe people don't Think you is as good as you once was. If you don't have that, don't have that unblemished mark. But Guy, it didn't used to be like that. Terrence Ali lost sugar Ray lost Haggler, lost Hearn's, lost guy.


These guys lost. When did the o become the end all be all? I think, I think Mayweather, You know, and how he made it big to the public, like 47 and tried 47 have failed. And then it got all the way to 50 and it's like, You know, break Marciano's record. Yeah. Nah, I'm now, I'm retired. I'm blemished Andre Ward, un blemish, You know, Joe Cal, Zagi Unblemish, You know, and it's like when people look at him, they be like, man, that dude never lost it before.


You know, people can't say that. You know, a lot of people can't say that when you look at him like Ali, Roy Jones, Jr. You know, all the, all the grades back in the day, they lost. Yes. But that's something that Joe Kaza, Andre wore Floyd Mayweather, they can say I never lost. Right? So now when the kids looking up to him, they say, man, I wanna be like, damn, I don't wanna lose. I don't wanna lose. Because now society has shaped things to where if a fighter lose, they talk so bad about, oh, he's a bum. I knew he was overrated. Oh, yep.


Y all hyped him up and now they gotta hear it. But back in the day, they didn't have social media. You know what I mean? So all that wasn't in their face, but now it's in their face. They see it, they hear it, and it's like, You know who want to go through that. Right? So fighters are like, man, they picking and choosing and I don't wanna fight him. 'cause You know, it's a, there's a chance unless The money, so Right. You know, so it, it plays a big factor. If I take Floyd Mayweather in his absolute prime, and I take Manny Packie out in his absolute prime, Floyd Mayweather, Floyd still beats him. Floyd beat everybody. You don't believe there's, there's a guy at 1 40, 1 47 in the history of boxing that could have beat Floyd in the crowd.


I don't know. But it'd be tough. It'd be tough. Floyd. Floyd, man, that boy, man, that's the gold man. That boy bad. He man, that boy bad. What makes it, I mean, what? Because, and I, and I told people this, I said, look, look at Floyd. I said, Floyd, it is not that. He, he trains. I mean, it's his life. And he, from the very beginning, he's like, I wanna be the best. And I look at Floyd, Floyd is not a naturally big man. So Floyd like you to get down to 1 47, you gotta drop 20 pounds, 25 pounds. No, he walked around at his weight. Yeah. One 40. He walked around at one 50. Yeah. So he losing three pounds. Floyd going to camp for like two weeks and he, he, he done made his weight.


Yeah. But what makes, what makes Floyd the best? So unique, something that we have not seen before. His defense and his instincts. I think Floyd had the best defense in boxing history. Better than sweep Pea. Yeah, definitely. Because, You know, sweep Pea has some, But for Sweep Pea had defense, but he in the offense, like Floyd. Yeah. I look at, I, I say, I say he got more defense than sweep pea. Wow. He got hit less. Yes. You know, sweet Pea had more head movement. So he was sweet Pea was better at slipping punches. Yeah. Making you miss. Right. But Floyd on defense, like catch bam, bam, bam, bam. Yeah. You know, Floyd hands down then making you pay, catching Connor, catching, slipping, You know what I mean?


Like hitting you with shots that you don't see. Like that's, that's where Floyd master, You know, hitting not get hit. And you look at the people that he beat. Yeah. I mean, people are, oh, he just go back and look at those world champions from the Dakotas and, and the Paki aisle, the Ricky Hattens, the Arturo Gotti, I mean like 20 plus world champs. I ain't talking about No, they legit world champs. Yeah. And he beat 'em all And he, and he was calling for 'em all in they prime, You know? So, I don't know, man. A lot of people, they give him credit now. Right. But they didn't give him credit when he was active.


It's kinda like, it's kind of like Muhammad Ali. Yeah. They hated him when he was active. They loved him when he retired and when he got a loss. They hated Tyson when Tyson was active. But once he got a loss and he retired, then they loved him. You know, everybody want to wanna see you lose because they want to want you to feel like you more human. They don't want you to be, You know, superior to other fighters, especially fighters that they like. Right. You know, so they just like, man, I don't like that guy. Right. I see so many people on, on social media say they don't like me. What?


But don't have a reason. Right. I don't like Crawford, but I, I hope him and Canelo have a good fight. Okay. I don't what is there not to like about it? Are they, maybe you run into the same thing Floyd people. I believe people, a lot of people started watching Floyd fights to see him lose. Yeah. Do you think people tuned in to watch you lose? To see you lose? Sure. Definitely. But you don't care long as they buy that paper for you, you Good. Hey, I don't, I don't care what, what what you, what you think about me. I don't care what you say about me. You not in the position that I'm in to even be on the same level of me.


You know? And I don't say that in a cocky way. I say that in a honest way. Like people won't at a basketball game, you talking stuff to LeBron James and you can't do half of what LeBron James, you talking stuff about, You know, Aren Rogers and you can't throw a 30 foot, a 30 a yard football. You know, we criticize athletes, But we Can't do that for stuff that we can't even do. And it is just like, man, come on now, man. You can't, you come up in here, get punched up in the head or you try to go run a, go Across the middle, Run a go across the middle while Brett far throw a 90 mile football.


Right. That'll break your fingers and Lynch about to come and take your head off. Right. You know, so you gotta brace 'cause you about to get hit the ball going fast and you expect me to catch it every single time. Yeah. You know, people don't understand the things that we do and the things that we take our body through to entertain y'all, You know, but y'all disrespect us like we not human. So then when we lash out on one of y'all, y'all think, oh, everybody like, oh, you supposed to be professional. But we human at, at the end of the day, human end of the day, Floyd paid you the order a compliment.


He says Terrence Crawford is the best pound for pound fighter fighting right now. What's your your your relationship like with, with Floyd? Oh, we got a good relationship. I'm cool with Floyd. You know, Floyd just randomly call me, You know, ask me how my family doing, ask me how I'm doing and don't even check on, I don't even talk about boxing. Wow. He was just, oh, I didn't want nothing. I was just checking up on you champ. You know, seeing how you doing and You know, making sure everybody good and things like that and alright, I talk to you later. Wow. You know, things like that that, that mean more to me than calling me. Hey man, what's up with boxing?


You know, I'm, I was at this fight and I told you this, I was at the fight that you fought Spence, and I'm sure you heard it, man, Spence, has Spence not gotten that car accident, Bud? Man, You know, you fought that man three man, you fought that man three years too late. You done caught him before that, before that accident. I don't know Bud. How often have you heard that? Man, I think I said everything that everybody was gonna say before they even said it. I think they just looked at the interviews and the altercation that me and Spence had. Right. And just copied and pasted. Right. You know, I hear it a lot, You know, but I was already prepared for it, You know, I was prepared what, three, four years before you passed, You know?


And that's something that I train my mind to preparing for because I knew what it was going to be. I said, Spence is a great fighter. I'm a fan of Spence. I always been a fan of Spence. I watched him in a, in a, in a amateurs. I rooted for him, You know, when he represented United States. I call him on the phone, check on him. I'm a fan of Spence. The people, the urban community, our own people try to turn us against, against each other and make it up to a point where nobody likes each other.


Why can't you like me and like him? Yeah. Ain't nothing wrong with that. And if I like Bud, that don't mean I hate Earl. Right. If I li if I like Earl, that don't mean I hate Bud. Right. But sometimes it, it, it seems to be now if I like something I can't like him. Right. But it is only like that in our community. You know, when you, when you look at the Mexican community, they support each other. Yeah. Bro. Yeah. They ride hard for them. When, when, when, when, when you got two Mexicans fighting each other, man, they Mexican community win. They gonna celebrate whoever listen, they, They gonna win. They are, You know, they gonna win When you, when you, when you see us fight each other, it's not like that.


You know? And I just always felt like we are own downfall, You know, blacks, Mexicans rule boxing from the Beginning. Beginning, You know. But we gotta, we gotta do better with supporting each other and we gotta do better. Another thing we gotta do better with is supporting the ladies, You know, The women fighters. Yeah. The, the women fighters. You know, you got a lot of women fighters that's doing the same thing that we doing, going through the same thing that we go through that's putting on hell of a shows. Right. But we don't, we don't support 'em.


You know, we don't, you'll see them come to all our fights supporting us, big us up. But everybody, one of 'em girls fights, but some of them girls fights be more exciting than our fights, You know? So I just think that we need to just as a boxing community, we need to just support each other more. And like you said, if a person lose, it's not the end of the world. Right. You know, pick back up, You know, some back in the days, you may one that day he may come back and beat you. Correct. You know what I mean? Yep. So you just gotta, You know, give him his, just do and You know, give him the encouragement that it's not over. Right.


Instead of beating the white down. How long have you had this Canelo fight in your head? Man, I've been thinking about Canelo for likes a year now. Probably a little bit after Flo. I mean, after Spence, a little bit after Spence, when they start talking about Spence and Clo Canelo, I started thinking like, man, Canelo too big for Spence. Like he going to clean Spence. But then I started looking at it, I'm like, Canelo not that big.


Yeah. You know, he's a smaller fighter that's fighting in a bigger division. So I started just sizing myself up to Canelo right In my head, he's five seven, I'm five eight, I got a 74 inch reach reach. He got like a 60 something. You know, he's wider than me, but that's it. So I'm like, it match up. It matches up. Like I can, I can do that fight. Did you ever think he, he would accept it or you just gonna put enough pressure on him?


You gonna keep putting it out there and have people put it out there and say, Hey, the only fight that makes sense for Bud is Canelo the only fight that makes sense for Canelo. If he wanna fight somebody and he want a super, super payday. But Crawford is it For sure there's no fighter out right now that's bigger than Crawford Canelo no fight. I agree. I agree. You know, so a lot of people, I know a lot of people say, oh well Benavidez Benavidez, everybody want 'em to fight Benavidez. And that's a great fight and that's a damn good fight. You know? But given the, the circumstances of Black versus Mexican and the history, I've always did bigger, bigger numbers than anything, You know, besides Manny, Pacquiao, Floyd and Floyd, You know, con McGregor.


But yeah. You believe the, these numbers would be comparable to to that. I think. And there's a projection that this fight is gonna do somewhere between 600 and 750 or three quarters of a billion. Floyd right now has the record. He and Paki did 600 million in revenue. You believe this fight, you Canelo, Netflix can approach that number go north of that number. I don't know because it's a different, it's different times that we living in, when you look at today's time, you got so much piracy, You know, it's, it is different. Back in the days you didn't have that much. No. You Yeah. But now, You know, everybody got a ask.


That's True. My kid, my kids be talking about, oh yeah, I'm watching the UFC fights. I'm be like, I ain't pay for no UFC fights. You know, I ain't watching it on they phone. Right. You know, so it's way different nowadays and it's, it's, it is hard. It remind me of back in the days when they was burning CDs Yeah. And the artist was like, man, we can't make, we Can't make no money. We Can't make no money 'cause everybody burning CDs Yep. And stuff like that. So I just think, You know, it's going to do tremendous numbers. But to say I know how much I don't Because I'm looking at say Canelo's guaranteed one 50, you guaranteed a hundred million.


Damn. But it too late for me to train. I mean, I mean, I mean that's that number, that's that, that sounds like a number that you can get down with, Man. I don't know man. I don't know. I don't know Bud. I mean, I'm trying to figure, help me out on this because Marvin Haggler once said it's hard. It gets hard once you got mink slippers and silk pajamas to get up there and train to get hit in the face again. That's what he said. Yes. But here's the Thing. Got no silks. No, but Look at Floyd, everything Floyd is making money doing, doing 30, doing 40 million, $50 million a fight.


And he still had the same desire as if he had $2. Bud Crawford made money and he still has the desire to get up and train as if he has $5. How does one stay in that mind? Because it's easy now, but you live in an ivory tower. But you just told me you got a new crib built all the way, cost you $63. It's a new crib. But I'm saying you got this new palatial estate and you still stay hungry. How? Because like, I don't want to lose. That's, that's the thing. I don't wanna lose nothing. You know, so I'm, I'm fighting for my future and my kids' future. So if I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna do it to win.


I'm not gonna have do it. I'm not gonna have step it. I'm not gonna play around with it. I'm going to, I'm gonna try to win. So that's my motivation, my family to secure them with generational wealth with the businesses that I've created. Right. The things that I put my money into to teach them that anything is possible. And then not only that for they kids. Kids. Right. Can can live off of that. They great, great grandpa's success. Like, You know when you see a trust fund baby, the Ford family, the Rockefeller, the Kellogg, the Eminem, Mars the Heinz Ketchup.


Yes, Yes, yes. Why can't You know where I come from man? People don't be leaving their kids nothing. Right When they pass, man, people You leaving in debt because they ain't got nothing to leave. What? I can't leave sell dinners And stuff like that. Yeah. So I just always told myself if something never was to happen to me, my kid's gonna be straight with it or without me. But, but I don't know Bud. A hundred, 150 mil, you still gonna want to go in there and train. You still gonna wanna go give, do another fight. They might come with 250, they might come with 200 Going to get it.


So training, obviously you're gonna have to train. You're training for a bigger fighter. So what's that have, have you thought about, have you lined up some s sparring partners? Because you probably have to fight, You know, spar with bigger guys than what you normally spar with. No. You know, but you try to make this thing seem like routine. It ain't routine Bud. Man, listen, I don't spar people my size. I, everybody I spar is bigger than me. Ocho said he won Spar. I know he told me, He told Me, came down, he said, man, he won to get in the ring with me. I said, man, listen Ocho I, that what I keep telling him. I said, man, but He going, he doing the MMA fight with Deebo James Harrison.


I don't wanna do it to him. Ocho good man. That's my guy. Yeah. He funny than a mug. He, He's, He's funny But go, go ahead Do do one round. Touch him up a couple times. Y'all be wanting him to get straight. I would because he be, every, every fighter he had, we had another, yeah. Everything. So just Andre Ward? Yeah, Andre. Hey That I mean just like pop pop, You know, just like, ooh. Yeah. I don't think, I don't think he want, I think he just want the, the joy and the bragging rights to say he been in there with us. That's What I'm saying. I Don't think he want to get in there and force us to really spa. Nah, nah, nah. Just one minute.


Just put one minute on. Just one minute on the, on the Clock. Okay. Okay. That's it. No 32nd. Let get it down to 30. 30. I'm gonna tell her. I be like, man, hey Shannon, Do 30. Do hey, just touch him a couple times. Now don't, don't don't, don't go all loud on him but just line Him up man. Yeah. Hey, oh bug. And I will be right there with my cat. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So lemme ask you a question. How different you win this fight? How different is good? The perception of Bud Crawford gonna be? Does this put you in that pantheon?


I honestly think I've been there. Okay. But, You know, everybody else got their own opinion. But after, after this I think people will start respecting me more. But at the same time they have some type of excuse. Right. You know, it's always gonna be some type of excuse on why Terrance Crawford was successful and why he won the fights that nobody thought he was gonna win or he did what exactly what he said he was gonna do. Right. But it was a reason why it happened at the time or something wasn't right. So I just taken it in stride. There hadn't been very many five division champs.


You beat Canelo at the weight you and beat him at that weight. I mean, people are gonna have to say Bud Crawford with Floyd Mayweather, with Sugar Ray Robinson, with Manny Packo. You going have, they're gonna have to, they don't have a choice. I'm gonna say this and I'm not just saying it. Terrence Crawford could have competed with all those guys. All of them. I don't see not one fighter that I couldn't compete with from Roberto Duran, the Sugar Ray Robinson.


I, I can't say Sugar Ray Robinson 'cause I didn't see him. Right. But the Manny Pacquiaos, The Haggler, the Hearns Haggler was was was One 60. Yeah. He bought it one 60. Yeah. But I'm talking about those guys in around my Waist. Yeah. Yeah. Well, okay. Yeah. Even, even Haggler. Yeah. You know, I coulda compete with, but the guys that I was around my way, Sugar shame, Mosley and all those. Yeah. I compete with all of them. With all of them hands down. But back then, Bud guys' fault. I mean, not guys' gonna retire with 50 fights. I mean, I think, who was that? Duran Duran at one point was like 78 and oh these guys had like a hundred fights sugar.


Ray Robinson was like what? 200 and and 200 wins and five losses or something. Well, boxing has evolved. It's because they fighting every damn day. Every other, every other, every other, every other Week. So when you look at boxing, like, like we was talking about football Yes. Or you can blindside crack back and all that stuff. Yes. Boxing have evolved to the point where we learn that we don't have to fight so much. Right. Because there's more money involved. And so you don't have to fight for 10,000, 10,000. 10,000 when guys can make X amount of dollars and fight one to two times a year. Yes. And then, and then when you look at those fighters that got all those fights, look at their health.


Mm. Yeah. Why would I wanna make so much money if I can't Enjoy it? Can't enjoy it. Well, but don't know. I've made the money Facts and to have somebody steal the money. Yeah. 'cause I don't know what's going on. Right. So health is, well When, when did you watch the, the Charlo fight and, and Canelo? Yeah. Did you watch that fight? Did you take anything? I was there. I was there. Did you take anything from it? I felt Charlo just came for a payday. Really? But I really can't say. But he coulda did more. He, he did a lot of good things in there that I felt as if he would've know or had the confidence, he would've did way better than what he did.


Do you feel that Charlo could've done more? Yes. That's what I'm talking about. Oh, You talking about Charlo? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. You think he was afraid of Canelo's power? I Do. I Think you respected too much. You know, I do. But still, all in all, he did what he had to do to make it to the 12th round. Oh. You gonna respect, you gonna respect it. I don't know. We gonna see, I never got hit by him, so I can't say if I am or I'm, but I'm definitely going to respect. But you gonna make him respect you. Of course. Because you got you. 'cause he'll walk you down if you don't. Well That's his, that's his thing. He going to, He try to walk people down. Now he gonna Do what he gonna do. And I'm gonna do what I'm gonna do.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and free agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I will be there. I gotta see this. I gotta see this one. Where are you on the criticism man? You've never been punched by anybody like Canelo. You haven't fought a cont a contender. I mean, bro, you just getting, I mean, how do you get, why do you get to fight Canelo this big payday when you haven't fought anybody leading up to Canelo and you see what he did to Billy Joe? Man, what's he hit You? You hear, you hear it all Bud. You've heard everything that somebody, I don't know if you've heard it personally, but you got people around. You have heard what the criticism is about you taking this fight with Canelo. That's the joy of it. Nobody knows, You know, that's the, the excitement.


He's fought all these guys, he's did all these things to these guys. Terrence Crawford is great at a lower weight class, but we don't know if Terrance Crawford can take the punches in the arms or take the overhand ride or the upper cut or the right hand. We don't know. But that's why we fight. Right. You know, there's a lot of what ifs, You know, that a lot of fans is, is asking or and they they mind what I can't do. Right. You know, And the last time he fought somebody that had speed was Floyd.


He's never seen anybody with speed like Bud Crawford. But You know, that's why we gonna fight and then all the answers is gonna be answered on fight night. You gonna give him a rematch? Ain't no rematch in the clause, but who knows? So you winner take off. Hey Winner take off. I'm taking it off. I read that you don't eat beef. I don't eat beef or a pork. You just chicken fish tur Turkey. You Muslim? Nah, not at all. I bet you for 100 breath got all them cows out been high.


I'm on stage. Huh? Huh? I'm on steaks. Yeah. Like No I don't eat beef or a pork. I stopped eating beef 'cause it takes too long to process. Really. To break down about. Yeah, Jordan over the shaking the head said that's all right. I ain't got nothing to do with the meantime. So it'll break down just fine a day or two. I'm good. I ain't fighting. Hold up. I read you deadlifted 400 pounds. Probably like 4 55 or something like that. Man. Your little your little ass dude. 4 55. I'm probably like 500 Looking At you. You see I almost slammed you. But I told you Bud, I ain't wanna mess with that $150 million payday.


Man. Man. Hey everybody man. How you do Bud? Like come on man. Because hey, I think I'm gonna get me a little cut and get a little 5% cut. So, well did you, do you, did you have, you always lift lifted weights? Nah, don't. So you just lifted it now that you try to pick up a little bit? I just lifted just 'cause I needed to, I just wanted to lift it. Okay. And I just looked at it and said, no, I do that. You know, and I just, I was like, do it. I just, here look How many fights does Bud Crawford have left? As many as I want. But you don't wanna stay too long do you Bud? You want to enjoy it? There you Go. There you go. You just answered it.


Hello? Gervonta. Gervonta Davis say you need the money. Shit. What, what, what? What's, what's going on with you and Avante? If, if I'm a boxer, he a boxer. You a boxer. We all need the money. I ain't doing it for free. Thank you. What if Gervonta said, Hey, I come up to 1 54, I come up to 1 54 while you talking. Oh man, You go to one, you you, you'll fight Javonte at 1 54. I wish him the best. That's all I'm gonna say.


Why? Why, why? Why did they come? Is it because they, they feel they need to come for the guy that seems like he's on the top right now. And right now you're the guy on the top. So everybody's taking Ryan Garcia saying Canelo gonna beat Bud. They train together. They supposed to, he supposed to say that. And he's Mexican. He supposed to ride with his, with his peoples. Lemme ask you this, you can help out on this. This last fight, Roach and Javonte. Have you ever seen anything like that? Never. I mean, you can't take a, a knee. That's a, that's a, that's a knockdown whether you, 'cause I saw Floyd break his hand hitting the guy and took a knee and they gave Floyd an A count.


So I'm trying to figure out how ante avoided that. And then I'm trying to figure out how he got his guy come up to the top of the ring and white green side his eyes. They do that now. But I guess that's, that's, that's, that's part of the new, You know what I mean? Boxing era. When You saw that, what, tell me what you, when you saw this, you saw him take a knee and then you see he go, go to the, the apron and this guy come up to the top of the ring. Well you like, hold on. What, what's going on? I'm just, just confused as you I said, huh? I was just like, oh, that's crazy. And, and, and Steve Willis a a great referee.


He is. And he started counting then stopped Counting, stopped it Like, they said, Hey, hey, you better stop counting. He go, oh Wow. Hey don't do that again. You being a boxing official, you think Javonte won that fight? No, I don't think he, I don't think he won without the knockdown. You know, I thought it was a close, it was a close fight, You know, but I, I would've gave the edge to Roach. Wow. He fought a, he fought a great fight. Gervonta fought a great fight as well. But I just think he was overconfident. I don't think he took Roach like, I mean serious.


Like serious. Right. Because they, I guess they fought earlier and they fought amateur. One from DC to other, from Maryland. So they're very familiar with each other. Well But Pros is different than amateurs and You know, t stopping a lot of people, You know, probably felt like, man we fought when we were some little kids. Right man, I'm about to knock you out. Right. What about Gervonta and t and t? Should that, should they fight Javonte and Shakur And Shakur? Yeah. Yeah. They should fight. Why They fighting? I don't know. I think, I think all of 'em should fight. You know, I mean you got Lopez Temo, you got Lo Lo Chenko, you got Shakur, you got Tank, you got Garcia, you got five Guy.


That's a nice little, that's a nice little Deon. Haney, Deon Haney. Yeah. You got a, you got six guys. Don't nobody wanna fight. Nobody. I don't know. I think they all should, You know, be fighting each other. So what, what what, what what what we got going on Politics, Bro. If, if Shakur and Haney and Tank, if all them leave, if they retire with Undefeated records, that's some gie that's some straight up. And you, hey, You know it too Bud. Ain't no way. Those guys should have undefeated records if they're out in their prime and they damn near in the same.


No, ain't no way. Well T FMO got a loss already. Okay. You're right, you're right. But fight lo lo mow, He got a loss already Fight. I don't care if it's what, maybe he could put a loss on somebody else. I ain't gonna be the only one with a damn of loss that that's how I think. But that's how I think. Right. I ain't gonna be the only mo for walk around with a loss. Yeah, For sure. Definitely. Definitely. I think, I think they all should fight. You know, they all wanna fight each other. And I think, You know, with Turkey all Sheik in the, in the mix now and I think we'll get the whole Shit. They got big money over there. You you go fight over there. I ain't fought over there. You ain't gonna mess with 'em. Yeah, you would.


What? I said would you go to what did Dubai, Saudi Saudi Arabia. Yeah. They play big Buffalo there. If, if if if the ticket was what it's supposed to be there. Yeah. I'm a I'm a champion of the world. Yeah. Not of the country. If I had to travel the world to fight then so be it. Okay. I like that. Ryan Garcia and Tain, they, they talk about they might fight again, blah blah blah. This, there was a lot made about this rehydration clause. You don't have that. If I'm not mistaken, I don't Think you have this in this one. So theoretically he might, he's supposed to come in at 1 68.


Not in a fight. He might be 180, 180 5. You cool with that? I had sat down with Oscar and Oscar said he thinked the rehydration clause had a lot to do with why Ryan didn't defeat Avante. What do you think? I think two things. I think, well I'm gonna say three things. I think Ryan had a injury already preview, I mean previous and trainer. I think the way it did have an effect on him. 'cause when you see him with Devin, he was too.


Totally. Oh yeah. You know what I mean? Fighters. But in tank defense, I, I don't think fighters should be able to fight a fighter at one 30 and this fighter rehydrate to one 40 and you come in at 1 65. Right. You know, I don't think that's right. And I think that's the, the problem that Canelo had with Benavidez as well. These fighters coming in at like 200 pounds and they weigh in 1 68. Yeah. Damn. That's a, that's a, that's a big Ryan. He had, he had some things going on, You know, and we had the, I guess it was the tainted sample.


He said he had a, a trace of a steroid in the system and Devin Haney, You know, complained and he tried to sue him and so, so so what's going on? Why if, because I look at Ryan and I think if he focused he could be really good. He just have a lot of ish going on. Yeah. Do you feel like if he were to focus and took it serious? I mean you have to take it somewhat serious, but if he like totally locked in, They all came up with each other. Okay. So they know each other. So Yeah. They All know each other so well. Shakur Tank, Ryan, You know Devin, they all, they all know each other, You know. So is it hard to fight somebody You know? No. No, I'm just saying they all know each other so they know, You know, how to fight each other, how to beat each other and things like that.


'cause they didn't fought each other so many times. Right. What did you think about the, the, the Devin Haney and the Ryan Garcia fight? I think You know steroids. If he, he was on steroids, he tested positive. Right. Something to do with his, his performance. But at the same time, I can't take away from Ryan Garcia laying in the shots that he was laying all day. You know, I just think that when Devin got hit, he didn't recover. Right. You know, when he got hit he just couldn't recover from Ryan said he beat you. Huh? Ryan said he beat you.


He actually, he say he beat the ear outta you. I'm just saying that what a man said. He said it. I know he, Oh man. That's, that's, that's good. That's good for to think that We, we, we used to have this conversation ring. Would you fight Jake Paul? Nah, nah. Jake doing his thing. He too big. He too Big. Yeah, Jake big, but he doing his thing. Man. I'm gonna let Jake do what, Jake, you got 200 million for you. I'm fighting Jake Paul, I'm fighting Jake Paul. Come on Jake. Hey Logan. Forgive me. I gotta, I gotta fight your brother man.


When you watch the Tyson and the Jake Paul fight, come on man. I love Tyson. But Tyson shouldn't have been out there right. Biting his gloves and stuff. Was he biting his glove because that was a tick or was he biting his glove like, man, I would've hit the joke upside his head so bad. But I can't, I don't know. I don't know. I don't want, I don't want to spread no rumor, but Tyson shouldn't have been in there right at all. And no way, shape or form or fashion. Should Jake Paul ever be able to say he beat Mike Tyson.


Tyson? Right. You know what I mean? Like Mike Tyson old, You know Them the 60. Yeah. Old enough to be my dad. Yeah. You know, and he shouldn't have been in there. You boxed Connor. Yeah, Definitely. Why not? The money was right. We get in there. Why, why do you think the appeal is Because we see a lot of these guys, a lot of the MMA guys want to come to the sport of boxing. We saw Francis Nand, he did pretty good against Tyson Fury. And then he got in there with Anthony Joshua and it didn't go so well. We saw Conor McGregor get in there with Floyd. Even though Floyd was past his prime, it seemed like Floyd Toy weighed him, drug him out to the deep, held his head up under the water until he, he couldn't get, get, couldn't get any oxygen.


I mean what's the, what's the appeal of a UFC fighter wanting to fight, wanting to box It's money. Money. It is all about money. Yeah. You know, I did a interview with a couple of UFC fighters, Henry now, and we was, I was telling them boxers will make way more money than UFC fighters. Right. You know, and that's mainly what it come down to. Right. You know, money, the, the UFC fighter see that the crossover fights like Mayweather and Conor McGregor.


How well it Did Conor was compensated. Yeah. They like hold, hold Up and then you see what Francis Nu and, and, and, and and Anthony Joshua, the compensation that Francis Nu he probably made 20 times what he's ever made in a UFC fight. Definitely. I'm just being, You know, maybe I'm hyperbole here, but I think he probably made at least five times what he's ever made in the UFC fight. Yep. So when they, when they see that, then they just, when know it sparks their interest, You know. But then when they say, oh well boxers need to go to the, the, the cage, then the boxers, boxers ain't never asking to go over there and fight because Boxers are compensated.


Yeah. So it's like You'all come over here Right. And fight us because y'all wanna make more money. Right. We not trying to go over there and make less money in the gon get kicked or broke, choked out and stuff there. Right. So it's a difference. Anthony, Jo, Jake Paul say you wanna fight Anthony Joshua. Damn Jake Paul wanna fight everybody. I think, I think Anthony and Joshua too big. Jake big. He ain't, I mean Joshua like two 50. Yeah. J Jake Paul be, they both be Who you put your money on then. Come On man. Stop.


Don't, don't do that to don't do that to, I, I would put look, I mean that's a, you talking about that is a, a Gold. I think Joshua won the gold medal in the Olympics. He's a, I mean look a chin suspect. Yeah. The chin like, like this glass. No man, them dudes big man. He big too. He got too much muscle though. He got too much muscle. And I, I don't never say nobody chin suspect in the heavyweight division. You gotta be able to take a punch. He did take a punch. They did. He took a few, You know what I mean? Them dudes big man. Yeah, I know Mack Truck boom.


He win it too. Get you. Nah, hell nah. Oh. That's what I'm saying. Hey, hey. A little guy hitting you with a punch you don't see. Can you imagine a big guy hitting you with a punch you don't see, But just imagine a big guy hitting you with a punch you can see I Don't wanna See it. You can't do nothing about it. Yeah, exactly. You Know what I mean? Them big dudes punching. Oh yeah. Let Bit help me with this Deontay Wilder. He was, he was running through, he was knocking everybody out and it was always the same, the overhand. Right. Fury fought the first time. Thought he had Fury and Fury raised up like the undertaker. Yeah. Sat up in the ring, got up, it was a draw. But a lot of people thought Fury won and I thought both of 'em won.


You thought both of 'em won? You thought it was a draw? You thought the draw was a, was a fair outcome? Yeah, because I thought, I thought Fury won a decision hands down. But I thought they should have called the fight off. I thought why they knocked him out. Okay, Now the second fight. Hmm. Yeah. Deontay said it was the suit. He had this new suit way. Oh I was there. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? He had that big old suit that it, it was cool though. It looked good. Yeah. But now, You know, when you come out with something like that, you gotta, you gotta be ready to rock and roll Bud. I think them fights took a lot outta Deontay water. They did.


You know? And then on top of that, once Tyson Fury felt his punch of power and he stood up to it, he wasn't afraid to get hit with it no more. Hmm. And I think that just, You know, Because once a guy don't feel your power, you kinda, It did something towards mental. 'cause he is so used to, Because then nobody had ever get ever gotten up. When he landed that shot flush, no fighter had ever gotten up. Right. And when he stood, sat up in that ring and he got up, what do I, what do I do now? If you hit the guy with your best shot, you hit him, Bam. What I'm gonna do hit him again.


You gonna take these all night. I ain't gonna hit you and be like, oh shit. Nah. I'm be like, all right, you gonna have to eat 'em all night. We ain't gonna stop just there, You know. Oh man. So, but then I watched Fur. I I thought after watching Fury fight and I watched him fight Deontay Wilder, watched him fight a couple of other guys. I got a little concerned when he fought Joshua. But I didn't think he took Joshua serious. I don't think he fought, excuse me, I don't think he taught when he fought Francis. And I don't think he took him serious. And so I was like, man, can't nobody, and then I watched Usic, he get in the ring with Alexander Usic and Usic just how, what did what? I'm like, how bro, you seem unbeatable for like 3, 4, 5 fights and now you just Styles make fights.


So when you used to fighting these big slower guys with, with a slower pace and you get in with a smaller guy with a faster pace, with more movement and things like that, it kind of, it's kind of harder than Right. Fighting those guys that you've been fighting, You know, in the past. And then us if he's, he's tremendously talented. Yeah. You know, so he gonna faint you. He gonna move, he gonna slip, he gonna counter you and he gonna tie you up. Things like that. So it's difficult. Right. Do ab ab scamming these guys in the dice game?


Is that, is that why you don't, you say you don't gamble anymore because you say man, I feel like I was taking money from my homies and probably some of the money that I was taking was my money to begin with. So all I'm doing is get my money back and they wasn't gonna be able to pay me back. But are you, I mean, have you ever heard of a story like this before? Never. Because You know people, boy a in the hood, they, they normally get you do stuff like that man, I wonder if they fabricating the How the amount. Okay. What they say at one point, but No, they say 5 million, 6.5 and six dice game. Nah, They say at 1.5. I'm telling you 6.5. It ain't no 6.5. I'm telling You They said 1.5, they didn't say six.


Give give my phone, give my phone. We gonna pull this up my Phone. They didn't say 6.5 Man. Come on now. We down, we finna pull this up Bud. Man. Hey listen, you gotta get it how you live. Oh nah. Hey you, hey if he, if if they allowed him to get him in dice for that much money, then they deserve to get their money to, because how the hell did you in a street dice game, allow yourself to get that much money took from you. It's crazy man. Nah Man. What the Instant? Nah, that's, that's, that's a fake sight.


No, Ain't no fake fight. That's a fake sign. It collected 6.5 million from the scheme, including 1.5 million from current NBA Allstar 5 million, 5 million from former from former players and 1.5 million from current A b hitting them. Hey, hey, hey, hey, You know the point that ten four, ten ten ten four, that ten four bring the dice game up because ain't nobody gonna believe you gonna hit the flowers in that little Joe. Oh man, they Man somebody hurt you about that kind of money man. For real though.


What? And and probably because they are NBA players and they didn't do anything. But if you do somebody like that, that's a hood. Oh they, they, they sin for you. You know that man A being crazy. But man look, A B had a nice, had a nice, had a nice career. Yeah. Go ahead man. Man, man. When ab, after some of the fight when ab started getting cooked, man, ab like I'm getting cooked. Oh man, he had this Ron, when When will Bud know it's time to leave?


Oh, when my mom tell me to stop. If she don't tell you to stop, you gonna keep going. Nah, I don't know. How old is your oldest kid? Child? 17, Youngest One. You want the youngest to see what you do. They all see what I do. He Don't, he don't want the 1-year-old ain't see nothing yet. Oh no, no, no. He ain't going. He ain't gonna be able to see it. Well he see it, he Watching. He just don't know what he watching. Yeah. He ain't gonna be able to understand. But I been the, the lion. So 17 is the oldest, so you probably got probably what, like three over the age of 10? Yeah.


So they know. So for a lot the, the older ones, they know what you do. They know who daddy is. They know what I do. Okay. All my kids, even my daughter, she's four. She know what I do. So you good? I mean, so now, yeah, I'm struggling. So I mean you want to, oh, what you wanna do this till you're 40? You want to like a couple more fights. Two 40 is crazy. Yeah man. But I don't know. I'm focused right now on this one. I all So you, I hey I worry about, I'll worry about tomorrow. Tomorrow, but right now yeah. This gets laser focused. There you go. Right now we, we in it. Right. What have you learned about money?


It's paper. It comes and goes to change people. I sure like it better coming than going. Yeah. But it's, it's, the crazy thing is what money do for you but make you comfortable. It don't make you happy. No, it don't fix things. It can fix certain things. What About freedom? It does allow you a certain level of freedom. Ah, in certain aspects. 'cause you can have money. You can have a lot of money, but still can't get in certain places. You, you can have a lot of money but still can't sit at certain people table. Right. You know. So money is just a tool that you use to, You know, be somewhat comfortable.


What's the worst investment you've made? You buy some, I mean, you say you don't, you're not big in the cars. You never bought no rolls, no Ferrari. What the hell? You driving a pick up truck in no market? Yeah. Yeah. I do Got a, I do got a pickup truck. A 2025 GMC Denali HD or no hd. Okay. Ultimate Put. Yeah. 2,500. Who or a five? You got a farm? I drag your little car. Actually I, hey, you wanna talk about my truck? I hook, I hook your little ride Up.


Well You know that diesel you gonna be like, hey, hey, hey. I sha I'ma get that, I'ma go get me a six 50 tomorrow. That's cool. And, and pull the rear end off your truck. You ain't gonna pull the rear end. We gonna be fighting. No, but I got cars though. I got too Monte Carlos. I got a G wagon, I got a demon. I got Oh, You got the demon, huh? Yeah, I got the, I got the Black Ghost. Yeah. Don't let me catch you on the street. That's cool. But let's go. Don't let me catch you's because I know y'all got a lot of straight highways out there in Omaha. Yeah, let's go. Ain't nothing really worry about a pig crossing the street or something like that. Man.


We ain't got no pigs. You are bad. Talking about you got No, We, we don't got no regular pig. When you talking about Texas? No, I'm talking about, oh, I'm talking about Nebraska. Lemme ask, lemme ask you this ho. Hey man, you ain't gonna keep talking about Nebraska. Where you from? Oh, country. Oh Country. I'm from Georgia. Yeah. Old country Town. Atlanta, Georgia. I ain't from, I'm from south. I'm from south Georgia. It trust me. It it's country town, Georgia. It? Yeah. Oh. What's out there? Farmland? Yeah, hogs. We got wheat. Wheat, onions, onions. Yeah, it's just, it's farmland. That's what you farmland. Come on man. Your place can't compare to my place.


Come On man. Georgia, you rather live Georgia? I rather live, I live in Atlanta. No, no, no, no. Where you From? Not where you live at. You live. You live where you live at? I said where you from? Go ahead. You ain't gonna keep talking about, I mean, Omaha. I wanna come to Omaha. I'm gonna check it out. Well Come to Omaha. Come to Omaha. What, what? Okay. What's the dish? What, what is Omaha famous for? What food, what dish are you? I just told you What? Steaks. Oh yeah. Omaha steaks. Yeah. What else the hell am I supposed to, you don't eat meat, so how You know? Shit, I used to work there. Those people used to buy their bugs up, boy.


Yeah. All over the world. They talk about Omar on steaks. Yeah, they do. I used to eat beef. I ain't like, I ain't never eat beef before. Right. So, so what's Bud's favorite meal? So if your mom or somebody Pasta. Pasta. Yeah. Gimme some lasagna, some pizza. I'm, I'm a pasta. I mean pizza. Pizza is okay. I, I ain't, I ain't no lasagna, no spaghetti. Yeah. That's me. You a breakfast person. I don't really be eating breakfast like that. Really? I eat here and learn. I need, i i I eat it when I'm training though. Right. When I'm in training camp, I eat all my meals. Right. Yeah. Are you ever gonna leave Omaha or you there to stay? I'm probably there to stay. I'm probably stuck there.


So what, What about the kids? What about the kids? Say, dad, You know what a Peace out. I see you when you come back. Yeah. I'm, I'm comfortable. Right. You know how like certain certain people, like you might move back to Alabama. You never know. Right. You know what I mean? They, they be gone for 40 years. They like man, when I die, I wanna be buried home where I was born. So I'm going come back home, settle down, gimme a house. And You know, last 10, 20 years of my 15 years of my life, I'm gonna be home. You a big sports fan. What? NBA player. NFL player you believe could box. Because I see Dame, I see Dame hitting the gloves.


Dame Dame got some skills for sure for Boxer Car. Anthony Towns, he be training, You know what I mean? He got, he got some skills. My boy D Smoke, he definitely got some skills. He, he be really boxing. Boxing, You know football players, Ochocinco ocho. Man, you gotta tell him stop playing with you Man. This yo, he played, he swear he Floyd Mayweather. Oh was It man, was it La Damian Thomas LaDanian Thomas. Man, he knocked that dude out then he, Oh no, you talking about nah, you talking about, you talking about the guy from Pittsburgh, the running back.


Oh, Labon Labon. Bellon Be, yeah, Knocked that he locked, he locked that Adrian Peterson? Yeah. Adrian Peterson. Yeah. Frank Gore. Frank Gore fight. Yeah. Frank Gore can fight too. I was just having dinner with Frank Gore, but yeah man, LA Dame and Tyson. Hey, I got somebody I need you to train Steven a, can you help him out, man. You seen them upper cuts Steven? They were throwing. Yeah Man, I saw them things coming from, What's up with him with LeBron man? LeBron. Hey come on man. I got you. I got him. I got him. Yeah, you gotta help him out man. I, I mean he said yeah, his rotator Old though man.


He old though man. Yeah, he old man. He need to cheat machine. They ain't worry about fighting no more. Man. You ain't gotta, you ain't gotta throw a punch shitty back. So you, you gonna train him. Steven, I got you Bug gonna come in. He gonna train you going get you how to teach you me still with your feet. How to sit down, spin out front talk. I'm gonna teach him how to, You know what I mean? Teach him how to run. No, teach him how to run. He ain't gotta run. Yeah, he just gotta work his finger out. Work his finger. Keep it steady, You know, keep it steady and straight. You too old for all that. You a Laker fan? Yes. You a Laker fan or you a LeBron fan? I'm A Laker fan. I ain't even want LeBron to be on the Laker. What? Yeah, But we gonna fall out.


We Gonna fall out. Why would I want LeBron on the Lakers when we was competing against LeBron. Y'all hadn't been competing in a long time. Ah, we won y'all ain't wasn't no championships. 2009 to 2010 And we won against the who? Get your hands. Lemme Ask you a question. You remember, you remember when you beat Miami? Who was on the team when they beat Miami in the bubble? It don't matter. LeBron was with us. That's what I'm saying. But what I'm saying is when LeBron played for Cleveland and all that, yeah, we was competing against Yeah. Yeah, we competing. That's what I'm saying. So I didn't want LeBron on Lakers. Now you didn't want LeBron and Kobe. I wanted Kobe. Man can just imagine LeBron and Kobe.


Yeah, but that was imaginary. But see now just think about what a Lakers would be if they didn't have LeBron. Yeah, we'll have somebody else. Well yeah, you remember what you had when Kobe retired? We'll have somebody else. Nothing. We'll have somebody else. No you didn't. Hold on. Is it true Trey songs tried to fight you? Nah, that why everybody keep talking about that Man. Trey songs was just having a moment. He was, You know what I mean? Having, he Gonna put a miss on you. He gonna put a miss on you. Put The miss. Huh? Put the myth on me. It's crazy. He just was having a moment. Did he know who you were?


I don't know that. That's why I said I couldn't understand. But you really Couldn't gauge it because you like, He serious. Do I do this for real? Yeah. Like yeah, that's what it was. Is he serious or he just playing? Because I'm waiting for him to be like, ha, I'll just play with you. But he didn't do that. Nah, you gonna put, I wasn't going to punch him When you would do a body blow, I was gonna choke him. Come on Man. Come on man. Yeah, I was gonna choke him. He would've did one of 'em crazy swings. I've ducked him. Choke him. Do I mean, has anybody like, because a lot of times people might, because they, they look at your size and they might not know who you are.


Right. And they like feel some type of way. You ain't never got into it with a celebrity, have you? Somebody like talking trash. You like, bro, come on. This ain't what you want. No, that was the only person that's really, yeah, I had lightweight, got into a little altercation with Jeezy but it was not like that. Right. But yeah, I wouldn't choke you. I don't even wanna punch you. Have you ever been choked before? No. So just imagine somebody like got your life in their hands. Yeah. And they decide whether they want to let you go or not. Damn. So just imagine when them people getting choked out in the U ffc.


Yeah. And they like, just imagine if so if he tap you, you ain't gonna let it go. That's what I'm Saying. Just Imagine it. You think about it. If ain't no riff. If ain't no riff Right. Be like hurry, let him go. You know what I mean? Like you going to get up and you going to think twice. Like, and I nigga could have killed killed Me. Yeah, for Sure. Yeah. So you just choke him and just be like, hey, now, now, now get on now. Clarissa Shields, I don't think there's really any question that she's the best woman's boxer today of All time. All time. You putting over Lay Ali All time. And I love Layla Wolf all time Coal miner's daughter All time. Really?


There's no comparison. Damn. At all. All time. I love Layla too. Yeah, but ain't nobody coming close to Clarissa. Right. Two time Olympic gold medal. Yes. Three time undisputed. Yes. Well how many weight classes? She did? Six. Six different weight classes. Now I understand it ain't a lot of women boxers. Right. But, But she the best of what's out there. What's ever been out there That still don't take away the accolades, right. That she pos. Right. It's no, it's no comparison.


You got your name got dropped in a dis zone Kendra Lamar name drop you on the this song you like. So when people have your, so what's it like to like hear you now? Because I wanna hear my name called in a, a song. Right. I don't care what the song is. I just wanna hear my name called in the song. That's, that's it. Forever. Because you don't even know what Yeah. Your name in that song forever. You know that, right? Yeah, for Sure. My, my name been in plenty of songs, You know. But when I heard it I was just like, oh, that's crazy. Right. And that was it. Like everybody was hitting me up like, man Kendrick put you in this song, You know? I was just like, oh yeah. I was like, oh that's crazy.


You know? And I just left it at that. I didn't get like, You didn't all get all excited like, nah, no, I'm getting residuals from this. No, I ain't getting shit. What the fuck? You know You was on the set of Creed three with Michael B. Jordan and Jonathan Major. What's it like being on the set? Because they, they was, were they fishing you like? No, it was dope. It was dope. You know to see Michael B. Jordan in his His Element Form. Yeah. In his element. And see him navigating everything they shooting and then he stopping and he grabbing the camera and he like, alright, we're gonna do this and we're gonna do this. And I was just like, I'm looking back like, man, this dude talented man. Yeah. You know, for you to be in person acting Right.


Then directing, then changing stuff. You know what I mean? Like how we gonna do it this way? Right. I'm like man, that's cold. You know? What's it like to knock someone out? You don't even feel it. You Don't. Nah, sometimes. Sometimes you don't even feel it. Like you knock somebody out, you be like, man, I ain't even hit 'em that hard. Because the ones that you try to hit with Don't get him out. Yeah. You be missing them or it don't get 'em out. But the ones that you least expected, it'd be like whoa. It kind of surprise you. Right. But sometimes when you hit them, You know what I mean? And you can feel it. You be like, I know I got 'em. Fuck.


You know? So it be cool. So You know when you get that, what's the hardest, what's the hardest hit You've been hit Punch you've received? Probably Gabo Bells ring is like buzzing. Like Yeah He, he buzz me, I walk right into it when you watch that fight and I was just put my hands down was like I had just hit him with a upper cut. Walked And thought you had him off. Nah, I just looked at him like, and he just cracked that motherfucker said, boom, motherfucker, let me grab his ass.


Is today's boxers as tough as the boxers? No. Damn. You ain't, lemme finish Bud. It ain't boxers back in the days was way tougher than the boxers of today. Could you imagine fighting with six ounce hoar hair gloves for 15 rounds. You get knocked down, the person's standing o over you so when you get up he can punch you again. Wow. Or they used to fight until somebody got knocked out. He used to be unlimited rounds. So it's just like, man, it's crazy man. Them, them people was crazy. Yeah. But I think our skills have evolved more than there.


Yeah. Yeah. I Agree. You know. So It's a trade off. Yeah. Sex before a fight. Where are you on sex before a fight. Yeah. Nay man I'm Hitting something. But it But what about all the fighters say, nah, you, you part, you don't partake in any of that. That's a lie. I've been doing that my whole career. I think it's a, it's my remedy. Remedy for what? Before I fight. Relax You. Yeah. Relax me. Yeah. I swear to God. Like I swear Not the night before the fight, but No, no, no. The week before. Nah. Like, like Friday Hold Do at training camp Like Friday, Thursday. Like Thursday Thursday. Before the fight.


Yeah. Yeah. I swear to God. Like everybody always ask me, You know, because that been the thing people always want to know if I did. I'm like yeah Right. And relax me, but I don't want to go in the ring all like uptight. Right. I want to go in there smooth Right. Water, like being able to see everything. Right. You know what I mean? But it ain't for everybody.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and free agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts


Because you hear all that. Nah, I don't, I don't do that. But were you nervous? Because you had heard, I'm sure everybody told you, man, you can't have no sex before the fight, man. No sex before the fight the whole time, the whole six weeks, eight week teams weeks, however long it is. Man, you can't do that. And you did it and then you won that. Okay. Nah, I just look at it like when you training, when you playing football. Right. They tell you not to have sex. They say get off your feet. Okay. But they ain't say nothing about her on her feet. My point. My point. Thank you. So, so, so when you, I tell people this, when you not training for a fight Right.


You fuck and then you go work out. Right. You don't think about it. The only reason why you tired is 'cause you trying to be a porn star. Right. If you let her do all the work Right, you good. You saving your leg. Think you lay there, you ain Hip thrusting. Right. Squatting Right. You ain't doing none of that. Right. You know what I mean? You just getting your load off. Right. You know what I mean? And if you good, but if you want to go out there and you performing and stuff like that, that's a workout. Of course you gonna be tired. Right. So that's, that's what my take on it. Right. Kids, you got seven, Right? All your kids are by the same woman. Six. Six of them. Yeah. My last one not You want more kids or you done?


I don't know. Damn Nick Cannon. Nah, Nah. Canon got, cannon got too many baby mamas, You know what I mean? Nah. Would you let your boys, you'll let the, even the girls, you let them box. You let them play football? No, no boxing. No boxing, no football. Come on. Damn. You did it. That's why I did it. So they don't Have to do it. But what is that say Dad? No. You 1150. No, he gonna be, he's Like sit down. No, he's 6 3 200 But then he ain't gonna be six three 'cause I'm not six foot in his mama and I six foot. So, so, so he ain't gonna be six nothing.


He lucky if he gonna be five, eight, You know what I mean? They, they, You guys have been together since the beginning. Right. I mean, and You know, but, and the thing is, is like I think everybody wants that, that that that fairytale when I didn't have anything I had you, now that I have everything, I still have you. It doesn't happen often. But I think everybody, I think most guys long for that. How did You know or did You know, highs, lows in between? No matter what she was going be she'll rider her. She put her to the test.


How you No, I'm saying you both put to the test. Right. It's not just just her. Right. You, You put to the test to deal with the stuff that she brings To bring to the table. You know what I mean? And she so forth. So You know, it's both, it's a two way street when it comes to that. Because you gonna put her with a lot just like she gonna put her with a lot and y'all, I gotta see if things work out. Right. What has having her in your life, what has that meant to you? Oh it meant a lot. You know, because she supportive with my kids and things like that. She handle my kids and it's not hard. I mean, it's not easy taking care of six kids by yourself. No. So I love her dearly for that.


So when I'm out of training camps and You know like out in Vegas right now, she handling the house and handle and holding the for down. Right. So it is, it is definitely appreciated. Right. You know for me to have a person like that in my corner. But you said something interesting. You said the last one is not by her. Right? Last one not by her. Oh. And you, me to tell me how you sitting here with your eye not closed. Things happen like, You know, different circumstance. How did you Walk us through it? How you go home? Hey baby, how you doing babe?


How you doing today? I'm good Bud. What's going on? I brought you something. Hey Bud. What's going on? Shit, I, You know. Hey, so how you doing? Sit down. Lemme Bud. What you want to, what you gotta tell me Bud? Nigga got one on the way. Just like that Bud. Shit, you can't lie. How you gonna lie? What you rather tell her now Or It's gonna be worse when the baby comes? Right? I'm just a man. What she say? What she say? Yeah. Did you yell scream dot your I Man You had, oh Hey, Hey You know what Bud?


You ain't got you. Hey, hey. You ain't got no 300,000 car? She got one? No, she driving Mercedes Maybach. GLE? No, she gonna get Maybach. Oh. You tripping Dad. You tripping. Maba. No. Fuck. You know Maybach as that GLE Fuck is it? Nah. Yeah. Yeah. It's nice. That mug nice. It drive by itself and all. Damn. How many kids you got? Three big mama baby mamas. Three.


Three different baby mamas. Yeah. So the first one then Tcho Eye, the second one didn't tcho other eye. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. No, but I, I wasn't, I wasn't with them like that Bud. Nah, nah, nah. I don't care what you mean. You was with 'em to have a baby by, but I'm Saying I They thought you was with 'em. No, I was with 'em. They thought you was with 'em to It. It wasn't like your situation. But I wish I'd had a situation. That's the only thing I regret. That's the only regret that I have. I wish I'd had all three with the same one. Yeah. No matter whoever I would, whoever I was gonna be with, I wish I, I'd have been able to do that. See, I'm cool. I'm good. You Want more kids too? You ain't done, I bet you have 10. I bet if I come back, I bet if I come back four years from now, I bet you have 10.


I wanted 10. I did. I used to always say I'm gonna have 10 kids. Man. You know kids expensive Bud Is, that's why I'm like, that's why I pushed off like, hey hold up man. Yeah. Especially when they started getting older. It ain't like when you talk my dad Can I, I'm 17, can I get a car? And they like, when you and I kid Bud, it ain't, You know It. But I, I I love it. I love it. My house is never dull. Right. You know, I love being a father. You know, I love, You know, the whole yelling and arguing. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Man, that 'cause you gonna miss it when you get older. Yeah. You gonna be sitting around there with your, with your wife. She gonna be grumpy.


It's gonna be a while before you have to worry about that. I understand that. But you gonna be bored and you gonna be like, damn, let me go baby. Can you make some grandkids? You know what I mean? Right. Because you gonna want them, them kids to love you and things like that. And I just, You know, my grandma, she owe and she broke her ankle one time and they put her in a nursing home to rehabilitate her, her, her ankle And to go in there and to see all those old people that don't have no family sad or the family members Don't come.


Right. Don't come as off yet. I never wanted to be like that. Like I never wanted to be like that. I never want to die, You know, not loved or mistreated or my family not being there to take care of 'em. Right. So, You know, I know my kids, but I know they better. Not After all I done, y'all better be here. They not, I ain't going to no home unless they right here. Thank you. And y'all come take care of me. Thank You. Thank you. And that's the joy of having a big family. You know, everybody stick together. My kids ain't gotta worry about friends. They got each other, You know, at the end of the day. And when they mom and they dad and they, grandma and grandpa pass away, they gonna still have each other from start to finish.


Right. You know, they gonna have each other 'cause they gonna have me from the start, but they ain't gonna have me from the finish. Right. But they gonna have each other from start to finish. Best of luck Bud Crawford. Appreciate It. You say you, you seem like you getting ready. You, I mean you, you real, you real loose right now. Yeah. But I can tell that the storm is, is brewing. Right. Right. And you, you getting ready for something special? I'm chilling. I'm chilling. I'm Always, I'm always ready. I'm always ready for something special. You know what I mean? You just gotta stay ready so you don't gotta get ready.


So lemme ask you this. When you like, You know what, how do you determine, like do you determine, do your team determine who and where you gonna fight? Or do you say like, You know what, I wanna fight this guy. He gotta belt. I think that'll be a very compelling fight. That's a fight that makes money and it increases my legacy. Well it's a, it is a team, You know, approach. But for the most part, at the end of the day, it's my decision. Right. Because I'm the one that gotta go in there and, and fight and put the gloves on and risk my health and my life. So at the end of the day it's, it's on me. Right. And my, my team just supportive of what I want to accomplish in the support of boxing. You and I were talking earlier and you said you've gotten, you was a football player and then you like man later f because you were small.


I Think you told me you were four 11. Four 11 in the, in the As a freshman. Yeah. And so how did you determine, how did you decide to say, You know what, I'm gonna try boxing. Well, I was already boxing at the age of seven. Okay. Okay. You know what I mean? So being that I had, I had got kicked out, You know, I went to other sports. Right. So I went to basketball, football, wrestling, baseball, things like that. So playing different sports along the, the way when I got a little older I was just like, man, you gotta make a decision. Right. What sport you going to play? And I was just like, man, kind of too short to play basketball. Even though I played basketball in high school. I was just like, I'm going back to boxing. What drew you to the sport of boxing?


I think boxing drew itself to me. Okay. You know, I Think You like to fight. Huh? I love to fight. Fight. I just think, You know, being that my dad, my uncle, my grandpa, You know, my mom was around boxing her whole life. I think it was just something that was in the blood. Right. You know? And that's what chose me. So, You know, I've been boxing ever since. Who was your favorite fighter growing up? Did you watch Sugar Ray Haggler. Hearns Benitez, Roy Jones. I mean, who was some of the guys that you, Roy Jones always been my favorite fighter of all time. Really? Roy Jones, Floyd Mayweather, hands down. Wow. So you kind of, you kind of follow him.


Kind of what, You know, I think Floyd started off at 1 30, 35, 40, 47. Went to 54. You started out at 35, 40, 47. Junior middleweight. Now you gonna try to, we're gonna talk about that a little later. Jump two, two weight classes, go all the way to 1 68. Super middle weight. Roy did the unthinkable. Started out a junior middleweight 60, 68. Go all the way to 1 93. Take the belt from Ruiz, come back down, do light, do a light heavyweight. When you were thinking like, hold on. In order to be special, it's hard to be special and just stay in one weight division. Were you, did you always envision going up in weight and try to clean out each division?


Not at all. You know, when, when I look at my life and how I started boxing, I always envisioned myself being a world champion. Okay. That was it. That was it. I never thought about being fighter of the year pound, pound number one. Fighter Of the world. Six times fighter of The year. You know what I mean? Like none of that, You know, well nominated. Right. Probably six times, You know. But I never thought of that. You know, I just was like, I want to be a world champion. Right. That's it. You know? But along the lines of becoming a world champion, I was like, oh man, I want more. More. I'm not finished it. I want more. So every time I grab, You know, a new accolade, I'm like, all right, I want more.


I want You find something else to accomplish. Yeah, for sure. Because when I'm looking at it, Bud, you're the first male two time in two different weight classes to be undisputed than the four belt era. Yeah. That you got RIA if there's a belt, if there's a Imez belt, YSL Tom Ford, you got it. Correct. W-B-A-I-B-F, ring Magazine, whatever the bell is, you have in two divisions, you're the only male, you're the first male to do that. When you sit back, I mean, probably you haven't had an opportunity to really think about it because you're still in it. Do you realize and understand just how special what you've done thus far is? Yeah. All the time. You know what I mean? Like, I was, I was at my house the other day.


I just built a new house. It just got done. And I was like, man, It's an Omaha coffee. $57. I was, Hey Manha, I ain't gonna tell you Hey. No, but listen. So I was sitting in the house and I was just sitting there and I was just like, man. 'cause sometimes I don't congratulate myself. Right. You know, I just, You know, keep it moving. Right. And I was like, man, thank you God. I was just like, man, you did all this with your hands, like from this little dusty, little black, little black dude from the neighborhood. Right. That is your name on the street now.


Right. You did all that came this far to this, You know, it's a blessing. So I was just like, man, pat myself on the back. Look at my accomplishments and You know what I mean? And just think to myself like, anything is possible. Because You hear a lot of athletes says, You know, when you say, well what do you think you've done? He's like, well, once I'm done, I'll get an opportunity to look back. Yeah. And because a you, you're still in the journey facts. You haven't arrived at the destination where you say, You know what? I'm putting the gloves up. I'm hanging the trunks up and I'm in. You're still, you're still on this journey. And, and for you to sit here and say, You know what I did, I mean, I was at the house the other day and I'm looking around, I'm looking at the belts on the walls and I'm looking at all the accolades and I'm like, wow, I did all this.


When you say I did all this, what are you thinking? Nah, I'm just thinking like, You know, More to come. More to do. It's definitely more to come. Okay. It's def that's why I said anything is possible. Right. You know, because I was doubted my whole life, You know, coming up, You know, nobody thought I was gonna be where I'm at. Right. You know, I didn't think I was gonna be where I'm at. Right. Especially living the life that I was living. So, You know, to accomplish so much in the sport of boxing when so many roadblocks was in front of me. And try to stop me and block me from accomplishing the things that I'll accomplish this far. It's like, dog, you, you overcame so much.


You can, you can overcome even more in the future. Do you sleep well? Building up to the fight? Like obviously you say, You know, like the last six weeks you might go, you might come to Vegas, you might go to Colorado Springs or somewhere to go to get altitude training. But let's just say the last two weeks of a fight, the last week, the la the waning. I like let's say last week leading up to the fight, because you probably arrived, you, when you, if you're fighting in Vegas, how soon do you get to Vegas? Probably like two weeks. Two weeks Before. Yeah. Do you sleep good? Yeah, of course. Do you still get nervous? Oh, all the time. I, I think everybody get nervous. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't know a fighter personally that will keep it real and be like, oh, I don't get nervous.


Right. Like, 'cause you never know. Like, I don't care how good you is. I don't care how bad you Think you are. That opponent always has a chance. Huh. Everybody always got a chance. You know, it could be a, a punch that you don't see or some stupid, crazy, You know what I mean? Punch and You know, it's over with. You know what I heard Floyd Mayweather and I talked to Floyd and he said that he didn't watch his opponents, he didn't watch film and his opponent, that was his dad's job. That was his Uncle Roger's job. They did that and they would implement the game plan. Right. Do you watch film on your opponents or do you leave that up to your training team to tell you, okay, this is what he does and this is how we're gonna combat that? Well, for the most part, everybody that I fought already seen him fought.


Okay. Because I'm a fan of the sport. Okay. You know, so I follow you anyway, You know. But far as like watching you and studying you and sitting down, nah. Like I'll watch some fights of you in camp be, but you're not gonna fight me the same way. Right. No, no fighter that I ever fought fought me the exact same way that they fought Someone else Previously in age. But when I played, I, I didn't wanna watch a team that we're gonna play. So if they're playing on a Monday night football, I'm not gonna watch 'em because I didn't want to get a false sense. Because if they play really good, I'd be like, damn. Yeah. How are we gonna beat this team? If they play bad, I'm gonna be like, oh, we got a cakewalk. So anybody that we're gonna play, I'm not watching them on television now obviously I'm gonna watch the film 'cause I gotta break 'em down.


I wanna know what they're gonna do down in distance, dis area of the field and things like that. But for you to say like, You know, I've studied them so you are watching them. Let's just say you are ringside and you are watching them and you're like, man, if I fought this dude, I would do this, this, I would take this away. I would do this. I walk him into this trap. Is that how you're thinking when you walking? Because I'm analyzing the game. If I'm watching a football game, I'm analyzing it. Oh, they're in this formation. They're vulnerable here. Okay. You better be careful 'cause the bliss can come catch you. Here. I'm analyzing the game. I'm just not look thinking about touchdowns or catches or yards. I'm, I'm analyzing the game. I'm playing the game within the game. Is that how you do it? Nah, You Just, you, you a fan. A fan. Okay. You know what I mean? Really. You can do That. Yeah. I'm watching as a fan, You know, I see openings, but at the same time, it depends on if it's one of my teammates or somebody I know that's fighting the, the fighter or, or whatnot.


But I'm just watching as a fan. But if I'm about to fight somebody, right. And I do watch, I just watch for tendencies. Okay. Things that, You know, they do on a consistent basis. Okay. You know, he do this, he do this, he do this, he don't like this. You know, they don't like certain things in a, in a, in a, in a fight. So. Right. You just break certain little, little things down. When you, you sit in ringside, do you get annoyed when people like, Hey, what you think Bud, if he win it, he lose it. What, what, what would you do? 'cause when I'm at a, when I'm at a football game, it's hard. Or I, when I would go to a bar, Hey, what do you think? Was that a holding? What should they have called here? What should they have done there?


I'm like, bro, I'm, I'm trying to, can you really enjoy the fight when you're at a fight? Yeah. For sure. You know what I mean? 'cause for the most part, I'm with people that knows boxing. Okay. They know the, the Game. Okay. You know, so I'm not, I'm not in a area where it's a whole lot of fans that don't know what they watching. Okay. So I like to be, You know, in a spot where, You know, it's a lot of boxing knowledge, You know, and then for the most part, You know, everybody's just watching it. Right. You know, you hear people yelling out things like jab or keep your hands up and so, so forth. But I'm just watching. You don't, so you don't ever know like, man, come on bro, you should have ran this man, get down here. Yeah.


Yeah. You, you Like as a, as a competitor. Right. You know, you think like, man, dude, you was tripping. Like you coulda did this and did this and did this. But right at the same time, you don't got no dog in the race. So you just watch it as a, as a fan. Lemme Ask you this, when it's all said and done, could you be a trainer? Because I think, You know, we see Buddy McGirt did it. I think Virgil Hill became a trainer. There have been a lot of guys that not like you. Yeah. Because I think it's harder. I think the greater the player is in a set sport, the harder it is from the coach because people think it came easy and maybe it did. You worked hard, but you just had natural gifts. Right. That allowed you to see things and do things a lot quicker than someone else that had to work for it. Could you see yourself being a trainer Bud?


I don't know. You know, I think training is, is, is is tough. Yeah. You know, a lot of people don't get these coaches enough credit. You know, they gone from they family. They probably have 10 fighters, You know, they camp here, camp here, camp here, camp here. You know, they away from they families. You got fighters that don't listen. You got fighters that, that talk back. You know, you got, you gotta have a lot of patience to be a Yes. A trainer, You know, and or a coach. Yes. Yeah. And I'm like, You ain't got no patience. Huh? I ain't got no patience. But they say that come with age. Yes. You know, they say it doesn't, they say it come with age because You know, you sitting here and you trying to teach somebody something, but they keep doing the same stuff that you telling them not to do.


And it's like, bro, like How, because lemme ask you a question. Have the coach ever like, Bud, we worked on this in camp Bud, you can do this Bud. Just circle, You know, outside, step outside. Can you do, You know, like, like, damn, I'm effing this up right now. Can you self-evaluate yourself while you're in the ring? Yeah, for sure. For sure. You know, I know what I'm doing wrong when I'm doing it, You know, but at times we all need a reminder. Right. You know, I might go back to the co the corner and the coach might tell me, Hey, listen, you doing this wrong. You know? I like, I know, I know. Then we have a conversation in the middle of the break. We're like, all right.


And then I come back and I be like, all right, I see that you fixed that, but you doing this now. Okay. You know, like, let's tighten that up. Or You know, he'd be like, all right, good job. Good job. I see, I see you working on this, You know, because me and my team, we been together since I was seven. Wow. You know? So They know you, You know them. Yeah. Yeah. You feel very comfortable. If if if they see me trying something, they see I, they know what I'm trying, if they see me how I'm moving or, or certain body languages, they already know what I'm doing. Like, all right, I see you looking for it. You know what I mean? But try doing this to bring it out of him so you can land what you want to land. So, You know what I mean? That's how close and and tight me and my teammates.


You're in the fight, you're fighting. Are you thinking about what you have to do or are you like, okay, I'm thinking about doing this, his counter to this. Is this, are you trying to like pick up tendencies what he's trying to do? Or are you more focused on what you need to do? All of the above. You know, like my head, my head is racing like really Like crazy, You know what I mean? When I'm in the ring, I'm looking at the tendencies. I'm looking at things that you do. I'm thinking that I'm looking at things you don't do. I'm looking at when I faint what you do, when I, when I punch what you do. You know what I mean? When I counter you what you do, like everyth, everything that I do in the ring, it's calculated. Okay. You know?


So I know like I might do something and don't, don't do it until four rounds later. Right. But let me come back to that. You know what I mean? Or I might throw a fan at you and be like, all right. You know what I mean? I see you win for that, but I ain't gonna do it right now, but I'm gonna catch you a little later because we got a lot of time. You know, so you gotta be able to outthink the next fighter. Right. It ain't all about what I'm about to do to this guy. It's, You know, it's, I'ma break this guy down. You know how I'ma how i'ma how I'ma take away What he's trying To do his, his strong points and You know what I mean, make it his weak points. You know. So it's, it's a lot of, We hear other sports basketball players. We've heard Jordan, Kobe, LeBron, great players, the zone football players, Tom Brady, Patrick Mahomes, running backs zone baseball player.


Barry Bond says, I'm in the zone. I can actually see, I can tell the pitch that the pitcher's gonna throw before he actually throw it. Bud. What is it like when Bud Crawford get in the zone? Man, everything's just flowing. You know? Can you like pinpoint like, oh yeah, you about to do I did this, you about to do that. I'm ready for that. Yeah. And then everything just like, does it slow down? I think, I think every fighter at the highest level get into that zone. And you just know, because as a boxer, You know, if I throw this punch, what punches can hit me? What, what punches can counter, You know, so you'll see some fighters, they'll throw a punch and they miss, but they'll be racing for the counter.


Mm. Because You know, they know, You know, this punch can land. If I, if I, if I throw this punch, this punch can land. You know, so if this punch can land and he counter with this, I can counter with this. Right. Because there is a counter for every counter. So every time you open up to throw a punch, you s acceptable, you fix some coming back punch, You know. But at, at the same time, if he counter me, I can counter him. So you gotta always be thinking like, you gotta a split second to, to think, You know, and that's when the winning started getting the like, You know what I mean? But help me with this.


We see guys in amateurs and they don't win much and they become world champs and we see guys that maybe lose one or two fights in the amateurs and be some slaw. When it come to the pros, how, what is it that big of a difference between the amateurs and the pros? Definitely, definitely for one, You know, when I was, when I was in amateurs, we was fighting two minute four rounds. Okay. In the, in the nationals, You know you got point system, right? You know, everybody want to da. Some people got pro styles, some people got amateur styles. So you'll have somebody come in and throw a whole bunch of punches, hold and, and survive for four rounds. You know, that's the amateur game.


But then you got some fighters that have that style that's just trying to catch up to you. You know, you might jump out on him, but as you see round three, round four, You know, this guy is holding, but he just skated away. Right. You know, he know that he know how to move, You know, within the amateur program. But then when you see when they turn pro, the guy that was more tailor made for professional, You know, he, he'd be more successful. Then you got little smaller gloves, no head gear, You know, and it, it's a difference. But see rounds getting ready for a fight. How many rounds you going Man, I don't even count my rounds.


Really? No. Do you fight, like let's just say for the sake of argument, you going, so you have a guy come in the first round. Do you have another guy come in? The second guy round us? Yeah. Another guy come in with different styles. It Depends. Yeah, it depends. We might go two rounds. Two rounds. Two rounds. We might go three rounds. Three rounds. We might go 1, 1, 1, 1, 1 to get different approach. Yeah. You know what I mean? So, whew. It's different. It d it depends on what the coaches want at that day. Sometimes, You know, we might spar one up sparring part partner, the whole really sparring session. You know, you always sparring headgear or you always Yeah, Yeah, for sure.


How to protect yourself. Right. You know, you don't wanna get cut, you don't wanna take too many punches in, in Training. What size training gloves? 14 out. 16 out 16. 16. Yeah. What type of gloves? You fight in Tens now. I used to fight at eights. Eights? Yeah. Well, what's brand ever Last ass. I had some Everlast. Does anybody still fight Reyes? Because they, when I was growing up, everybody fought Reyes Here and there. You'll see some fighters here and there, but for the most part, Everlast winning Gantt, Well not winning, but Grant Floyd fought foreign, fought winning because he had Hand problems. Yeah. Okay. Because they do, they are cushion it. So you got Rival, you got Everlasting, you got Grant for the most part. Okay.


That people fighting in. Right, right. Now, how did you Canelo fighting his own gloves. How did you, how did you decide what type of glove you with the trial and error you fighting in a lot of different gloves and says, okay, these feel the best. For, For, for, for me, I only fought in Everlast except my last fight. I think Everlast, You know, me being comfortable with him and them being the, the, the gloves that I started with, I just was always comfortable with 'em. Okay. You know? And then when I put on a different glove, they just was, they just feel different. 'cause all of 'em made different. Right. So, You know, I was just always Comfortable. What do you, what, what are you looking for in a glove?


Because some people like, like I wanna feel my knuckle right to the top. I wanna, I want you to feel it Just, I just want my hand to be comfortable 'cause I got big hands. Right. Yeah. You know, so when I put 'em in, in the, in the eight ounces, man, they'd be like, like this man. Like when you go in the fight, you want everything to be comfortable. Yes. You wanna be here. You Know what I mean? So I used to get the MXs 'cause they're wider. Right. You know, the power lock is more thinner, You know, but MXs is wider. So I The guy that tapes your hand, he's been taping your hand your whole career. Me? Yeah. Yeah. You tape your own hands or you have somebody else tape em Me. You tap your own?


Yeah. Are you serious? Yeah, Bro. You said the guy, you been tap? Yeah, I have. Really? Yeah. Are you the only fighter that do that? Does That, no. You got many qui that taped his own hands. Steven Nelson. He taped his own fighters. Do it. Right. I always did it because in the amateurs, You know, I had a time where I had let let one of my coaches take my hands and tape the tooth. They fell. They fell asleep. And ever since then I was like, man, I'm not doing that no more going in there. Like they all asleep and stuff, so. Right. I been doing it ever since I was a kid. Wow. Yeah. Appreciate the technique, but You know, hey, yeah, for Sure, for sure.


I should have been a heavyweight. But see, the thing is, Bud, what you've been able to do is, because you did this for an extreme, like you say you started boxing at seven, so you got 30 plus years of experience. It's just like somebody plays football, somebody plays basketball, somebody plays baseball. You are not Finn to start. Say, You know what, I think I'm gonna go to, I wanna be a professional baseball player. I'm gonna pick this up in my twenties. You ain't gonna never hit the curve. You ain't gonna never hit the slider. Right. And you not gonna catch up with the fastball facts, but you can see punches. Stuff that I wouldn't even think about seeing. Sure. That joke would've hit me about four or five times. Hands back by his side. Like what happened All my life.


Grinding all my life. Sacrificed hustle, paid the price, won a slice, got the bro dice. And all my life I've been grinding all my life, all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, slice, got the D all my life I grinding all my life.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered Before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.