
Man, listen. Traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staring the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah. Traveling sometimes when they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, spots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier for sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified, ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man. It was perfect. Out to Airbnb, how you feel about the tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great.


This is what you do when you're love of the sneaker game. Had you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, score all your once in a blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic streetwear. The experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you can wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Bran and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What Happens when a professional football career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns in Church. Voila, you got Straightaway he tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


This summer. Hence, he encourages you to shake things up and explore new possibilities. A partnership with some of their friends and family. Hennessy is putting their twist on some of your favorite cocktails, including the margarita, the berry mojito. These fresh cocktails will turn your next gathering into something more. Set things off with the Hennessy Margarita. A squeeze of fresh lime juice and a bit of agave syrup. Topped off with ice and a salted rim. Mix it, shake it, poured, and enjoy. Hennessy Hennessy made for more. Please enjoy Hennessy responsibly 21 and over only.


Alright we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. We live on location. We live from Vegas. Shout out to the feature family providing us a wonderful place to record. If you don't know about feature you sleep, all the heat, all the funnest things. The street wear you could pull up to. The locations in Vegas are also the E-com goes crazy as well. Shout out to the gang. Well I'm still with my gang to my far left my dog Bishop B hint out the leys How you what? Nasty cool and nasty. Let's get to it baby. Hey I, I know appreciate feature, you know what I'm saying? We outta town. I'll see you back in the work shoes. Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? I found them here. So you found 'em here? Yeah, I found him in Vegas bro. Alright. You found him off old dude off the street with the white strings. Don't ever disrespect your feet.


Nah now hey if somebody outside got black forces on that Yeah buddy. My lolo's had 'em on. Nah, nah, nah we know you got the cap ass ears. He's the only shoes five. They was about my right. My dog young guy Cho Young T for real man. I'm still unpacking my house. He was about to dough so I just bought some shoes here when, you know, at the store so it's all good man. I'm gonna put some new heat on during the show probably for sure. And you know it's funny 'cause you know what I'm saying, we, I don't think it made a full episode but they bought back a the movie truck again. They were just like when you go unload that fucking truck with all that shoes man we still working right now. I got most of the stuff in the house, I just ain't put it up yet. So for sure for official unboxing video coming soon And look man, we live in Vegas out here for the summer league and I want to say that there is no reason in the world that we pulled up where they had record setting heat.


It is 115 degrees for five days in a row. And shout out to everybody who live out here 'cause y'all are some different motherfuckers 'cause this was crazy. Nah, I seen a buddy had on a whole field yesterday, he had on a sweatshirt blue jeans and what kinda shoes he have on? He had on some cur Franklins shout out to shout out to which version? Our boy Jerry Stump. Yeah he had the stump cur on. Yeah. Shout cowboy boy Jerry. I don't know how he didn't sweat at all. He ain't drop one brother. My back pulls sweat. Jerry ain't got a drip of sweat on his far. Nah he said you know he from out here so he said he is adapted to the heat. Clear as he was crazy bro.


Nah man y'all, y'all guys stronger soldiers out here living away. This is literal. Come on bro. So much fun out here going on. We gotta start with it man. Team USA, they had a official scrimmage last night, you know what I'm saying? They looked a little shaky in the beginning but they figured shit out. But hey Joel and Bead at this point we gotta see some more. I know we, we got him on the scene for Yolk bro. But he should paid for his home country Cameroon if he gonna keep selling the way he sold last night. Ah that's a practice game. You know how Joel is. He ain't about to play hard. Not not in that setting. Not in that setting. You gotta live a certain amount of time in the United States to play for us because come on bro. He's not one of us bro. He is one of us bro. He not like us bro. Bro.


He is. He got a card. Is that's all you need Library? Yeah because can I go play for The Bahamas? Depend on where from because EJ do And, we know they EJ never lived in Bahamas. No, but I'm saying they're really from there though. I mean but can EJ play for us? He did already. He played for Team U. Oh oh okay. So at least we at least we can go tap in there elsewhere. I didn't know White said if he didn't get picked up by the, the USA team he was gonna play for another for Taiwan's national team. Oh I thought they had hell. I said did they add an Olympia team to say who? Who? Who did who add usa. You know who at who got another team know know the w We ID Dwight White got a nail tech coming up.


Alright. You know his first song is Shout out to Jared in Philly for sure He gonna be like this in the commercial with the lead S on it's up. That's gonna be tough that man bro. What you say about Dwight? Nah, I thought they added a new team. Like what team though? Hey so Ro Hill man. Oh my. We ain't, you know a new country you know it's a new island every week. There you go man. Not Epstein Island but hey shout to team USA. They gonna figure that shit out. It's far to see Stephan LeBron play together. Yeah I, KD didn't play last night but like they was talking about it. I I think it's dope we get to see like the last of like our generation is like greatest all play together.


Granted they are a little bit older but it is dope to see them 'cause this is definitely the last time that they should all be on Olympic team. Oh it's definitely the last time it's a changing of the guards for sure. Yeah I think Steph probably got four more years in the league. Brian too KD he can play for a long time. He said he gonna play till he can't play no more. So it's definitely our last time seeing him all together though. You know what would be crazy, I mean this is a a wicked world If LeBron outplayed like career wise with Curry, like if Curry retired before LeBron, that would be insane. That possibly could happen though bro. Told he's damn near AI character bro. Yeah he not real bro. Healthiest NBA athlete ever bro athlete period. Really? For sure. And that's real And I was looking, Ken Martin said this, he was basically like shit Bron could go to a Draymond role and play another 6, 7, 8, 19 years.


I said that's crazy. If he wanted to he could play two. He 50 for real? Yeah he so he said that you see he set that screen on Bang. Yeah you wanna smoke? I said oh they let LeBron do whatever bro. That was definitely a moving screen. All who you say buddy Little like I mean Lil Flick I'm talking about Dylan Brooks de Bang got the little orange Dylan Brooks. You talking about Little Flick? Yeah that talking talking little flick that was a classic bar by you about that was fire that that was one of the, the most sitting request last. I said okay my boys went crazy. Nah he do look like him though. Why they boo Dylan Brooks though? I know what type of time Dylan be? Why everybody? Him because bro he, he acting like Chris Paul Small forward. No but he wants that Dylan Rowe in the NBA. I think he should keep going forward. He should go crazy with it. Yeah he has.


Yeah I mean he got him 80 so work bro that's cold bro. I should, well I should put my evil eyebrow on. You had them, you had your WW moments for sure. He just showing y'all he wanna be a wrestler that came right now. Yeah ain't tap in out way. Booker t. Booker t bro. Why Y always gotta get him bro. He the only black wrestler because he is the only one that be out of pocket like this is fake bro. Hey you going off the set bro? Hey the whole ho Hogan we coming for you nigga videos of all time. That's him. What he got the one jar. Hey that's the booker t jar. We gotta put Booker T on the nigga jar ain't chill bro.


That do a book like that. The bookend. That was his finishing move. Oh damn that was a assy finisher. That shit was hard And he had to listen. What happened to his brother though? Stevie Ray? Yeah he worked at Starbucks. Shout to Stevie Ray. Nah, Stevie Ray out here doing things man. He still got a, he had a Mohawk ran. I don't even know his. Oh that means he worked at a warehouse then I forgot to send you a video bro. They got, I seen one shorty that looked decent bro though. Wrestler, I can't You talking Bianca biller? Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Said okay he ain't never talked about her. I knew that's what my, that's my other home girl. Yo. He talking about the wars bill like him yca a shout to Jay bro. Y gotta stop putting that sweater on my name bro.


I ain't never said nothing about Yca. Yeah I talking about BCA biller. Okay. They teammates makes sense. Seen pimps. Yeah the least. But yeah the team they they gonna figure it out. Anthony Edwards looking like one of the best players on earth. I know after they lost the series we stopped saying that he was the face of the league but the way that he was killing and the way I think he's gonna kill. Yeah bro we going, we gonna have that agenda when the season start. You know what always changes as soon as somebody lose the fuck up we tell him that they ain't shit no more. But I think bro it's it's, it's really his time right now because the young boys, him Tatum and Halliburton yesterday, they played crazy together. Nah they he a dog though and he like so athletic bro.


He so explosive. He impossible to guard bro. I don't even know how you even contain him Really bro. You gotta put two people on the ball on you against him Paul. That's crazy. But he's so explosive like he gonna be one, he one of them and Adidas know that. That's why they signed him to that new deal. All shout out to Cam. I see y'all read up on that bag. Yeah for sure. And listen, as we know politics play a lot of things in everything but the reason why Jalen Brown is not on that USA team is definitely because of marketing and brand situations 1000%. I don't know why he thought that he was gonna tape up Kobe's and think he was going to get a spot on a Nike pick team. Yeah you can't, yeah you can't disrespect the brand.


Yeah and not expect something to return for sure because we know Dan, I mean shout out to Derrick White but no Derrick White should not have been the selection for this team USA, it was other people that we could have called. I don't know bro. 'cause he liked the ego dollar type player bro. They need on the team. That's a great, that's a great comparison. Yeah. Point guard Iggy. Nah feel real. That's who I think he play like and I don't think them adding another star would've made sense. I kind of don't think Kaa fit anyway. Like me and bro was talking like shit, I want some shots and it don't look like I'm about to be getting them type of shots over here so I can just hit this one out. Hey you know it's with Kawa. Everybody posting a picture of him at Funnel Day. They was like if I, if I post this that means I ain't sliding. Oh God.


Hey I I was, everybody was like why did he withdraw? Because he probably was just like oh I ain't about to get as many minutes as I want. Oh I ain't about to really do it. But they don't need him though bro. They don't need Nah really And my knee ain't even a hundred percent Really like I really I'm chilling bro. Yeah you got it That he was getting slandered for that too. They was just like damn, you know what I'm saying? Really couldn't finish you're strong for your team. You gonna team USA but I'm like that's cool but I mean yo and B is on the same situation. He probably shouldn't be playing either. He probably should be resting. I mean he probably using this to get back in shape and I'm sure by the time they actually play for real Joel will be in shape. He's obviously not right now. Yeah that's why training camp. But that Kauai ho you pulling up for the summer camp for three days and riding back. I'm like what y expect bro it's Kawhi. He do what the fuck he wants to. And I I love it.


He stand on Bend, he do whatever he want. I love that. Yeah he made that effective before LeBron to me. No like publicly like not giving a fuck bro. Brian did it on some cool shit like Brian like y'all come on gimme some rest. Like I done played a thousand games. I said bro I'm not playing bro. He did take a year off. He did. Brian would never do us like Yeah, yeah I like that would never do us and came back and want a chip bro left. And listen, I love how we started this conversation because Kawhi should be talking about boy bro, he's one of the coldest small fours of all time for him to use PTO for a whole year but no explanation. He was like hey stop asking me about this shit. I see y'all when I see y'all. And then went to Toronto, got a chip and then Nick nurse coming out talking about he was like yeah when he pulled up said I'm gonna play as hard as I can but I ain't gonna tell I'm gonna be here next year.


Yeah you gotta give all credit to Greg Povich for putting that in him bro. Paul like he set that up for him to do that bro. That's that's a Greg pop method bro. Nah that's a, that's how my own man like I ain't falling for the Spurs system like nobody else in the world. Shoot that in the Spurs. Tim and them used to sit down bro. Pop was like we're going to Indianapolis stay home bro. Okay. I get what you oh he used to do you talking about the rest state? Yeah. Oh yeah. I'm talking about taking a whole year off. No, hell nah. I'm talking about like, oh you talking about the rest days Pop probably talking like this how we do it, you know you could tax it if you want to but my guys is gonna sit out. So they used to do that in Atlanta but they never let me do that.


I wonder why he would never let me stay at home. He like let me sit out. But he wouldn't stay at home. He'd let Al and Kyle stay at home probably 'cause they had kids and family and shit. Yeah. Respect. I told 'em I had hope. I meant yeah I was out of pocket though. I had to be at Magic bro staying at home because I've been watching the game. That magic bro. This, that's why this is the sad part about the NBA though. Yeah it like I said, I agree. I don't fool with Scotty Ppen but shout out to you. Listen, there's no disrespect. I'm not saying nothing crazy but play every game bro. Y'all just sitting out because yo, you got kids bro. Stop shooting the club up bro. It's a kid coming with the scene. Unfortunately.


One of y'all who? And they spend a lot of money and y'all niggas is playing talking about I wanna go to motherfuck Sky Zone with my son today. That's just them tickets ain't cheap bro. That's what they started bro. I don't know. Hey what's funny is the nigga at the, if he work at, you know what I'm saying, at the, at the factory, he can't say, you know what, I wanna see my kids today, I wanna go home. They say actually you can go home for the rest of the fucking week. Figure this shit out. Exactly. You know what I'm saying? I just think that's the bogus part bro. Bro. But nah, I agree. Pop Bitch was definitely sitting in three. Yeah Hall of Famers on prime time broadcast and they was pissed at that. But KW said on businesses said, fuck y'all, I play when I feel like it won the chip and dipped out. I think that's fire. Yeah. Won the chip for a city that probably never gonna win again ever again. So yeah that's crazy to Ray's a banner in the city that you know didn't even have a a country bro.


Bro. No, that's real. A country I'm not country. Yeah, that's hard. He did it right and that country in that city, Toronto is lit and they offer him everything in the world. One of the best. Right? I dunno. My favorite second favorite city of all time. What's your first Indianapolis? Oh that boy tried to get a job at home. Oh. Oh we gonna make that happen. Nah, we make that. Nah, I will though. Nah, Atlanta really my favorite city like them in India. So shout out to the A TL.


You wanna know what the best thing about being a sports fan is? There's only two days in the entire year that if we don't have any games in any sport. So with all that accident, a sports world that just makes about every day game day at DraftKings Sportsbook, if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. You can bet $5 and get $150 in bonus bets instantly. All you gotta do is download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now and use promo Code Club five 20. That's Code Club five 20 for new customers. All you gotta do is bet $5 for $150 in bonus bets only on DraftKings. Sportsbook the crown is yours.


This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, they'll find the one again and again the latest sneak drop. You can't stop thinking about one of a kind street where you're dying to wear in fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet. On eBay, you'll feature eyes on the full meal of hard to find fines, start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make the designer collab your main course, the cherry on top. A timeless watch or iconic rear handbag and the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the source. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the Minute news from around the league, Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders. You're a loyal viewer of the show now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


You shouldn't have to worry about when you buy your tickets to your next big event. Gametime is a fast and easy way to buy tickets for all the sports, music, comedy and theater events near you With great last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat. And the best price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. So go ahead and take the guesswork out of buying MLB tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account and use promo Code Club five 20 for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem Code Club five 20 for $20 off. Download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Hey man, Jona Porter. They trying to get my man like real time for that shit. Oh he about to go to jail. I hope not. They trying to give him like three to four years. I'm like, come on man. That man already lost his job. That's enough. Like my man can't hoop Don. See that man jail. You only won about 80 bands and you about to do three or four years. That's crazy bro. And you lost millions. Nah, you don't do this that man. Man that's bullshit. Nah, he gotta go to jail bro. Nah, he don't gotta go to jail. You gotta go to jail for being stupid bro. Crazy Charleston. That was dumb bro. That's cool bro. But don't send a nigga to jail for that man. There's people doing way worse shit than me time, bro. He already gotta deal with the disappointment of everybody looking at him crazy from on out. Jail is crazy.


They aint gotta make an example. Oh that's a good question. I don't know if he rose me to jail. Uhuh. He probably didn't. One time they called Pete P was a hiccup away. Pete still alive, man. I'm saying though bro, him and Gene Katie, boy they fighting that. That's the new versus jail would've took. They both outta they y'all always trying to kill. I'm just saying. Listen, they always killing somebody. Kill P Rose bro. P Rose is 70 bro. No how old P Rose bro? P Rose 90 bro. We can look this up by, y'all can watch Smartphone. It's no way. P Rose is 70. Only god damn p he's, he's a sneeze away. 70 is crazy bro.


Pete got like, he got about got two all-star games. He got two more signs and y'all was gonna put him in jail. Y'all killed him. He did this. Throw him on the team. He did this like 25, 30 years ago though. Yeah, he was early on like Jose Ko now he's the one that he should have got a little bit of penalty for snitching the way he snitched like this. Yeah, he snitched crazy. That was crazy. Yeah, he should have went to jail for sure. For telling. He should have got the, the chair. Who was the better, who was the better liar? Mark McGuire or Barry Bonds. Barry Bonds didn't say nothing so you Right. He didn't lie. But Mark McGuire was cold. Baby Sammy Sosa for me. Sammy Sosa was nuts. Sammy Sosa was Todd. I So he out this conversation, Sammy Sosa switched his color to to get treated differently. And did, he did. Got treated differently.


Worse. Yeah. They call him every color next quick enough when to see him now. So I don't think that worked in his favorite. That gotta be makeup bro. Always not bro. That's he wake up. That's what he, they should let him play Michael instead of flags. Well a Dominican Michael Jackson would've pissed me off. I swear to God he fit in the script though. For sure. Sure, for sure. Timeframe bro. They changed about the same age. Yeah, he fit the script. Just start switching over. Hey bro. Pause but like y'all think like it's just like neck up and hands or like No, gimme the full body temperance bro. Like nah.


Hey, if he were a V-neck. Yeah it's like dark right here. That's crazy bro. Nigga bro. He look like that cookie Paul talking about the me bro. Make me whole bro. If you gonna paint me, pay me bro. Social singing bro. Billie Jean. I would've lost my shit. Well you take your shirt off and be who you supposed to be. It's crazy. That is crazy. That's a so you don't wanna be tie. I don't wanna be none. I wanna be this bro. I don't want to be light. I don't wanna be darker. I I just wanna be what I was born like.


You just like, I seen Charlamagne for real personally. I said oh he really switched it up now he's one of those for sure. What? He's full acon under the shirt. He's Gene in the face. So he's G The face ain't kind the shirt. Respect for sure of a combination. He can tell by an elbow. Yeah because we ain't, you know people for real got skin disease. We ain't talking about y'all. No, but I'm talking about the people who really go and get those procedures done. Y'all out pocket bro. No way. You just want to be lighter bro. Allegedly. Allegedly. He might just got a skin, you know, face therapy. Oh you 40 with acne bro. You some better. So bro, why you can't have acne 40 bro?


Why bro, I be getting pimples and stuff bro. I do better bro. 40 bro, you got too much money to have pimples all over your face bro. Bro. Some understand but I'm not doing that bro. Some people struggle. That's why they got that one there. What's that shit called? Oh, we're going left. Where? You know the Maxima you using that? You outta pocket? I'm talking about the one pants. Oh yeah that used to burn my face up. That was giving more. I used to clean my shoes with that shit with the ox pad bro. They get all the dirt off your shoes bro. They do bro. Swear they gotta get all the dirt off your shoes. Next time we come in features it's gonna be ine pad for free purchase.


Get shoes with your shoes. It's like put Coca-Cola on your battery bro. I swear. Damn funny show that's yeah on God man. That is crazy. Hey I did though. I ain't even know Ka, to clean my shoes. Speaking of colors, did you see Dr. Omar on Breakfast Club? Yeah I watch. Damn. Yeah he is basically saying like, you know he support bro. But I know why he ain't really rocking with Broy. He said he got a Oh he got a white girl? Yeah. Shout out to Love for you. Love, love. Funny part is when he broke down to Columbus short, I said first of all, we don't ever need any breakdowns at Columbus short and shout to Colombo but him break it down.


He was just like, why would your name my man after a son? You don't like that. Really? What Viral Shout to Ome. Yeah Tina the podcast did that bro. My dos Colombo. You all crazy. But we always say it told y'all Colombo wasn't lying bro. I'm not going looked at him like crazy. I'm not going down this road with Colombo be bro. Colombo is for real. He's a better Orlando Brown bro. A fortune don't ever compare anybody to Orlando Brown. That's a sick ass better. Is he? He's Michael Michael Jordan of Orlando Brown saying yes because I thought he was sick and he was really just telling y'all the truth bro. Don't ever compare. Lenny Kravis is out of pocket, bro. Don't no, don't do that. We not doing that with Denzel Le he had the, he had the feature on his birthday party.


No Colombo, Denzel Pool and Orlando Brown. Two different people. Orlando Brown tells the truth. Denzel told us that he was dating bro. Lenny. Bro. Lenny and they Denzel told the whole story about them dating bro. Hey I don't know that one. I Travis is doing pullups in leather pants. It's, it's whatever they say man. He, he, he different. Any nigga who could do a full workout in leather pants bro. Let him do whatever he wanna to do bro. He probably from Vegas who is literal, don't disrespect to Vegas bro. But it's how the motherfucker out here. Hey y'all got as strongest boy. I seen bro. Them drivers I here they be pulling up black face. No bro, we gotta talk about that. I got in a taxi yesterday 'cause I couldn't, the Uber couldn't find me.


The man had no air. Yeah bro. And he looking back, I'm doing this. It broke. Said it's broke. Come on man. You got, you ain't supposed to be out here today bro. It's 1 29. Welcome to the regular world. See how this presidential shit you used to. Now I'm glad you got a car with no heat. Nah bro, you should. That's that's out of pocket. That's a flashback. It's 129 degrees outside. You shouldn't be taxiing nothing bro. First of all, getting a taxi in 2024 is crazy. Swear. That's how they pulled up to the hotel though. They, they wouldn't, the Uber wouldn't pull up. Yeah, they told we had to get taxi. Taxi. Yeah. Taxis are damn going out business.


You know what I'm saying? So the major hotel is basically trying to keep 'em in like so when you order a taxi ear route 'em right to you. Yeah, the Uber's like you gotta damn there walk around down the street. That makes a lot of sense. Yeah, so respecting the taxi p you should've seen p she sweat so she don't even sweat. She in the back of the car and the lights here are long as hell for sure. Am I tripping. But the lights out on the strip. They like eight minutes long. That's how niggas be getting line up by here. No, but she was sweating and I was like, damn baby your makeup. She was like, it's running. I was like, nah it ain't running. But you know how you mess with somebody. But it was so hot, bro. My whole shirt made us fucked up. I seen one of my old coaches. Right. Whoa. You know how coaches they, oh I don't wanna hug you.


My back soaked ball. I'm like hey, 'cause don't, don't touch my shirt. You a fist bump shorty. I'm like, he like, what's up man. Hey, I wanna know how long was the taxi ride? 15 minutes. Who? Boy you was in the cooker. He was going from the beginning of the strip to the end. Get your life right with God. Yeah. I always sweating so hard bro. My nigga was in the air fry. Had to test my hell feeling I had just took a shot before I got in the car to go do the bag stuff and then I came back. Mm. I had to go back up there and take another one. I said it's crazy. Was the taxi driver sweating? He had one of 'em little fans you had. Oh okay. Oh, I got at home. He, he, he just had it blowing right on him.


Like, excuse me. I swear we was like, I was like he gotta take it at least put one in the bag. I was like, man we gotta get out out p let's just get out. She's like, we almost there and the lights was so long. I gotta ask how was the, how was the commute? You know what I'm saying? I seen, I seen the group chat. You know what I'm saying? Mike asked you if you wanna switch sheets again. I don't know what he, Mike out of pocket his flight booking. I swear to God I'm booking my own flights from now on. I'm not messing him. I ain't blaming Mike for that. I'm not bougie. He get on my nerves. It's your fuck. I'm bougie. Oh because you should have got on with us. I don't know why I'm not, nigga, it don't matter what time I got on. No, you had a better seat bro. Nigga the seats are still this big bro. Nah bro.


South West is outta pocket. Unless y'all want to rock with us. I can't fly Southwest no more. I'll take three layovers. Before I do that. Y'all listen. Bye. You, I know y'all watching book us separate. Ain't no way, ain't way you that fancy that you would take. Yeah bro. A three hour layover somewhere instead of getting to a city straight through. That's crazy. I bro, Mike, you agree with me? Yeah, he the one, he the one made that dumb ass message. I'm, I hope y'all get stuck. Something happen. Hey, gotta stay. I don care in. I hope you gotta stay. That's a nasty lamb. I don't care bro. That that flight was that's bad, bad, bad. Nah, taking no eight hour flight. It's supposed to be three hours 'cause of the seed bro.


That's a worksheet y outta pocket bro. It was not that bad. You were sharing your hip on with a old lady bro. Come on bro. Tell your story bro. Even had no damn and somehow he got that point. Go tell everything your story, story time. Listen. Oh my god. Somehow you magically got wifi. Me and Mike don't got wifi. Yeah because on Southwest, Southwest give me they points. Fuck them. It literally tells you bro Southwest wifi, you can click on there and you can go to the free movies and shit. So we watched couples retreat bro. Me and old school, she was like 60. I gave her one of my, one of my pies, bro.


Wiped it off. Blew in it, gave it to her. We watched it. So you wiped it off and then Yeah sure I was hit it like the cartridge. No cartridge. She got peak on the ear. Now you can't just go to ear to ear. Her wax buildup is nuts right now. I'm saying I go crazy so be careful. I'm a sniper. When she beat Rose Race, she's gonna be beat ball. Enjoy the movie. Relax. Because I hold her after armrest. The armrests are trash. Right. DJ missed the flight. He did. I missed the flight. I was up the whole night. I was like, all right, lemme go ahead and get ready. I looked up and say 7 42, I called Mike, I said damn, I'm on my way.


He said no, no. He first text like, yo no you were late. You don't have the right to say yo, I got, I gotta stop reading y'all text messages too because you said seven o'clock. Right. So I woke up at five 30. I was at the airport at like 6 45. I'm like, why we so early bro? I was shocked seeing you. We walked in there. Yeah. I was like I gotta stop reading y'all texts. That's crazy. I don't read Southwest any straight through flight. Spirit Southwest. I'm cool. Allegion, I'm cool bro. Yeah, sign me up bro. Sound like hard times bro. I'm cool. For real bro. Like because it's only a couple. Mike had take out some outta his bag 'cause the bag was too heavy bro.


He, he was out of pocket. Hey And, we got stopped at TSA so I heard, I heard you had the, he had a lead of jelly. I heard you had the KY and the strap, which hey, why did you bring this toys wore? Which that's why Checking crazy. They had, they had the kit for you when you got here? No, for sure. We gotta put it on. Oh, we got the footage dude put them gloves on. He oh no. That whip crazy flying in.


I never take, we just playing bro. Before you get in trouble. Mike got seven kids. That mother fucking freaky Jelly was over the limit. It was over three and a half ounces. Mike go. Oh. Oh we so sorry. It's a lady here. Sorry. Bad. We so Sorry. Apologize. We apologize. We out of pocket. It's him bro. He don't got no sense who they does. Oh man. But listen man, wonderful time in Vegas. Can't you gotta see some of this content We shoot, we gonna be outside if you see surround, you know what I'm saying?


Show us some love. Be here taking pictures with the people. For sure man. Everybody is welcome to go take a picture with everybody. Even Chris Paul bro, pull up on this one. What happened with Chris Paul? Man we just want to pick Oh before we get outta here. So we were looking for the place we was gonna be shooting. Right? Yeah. So you know we looking around, we see a couple people And, we looking, me and Mike was trying to find this hotel for the place in the hotel for a minute. Couldn't find his shit. We look up and say oh shit it's Chris. Paul. So was like, oh what's up Chris Fuck with you bro. And he was like, hey I'm with Club five 20 and I swear bro he did the Chris Paul gift in real life bro. Fuck me up. He was like, respect. So just in case you're wondering that episode coming soon.


Never CP Man. It's Wake Forest love bro. Ain't no hate bro. Fuck with us man. We we still fan. We said you was one of the greatest of all the time. Hopefully We'll run into him again. Who gonna be on the show first? CP three or Tmac? We gonna leave house y'all. Whew. Probably Tmac do. I ain't say no wrong. I ain't say no wrong by either one of them. I just tell the true stories now. The Tmac shit have funny because he was like, you was on that with me not not the way around. Yeah, like I was a fan of T-Mac. I was a, I'm a fan of Chris Falls too though. I went to Way Forge 'cause of cp so it's fucked up. It's all right bro. Well he did Mike like they probably thought he was a fan. He is a fan. He is a fan. Little did he know Real fan. I'm glad it happened a bike though. He needed help.


We were walking up on people probably thought he wanted, that's how he tried. Hold on. That's what he did for me. Desi Banks. So they gonna say Jeff walk up on him man telling me he what I want on the show. I'm like nigga ain't no square. I did it though, but shit for the team. He's like, I ain't gonna talk to him man. I was like, damn Mike. Shit, I felt uncomfortable. He looking at me like, yeah nigga, what did I tried to d his hand on the way out. I wish you had a video for that. Did he know who the show was? I mean know what show is. Yeah, he said they was supposed to do it in that. Yeah, we supposed to tap in with them in that. But you know what I'm saying? But yeah, they, they sent the sickest to the concert to his show out to Desi for sure. Show cool. But we would've had a camera for that bro. Take his way to show love. He's like, it was funny as fuck.


I was laughing about him but I was like damn. All right, let me get the fuck outta here. See that couldn't have been me bro. Oh shit. But man, we gonna get up outta here one more time for feature. We appreciate the love. We're gonna do some more content here. Thank you. Hey, if you in Vegas touchdown show Love E-Commerce going crazy. Also, we got some dope stuff too. Be hint. Tell people they can buy some merch. Shop club five twenty.com baby. The promo code thing. Still working for the black T-shirts for sure. You can bust. You get a free T-shirt for sure. You can bust right out of there. Don't get it wet. You seen Hawk Hogan? Unless you on that type of taco. I caught up my Hawk Hogan T no where that too many places. Hey, but we get up outta here Day wear that boy The Volume


Man listen, traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staying in the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah, traveling sometimes when they booked me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, pots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier for sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified. Ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man. It was perfect. Out to Airbnb. How you feel about the tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got Straightaway He tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient That makes Patrick Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and Off the field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista and NFO Network's, team of experts. The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.