
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of With Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and a hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home, go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


Lowe's knows how to help you get the most out of your store run. That's why members save more. With my Lowe's rewards, earn points towards my Lowe's money on eligible purchases. Get access to member only deals and free member gifts. Plus, unlock free standard shipping when you reach Silver Key status. So what are you waiting for? Join for free today, Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


Dear Yes, my love. Will you share the most precious thing in the world with me? And be My bowl mate. Are you asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes. A million times, yes. I will. Always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in the Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online Only on two 14. Join Qdoba Rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations Qdoba Rewards members only log into your account or scan QR code at checkout. One offer per member cannot combine with other discounts or offers. Delivering taxes extra. Other restrictions may apply


The Volume. Alright man, we back of episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wells. Same game with me to my left. I got my dog Bishop. Be he out the prayer least How you what? Nasty. What's up family? Lets get to it. Nasty for sure. I see wwe. The only reason you got back in your work uniform man. Yeah. Shout out to the tu Okay. Tu family. You know, shout out to you know my people over there. I fuck with you. Mm. Big O gang over here for sure. Big Os. Yeah man. I guess I'm, I've been jumped in the family man. I put yourself in. Yeah. Fuck it man. Bring me out.


WrestleMania bro. What's your theme music gonna be? I don't even know. That's a good one. By the end of the show I'm gonna have it. I swear for sure to my right. I got my dog. Young Nacho, young Teague. How you what? I'm chilling man. Just watching the highlights of the Eagles celebrating, just updating myself a little bit. Yeah man. The champagne porn. Yeah. 40 22 Eagles. It was light work. They really beat they ass. Yeah. Pat came back and threw three tds but it wasn't enough. Man don't nobody give a damn about that shit. About to ass situation that that talk about him being better than Tom Brady bro did. Oh, goat conversations are absolute turn that shit off.


Let's kind of music that had to steal the legend in his own right. One of the bestie beats of all time. But that gold position is gonna stay with Tom Brady. The Threepeat would've definitely, you know what I'm saying? Jumped him all the way up there. But that did not happen man. He only 29, he's gonna win more Super Bowls for sure. I hope. Yeah, he only 29 though so Yeah, I don't think this is the end by any means. He just ran into it. Oh that's for sure not. Yeah, but that was a good ass Eagles team. That defense is amazing. Yeah, he ran into a legendary defense. Yeah. That's the best defense I've seen with my own eyes since the Ravens. Mm. What year? Raven Ray Lewis and them won the chip. Oh you talking about 2001? Yeah, one. Your cousin was on there uncle. Where he was uncle. It's cool.


Yeah, that nigga ain't make no plays. You have an interception that game. Shout to uncles Boley. He did That only won 'cause Ray Lewis caught the body. If Ray Lewis didn't catch the body, they didn't win a Super Bowl. My uncles very, very important to that. Who else had a good ass? Somebody else recently won a Super Bowl. Had a good ass defense though. Oh the Broncos Patriot. The Broncos? Yeah, I the Brons back was Elite too. Yeah, when Bob Miller was going crazy, yo with Peyton couldn't even throw 10 yards. Yeah, that defense was definitely one of the Super Bowl for sure. Yeah, I'm gonna get that. So it was after that Broncos 10 because that Bronco defense was crazy. Like you said Man belt to ass S in the Super Bowl. Damn. We was all talking about well Pat Threepeat and we had Eagles fucked up, you know, knowing like to hey on the Philadelphia Eagles.


But I'm gonna show some respect man. They got that Super Bowl man. I'm happy for Jaylen Hurts man. Shout out to Saquon Barkley man. I'm happy he got that Super Bowl after they made him sacrifice that Russian title. But that was my pick. Wanted the Eagles and shout out to G know my boy going crazy. Enjoy, you feel me? The real winners of Super Bowl. Good. Gilly and Wallo. Yeah, we'll see you this weekend in San Fran. That's what's up man. I'm glad they won. Damn. Did we even ntroduce, did we do the introduction? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Talking about super shit. Ah mother fuck nah you straight. Shit you got the black cast on. Ah nah these just, these I call my work boots. Shit. I craftmanship y'all, we got five 20 cups too now y'all, I don't know. You know we be saying we be selling shit but we be lying all the time.


So I think, I think these might be available. Yeah, not yet. You know what I'm saying? So this is also coming soon. You know what I mean? Our shipping is worse and God damn that worser not even a word but worser. Worser than T-Mobile. I used to get in trouble for saying that but this is, this is horrible. Ah man we got G. I love G. Okay. Damn. Shout to the Fame editor Adidas man. Man, shout to my dog Alan. Shout to Killer Cam. Okay. That's what mine look like. That Jh who knows?


Hit the wire. Yeah, go ahead. The hardest. Yeah the the package is crazy. Yeah, this box fire. Yeah Mrs. Fire box. I appreciate it though. Who's in these? These? Oh Allen. Shout, shout, shout to the game. Shout damn. Shout to Allen to Adida. Shout to Right on bro. James always showing love. Killer cam my dog to film me. No Cam appreciate it. I appreciate y'all for sure. Yeah I ain't gonna hold y'all know where the fuck I'm gonna put this box at? At home. Damn we talking about that shoe shit. You know the A ones, I guess it'd be disrespectful to step on Adidas Box in the, in the one. So I ain't gonna do it like that. Yeah that would be a little crazy kick it.


It ain't no better. Just wanted to say that make shit worse. I ain't gonna lie. I fuck with these though. Nah listen man. The last few models of the hard been going super, super crazy. You know the AE ones went crazy too. Donovan had a good shoe. These basketball been doing some things last couple years man. Yeah I rock with these bro. I ain't gonna hold you them tough. Oh I'm wearing them for the thing. Oh for the activation? Yeah. I don't wanna wear the other shit. I wanna wear them it. That's not the same activation but we'll try to figure it out. Thank God we didn't drop a sponsor name there some hard though. I ain't going front. I like these. I ain't even, no, ain't hard.


I don't even know no funny shit. Like these, I seen them other colorways I I like too but I fuck with them like the Futur, the TX shit. Yeah, they whoa, these harder than the tmac these hard. Oh that's tough. The TMX is, that's a, that's a hell of a shoe. Which one? The OG one? Yeah, half and half or some shit. Yeah, the the Tmac two's tough. The first one's fired. I don't know. I mean I I, I like this guy. That black and royal blue Tmac is crazy. That first one crazy. You think it's fired better than this one? Yeah bro. I'm cool. I I'll rock these. I'll rock them though. I rock. Oh the first one I liked them over the first one I two. I don't know. I rock these every day before I rock some Tmac. I ain't gonna you and I fuck with Tmac. I didn't but I ain't want them when I was little like I never wore, I never liked basketball that much.


I'm a hoop in these though. Like when we leave here tomorrow morning I'm, are you in running Tuesday as these get around, when I open around I'm playing these. See I ain't rock the team at the half a half. The Pat Leathers I fucked with them. I never wore, wore was tough. I never wore shoes like that bro. You never wore shoes like that. What? Nah, you had Ivers. I know bro. But that was a different influence bro. Okay. It was a different era. I, I heard it was more influential to me than T-Mac. Where I from from, I ain't wear T-Mac Tac was like a legit hoop shoe, you know what I'm saying? So yeah them pad of T-Mac I was something back then. Adidas really one smacking. Yeah it was a little bit different back then. Nike. That's why I had on lock. But shit like but niggas was wearing them in Ripple.


I ain't gonna stu like niggas was wearing them Max for shit show. Nah they ain't, they ain't making a Pi. They didn't, nah niggas was in barleys all type of shit. Yeah. After middle school got This activation we have up want get this out system now. What you talking about? Our childhood. Okay. I fuck with you. I'm gonna keep it real. Shit I'm not trying to fuck up no sponsorship. But niggas weren't wearing it when we was growing up Was the T max? Yeah. Nah it wasn't wearing it with if it was crazy. Yeah but what they doing? I'm saying what they doing now what Adidas is doing? 'cause I was a Adidas athlete for a while for about a good six years And I ain't, that shit wasn't smacking like that. Nah, the shit I was wearing was not it.


I wish they would've had what's our boy that be telling on Sebastian Jr. Yeah JR. Yeah I wish they would've had these, this kind of shit when I was with Adidas I wouldn't have had a problem. Shit I was wearing. Yeah they had giant pro model shells and all that crazy shit. Yeah the promo Adidas them a U shoes was crazy. Yes sir. But John to Indiana Elite you knew. You knew what type it was. They had a solid base color home and the way orange and green nasty word because Reebok really used to run shit growing up. Like in the past I was a Reebok athlete like a, B, C, D and all that shit was like Adidas. I mean Reebok at first. Well our grade when I, when I was in seventh and sixth, I mean when I was a senior, yo oh 6 0 7 classes it was Reebok.


That was a nasty Tom. Nasty Tom. A TR above the round nasty word. The the Reebok I was wearing all was Yep all them Ken Rebox the white red joints. Them motherfuckers was weak. They used to flood y niggas with that shit. God all the hardest niggas pause like had them shoes though. I remember I hooped in some LeBrons on tournament. They damn near snatched me off the court. Oh yeah you was them shit was so true. I'm like bro I can't wear these Coach Conley they ass. He was super weak. Coach Conley had y'all flooded with all the Reebok gear, the shoes you were out pocket Big ass Reebok clothes and them G units. Oh we ain't get, we got G units that was two five was two horrible shoes anyway regardless that dots ain't that bad.


The G unis was weak. Yeah the fact that it had G unit on it just made it supernatural super weak. Oh. Them ass dots are terrible. I'm not vouching for them either. That was better than the G. But if I had the ground station, I don't know if y'all got that to y'all city. But that's where them shoes was. It was them pastries and G units. No, not the pastries. The pastries was disgusting. Oh girls at my school were the pastries with the black baby fat jacket with the fur. Every girl had that baby fat jacket with the fur. Yeah. So that was, and if you didn't I wasn't talking to you. That was lead. And if you did you might've had a teen pregnancy. Yeah they said a good Coie cat came with them jackets. Yeah definitely a team P and the pajamas. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know about that riper bro.


That was different on the township schools bro. All my hos used to steal. You had a, there was a real black cast. What was they putting in the baby fat coat? That's the crazy part where that motherfucker sleeve was hella, they had pockets in that mouth sleeve. Big as fuck nigga. It didn't matter how Beatle Ja are. They was always still prop. They was always still Billy butt. Oh man, that's crazy. I don't even remember no cool coach back then though. What you mean like for niggas? For niggas? Yeah. Yeah. A Rex A Racing Jackets. Racing. Racing. Okay. Yeah, racing Jackets back. IES First Downs was more elementary, middle school.


Yeah they need to bring them back too. The first Downs. Man they need to bring back the OG Star collection. I know they've been trying to with some of stuff they be doing but now go back to the og. I gotta starter pullover. Hey Elite Hornets. Nah it's just a, a motherfucker just say starter. Oh damn I found that mug. I went to a vintage shop. I got it. It is red. What's that? We got a shop out here. Shout Snap Town thrift My Peoples Rift double. Yeah they got some shit out there too. They definitely got some, some vintage needs for you. Pull up. Yeah that Hornets like that Hornet started Situation. The Magic. That shit was crazy man. That's the shout for sure. The Hornets is probably the most iconic one though. Oh yeah. Pullover? Nah, Chicago Bulls.


It was the Chicago Bulls. Chicago Bull. The Bulls one fire but that Hornet one, everybody wanted that. That Hornets one. The Chicago Bulls pullover was crazy bro. I would, I would, I love both of them dearly. That Hors went just that fresh, fresh one bro. I'm so, especially when they had the hor or two on there. Yeah that motherfucker hey that, that motherfucker right there is tough. I fucked the Bulls mentioned shit. That's my favorite. But that shit Chicago Bulls Club. You had one. Yo. Yo he was that nigga bro. Like yo from being from the Midwest too. That Phoenix Suns one too bro. The Phoenix is fired purple. It was that one and the Cowboys.


If you had a Cowboys pulled over bro he was. Or a Oakland Raiders. He was going crazy. Yeah, that shit's crazy. What's the most iconic fitted cat? Chicago White Sox? Hell no. What I say either a Oakland Raider or a New York Yankee hat. Wait, favorite or you say the most iconic? Iconic. Most iconic. I mean a Yankee fitted because everybody Yankee for sure the Yankees the most legendary team. But the White Sox hat got the most clout when Dope Boy wore that shit And boy in the hood. Yeah that black White Sox has fire you taking a Oh y'all niggas wear hats. Shit. So y'all, y'all were staying harder than mine. But that White Sox, I think I just see more niggas trying to get that New York Yankee shit off.


Oh that's cemented bro. That's, that's like, that's for, that's New York shit. I wear a Yankee hat almost every other day on this motherfucker. Is that, is that Jay-Z or just the, just the vibe. Jay-Z's a part of it for sure. Ho made it a thing. Yeah but it is the Yankees too like yeah his story Baseball Ho made it a thing when he said I'll make the Yankee have more famous than the Yankee can. He made it a thing hard. He was lying a little bit but I fucked with it. Oh he was definitely lying. Yeah he was definitely lying. He made it a thing. Oh no. With the black community. Oh my God is bro, I love holding that bro. We not more favorites bro. Niggas know who Babe Ruth is bro. And that nigga played black and white. They do bro. But Babe Ruth was not Swaggy bro. Bro. Niggas know who Alex Rodriguez is, bro.


Not Swag know Swaggy. Who Bro Jeter is Bro Jeter. I ain't gonna lie. That's CI Jeter. That red Cincinnati hat do numbers too though. Let's why we here that red Cincinnati hat is Elite Red Cincinnati which might get jumped. Where the hat in the wrong place? You're the most iconic hat Mike. That Dodger hat Elite too. That like Dodger Hat Elite. But that Red Cincinnati and that White Sox. Boy that's numbers in my neighborhood. Say what y getting off more offense with y'all had white, white Sox had get the most offense. Yeah, it's two versatile both black. Yeah you can wear wear that motherfucker all the time. Okay. I fuck with the Giants tattoo. The Frisco Giants hat. That black and orange. I fuck with that. The long word. Yeah but that motherfucker right there, that Red Hat Cincinnati hat.


I think this should be like three. Yeah that red Cincinnati hat. The Cincinnati hat man. Or that black or the black? I black one with the red brown. I was gonna say every variation of it. 'cause that black with the red brim is crazy too. I damn never see the Cincinnati had more than see the white side. Mm No you don't M from here Ohio right up the street. But it's a regency bias. It's a lot of red spins because we don't got a major league team here. It's a, it is a Lee hat though. I fuck with that rest. I do too. I got every Cincinnati hat. I ain't gonna lie. I ain't mad at that. What they say the most? I iconic hat. Could you scroll down to that? Oh that, that the, you remember the Pirates hat with the red be? Yeah. Yeah. I mean was it the red logo on the Yeah, the red be the Pirates hat.


Yeah. I fuck with the pirate hat. Yeah for sure. Shout to Nostalgia man. Still to my bad. You know we gotta have our random moments on this movie. Yeah, there we go. Let's get back to Memphis. Yo, back to the Super Bowl. Yeah man, shit got wicked. We get, we taking Pat Mahomes outta that go conversation. He's still elite. Shout to the Eagles man. The way they won his game was crazy. I mean you don't even gotta take him outta it right now 'cause he's still got a long way to go. Yeah, yeah. I mean he, he, he still, he run the back. He can get another three peak. Man, it's cool. He, he gonna be straight. Let us get there. The real, the real topic of discussion on Super Bowl is Kendrick Lamar. How did y'all feel about the halftime performance? Everything I was looking for from Kendrick Lamar.


Okay. Be here. How did you feel? You was at home with some ladies with your family? Yeah. How did they feel about Super Bowl? It it just, it, my house wasn't lit. They weren't feeling the vibe. It wasn't on twerking on the, on the, on the freaky couches at my house. It was more sit down, you know what I mean? We at church pay attention type shit. So pretty much. Yeah it is a, I mean it is Kendrick though. I told everybody like, y'all be vouching. I mean hopping on a hot song, it is cool, kind dope. But niggas really don't be fans like, so it was different. It wasn't meant for the, he was more so giving us a message. He wasn't trying to get motherfuckers hype like Rihanna and all them. Nah, Mars Usher.


It wasn't that. It wasn't that bro. It was, it was definitely if you, if you pay attention, I ain't gonna go into all the Jewels but he was definitely making a statement and it was hard. And having Serena's out of pocket, I ain't gonna lie that was out pocket. That's hard. Fair game. I still put it. No, no, no. I'm saying but like people at my house didn't catch that. I caught that. I caught that. That was a like damn you doing, you going crazy. Get the X, you got my the ex Crip walking on it while I'm talking about you guys or damn like having faith in the video bro. Yeah, and Faith and Faith came out with some information we did not need this week. What'd she say this week regarding her sex life with Biggie? What she say? I leave it at that. I she say I wanna dive in.


What'd she say? I ain't heard it. Say say I'm gonna let Mike google it because it's gonna be funny for him to say it. You gotta find it first. Freaky f What did, well I know that. Well they still upset me with that video with Diddy and no boy in the bathroom and it's a nigga standing up pissing in the dress. Oh yeah, you talking about the one more chance it was recent? Yeah, we resurface again recently. You talking about she was on drink chimps? Yeah. And she said I I used to, I used to get it in. Yeah, she with him they were doing some little different stuff. Oh I thought they was talking about when she said she used to be like a was a, a freak monster or she was letting him, she was putting a finger in her booty and his booty.


Yeah they was taking turns with the groceries. A little bit more information than we needed to know but ah, well shit, that's a fat nigga too. It's, it's a lot of niggas getting they Assate r piece of the fat boy on all fours. Love we and Love people love however you want love. Well I'm just saying niggas is letting they girls eat they booty so shit. Show pizza the fat man. Man I ain't gonna talk about that nigga. He dead. Oh it don't 50 cent him man. Nah, I'm just saying like shout Hey Rrp my nigga Irv man they OG Freaks. Yeah. What? Why you get hate mail for posting that picture with Irv? Man I don't know bro. That's, that was my nigga though. He was cool. Definitely Rrp to Irv. Yeah bro.


A musical icon. You know I mean that ain't our beef People be inherited. Beef ain't got nothing to do with you never met that man to, I'm like why y mad at me because I know Irv nigga like RP he was cool but I understand it though. But that's, that's from another side of it. But so far just us just being fans of music bro. He a, he a icon. It is unknowable bro. Facts for sure man. Nigga made can out live bro. Like Yeah I know a lot of people won act like it didn't happen but that murder Aron what's crazy Ja has slaps, Ashanti has slaps. Oh man he had a big part of Whole's career bro. Big part of a lot of nigga's career bro. X as well. That was just his like domain. Alright, before we go there. Alright get back to Kendrick all.


So you didn't, did you like it? It was cool. You fucked with it? I fucked with it because I fucked with Kendrick. It was cool. I I'll ride with it. Well I understand it though, that's why. But it wasn't no that's not a Super Bowl vibe bro. Bro. He did some black ass shit throughout the Super Bowl. He got biggest in front of Trump. Yeah, the biggest this song ever. That's why I fuck with it for that. He performed the biggest this song ever at the Super Bowl. To me that's a win. Fuck everything else.


Who's scoring big in NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props money lines, you name it, DraftKings got it all. New customers. Now's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets easily. Take us to the record to DraftKings Sports book where every point counts. Download the app today. Use Code Club five 20. Yes, that's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets with just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio


Dear Yes, my love. Will you share the most precious thing in the world with me and be My bowl Mate. Are you asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes, a million times, yes. I will Always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in the Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online only on two 14. Join Qdoba Rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations. Qdoba Rewards members only log into your account or scan QR code at checkout. One offer per member cannot combine with other discounts or offers. Deliverying taxes extra other restrictions may apply.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Dell technology is celebrating with the anniversary savings on their most popular tech. For a limited time only, save a select next Gen PCs like the XPS 16 powered by Intel core Ultra processor and more. Unleash more possibilities with cutting edge systems. There's most advanced features and great prices. Plus curate your dream. Set up the deals on select monitors. Mice and more must have electronics and accessories when you shop online. dell.com/deals. You'll have access to the state of art technology to match your forward thinking, spirit and free shipping on everything. Anniversary Servings await you for a limited time. Only at dell.com/deals. That's dell.com/deals.


Get in zone. AutoZone, welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? My check engine Light's on. Mm, That could hurt your gas mileage. The AutoZone free fix finder service can help find the fix for free. Get in Zone this whole report for free. That's right. Printed and on your phone for free. Get But what if the fix is too tough? We'll recommend a local shop fix finder only at AutoZone. Get AutoZone restrictions apply.


Because if that could have been a real Kendrick performance, it would've been way better. His music ain't meant to be watered down. Yeah, nah, I just, just for the, those people there. I think they would've, they'd rather seen Molly Cyrus bro. Just Oh just you wait till they find out who gonna be booked next year. Lord, who? Who you think gonna be next year? Oh, somebody white Don. For sure. Don't you worry buddy. For sure. But I, I would've rather, for real, I would've, I would've been okay with seeing Wayne tonight bro. I've been okay man. A couple people said that I would've been okay with seeing Wayne tonight, bro. Yeah man. It wasn't, it was a bad game in the performance way where everybody wanted.


It was a good performance but it wasn't what everybody wanted so, ah. Oh he didn't all like us. I was, I was, I was perfectly fine with the performance. I got it. I understood where he was going with it. I fucked with it actually. I ain't gonna lie, but whatever. Yeah man, the game being as bad as it was, I mean, shout T Eagle, they kicked the ass. They did. They're supposed to do but it was a much better game. I think we had a little bit different energy behind it, but it was like damn, the game was over in the first half. Yeah. Facts. Seeing Pat Mahomes get killed. Like that was crazy though. Like he couldn't get a first down. He couldn't get a first down. That shit was epic. I know we probably talk about it more in the morning, but damn It is what? It's all right. Defense is just special bro. He nigga wasn't comfortable in that pocket or you wanna hear something crazy.


Shit wasn't green so shout out to my little homie at the crib. So we talking about, you know niggas about turn 16 and shit. We like what you want. You want a car for your birthday, man? Like what you want? You know most niggas want a car. This nigga told me I'll take a tattoo over a car. It's time bro. I said what yo you, you gonna get a tattoo, which you can get this anytime in your life. He said I can get a whip too. Nah bro. You got a car? I don't got a tattoo. Yeah, he, he looking at his surroundings like, yeah tap me up. Did he say where you trying to get tattoo?


Might be the dumbest shit I ever heard in my life where he said that shit, I'd rather have a tattoo than a car. He's fraud. But I mean that's, that's his swag bro. What kind of tattoo do he, yeah, I was gonna say weird. I don't even know. We didn't even get to that point. I just kept looking at him but I was like the family disappointed. Don't care. Yeah, I, I love him to death bro. But I said he want a tattoo over a car. He like, yeah see I gotta wait three months to get my license after I turned 16, whatever he was trying to tell me. I was like he was trying to do some math. He like I can get the tattoo right now because he know y'all can get tired of taking places. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. He's looking at his surrounds like, bro, KA been taking places.


Well your mom take you places forever. It doesn't matter bro. Bro, you get a tattoo. She is my Uber. You get a tattoo any day bro. Any day I gotta hold my permit bro for three to six months bro. Tap me up bro. About six months bro. You just let me borrow the bar bro. Bro tap me up while I'm waiting bro. Bro you get ta you not gonna get, you not getting no whip after the tap light skin. That shit gone bust. You had to ain. God I'm trying to go on my bat bro. Bro. Harder. You pull up in he you he pull up in a whip or I go to school like still ask niggas for a ride bro.


Your door sand bro. Over at, I couldn't believe he said that shit man. Tap in with the rich white people. Shit. Tap in. I believe I'm gonna get a whip. I can get a whip. I can get a whip anytime. You gonna have to wait. It's not, it's not between a ta and a whip. Yeah bro. It is. You asked me what I wanted for my birthday, it's just about which one I'm getting first. Yeah. Keep eye. No, no nigga you, you made a decision band on that. That's not fair. You don't get to ask next year. Well I'm ready for the wait next year. Next year it's yeah I work right Niggas ain't, they not like this. This is why parents are fucked up, up and, and I fuck with the kids for this because y'all say what do you want for your birthday?


And you don't say either or it's like nah bro, just I want a T for my birthday. Give me a whip but I want it for my birthday. Give me a fucking ta nigga. Nah, you, you can't cut a 200 tattoo nigga person however much thousand dollars whip nigga. He ain't comparing that to his head. You should have, they have a bad choice. How? How are y'all making this nigga get something for his birthday bro, that he don't want bro. Hey don't got, we just gave you an option you chose. No it's, it's not an option. I just want a tattoo for my birthday. Just gimme a car. Nah, I'm cool nigga. You ain't getting both. It's a gift regardless bro. Nigga making a kid decide between the tattoo and a car is crazy. It is because tattoo is permanent.


I'll try to tell the nigga I got enough of him. He's okay with that bro. But you get the whip. Okay. But it's a life decision. You could have his car for years bro. Let me drive one the whips to the driveway. Nah, hell no. Hell no. That's the whip bro. That's what I told him. I told him, I said you know you ain't gonna be drop my car. He's like my grandpa got a van. I said nigga you not gonna draw no van but gt About To flip this upside down.


Oh that's funny. I told, I told him, I said I'm about to go home, I'm about to go podcast bro and I'm about to talk about your ass. And he was like oh you not. I was like yes the fuck I'm, I love it. This is crazy. So tomorrow when you watch this nigga, I told you oh I swear to God I am paying for your tattoo just 'cause you wanna pull up in your beautiful neighborhood. Demand I'll paying for the first tattoo. Hey go. He gonna blow you up this nigga. He say with Bobby you gonna for it. I got you. I starting now. That's on.


He gonna upgrade his car because he Jim. Oh man. Aw man. Oh man. Shout to all the goat man. Hell yeah. I got your first set on my kids. I do. Fuck it. So before we get outta the Super Bowl, did you see Jamis Winson in the Orleans bro? Bro he was having a ball bro. He has to do that fulltime bro. I know he still play football but we need jam Winson before Spot at all times bro. Yeah he good at that shit bro. He was asking some funny ass questions. They was long as hell too. I'm like aw damn bro they can't. You ask three questions y'all think you gonna commentate after after you about to say graduate Retire? I he do something tv.


He has tv? Yeah for sure. That or he gotta be a youth pastor. One or two. Yeah he doing something with TV bro. He gold bro. Nah for sure. Did y'all see that watch? What kind of watch did Tom Brady do? He have on 800 K Boy. Yeah. What was that Mike? They not like us. Something we ain't fucking with. Damn hat watch was Vicious Bull. I just saw it in the camera. I ain't even know I ain't tapped in. I said God how you know? I looked out, I was like god damn with the look it up said that motherfucker busting. Now if I was gonna wear a watch, that's some shit I wear. I can't afford that but yeah that's, yeah that's, that's some shit I wear 800 bands, 800 bands on a watch. I can't do it. It look like a Jacob Jacob seven 40.


Damn. Well Jacob ain't that the nigga got locked up. Jacob got three? Yeah. Okay. He probably gave to that niggas I be buying shit no more. That's a lot of 800 KG is crazy Tom Fucking Brady. It's gonna be, everybody gonna quit like we are. It works. We asked him about it on the Super Bowl. Oh it worked. He done sold three of them off the shrimp. So it worked. Somebody else won to compare it label Line Green and I think as far to Tom Brady compensated Super Bowl because he was like yeah in the four Super Bowl I won, this is what happened. The six Super Bowl won, this is what happened. And it was fly because it's fly and it's real.


Yeah I I probably would've liked to hear Tony Romo. I ain't gonna lie. Nah Flex on these niggas it's Superbowl. Yeah but Tony Romo breaks the whole game down. Yeah Like it is more he, Tony Romo got niggas out here making scripts. For real bro. Tony Romo like I believe it. Yeah like I, I feel like he really like oh he's the best Tom Brady. I know he what he does. I know Tom Brady good. He the goal, he know what's about to happen but he don't break it down like to, he is different. I feel like I'm in the game with, I'm like oh shit that nigga might be open. Hold on like Tom Brady be like well they need to go to Worthy and they need to go here. And that's so weird watching Tony Romo. It's like nigga how you never won a Super Bowl where you was at nigga, how you threw out on goddamn pics and you know everything's about to happen.


I swear to God that first season I said hey fuck this nigga because there ain't no way that you telling me all this stuff off the cus and some of the shit that you did to us in the playoffs bro. It is crazy bro. Insane. But if you go look at his stats though, his career stats are crazy. No say Roman has an elite career. Yeah he like nice as fuck his stats is crazy as fuck. Yeah like he really nice as well. It's just what he was meant. I mean when he, they needed him to bo he fucked up bro. Nigga Tony would go 25 for 3,350 yards but up those three in completions it'd be two fucking pick sis. Like he had crazy, he had a hell of a room with the Cowboys though. Well year that when we went to go watch with them play Play Green Bay. Oh you talking about what Aaron Rogers did what he did us. That's why hey you see when the judge did the Aaron Rogers?


Yeah. They said yeah you gonna playing football but not with us. Yeah we cool. They tired him man. That's who I ready to commentate though. Aaron. Aaron Rogers you never gonna see that. Nah bro. Nah nigga's not fucking with Aaron Rogers. He about to team up with our boy Pat magazine. Yeah about nah about to go. He about to tap in. Nah he gonna step in bro. I said it here first. Y'all Roger Goodell go step in bro. He not gonna let, he not gonna let Aaron Rogers talk shit about the NFL. He thinks that shit's too sweet bro. You think he go, you think he done though? You think somebody's gonna pick up Aaron Rogers nothing about hell no. He done. I know a city likes to take old quarterbacks and rehabilitate them from one last year. Indiana the coachs at McAfee.


If y'all do that boy y'all out of pocket free Y'all free Zaire, free ej. Nah they ain't Aaron Rogers not coming here. Nah Freemont guys bro. No way. He's coming here bro. You think it's over? It's Quad ride? Yeah it's over. Indiana's not even a vibe for him though. They not going for that bro. I don't think he's at a a place anymore where he gets to like pick. I think it's like who will accept Aaron Rogers at this point? Mm I think he done though. You won a Super Bowl bro. You cool. You gonna go to he's 40 something 90? Yeah you get your gold jacket ready First Battle Hall of Famer. You ain't tripping. Yeah that's a landslide. What else happening in the world? Yeah that's crazy man. Well man get well soon to NFL they done to the draft now it's time to hoop.


Man. You know who else need to get well God damn Anthony Davis. Hey man shit first of all let's, let's, that's so crazy. That whole situation DeLuca a D Tre right? The more stuff we're finding out the stuff behind the scenes. First of all let's go ahead and get straight to it man. A D first game he was killing first, killing, murdering always about to have an emergency podcast and then he had an emergency and he, you know what I'm saying? AB injury give well soon to my boy, he's out for multiple weeks. Mask fans are already pissed bro. Live sick. My Twitter was jumping live it. They are pissed. This was their biggest fear. It happened game one. Game one. They're protesting.


They outside of there saying bring Luca back. He's not fat. They have chance for this shit. They have signs. It's over though. Bring Luca back. He's not fat, fat bro. They were championship bro. I have a video. This just hilarious. But the world on the street was a bigger play. Mm. That's what the word on the street is deeper in rap. They said it was some casino shit. Yeah. So the new owner go Yeah you gotta deep. Nah, nah, new owner, he, he got a bigger play of hand. He's trying to go ahead and make this a whole shebang. He's trying to get a whole resort made and the Mavs will be a part of that result. And basically what he's trying to do allegedly or what is in play is that if the Mavs aren't good enough, they're going to either have to move that team or they're gonna have to give it to them and give 'em the result they want and then he'll put more back back into the team.


So either way looking like he about to force somebody in. Yeah. And since they wasn't fucking with him, I guess they was like look we gonna move y'all face of the franchise. Move him alone. Y'all gonna give us something shit. Obviously if the Mavs are bad or they're not good, you know everybody wanna move somebody to Vegas. That's some gangster shit though. They did Make a statement earlier today and said the Mavs will not be going to Vegas. But of course I think they, I don't think they going to Vegas either. Oh. But I think they will be having a casino. They gonna get what they want. Yeah, I think they gonna be a casino because motherfucker like DeTrey Luca you motherfuckers really don't give a fuck.


Yeah like our money too long. We'll fuck this league up in this thing. Yeah. And we don't give a fuck Likers. We bought the scene for one reason only Lakers lick they chops nigga like what's up? We ain't gotta talk to nobody. Trey hit the button bro. The fact that you come out Angels just like, I didn't even know like what the fuck was going on. That's crazy. People involvement trade know what's going on because we always just like they didn't shop him nowhere else. Like shout out to ad ad's a great player Hall of Famer Top 75 but y'all coulda got some better offers, draft picks or something. But that's what I That's crazy. Seems like that's real though. Me. It's like we will fuck the league up. Yeah that brother like that's on some real shit. I feel like they said like we will fuck the league up.


Alright we gonna send Luca to the fucking Lakers. Y'all. Y'all not gonna give us a, y'all ain't gonna okay y'all ain't gonna write off on the casino. We thank y'all for that too because y'all helped us shit appreciate that. But just to think about like hey y'all tell they won a casino too. Like what y'all ain't gonna do it? Alright I got something for you. You think we playing Lu at your asses outta here bring us Anthony Davis. That's why I be like shit motherfucker say it PL league all right to them owner God damn. Show y'all we make this bitch shake. Oh no they could make it shake for sure Pause. But they could make it where it's not even a fun lead. Yeah. Owners if they really wanted to they can apply pressure.


Like when they had that amnesty clause they could put shit in the league or like hey let's all grouped together. We ain't giving nobody Supermaxes when it's Supermax time nigga Trey your Stars. And that's what they said another conspiracy that was just like, that's what niggas gonna be on that. Oh Supermax trade. Just trade them. We don't give a fuck 45 let's just swap, let's just swap our all stars out. We don't give a fuck. Yeah we gonna all make money. Yeah. Hell yeah. Shit. Keep it in the family. Yeah we all gonna make money. Keep it in the family championships don't mean it's more as seats. Hell nah bro. Jason Tatum up for the Supermax trade. Them you are a Memphis grizzly.


Yeah like trading for jobs just do wild shit because they saving money. The name they game is just saving money. That's crazy. If they're not saving money, they making money. Money. Fucking Dallas Mavericks started a domino effect. I don't think nothing else could. But there some people that it is, some owners are so competitive and like wanna win that they won't be down with it. You know what I mean? Like the Boston Celtics, they like to win. Yeah they not but they about they selling the team so whoever the new owner is might be on that like shit, fuck that. But a lot of owners are super competitive. Like Clipper's owner, he competitive. He wanna win so. Oh hell yeah he ain't, he probably nah, fuck that.


He ain't gonna be with that shit. I pay him the super Well they told PG to move on. Ner said nah, he did tell PG to Kick Rock too now it was but they seen the writing on the wall. Yeah like Steve Bomber don't give a damn but he also, he ain't stupid. Yeah you can see the writing on the wall with pg. He kind of knew like he was, he was coming down a little bit like you know what I mean? That's still crazy. He still one of the players. I'm like I don't know bro. It is seeing Paul George hoop like he hooping. I'm like I just pray he really injured like not wishing that on him but like his result of how he playing, I hope it's because of his injury And also too like to shoot some grace which is what year?


13, 14 for pg. It is. Niggas can't be cold forever. Nah, I know I'm that like listen, everywhere I'm speaking from is 'cause I've been in your shoes. I know like I think this might be year 14 for P might be 15 because he is a year after me I think. Yep. 2010. Yeah it might be year 15 for P like 14. At least 14 or 15. Yeah. Yeah. Like shit, he ain't supposed to be still super super like it is rare nigga just still super, super cold in year 14. That ain't, it is not that normal to be just like that in year 14. Like so he would've got two more years.


You think two? Nah, I mean he in a, he got three more years on this deal. I'm talking about to play at a decent level. I mean he just hurt. He and he don't, they sad like when you sad you start not giving a fuck. Kind of like ah man Joelle ain't playing shit. I'm hurt Joelle about to get another surgery. Yeah be out So you, they don't really tripping. That's what I told you. I got tired of him talking about we were a tough team. We play y'all not playing basketball together this year. Stop this bullshit. Everybody go rest for next year bro. Yeah Joelle go have a surgery. Yeah. Damn I had high hopes for the fucking six years bro. I didn't. I told you that at the beginning. You did but you definitely said motherfucker said shit wasn't gonna work.


I said they gonna be hurt. That's crazy. Ty's maxi hooping too. And I told y'all about Mark Williams too. You were, you were correct about that. I said they know his injury history bro. The Nigerian Hornets scammers. I knew it dear.


Yes my love. Will you share the most precious thing in the world with me and be My bowl mate? Are you asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes, a million times. Yes. I will Always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in the Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online only on two 14. Join Qdoba Rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations. Qdoba Rewards members only log into account or scan QR code at checkout. One offer per member cannot combine with other discounts or offers. Deliverying taxes extra other restrictions may apply.


Dell technology is celebrating with the anniversary savings on their most popular tech. For a limited time only, save a select next Gen PCs like the XPS 16 powered by Intel core Ultra processor and more, unleash more possibilities with cutting edge systems. There's most advanced features and great prices. Plus curate your dream. Set up the deals on select monitors. Mice and more must have electronics and accessories when you shop online. dell.com/deals. You'll have access to the state of art technology to match your forward thinking, spirit and free shipping on everything. Anniversary Servings await you for a limited time only at dell.com/deals. That's dell.com/deals.


Get in Zone Auto Zone. Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? I Think my battery's dead With free battery testing and charging. We can help you get back on the road. Get Zone Auto. So what if I need a new One? We have the right Durast battery for you. Only at Auto Zone. Get zone Auto And what about my old battery? We can recycle it right here at America's number one battery destination. Get Inside AutoZone Restrictions apply.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


They out here is finessing my favorite organization. What? What? What happened with that though? He couldn't pass fist. He come past the physical. I knew it. I was like you don't give up No. Yo. So what he had the horse pitch? Nah, that nigga took that motherfucker Magic Scbu pitch to to the station. Something wrong with his back. They said it wasn't his back though. Oh so his back said he done his physical but it just wasn't, they wanted to make sure that everybody knew what was a picture of the smoke. Turkey ball shot me the shook it said this Mark wheels before he gotta the ho say shit y'all, y'all some skaters man. I'm I told you get this nigga outta here. I said bro, if you giving up, you giving up 16 nine from a 22-year-old nigga.


Something wrong. You know what I mean? Especially y'all team. Ain't y'all in rebuild mode? Yeah. Fuck ain. Y'all fuck something wrong? They like yeah they all crazy. Oh we get Don Connect run them knees or what you call it. My shit Cabbage Nigga needs is Cabbage. Nigga run this nigga y'all want him Okay for they put said we come get the nigga right there. They was over there praying that nigga passed that physical like the Lakers wasn't gonna do it in depth detail, physical. They was hoping they was just like, yeah run it. Oh I was cracking that head Don. Nick was available from running shoot around. He got snatched up so quick. It was a nah, y'all not about to play in our face like that. Thanks. I know Dogg going back in that motherfucking locker room like man better not another motherfucker say that to be man.


Oh God I be shitty. I was gonna ask you T have you ever been to a situation we had a teammate come back in. That type of, I know that's some weird shit that that rarely happens but like how would you even process that like that? What you on? I ain't had that situation. I ain't, I No, that's rare bro. Y'all going back to hoop normal or y'all, y'all feel away? Nah, to the Lakers. I feel away but I'm, it's a job that's, yeah, I'm about to say that. I'm gonna get my chicken though. You gotta look at it like for me to get traded, that mean I had some value. Like somebody was like trading for me that mean they, you know what I mean? Yeah. Either way. Mark Williams and Lakers wanted two vice versa and Charlotte wanted two connect. So it was like people like me and it is a business at the end of the day.


You don't fall in love. Like I fell in love with Atlanta, the team that drafted me. But you gotta think the people that draft you are actually people who draft you. It's not the team. Yeah. You know what I mean? So a GM like you or whoever the president like you, that's all it is. It ain't really the city or the team that draft you so person. That makes sense. So you fall in love with the city and all that shit. You be, you be kind of hurt but nigga you gotta remember it's a person that drives it ain't the city or the team. So you gotta go back and get to work. Get to work though. Yeah. You can't hold it against them. You still gotta go perform for the city. Yeah and the fans. Damn. That's crazy. Especially if you in a situation, you think you move into a better city and then you gotta go back home.


I know my wi but shit damn, I'm about to go to la. I'm about to go hoop LeBron and Lucas up. He like, damn I gotta come back and hooper miles. Nah, no. He probably was happy as fuck though. That's what I was about say, I mean that was a great situation. Yeah. You all your young guys, it ain't no pressure. Like he, he ain't never really played in no pressure moments. He been hurt a lot to go play with the Lakers at a contending team and you gotta go perform. Now imagine if he go over there and get, he already hurt. I guess they can't pass a physical. So imagine him getting to the Lakers nigga and can play. Man, that pressure gonna be crazy. He probably end his career over there. Man. I was, I was. You got this bum ass nigga can't even get on the Cory.


Oh they was gonna disrespect him. They was going, you know they was, nigga it's not my fault Sean, he all away. Candy, they gonna start talking all types of shit. Shit I was dying. But they showed the picture of David Stern when the Trey got rescinded. They would just like, he would never fail this league. Adam Silver would never that crazy. That's crazy that Trey resend is nasty. And it happened after did lost so they couldn't do nothing else off they roster. Lakers would've been up though. The Lakers got fucked, fool. Yeah. Yeah they done. That's what trying to get for beating our ass like that. Yeah, it came with a consequence. Beat the shit out the Patriot on Saturday. Guess what, Trey resend. What y'all think about Ben Simmons going to the Clippers? I'll fuck with it. I hope Ben go play basketball. For real? Yeah, I think he'll be alright over there with you. Yeah, I think you still play.


For real? Yes bro. I don't know why y'all think my nigga Zap bro. I mean he came us a lot of evidence to say that it's not the same. I hope he can still hoop. I fuck with Ben but I, I hope the same go kill. I hope like that shit on Space Jam gimme my powers back. I hope shit just magically like he started running fast again and dribble, handoff and dunking and fake. I hope that shit just magically come back and I'll just be like, thank you because Ben Simmons I fell off but god damn his shit was like dramatic. Like that's where he at bro. He love LA already too. He a LA nigga. For real bro.


Ben Simmons was supposed to be a parental Allstar. Yeah, like he get back to it. It was people saying Ben Simmons was supposed to be the face of the league. Like once he could, he could have jumped shot. He gonna be face of the league. He could've been, he was, he was going up there in Anchor bro. For sure. I just hope he start playing for real again. Guard one through five. I'm excited. I yeah, I, I hope that I know how I feel about it when he was killing like yeah him and I'm gonna stick beside my dog though man. I think he gonna play great. I hope so. Him and B bro was supposed to be that that one two combo for a very long time period. Egos got in the way, shit. Hell too. Hell yeah. Niggas, bodies. But egos too was in the in there. But it's one thing for you to be heard but them niggas didn't like each other.


Yeah, I don't know all that but there's a lot going on behind the, and I wasn't really tapped in but, and B was hating on him at towards the end. Yeah I swear to God. I mean because he ain't shoot that leg up. He did. Trey Young came over for the help side. He was like damn the nigga tall, shoot the ball Ben. But you know it's crazy. Tre Young Six Foot, he came over the help side. Vincent was six 10. That's when I shoulda dunk. Dunk on the elbowed him on chop of his head. But yeah that's when some some right. Yeah him passing up the leg up is clipped up. But at the same time they put the side by side of how many games they played. They was like, since you been in like New Jersey, I mean with the net. Excuse me nigga, he ain't paid a many more games to you and B, y'all both be chilling. Yeah, y'all both collected next deals on the load. That was a wash bro.


I think him and Peasy and Hard and all them over there. They gonna be cool. I hope so. Let him run a four. Oh no choice. I was gonna say starting before though that he's not starting, he will let him graduate. They will not put him next to gradually. I mean get into it. He's gonna start three. Gonna start over. Not Derrick Jones Jr. It's gonna be four and five bro. He is bro. Watch they put him next to Zoo. That's a nasty ass four and five bro. Anyway. All right. They defense gonna be fired though if he, if he healthy for real. I'm telling y'all bro. Yeah, he eventually is gonna be a starter team with mp, Kawai and Ben Simmons as y'all. 2, 3, 4. Yo.


Defense gonna be a lot better legit. Yeah, and we big though. Yeah, we big bro. And, and he motivated. He just got bought outs, contract gear about to go perform. We get a bag. I hope so. That'd be fired. Bitch, go kill in the playoffs bro. I'm fucking with it. I love, I hope so. I love that drill. I knew you was gonna fuck with that. I swear to God bro. I love that shit because y'all about to see him really kill like y'all. Y'all play with me. Don't worry. You putting a lot of stock in this, in this bit. Simple situation. Yeah, I'm putting my money on Ben. Ooh. He gonna be on the crash out. Oh man. Speaking of crash, I man give up soon so I'll be pj man. Pj, he moved around a lot last week man. Yeah, I thought I had called my dad, we was lit about Miami and it seemed like my nigga where he end up?


Toronto. Oh, he Toronto ain't bad city either, but I don't think he has lit happy about Toronto. I ain't call him about tdot. I'm have to, I'm have to see if he fucking with Tdot that that team ain't, it ain't the same. Now if DeMar and Lou was there, he'd been cool. Yeah, he not, he not he to go kick with rj. He not a RJ bird. He's definitely not a, what's my other boy that'd be killed. Scotty Barnes? Nah, he not kicking with Scotto no circumstances. I'm gonna give him a call. See what I, I wonder if he showed up. I'm gonna give him a call though. Grady d you ain't, he might get the play though, so I'm gonna give him a call. I mean shit, I wouldn't mind it. They they weak a call. Yeah, they def tanking for sure.


No limit a call. But that Damion Mitchell to Miami. Hey Miami gonna be all right. That was good. That was a good pitch. I like, we'll see, we gonna see. I ain't, I ain't no really hype about him. He a good defender but Mm. I just feel he a person that supposed to make, make him make sense with he wanted Miami type of guys. Yeah, he is a Miami type guy. I get what you're saying. He do. Fifth eight culture. Man, Nico get death. Rush's crazy though. Yeah, he traded the, the heart and soul, the bro. I'm at work. I'm not taking work on you traded the heart and soul bro. Yeah, bro. And you did it with no like, no re conversation. You ain't get nobody no heads up.


It wasn't no, you ain't giving fans to give no backlash or nothing. You just did it. They hate him. Yeah, Nico, you gotta understand that though. If you him, that's what come with it bro. Yeah, but Nico can't go to the Mavericks game and watch. Nah, not right now. Somebody gonna hit him the back of the head. No, not right now, bro. Running down the gym is crazy bro. You got to though. No back head stand. You gotta hit him in the back of the head with a motherfucking job. A Gizzy bro. Yeah, he know. Back of the head with a gli. No, you could have said a Coke. Well that's a, that's a ballgame tree though. Izzy. Izzy. That's crazy. White dresses up a ball game tree.


What a what A collab. Balls and Ziess. That's what these get at at ball games bro. Lizzies Nachos, overpriced Pepsi Waters overpriced. Pepsi beers and them hard ass chicken tenders that everybody have, bro. Nobody got crazy food bro. At, at Arenas bro. Yeah, arena food is damn near. Like you gotta be like on the family and friends side to get some, depending on where you at though. I love to have some fire food. Yeah. Nacho concession stands though, bro. I ain't never had that. Me. Yeah bro. Yeah, popcorn me every other option there. He was just there. Yeah. And that food was trash.


It is random as fuck. But I went to go see the Scissor and Kiki Palmer movie solid movie. That shit was all right. Yeah, it's a solid movie bro. Yeah, I, I just had my expectations for that movie were very low but I ended up liking it actually. Solid. What is that about? It's called one of them days if I'm correct. It's basically like a Girl Friday kind of, it's a little bit of like cheesy shit in there, but the cheesy shit in there is black So you fuck with it. Yeah. Like it is not, it was like I saw it too. I was like, I wasn't mad at it like I did. I was like, all this is cool. What's it called? Oh one, one of 'em does? Yeah. Solid movie. I check that out on Sling tv. That ain't no tube yet. They locked it. Nah, they did, they did Ling Nah, it was a solid movie though.


I, I was, I was thoroughly impressed. I just knew it was about to be something weak and I left her like damn solid. Yeah, I seen like Kiki Palmer, man that movie made, that movie made me like her like I used to think she was annoying. Yeah, I used to be like, I hated Kiki Palmer. But that movie right there might be like, damn, I kind of like Kiki Palmer, I like her and SSA as a combo like that shit. Yeah, it was like a, it made a lot of sense. Ss a fire. I'm check that out. Her update was fired. Yeah. You spending $15 to see SSA for an hour and a half is not Oh no. Not bad money at all. Nah, any her, her iPhone update was the best. I don't seen a while. Her and Kylie Jenner the remix. I don't, I don't watching that on any Jailbroken device I have at home.


So. Yeah. I hope they come to your house, man. I hope they, I hope they pull up when get the knock. I heard you. I hope you get that knock shout out to my nigga. That dude No don't jail break Fire Sticks no Roku. No he don't. No he don't. We don't know him. I said damn, I got a thousand apps on these motherfuckers. No we don't. I see what you the Pornos used to watch. I don't gotta pay for them. Wait, what the hbo o shit team used to watch? I got all that's free bro. So out to the plug say the name. Shout the movie. Y'all go check that out. I told that movie.


This is gorgeous. It's black, black History bump, go see a black movie. I saw the these too. That was solid. I wish the movie was shorter but other than that it was solid. I wish that at, I ain't checked that one out. Yeah, the first one was I fucked the first one. Heavy, heavy. Y'all niggas really be going to the movies. That's something me and Wifey love to do. It's like a something we always been doing since we started dating years ago. What was the best movie y'all seen this year so far, or 2024? Damn. I fell asleep in Gladiator. All right. I saw Gladiator too at the crib and I'm happy I did. That shit was me. That shit was super weak. See that niggas watch movies at home. I was in that bitch.


I can Cruc watching. Nah, it's already, it's already on the, on the streaming app. My monthly prescription. What else came out this year? What came, what came out this year? Mike? I'm, It ain't really been too many movies that came out as last like year. Realistically I was say I'm looking, it wasn't nothing. I I think gonna see Lion King. The new one was probably the best I've seen so far. Damn, that was what, around Christmas? Yeah, I didn't see that. I been seeing kids movies. That was, that was smooth. I I wasn't mad at the Lion King that was smooth. Jonathan Majors back. He got a movie coming out right? Yeah. They said, you know what I'm saying, this talks that he might, he might get his Marvel job back.


Oh, for real. That'd be Dope Day Needy because that Captain America shit about to be ass. I I, I'm gonna tell you right now, I am absolutely sleep on him. I think he's one, I hate watching him as an actor, but damn, I ain't say that. I ain't say that either. Anthony Mackey is mid, mid, mid to me. Whoa. Don't do that. He had some roles I fucked with. Like what Anthony Mackey, I think I seen him in a couple too before Baby Daddy is the best role he ever had. Nah, he got some name the movies he is in then he play Papa do Baby Daddy. Yeah, he knows both his parents. Yeah, Papa died. There we go. Eight Mile. I'm sleeping on Anthony Mackey, bro. I'm like, damn, that name sound familiar.


Tomato Tomato Was a solid movie. I like, Excuse me, maybe me some more that what? Strike the VHS maybe me something else Triple nine. He was, he was in Game with the Rock. Yeah, well he was just little steroids. Yeah, I fucked with it. Tomato, tomato Boo. Booo. But th that movie was gonna be good. So Anthony back, he what kind of actor was he? A C list, B-list, A-list. Oh my nigga. Is he, He is a a-list actor, mid major. He's an A-list. I, I'm not judging, I dunno. He's in Captain America. He's Miami of Ohio. Marvel movies bro. So is he Duke or Miami of Ohio? What? He's niggas Duke, Florida State.


He t Florida State is crazy. He he's a Marvel character bro. I Feel like him and Cuba getting Junior are like the same person. Whoa, whoa. You got Cuba. Fucking whoa. I don't need Cuba. Anthony, I wish you more success but Cuba is a legend of my hood. Oh God. Poison in the hood and radio. Anthony could never, Anthony could never be a big God. That nigga back Beyonce. You disrespectful. He had Beyonce on deck bro. I'm thinking like Snow Dogs An Mackey. I fuck with you. I guess. Yeah, Beyonce on deck. Cuba good. JR is crazy bro.


Listen to the movie. He was fucking Beyonce. And then play a slow dig at Radio. Radio Radio's a fire movie. It was a good movie. I'm just saying Anthony Radio, He doesn't have a fire movie like that. Yeah he do. He got nigga he plays in a Marvel movie. Yeah, he's fucking, I'm, he's like when he can act, what's his character on Marvel Falcon or some shit. Falcon nigga, he's in every Marvel movie. He got a back for show. But that movie is gonna be good though. But that's a nasty verse Daddy Day camp. These movies are sad. They remixing these names. Daddy Day camp. Yeah, because I know, I know Eddie Murphy. Yeah. Yeah.


Man, y'all niggas really ear tapped into the movies though. I fuck with movies though. But he not, he not a C Lister or No, he, he's, y'all gotta come to a common ground though. But he like bro, he like Florida State bro. If you at Marvel bro, you who? You Florida State bro. Oh okay. The name is definitely recognizable but you never say damn I movie. Yeah, what's up? I'm Tupac. That's what he said in the movie and Notorious. Yeah. Tupac never said what's up and then say his name afterwards. No, but outside the word I was a so respect. I ain't catch that one. Yeah, stretch to B Hs. What's dude name from? Well y'all sound like to me y'all should have sound. Y'all should have compared Andrew Mackey to Cuba.


Good. And Junior's brother Omar. No he could never do Smart Guy Omar. What you want some strawberry soda nigga? I ain't never heard anything Mac say that. That nigga do podcasts and shit. Y'all brother, he get on your ass. Not fuck with him. Nah, I'm just saying like different. He was Obama career and offer him so to drink. That nigga's a legend. Those are good tears right there. Nah bro, he Cuba and Omar, he's wave above Omar bro. Omar doesn't play in no real movie. He played in Bad Baby boy. I was just going off what DJ said about don't listen to dj. Okay. DJ is, he's trolling right now bro. The nigga's in Marvel movies bro. Okay. He's bro, he consistent job.


He's in Florida. He's Florida State bro. He always there. He's never gonna win shit. But they always there. He's like Norfolk State, they have a, see what I'm saying? No, no, no. Norfolk State is like bro they win a copper tournament but they get it is a 16 seat. They smack up. No bro. Marvel is nowhere near 16 bro. No, now George Mason, now we, oh yeah, let's go. No he's not. Oh let's go. I ain't Jordan Mason went to a final four Anthony Mac. Y'all ain't gonna never let them disrespect you bro. I don't know you bro. We'll go to the movie so I'm outta that bro. Y'all gonna fuck real. We might have a interview.


Y'all fucked it up nigga. Y'all nigga between you and dj, he headlining a Marvel movie. He's the star in a Marvel movie. Oh well DJ outta pocket then He outta Pocket nigga it's a whole movie and you marvel, you the goat nigga. Come on bro. You the new Captain America. Oh DJs outta pocket. DJ Pocket. Okay, okay. Google and see how I felt about him being new Captain Murder. Everybody hates it. But you outta pocket bro. Everybody hates it nigga. But they chose me nigga. They fought Harrison Ford in as the fucking Hulk to save this movie. It's gonna be fired though. It's good movie. I'm just saying. What, what are you looking at of actors? I dunno. You looking at tears of actors. Oh, Denzel said his tongue fucked up.


He can't talk no more. Huh? He said he bit his tongue and it fucked up his, he bit his tongue. All right. Hey that's a freaky shit. Listen, you a fan. You a fan. You a fan. No. Yeah we ain't doing nothing. Shout to the legend boy. Come fix it. Hey speak what? Listen, let's move on. Speaking of tears, I wanna ask Lindy Kravis don't let your nigga go out like that Man. World need Denzel. Nope. He made fences? Nope. Denzel, he made fences. No offenses. I would say fences. That's my nigga. Kanye West is still on the Twitter ran at this point. I don't know what his problem is.


Nah, he took it too far. Yeah, he's sick. But I wanted to ask y'all who is the best like celebrity Twitter of all time. 'cause right now I put Meek me at the top four two. Douglas is having a very strong case though. His, his sports gambling tweets are the best of all time bro. It might. It might be Ye yeah it is crazy bro. Yeah I ain't going even put his shit. We not agreeing what? What he saying But no, this new shit we not counting because that shit's foul. He outta pocket. That shit's disgusting. But like the older ones that the Gucci rant is definitely top tier before he went to jail. But he disrespected everybody mask. Yeah. When he was lying and was going crazy. That's Lee Meek just got so many hitters though bro. That bro Kanye Wildling right now.


No, I don't know what, I love the fact that everybody was, he said something worse than the slave shit. Yeah. Yes, yes. Oh I ain't tapped in. Yeah, he's, he's that nigga is selling merch bro. Yeah, he's wild Merch. He's wildling bro. He's pick six. His merch on something he should be doing. Yeah, wildling man. Damn. Ain't being very disappointed right now. Oh yeah. I ain't damn. Yeah he wildling What brings that conversation? Can you separate it? What? Can you separate the music from the person? Oh I don't know these niggas bro. I yeah I for sure can. I can't, I dont get tapped separate. I can't separate that one. Hmm. I don't know what's going on but I just, I just don't get into who them peoples are bro.


I think everybody picks and chooses where they do and I think everybody has that right to and I think it's certain stuff that people draw their line with and understand. He is getting to a point. It's like damn bro. Like you make classic nigga love but it's just like this just like this is low P like yeah because you don't gotta fuck with him but it just looks, it just looks, it looks terrible bro. Yeah it's like, like what the fuck some of these shit. It's like damn nigga like nah bro. Yeah I mean he blew with me with the slavery shit bro. I'm like bro you but what y'all think about his girl going to the spot butt ass. That's just all types of na shit. They said, they said a plastic surgeon said his business just went up 50% after that. 'cause girls is coming in like I want her body. Damn that's, that's just influence though.


Shout to the promo. But yeah, I'm the, I'm the biggest bro. When you, when you that freaky bro, you don't care about nothing bro. You just don't really care. He don't really care about that. You got morals? Yeah. Yeah that's, I purposely got you. 'cause you look like my old thing, like that type shit, that's what he be on or whatever. He like at the time bro. Yeah. Don't really give a fuck. Yeah that shit's too. He can get a new hole tomorrow bro. He got a cold bro. That nigga that's a cold bro. That nigga one of the girls that suing him allegedly. He said I never fuck 'cause she stinks. I'm not like, but that's legit though. But I was just saying but watch it round Kanye.


I didn't know she stayed bro. I was trying to crack but you're, she's suing you bro. I know but Y accidentally came across a shit like damn you was bad. But all my NBA niggas know Because I'm a griller. I'm like somebody get his phone. Yeah bro. Like she is suing you now it's gonna be defamation bro. That's what I'm telling y'all. Like he don't give a fuck. He is Antonio Brown, y'all he don't care. You see that shit but just the basis, fuck who said it. The basic of that conversation is I did crack her because she stink is legit. It is. It is very legit. But the niggas that came across some shit and been like nah I'm cool but I don't feel like this was the first link.


I feel like this is probably but you can't say it bro. When you yes you can. No. You's not gonna win a lawsuit. That's my second. But I'm saying when you him bro, he's saying the worst shit clearly from what y'all saying, this nigga's out of pocket. Yeah he that is minute bro. I'm saying whatever the nigga say he Hitler bro. He say he the new Hitler bro. That nigga don't care bro. It's, it makes it a issue to me. I feel when people get shed light on that shit though bro you gotta kind of let that nigga rock. Nah that's everybody been doing that block. Okay. You got something about to sell us 'cause you out here saying a whole bunch of shit. Yeah bro. Get no attention. Trade get line NL. Alright bro we just going let you just smile out. Yeah I let, I just think he funny bro.


Tweeting that's crazy. Like just like that part I thought was funny like nigga you, because niggas can't relate bro. Like nah I know what you talking about nigga. The situation is fucked up. But I'm not saying that you can't relate it is just that like, like what you want him acting like these NBA niggas know and then you go look at the girl, you'll be like Okay. Like you know what I mean? Like niggas probably do know. Yeah one of his NBA niggas probably put him on though. Like bro why don't you tell me she smelled like god damn the affair. Nigga that was crazy with Kanye Gremlin. He probably, he probably really ran through it. Kanye posted that and I found him with, with Kim. The Chris Ball pick.


It is still the craziest tweet about side for him to host that before niggas went to sleep. Bro Kanye West is really a terrorist bro. Kanye be crazy. He don't need, he does not need a cell phone. He is the person that does not need wifi bro. Yeah, just catch Kanye person bro. And I mean like I said bro, niggas can relate. Niggas done do some shit that this I what the album gonna be like. I don't wanna hear it enough. I'm don't. That's how I, it is just, it just ruined everything else from here on out bro. Enough bro. I definitely don't wanna hear it. He made a gospel album. Yours back though. That's the crazy part. Jesus king is fire gospel choir is fire but he, they said that he didn't pay him so he's scamming the Lord bro. You're not scamming the Lord just his people bro.


He works. That's two different nigga. He tj, he's two different people bro. I can let you play different bro. How can I pay all these more bro? What you told you you were was a job bro. It's 70 people in this choir bro. What we doing y'all bro you have to pay the people. You suck to work bro. Everybody in Kirk Franklin in the family bro. It was not lit bro. They all got paid. Nah bro. Everybody was not lit bro. No they had to probably split a small percentage. Everybody got paid. Have to gotta educate y'all niggas bro. When you in a choir like that bro, you always see those first six people with the main mics. Those who are the people who get paid the background choir, ato, Sopranos and Tenors.


There's no checks for them nigga. They getting paid. They doing love again. You all I'm trying to tell you. Yes bro. The first people in the mic you got Kurt Franklin and then you got Tim LaMann husband and all them those people, the family, those people get paid bro. The people behind them bro. It's no love in the game bro. That's just an education Certific y Just some education for y'all bro. Wish y needed to know so don't ever start acquiring bro. It's gonna be beef bro. Get your business straight. Y'all think Kurt Franklin this what he, what surgery he had. Damn because that nigga go back to Kurt Franklin first cd.


That nigga had a jury curl a gap and a part middle of his head. Now this nigga look like a whole different person. Niggas get their teeth doing No I mean he might have a facelift though. A facelift. Yeah bro. Get a face. BBLs crazy telling y'all bro. I think bro had a facelift. He can afford it. Yeah, but I think he did bro. What about gp? Look at him. Look at that nigga bro. That picture is crazy. That's a wild, that's a wild dude. He like Travis best. Oh me Go to go to the cur when he had that jury curl OG Curt in the nineties bro, that's come on bro. Bro that's the beginning. Niggas older. He's 50, 60 years old now.


And look younger nigga, like he old bro right here. That nigga looked just like PLAs bro bro. I'm telling you bro. Yeah, that motherfucker too was dangerous. Look at him, he like he was in top period from there. Used to watch the big booty category nigga I was addicted. That's what he said. He said well I love that motherfucker too. He said he used to watch the big booty category. Yeah her filter is crazy. Well hitting, hitting your hammer bro. You got all the women in that choir. It is crazy. Y'all was traveling with Sammy bro. One of them bitches are good bro. I'm never attacking my hammer bro.


I they crazy. I think he was Apostolic bro. We're on Soprano style. He would've been with no they had them dresses on. He couldn't see what he was bro ain't get it fucked up. Them churchy bitches boy. That's team pre that pregame outfit the ass. He looking for Wasn in. That was little different bro. Them squirts. He because he was in for that di Yeah, he could see what them squirts. You can see if they got a shave you can see through them DITs bro. Man let me stop bro. I know some Apple style people. I ain't gonna try to throw a couple of they names bro. You went to school with a couple bro? Nah, I don't know.


I Dunno, I dunno. But I'm just saying I know somebody and I ain't trying to play with em like that. Poor yo. Shout out. I dunno who they are. I'm just, hey the shoutouts on this show they go was nigga you know that if you fan off nigga they with the fight. Oh you know I don't nigga try to put somebody on me. I know nigga. You know 'em. Motherfucker Shout to all the believers man. Boy I always bringing up church boy nigga. I see y'all nigga start talking about church. You brought Up Kirk Franklin. I said that nigga look different bro. Swear to God nigga look like a different person bro. Nigga I swear to Guy got facelift. I don't care what nobody say. I don't care.


I'm just saying Kurt two. Yep. Oh G you with, I remember Kirk with the Jerry Cur fight. Kirk Fred Hammond boy. Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred. He gastric Fred. Fred comes straight from the bitches Respect on me. Hey that nigga IG lit. Fred, Fred IG Lit. Fred comes straight for the ho for real a gospel go tap in. Who? Who IG was not Clark. He heed on us team. What about to the, what's the one nigga that died that was in them? Who? He was wearing a muscle shirts.


He looking oh that nigga. That nigga got AIDS and got bitch. Oh he done had aids. Stop Eddie Long in that's what he, nah bro he had a heart. Heart he died. We know though, we did this one day. Nah he had a heart attack. You can't quit putting that on. He had a heart attack bro. That nigga I was meant to say Al Sharpen though. That nigga was Zombie. Yeah. Who had, who had a better rebrand Al Sharpen or Al Sharp? Definitely Olympic first for sure. His br it Eddie Long was on OSI Christ. No I meant Al Sharp. Al Sharp because Al Sharp was big as hell bro. Al Sharp taking selfies look like Cat Wheels brother look like two different people bro.


Wanna lose weight just snitch. That niggas skinny as hell now. Hey did y'all watch the the OV interview with Ken Williams? Yeah. Yeah. Funny bro. He just did one with he out of pocket though. He said nigga with did he yo, with Antonio Brown. Oh yeah, that's crazy. He lost me with that one. See he wasn't, when I saw that episode I sat, he was always on. He was always on the border. Yeah he said that's why we laughed like All right nigga. Yeah he said he about to slip up so he went on ahead and said it. Yeah, he said that. He was like nah I can't say that no more. Antonio Brown kept saying say it. You can say it taking the advice from Antonio Brown's a choice. Yeah, nah he's done.


I ain't know he said that. Yeah, it's black his shoot up, he can't get away with that. And I used to fuck with Theo shit. That man him Andrus sit down this fucking hilarious. Hey Charu man did Drusky auditions bro. Did you see Drusky in that commercial today though with dreads? I was like what is he doing? He weed birds him. I'm like what the fuck? Get too much money bro. Start doing shit. He on the other side bro. You see got because I understood like why is he wearing jerseys backwards let nigga you not little young wearing them jerseys back and it's crazy. Y'all gotta watch the Nigerian tryouts though.


That shit is top tier bro. The Nigerian Hornets, he done really made a run bro. With this fucking coulda been shit. Hey man I love it man. Shout out to everybody making the way. I already got some shit called Coulda been coulda been love or some shit. Yeah bro. It's on the way. Yeah like Flavor Love. Hey dude were crazy. Them shows is fire. If you go back and watch Eio Flavor, love Real Chance of Love. Them shows are fire as hell bro. Who was the baddest girl to come on for any of them shows like Ray J. Real Chance of Love. Damn Flavor of Love. Who is the baddest hoops? I was gonna say Hoops was the baddest dangerous Smash Dollar.


Delicious. Delicious. I Denver going hoops. Who's fine? Delicious Just was was strapped and she was thanked bro or there. Respect. She was thanked. Hoops was, hoops was fine. Did y'all see Kodak Black eating a chicken in the street? Somebody needs to get help for Kodak bro. He another motherfucker. That's probably done. Kodak done. Yeah. Kodak needed to sit down bro. He too. That sucks to see bro. He too legendary bro. He need to sit down and get some help for real music too. Fire bro. He can't, he can't let the drugs defeat him bro.


He thought the park was fake but he still Hey Yeah bro. He, he hasn't stopped. Fuck yeah Said about that girl thought that smell was fake. Still put her on the plate. Dig. Fuck it. I ain't say that Ye he said oh man that's terrible. Who else messed up? Damn I ain't know Yak was doing all that. Yeah Ola. Ola and LeBron ain't been on the news. Y'all thank the Lord My cousin faking. He told you, I told you I was fluff. Who? He was just joking like he straight, he was doing that for the paper. I was waiting for that. Him and Jaguar interview. Yeah he ran up about 50 chilling.


Shit probably more than that. Probably about one 50. He ran it up. Yeah. I don't think we need any Y'all in no raw updates anytime soon get I see take time bro. Y'all know I I nevermind. I shouldn't be shy none that but what I was watching what's it called? Dazing? Yeah they probably called the Dazing project. Yeah. Yeah. I said why Charleston White call you be Ham? Him call you be him it. Oh he did he still call you be him nigga I'm about to start calling you that because that shit fucked. He done said it again. Yeah be Ham. What'd he say about me this song? He just was saying they was just asking him about the show. Oh okay. They doing us or whatever.


I just the one I like, they just was ready to see what me and beat him was going to do. Man I still like be Ham. That's what I'm calling y'all niggas called me Jet Nigga you be the fuck Ham. Yeah be ham. Fuck it nigga. Call me Jet You be Ham. Shout out to Chuck man. I appreciate the Pro Bowl. We having my d slapping man. Shout to the cupcakes. Cupcake to cameras. Yeah. Shout out to what that nigga say about Barbie. She Said she's awfully she Hey I know. Tell the girl you awfully shapely is crazy.


Have y'all seen who Montoya is? Who? Cook Montoya. Hey Bato cooking with Kai. What she do now? Yeah I the, she said she got the remixed up top. Oh she got some new joints? Yeah. Said they said she, she's flying pressure cooking with get well soon. Jello, jello So you can finish bro. But Jello get well soon to you do. Oh they got like going on man. Jello the rapper. Yeah fuck got Jello the rappers that's tight wear. He got a new shorty pregnant. Said he wanted to start a new life with her and cut off Old girl. Yeah with and they just had a baby. Yeah, we'll leave that alone. Give us on everybody involved man. Oh he left Joint for a new joint.


That's song went up nigga. He said I wanna do like Bitch Baby please shake that ass with me. Swerve. Hey I hit the club Sw what's the song called? Got a big what Shit called? Ooh what? I don't even remember that goddamn song. It's off with. Whoa I hit the Swerve. Whoa Swerve. I don't remember that. God shit. You hit the corner bro. What's it called? You hit the corner. They swerve. I hit the corner and I swerve, I hit the swerve but the, I hit the Swer. I don't remember that shit. What's the girl you talking about though? Dj? Who's? Oh Montoya bro.


She was on a reality show and basically, you know what I'm saying, one of 'em shows is like you go there with your partner and they know sometimes people go on dates with other people, whatever. She got a crack of one of the dudes on the show. Yeah. So some of these new reality shows they have like you go in there with your partner trying and working out y'all date other people on the show. Oh that's a setup. That's like nigga what's that? Jamie Fox? Remember they used to do that? They used to go on the dating show. Oh you talking about the on there, the game was on there. Change your heart Change, change your heart. Yeah that's, this is what it's so this is a little bit different because they go on dates and stuff but like basically shorty and this dude they get a cracking in the pool. Right. But everybody else is like off site and they can see what's going on because they got the cameras and stuff out there.


So basically nigga started getting crack with his girl. So this nigga, he sees this as live action and like Jets off to like stop it for happening and that shit went right was fucked. Oh so he went to go fight that nigga? Nah, he tried to break this shit up. Ah, trying to. Ah man. So he's seen his girl getting hooped on it. He tried to break it up. Yes sir. Look bro, if you can start to see be picture bro. Try shake the bed bro. No soaking. I mean I what? What would y'all do though bro? Just look at how he's looking. I'm gonna walk away now look at this. Please make sure this is playing for YouTube so they be mad that we on show shout to licensing. Well We didn't get monetized last week.


We're gonna talk about it later because of this. Oh damn that turn this shit off. They, sorry YouTube. It's Not right now. We Just lost it was a, it was a soft, he seen this shit live bro. This shit is funny as hell. He bother crack his joint. He yelling at He in there? Yeah. What's up That close? That motherfucker pickle is inserted. So you that so far from where they at? That boy running down Laguna Beach. Did he bucket it in the room? Uhuh they stop. He running too slow. He yelling.


Oh he cracking. He was, Well he was pumping like that's why I say nigga was pumping. That's how German Shepherd used the fucking my hood. Hell nah. He knew he was on the white. He was like oh they probably over the bike. He's coming there. So You, if you watch the clip like you gonna hear it's Yelling. Well Vanessa ass is crazy. He's yelling and they act like, or they, I dunno if they act or not. Like she can hear him screaming outside the house. That shit fake. Yeah that shows be fake though. That shit's just funny. Still get off my girl like that bro is crazy crazy though.


But I'm still, I'm still player. I'm player than that. Yeah I'm like a word because if you got me on camera bro, catch me in my good rhythm bro. Get this covers off of me bro. Bitch grab that headboard you. I'm not about to be hitting you like no motherfucker puppy bitch get this motherfucking strokey stroke but I'm so clear. You just gotta chalk that. That's a loss no nigga took off full straw like Captain American. Nah you just got chalk that up. That's a L bro. Ain't his girl. That ain't, that ain't your girl. If my girl letting a nigga pump her like that bitch you could have her bitch shit ain't your girl no more. It's over with. Yeah, that's not your decision.


You gotta, you gotta, you gotta look and be like okay you supposed to turn the TV off. Y'all have walked away though. Where his girl at this time go crazy fucked up. Part is when they come back to the reunion show they be showing the highlights and shit. So they be is that dude girl on here too though? I dunno. Or they gotta all in Spanish? Yeah. Oh. I was like I didn't know if that like his, the other dude girl was on the show too. You said you trying to get your get back. Oh it's up like it's the other dude girl here. I don't wear straight to the like we need to talk. Damn you can't be that aggressive. What you mean? No, no we need to talk because they're fucking over there. Oh So you gonna tell them fucking nigga that's crazy.


They're fucking do you wanna fuck. So you say you snitching? Nah I hate nigga but shit, that's snitching bro. You telling? Yeah she gonna see it anyway. Well let her see that. I don't need you jealous. Fuck most of us don't have to lose. I hate nigga like that. I guess I'm hating. They do ain ruin this shit but I'm about to get your shit. What's up? I be so bad so Right when they play our shit, they play your shit. They got cut fucking boom. I'm be like wait till this remix pop up right on my mind. I'm say because I see, I see what y'all was doing. Wait till you see this shit. Nah. Oh man it's up.


I'm all in a bitch down bitch I'm going in full Jordan flu game on the bitch. Ain't no way this how you let that nigga fuck on you. He catch his stroke. Bitch I ain't even talking to her Afterward I was screw you around on this motherfucker. Yeah crazy. The crazy part is they just kept zooming on him as he was watching the real time and niggas just looking at him. That's not fair bro. Man that's so fake for y'all showing me my bitch getting hit bro. I'm punching all y'all though. I mean that's your fake. Yeah that's a real reason for somebody to crash. I know you use that this term loose these days but that's a real reason to lose your shit bro. The only one only show I ever watched like that was the one where they like be dating blindly. I was like blind Love, love is blind.


Yeah and they be like talking through the walls and shit man I'm that bitch lying. I'm nothing on doing that. You be talking to a girl the whole time and she nevermind. I look like Megan Good. They was a hard ass about that. He said bitch somebody like Megan Fox. Yeah Megan Fox. My Fox. Yeah I seen that one bro. She was a nevermind. Y'all could never only show I watched she was burly as hell. If y'all play 2K, y'all play 2K. Y'all know what the burly build is motherfucker. I was only shows like that the closest I watched. So that's so that's Fraud was probably Real World and Real Rules where men and women interacted like that. I never got into world dating. Real World was crazy. Dating shows. Yeah look at her. This is she said she like making fuck. Yeah so she looked like a Dale.


Motherfucker like Ms. Scott But you see look like Megan. Fuck wow. Shit. Nigga said she looked like Ade the nigga that when he heard he said they say you look like Megan for the nigga. He lost his mom. I came up, he was like y I'm picking her. When she walked out of that nigga said man wait till this show over. I am leaving the fuck outta you. And he was psyched 'cause he was trying to swap Niggas was like nah mm nah I couldn't do no shit like that bro. I character wanna do a reality show. Hell no I couldn't. I wouldn't not no love is blonde. 'cause the moment that mother motherfucker walked out they'd be like yeah I look like Nicki Minaj mixed with Cassie.


I who's Catfish. I'd be like damn you far that bitch walk out looking like who shot Ja you know me. I was like man y'all playing with my face bro. Like what the fuck? Depend on the money though. The money good. I could play, I could probably play around. I can play. I'll be because I'll make it funny. Y'all know I'll play around too much. I be, that's what I'm saying, I think they'll like that. Just be yourself that'll make the show. Nah 'cause you gotta go on dates with 'em and shit after you see 'em on that show it was like you gotta get married or some shit. Yeah I've been like no It stay on you like Proposal. Yeah I've been like nah we off this. That shit fake one season bro. Y'all I'm not proposal. Yeah I've been like nah, crazy. It is dead short. It's fake though. You could do that shorty. I'll be like shortie now you know Sierra following up like some niggas stay married.


Damn. They be married for like years. Well niggas ain players for real. But I'm just saying I think he go that shot looking for love or some shit like that. Yeah, I'm about one nigga. He left a girl at the altar or some shit. A black nigga. It's always us. You know it's crazy leaving the girl as an altar then going on a day show for a new girl is crazy. Yeah, he was like on podcasts and shit after he did it. You gotta keep the rug on bro. Sell bch. Oh Jesse, remember the the dude they said went viral? Yeah, on the pop. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. He, He on reality show too. Oh. He Fighting on bus and shit. I knew somebody that was on a reality show.


I can't think of who it's, I know somebody was on one too. Somebody from here. Everybody, everybody know keeps popping on Pop Bo. Challenges else have to stop at some point. Wow. It's all getting worse. It's still funny bro. That shit hilarious bro. It's only getting worse. Somebody like a Ninja Turtle though. I ain't seen them. Who the fuck am I thinking about? This is gonna bother me now. You ever seen a Jerry Spring episode? Where? What's the comedian's name? Corey Holcomb and the other 1D Ray, they was on there. Oh Lord. Nah they on Jerry Spring bro. It's funny as fuck.


I was sick when I found out Mario and that shit was fake. Yeah it is fake but oh yeah. I'm saying though that was that crush. But the show, the show say that it ain't fake. They did the little behind. They said they only wanted the real shit. Yeah. That's why they used to let 'em fight and shit because it was real. And then somebody got killed. The family Y ain't seen the Jerry Finger documentary on Netflix was like after the show dude went home and killed the both the wife and the girlfriend like from the show. Wow, that's serious. Yeah. Yeah. The Jersey Rock crazy nigga like is that the dude? Lemme see this nigga Turtle nigga. What about him?


That's the dude that on Pop, but he on a new, I didn't know if y'all seen It. That nigga is strong on motherfucker. They bro, leave that nigga alone. I know what you're talking about. Like I ain't got spin off. See that's what that's, that's the new way bro. Trying it Off it like it something like Zeus it Look funny. Oh, it's on Zeus. I seen Erica Minna got a show on Zeus where she dating dudes and girls. I ain't tapped into it but yeah, I ain't bad. Zeus is a very wild network because Joshua Hernandez cabaret bro should not be on the season this song bro. Them girls on Badies just fight. It's crazy bro. No shout to Zeus. So they get that money. Shout out to them. We might be here next time. We might not. If so, we'll see you. Appreciate y'all The Volume dear.


Yes, my love. Will you share the most precious thing in the world with me and be My bowl mate? Are you asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes, a million times. Yes. I will. Always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in the Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online only on two 14. Join Qdoba Rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations. Qdoba Rewards members only log into account or scan QR code at checkout. One offer per member cannot combine with other discounts or offers. Delivery and taxes. Extra other restrictions may apply.


This Valentine's Day celebrate every love story with Pandora. Whether it's romantic, platonic, familial, or a gesture of self-love. Pandora's Versatile Designs let you express your unique connections in meaningful ways. Each piece tells a story of love or friendship that transcends materialism. Turning every gift into a heartfelt message that connects hearts from best friends to significant others. Pandora helps you honor the bonds that make life richer and more meaningful. Make the feeling last from first sight to forever. On Valentine's Day and every day, be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today in store or online@pandora.net.


When it comes to playtime. Never let your squad down. Unlock Elite gaming tech at Lenovo dot com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to Lenovo dot com. Lenovo Lenovo.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know to check you have the tickets in your wallet first before you drive two hours to the big game. Seriously, you had one job. Now the closest you'll get to the 50 yard line as parking lot D. Yeah. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You are in good hands with Allstate savings. Vary terms. Apply Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.