
It's the most wonderful time of the year for getting in on all the hoops football and hockey action. At Draftking Sports Book. Download the Draftking Sports book app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks. Happy Holidays from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction. Floyd in Ontario bet must win to receive reward Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, c dk nng.co/b


Ball Outta Y'all this weekend, get an all access pass to Apple TV plus no Time like the present. Forbes is calling Apple TV plus the best streaming service out there right now with critically acclaimed hit series and films like Severance, shrinking Wolves, Ted Lasso Silo, and the Morning show. We Are not finished. We're on a hot Streak, but don't just take their word for it. See for yourself it looks fabulous. I can't wait to see it. Stream Apple TV plus for free January 4th through January 5th. Applelight de required,


You know, you've gotta comeback in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global, Purdue online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


You had a few people on your screen that said, you know, when you do these things, you, you, you know, you look, huh? Yeah, you look, you smell it. Smell what? Body. Odor. Body. Yeah. I smell. That's what Druski said. So you, you, oh My God. Druski is a You washing ass. Yeah. Alright. You know you have to have two rags. One for your face and one for your butt. You using the same rag? Hell no I'm not. Yeah, you. No I'm not. No, no, no. My life been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Won a slice. Got the roll of dice. The all my life.


I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Won a slice. Got the bro dice. The why all my life. Hello. Welcome to another episode of Club Sheha. I am your host Shannon Sharpe. I'm also the proprie of Club Sheha stocking by for conversation on a drink. Today is one of the most influential con content creators on the planet. One of the biggest stars online. He's the most subscribed to Twitch streamer in history. He has the highest North American concurrent viewers on Twitch. The stream featured Kevin Hart Druski and LeBron James in 2024. He got more watch time than the next two top streamers combined on Twitch.


Mr. Beast calls him the Twitch goat. Two time streamer of the year award winner. He's the first streamer ever to partner with the brand. Nike, a retired pro basketball player, a dominant force in the online entertainment landscape. He's a cultural influencer, a social media superstar, renowned rapper, global gamer, successful actor, internet sensation, talented entertainer, powerhouse philanthropist. A larger than life's personality. And he's a key member of the winning NBA celebrity all-star game. National treasure. A viral sensation. Here he is. Castane. Yo, That was a crazy intro. That Was crazy. But I think the thing that you most proud of, bro, you you gave us quality minutes.


Yeah, you gave us quality minutes. Yeah. Come On, come on. I was a hundred percent from the field. Yeah, you were. I Coulda got more minutes bro. You got, you gave us what? You gave us eight, 10 points. Nah, I give you a four. You gave Nah, but you have some quality assist key rebounds. Play some outstanding beat. So Why didn't you play me? I played you. Okay. We started the game with what I starters, right. Then you come in, you close the quarter. Okay. But it was your group that got us back into the game. But you, You not see my highlights. Well, I have, yes. My highlights is better than everybody on that was on that whole court. Yeah. Yeah. You have some good highlights. So now I feel very, I feel very comfortable when you come back. Thank you. Giving you more quality to give you, that's All, that's all.


Give you 16 minutes. Okay. I like that right there. I I'll take that. I'll take 16 minutes. 16 is good. 16 is good, Bro. How you doing man? I'm doing great, man. Guy, you you wanna toast? You too. I do water 'cause like Okay. I drove here so I Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, you do. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. We, we can toast up some water. Congrats bro. Bro, I've been doing, I didn't drive though, Kyle. How you been man? I've Been good. I've been good. You know, life has been great. Life is great. Just, Just, just, just taking it in. Just, just enjoying it as I go on and just, you know, just living life. You grew up in the Bronx, New York. What do you remember most about growing up in the Bronx? Growing Up in the Bronx, I remember, oh my God, Was it fun times?


It was, it was fun. It was also like that, like down in terms of like, have, like my family being able to do certain things and like, and I just, it just, I just have like a lot of childhood friends that I'm still friends today. I still can remember, but like in the Bronx, I, I feel like it was the perfect place for me to grow up at though. Okay. When I look at it, all the famous people, Cardi B, fat Joe, J-Lo, Mary, JKRS, one, ice Spice, Swizz b French, Montana, big pun, Remy Ma Biggie with the hoodie. Slick Rick did. Were you familiar with all those people when you were growing up in the Bronx? Yes. Yes, yes, Yes. To this day I bump a Boogie, a Boogie's, like my favorite. He's my favorite artist.


Still is. You feel what I'm saying? From the Bronx. And just that when I was growing up in the Bronx, like New York music is different 'cause like New Yorkers can really relate to it. Correct. You know what I'm saying? And like, they'll say things in certain songs that's just, that's just New York related that only New Yorkers can take in and and get it. And it's just a more lit up temporal vibe. For sure. Knowing all those people were from the very community that you were growing up in, was that motivation to you to say like, you know what, look at what they're doing, look at what they became. I can do that. Yeah. Maybe not so much in the music industry, but I can choose a profession and I can be just as famous as those. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That it was, it was, it was definitely, it, it just looked so good in terms of like them representing the city. You feel what I'm saying? Like, and being a voice for the city.


You know, like pops not the pops most from Brooklyn, but like New York, we look at New York as one unit, like the city itself. Right. Like, anybody who come outta there is just like, it's fire and it's tough. It's really tough to make outta New York because everybody would think it's like, like you can I can I, can I curse? Yeah. Oh, it's like Dick Rod or somebody. Right. Or like, you feel me? Or like, or like, not you gotta like, someone support to somebody out of New York is like, yeah. They call it meat riding now. Yeah. You glazing or something. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? You meat riding. So it's like, nah. Like, so when they do go crazy, it's, it's fire. Somehow. You leave the Bronx and you end up in Georgia, but you end up in a homeless shelter. How did you end up in Georgia and how did you end up in Homeless? Yeah, so when I was, when I was younger, like this is way younger.


My mom, she had four, she had four kids. My little brother, my little brother, dad was very in, in his life. So like, he had like both parents, but the three of us, we only had my, my mom and my mom was like struggling on her own and stuff. It was a lot of tough times. And we had to be in a shelter for quite some time. I mean, Georgia coming from New York, that was like, it was like, it was like weird. But like, you feel me, we was there. I remember, I remember like bits and parts. She has like the shelter sheets that she's, she still has it at her house. She's like, remember like certain things and, and all that. But it was definitely weird. When you were in there, what was what? I mean, did you think anything like, man, we left Brooklyn. I left all, I mean, excuse me, you left the Bronx.


I got all my friends there and we come to Georgia and we in a, we in a homeless shelter. Nah, I didn't, I didn't even know. You Didn't really know what Yeah, At the time, I didn't even know we was in Georgia. Okay. Like we must have hopped on like a bus or something. Correct. But like at the time I didn't know we was in Georgia and I didn't, I was just going with the flow, you feel what I'm saying? Like where my, wherever my mom went, I was just going. Right. But my, it was me, my twin sister and my older brother. And whenever, whenever she went we just, we just went. Seeing that you become so successful, Kai and there are a lot of people that YA lot of young people that's going through things right now, and some might be in a shelter. What kind of advice would you like to give those people that says, no matter how tough the situation may be, sunshine follows, Right? Oh yeah. No, yeah. No cap. This is like my mom.


I would say like keep family close and, and never forget like the small things in your life that happened. 'cause my mom is literally like a superhero with times where I don't know if she ha like, I don't even know how she was able to make sure that we was able to like, get through some nights and get through days. Because I know it was definitely hard. I would definitely say keep your head up, keep God close. Because a lot of things in the world is definitely a lot of things that goes on in life happens for a reason. You feel what I'm saying? And it only builds character in the storyline. So like, whenever, whenever people is struggling, it's never, it is never too late. You mentioned that it's four of you guys. You have a twin sister, you have two younger brothers, right?


Older Brother and a younger Brother. Oh, older brother and a younger brother. Yeah. How tough was that on your mom to try to raise four young kids? Obviously you say your youngest brother or his dad was in his life. Yeah. But how difficult was that on your mom knowing that you see her go to work and she's struggling? Yeah. Trying to make ends meets to make sure you guys have the best of what she can afford. Yeah. It was very, it was very difficult, you know, like my mom, she, she just never gave up on us. Like, you feel what I'm saying? Anything could have happened. She coulda, she coulda even quit on us saying like, you know, things could always be worse. But my mom, it was definitely hard. Like there was some, like, we had to like, it was so much time where she had to find food or like, not only like, so like, she always like, make make sure we cooked and stuff, but like, even like us even simply just wanting like McDonald's or something like, and she couldn't get it, you feel me?


Or like us wanting certain clothes. She couldn't get it, you feel me? And we just had to live with that. And it was definitely hard. You feel me? So like she was by herself and I don't know how she do I think it to this day. Do you have a relationship with your father? I do. I do. I was just with him actually. I was just with him yesterday, the first, the first Christmas I ever had with my, my Pops. Wow. Yeah. So What was that like? It was fine. It was good because like, I have my whole family there and like, I, I understand when I was younger I didn't under, when I was younger, I used to be so hard on my pops. I didn't like want to like talk to him or anything like that. My sister was very close with him. But as I got older, it's like I'm mature and I realized like, damn.


Like even though there's like no excuse for for, for a man him not to be there. Yeah. For a man not to be there. It's just more of a, like, I, I've grown older to accept the fact and forgive. Like, I don't know what was going on in time in his life. I don't know what was going on. I don't how stressed he was. I don't know how anything was. So when I did spend the Christmas with him, he was very happy. And like now I'm able to provide for my family, you feel me? And he has kids. He has kids with somebody else. And the, his little kids remind me of like me and my brothers when we was growing up. So I just wanna be able to be able to help my pops out so that he can give hi His kids.


Give those kids what he could give you. Yeah. Yeah. What I, what I, what I wanted. You feel me? So it's just an amazing feeling. I was just with one of his son, his, his son yesterday. And I met him for the first time and he, and he loves all my stuff. So it was like that, like I got to see, I gotta see him and I just want, I just want the best for my, my pops right now. So that he can give them the life, you know, that I, that I always wanted. Did your stepbrothers know that your dad, that their father and, and was your dad also, did they know that before? Yeah. So they, they knew they at first, like he, he called me and then after they, it was one day I met them on FaceTime. Okay. But he always breaking to his friends, yo. Yeah. Yo Kai, yo Kai's, my stepbrother Kai's my stepbrother Kai, like Kai's, my brother Kai is my brother.


And nobody believed him. And then like what, he always calls me and like he reminds, he, his name is Benedict. He reminds me of like me when I was younger. Like for real, for real. So like, it was, it just so far, like he was a, he's a big supporter of mine and when he found that out, he was going crazy. Right? Yeah. I've talked to people that a parent was not in their life when they were younger. And when they finally get an opportunity to talk to that parent, they're like, look, I'm not trying to go back and get the time that was lost. Right. I'm trying to start right here. Right. And move forward. Right. Is that how you feel? Right. Yeah. I'm not gonna lie. Yeah. I, that's how I feel. 'cause like it's like, it's nothing. It is nothing I can do to get that time back.


You Can't get back to what's lost. Yeah. It's already ha it's already happened and it's like why, why like, grieve on it when you could build a connection right now. You feel what I'm saying? Like as he's, he's as we're getting older and stuff and like I could just tell that like now it just, it's, it is on some where I could like build a genuine connection. I could text him, I could call him. And plus what I respect so much about him is like, even when I did take off with a lot of my success, like he never, he never played a, a role in like asking me for anything or like a role of like trying to be sneaky and like try to like being like, Hey, never put like, hey, I'm your dad card. Like none, none of that. So it, I I have gotten to that point where I have matured. And if it's a good feeling too.


Yes. It's like when you get over something, it's like, and you can move forward with it. It's just a wonderful feeling. So You've, you've forgiven your father for not being there because you know, Kai, I tell people all the time, forgiveness is not for your father, it's for you because you have to let that burden go. Right. And you, since you've been able to do that, what, what a relief has that, what kind of relief has that given you? It, it gave me a great relief. Like, it's like, it's, it's so crazy. 'cause yesterday when I was spending time with him, it was like, it was like, damn, like we, I'm actually like joking with my pops. Like, I'm actually like laughing and joking around and he may not know like too much of what I like or what I'm into personally, but he's able to learn now. You feel what I'm saying? And like, we're able to have that connection.


But it feels amazing though. 'cause like I've always seen other, when I was growing up, I used to see kids with both parents. Like, you know, when somebody has a good dad next to them and they, they learn certain things and stuff. I I was raised with my mom, so it was like, you feel me? It was like, it's so different. It's a good feeling. My step pops were there for me a lot though. Right. Yeah. So was that, was that your first Christmas that you could remember with your dad? Yes. First Christmas and my birthday December 16th. So like, it was the first like happy birthday I done got. Okay. I can visually remember. Okay. 1% though, first Christmas, like wow. Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah. Can, what kind of student were you in school? How was school? How were you in school? Oh, man. Class clown. Oh my gosh.


I used to mess around all the time. I probably go to section, like elementary school, terrible. Like I was a bad kid. Okay. Used to get calls home every time. Middle school. I, I think like sixth grade bad, seventh grade bad. And in eighth grade, I, I got my stuff together. Like I got, I, I started to like realize like, okay, I missed school a hundred percent my mom. And then after high school, ninth grade was okay, 10th grade, terrible. Like, I did not care about no work. I didn't wanna do no work. I wasn't locked in, I wasn't focused. And in 11th grade it was okay. 12th grade I rounded up really good. Got together, you feel me? But I was, I was, I always just like joking around though. So did you spend, I mean, how much time did you spend in, in, in New York and how much time did you spend in Georgia or with the majority of your school life in New York and then no Maj.


Yeah, so from, from from one of the New York. So start to finish, I probably like left. I moved to Georgia when I was 19. Okay. 19 or 18. Okay. So all your, so all your school was in New York? Yeah, all in New York. Everything was New York. Okay. Everything. Yeah. So I just, I just moved to Georgia probably like, it's been like, since I've been living in Jordan, probably like a co like four going on four years. Four years going on four. Four. Okay. Yeah. Were you popular with the girls in school? Nah. Like I wasn't, I wasn't, I was like, I was cool like on a friend level, but like, I was like scared to talk to like anybody and stuff. Like, were you good in Sports? Hell no, this gets crazy. This is what it gets crazy because I wasn't good academically.


Okay. Right. I wasn't good in sports. Like, I tried out for the basketball team one time. They kept, they called it like 10 travels that game. Like it was bad. Like I was just never an athletic tie. A type I wasn't good at like, no, like robotics. I wasn't good at a lot of stuff, but I really love like, being in front of the camera. Okay. And like, and like watching like YouTube Okay. And, and, and playing like games. Right. So it would be games in front of the camera and YouTube. Oh, that was me. So like I wasn't going, I went into sports and I actually hated, I hated athletes in my high school because like, damn, like why am I not athletic? Like everybody, they got All the girls. Did they be popular Bro? Everybody got varsity, cool varsity jackets. Yeah.


They got the lacrosse sticks. They got the, they got the, they got the, they coming in with the the football helmets. Yeah. Baseball bats. Yeah. Running track. Like, I'm like, damn. So like in middle school, I was like the water boy for like my basketball team because I wanted to be involved in something. But I, but like they just say, Hey, just cut. Just cut. Well catch. You weren't good in school. You didn't play sport well damn. You just in daycare. You just, you you just going to watch. I, I was literally, you feel what I'm saying? Like, nobody, my mom never got like forced me into, she never forced me into sports. Did your Dad play sports? Did your mom play sports? Did anybody, your My dad is not athletic. Like, I literally got his jeans handed down. Like my mom, I think she, the most she did was like volleyball. Okay. But like, it was like barely right.


Like she always liked, she was big on like cameras, like taking pictures and stuff.


Td TDY taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure. Touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em, we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player To score touchdown, go to draft King sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draftking sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon For new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


You Go to college Right? And you drop out. Yeah. Year and a half there. Okay. Went from business administration college was a, a low key game changer because I dropped out in 2020 when Covid had hit. Okay. So boom. So like for a year straight. I had told myself before I got to college, I said I remember September 5th, September 5th, 2019, I went to Morrisville State College. Okay. I said every two days I'm a, I'm a upload a YouTube video and every day I'm up upload three skits because I started doing, I did skits first. Right. And I went to YouTube. When I went to college, I was trying to balance them out. I would literally, like, I, I would literally like edit on my laptop.


I learned how to edit. I edit on my laptop, all the videos. And like by when I, when I was like one minute until I had to start class, I would run across the campus, get to my class, enjoy it. I didn't really like the learning part of it. Right. But then Covid hit, they had made an announcement like, everybody gotta go. And I was like, what? And then after I went home, You seem very pleased about that, that they shut coffee down. Coffee covid. Yeah. But, but, but, but I was recording in like college with my content. Right. So like, I was doing a whole bunch of stuff. I seen my, all my friends, I was recording the videos and they just had to go. So like, now I'm like, aw damn, like what am I gonna do? But I had dropped out, but I told my they didn't want me to do online work. But I told my mom, I said, I ain't gonna lie, I can't do online work. So like, if I might not wanna go back.


And she was like, Hey, if you could do what you kill, killing you doing and just show that you getting money or like some type of proof of something going on. Right. I'm, I'm good with it. Yeah. She's good with it. So she was never strict, she was always supported. Right? Yeah. Was college al you know, I'm, I'm listening to you talking. You say you weren't that, you know, you wanted to be a class clown. You weren't very good in athletics. Did you go to college because that's what your mom wanted to do? Or did you go to college because that's what you wanted to do? No, I wanted to go to college. Okay. You wanted to go college? Yeah, I Wanted, 'cause in, in New York, everybody So in New York is so different. 'cause like we, we don't have no, like other people. Like we don't, we can't drive a car. Right. We taking trains, we taking buses. Yes. We in like buildings with our, we living with our families.


It's kind of hard to get like live on your own so early and stuff like that. So the thought of like going upstate and going away to college and your own space. Right. I shared a room with my little brother for like 18, like 18, 17 years. Right. The whole time. Me and my little brother, we had a share a room, twin beds. So the first time going to college, I was like, oh yeah, I'm out. Like I gotta, I gotta go see what this is about. And it was, it was fire though. And show you a little bit of how you living on your own. Right. So, yeah. You mentioned that when Covid hit you were always doing videos even before Covid hit. Is that when Covid hit and you're doing your videos, is that made you realize that, you know what, what I'm doing in college is really not what I really, really wanna do.


I got another passion that I don't know if I can, I can complete if I'm going to school, spending my time on this. Because what I tell people, Kai, and you could have tested this as a content creator, that's all you do. Yeah. You don't do anything True. You ain't got another job. Yeah. Content creating is your job. Yeah. So like, I, so when I, when I did drop out, when I knew, I automatically knew I didn't wanna go back. Okay. Like, it was crazy. Like I, I, I had got, I automatically knew I didn't wanna go back. And I was also like trying to already just brainstorming different videos. Okay. And it, I was restricted so my mom didn't let me like record in the house. Okay. But with my friends and stuff, it was covid. So, and then we wanna do, we had to do outside in the car. Right. So I started doing these car videos and just stacking from there like so, and just like, just pushing out as much stuff.


'cause everybody was at home chilling and just, and just, just waiting. You make you, you said you were doing like prank videos, right? You wanted to be a comedian. Did you want to be a comedian? I mean, what did No, I wanted to, I wanted do, I wanted to, I did skits at first. Right. So I wanted to do funny skits or something in Atlanta of acting. Okay. I always don't want to do that. Right. Yeah. Kind. But them pranks man, man, people take y'all, they was taking these pranks too far. Now somebody gonna get hurt. No. Yeah. I had stopped because Yeah, I stopped. I didn't prank. I didn't prank. I, there was one point in time I did like wired up, like probably like 20, 21. I was going around doing these wired up pranks, but mines was never too extreme. Right. But the only, the, the only extreme prank that I did was I, I did like something where I, I took money from a tip jar and then paid them like a crazy, another crazy amount or like, just paid them a crazy amount as a prank.


But people, people dumbed down on me on that and I was like, oh yeah. Like that is extreme right. You feel me? At the time I didn't see, I was like, damn, I'm giving them money though. Why is it extreme? But I, I, I ultimately got to realize like, that was kind of crazy. Right. You feel me? So I just understood that that was me. I ain't wanna do no more pranks unless it was like all my friends and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. I, you Feel me? Pranking friends is one thing. Pranking a stranger. Stranger is crazy because everybody don't play like you play. True. Yeah. Did your mom give you a time limit in which she said, okay, Kai, this needs to work by X or you gonna have to, you know, go back to school? Never, never. She always supported me. She always was there behind me. She still is. She always makes sure that I, she, she, she, she's better positive light on me when it came to the videos and stuff.


Kyle, when did you find your voice? When did you find out says, you know what, this is it, this is what I'm good at. Yeah. When I was, I probably say, was it freshman year? I think like freshman year or sophomore year I had posted a skit and on Facebook when you get like a thousand likes at the time it was crazy. Yeah. So I knew like it was you crazy something. But in locally, my skits were like, if, and this is for people that know that lived in the Bronx locally, my skits like, started like, picked up a lot of attention and I was like, okay, hold on, I can actually do something. But the skits wasn't putting out a lifestyle for me in terms of like, like what I wanted to really, really do.


And then on, from the skits and I went to YouTube, I started doing YouTube. And in college I, I decided to do Dingdong Ditch in college in like the hallways and stuff. I did one, I I posted it the next day I woke up to like 25,000 views, which is crazy, crazy. So I'm like, what the hell? So I fell asleep, woke up the next day it was at like a hundred thousand. Then I just spammed that and every time I dropped a new one, it, it finally started to hit like a million. A million. It was like hitting a million views. And I had like, flight was the first person flight reacts as a YouTuber. He was the first person to react to my, to my d don ditch thing while I was in college. So like, I knew for a fact like this was gonna be fire.


But I understood that, that at that point in time, that trend I was doing, it was only a trend. And my subscribers and fan base was only building off trends. 'cause I, I was posting a vlog and it would just do normal like, regular numbers. And then when I post that, they were like that. So like, I knew, but I knew like it's definitely something here if I do it correctly. Right. For sure.


It's the most wonderful time of the year for getting in on all the hoops. Football and hockey action at Draft King Sports book. In the season of giving, we're being gifted college football, basketball, pro football and basketball pro hockey too. Almost 24 7. So many games every day. So many opportunities to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to Draftking sports book app and place your bet. And here's a gift for all new customers. Bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Download the DraftKings sports book app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks. Happy holidays from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. That must win to receive reward Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk nng.co/b ball.


How y'all this weekend get an all access pass to Apple TV plus no Time like the present Forbes is calling Apple TV plus the best streaming service out there right now with critically acclaimed hit series and films like Severance, shrinking Wolves, Ted Lasso Silo, and the Morning show. We are not finished. We're on a hot streak. But don't just take their word for it. See for yourself it looks fabulous. I can't wait to see it. Stream Apple TV plus for free. January 4th through January 5th. Aite de required


Now on BET tonight. Ten nine Central BET plus original series Diara from Detroit, from executive producer Kenya Barris and BET Studios comes what Variety calls a PI drama with FLA Flair Meet Diara Bricklin, a public school teacher turned amateur private eye after the disappearance of a very hot date. With the help of her friends and even her ex-husband. Dara's on a mission to find her missing lover. Catch every one of the breezy, juicy episodes as held by the New York Times co-starring John Sally Morris Chestnut and Felicia Rashad. One mystery zero chill. The critically acclaimed hit drama diara from Detroit is now on. BET starts tonight at ten nine central search and post with hashtag diara from Detroit and visit bet.com for more.


And so now you're doing that, like you mentioned, you go from zero followers to thousands of followers. Yeah. And not everybody's, so how do you find your voice? So how do you go says, okay, my vlogs are not doing it this, but this is only a trend. I need to do something that's sustainable and I need to do something that not only is sustainable, that's gonna, that's gonna generate some money and an income. Yeah. Yeah. And it's so crazy 'cause I, I wasn't even like, like the money was cool at the time, but it was, that wasn't my main focus. Okay. It was on some, like, I did the YouTube and I noticed like I was not, how do I explain this? Like, damn, I noticed when I was doing the YouTube, it was cool, but I would see like, I had a good friend.


I had my friend at a and p, my group of a and p and I had a good friend named Phantom and his people really loved him on his u his his his YouTube and stuff like that. And I seen it and I was like, damn. Like he got like a real base, you feel me? Yes. And like it was cool. And I was making, I was making some money. I was making a, a good amount of money on YouTube. But then I started in 2021 was when I started streaming and I had what a pc and it was up from there. You mentioned a MP. Yep. Any means possible. That's the group that kind of discovered like your videos and you kind of joined that. So is this a group? And so I'm, I'm, help me 'cause I'm not really familiar with the gaming space and how this thing worked.


So A MP Yep. They like, they discover you. Did you reach out to them or they reach out to you? Nah, so originally started with, I'm from the Bronx and, and another member named Phantom. Yeah. He's also from the Bronx too. Okay. And I, I'm assuming that he had just seen my stuff so that after we ended up me and had a good, great time and after we, he long story, fast forward a little bit, we had like a good connection and he was just like, he had a, he always had a vision of like, yeah bro, like I feel like you, you definitely got like he see I was like very hungry. Right. And this is, this is before I started streaming. Okay. And he's like this, you see I'm very hungry. He said, look, come to Atlanta. I got these people I want you to meet and just see how it is now.


I already knew a and p before I met them because they was already Okay. So You weren't familiar with that? Yeah, I was already familiar with them, but they was already, they already had their own thing going on. Okay. Like agent, agent Duke Davis, they started on 2K and they already built like a million plus subscribers off that. Okay. Just off 2K playing the video game. Then Chris, he was a great editor. Like Chrisnxtdoor, he was the editor. He wasn't even a, a member yet, but he was the editor of the channel and I, and if it wasn't for him, like a lot of those videos and a lot a and a P would not be what it, what it is. He was like the behind the keyboard and, and and and stuff. Then Phantom, he was, he's from, he's from the Bronx, but he was, he was doing 2K at first, but then he was like, he, he was like, nah, I'm gonna stop doing this.


I wanna do IRL stuff. So he was vlogging and his box was lit. Right. So like he already had a, a good fan. He had a good fan base, he had a good Following. They all came together. It was, it was just four of them. At first it was Duke Phantom agent Chris. Then when I went to go Link, I, I'm, he got Chris out there and me. So then after I went, so we driving in the car and we driving in Atlanta. So you drove from New York to Atlanta? No, we, he, I flew, flew soon my first time finding in a minute too. Okay. So like, I'm hype as hell. When you get on no plane, you hype, you like, damn, I got a great outfit on. I'm just ready to go. So I'm over here in the plane. Okay. Me and Phantom in it. And then after we land and then he, we get the car, we get the rental at the time we get the car.


So when we got in the car, we driving, we driving, I'm in Atlanta for the first time. I'm looking around, I'm like, damn, this is crazy. Like airport big as hell. Then we got to like agent's neighborhood. Right. And then in I'm in this neighborhood, I would never, I always say this guy, I'll never forget it. I'm in the name. I'm looking at that. I'm looking out the window and these houses, big houses. Now look, I ain't never really see big houses In the Bronx. You looking at brown old, You looking at at brick, brick, brick. Yeah. You feel me? So I'm over here like looking out the window. I'm like, yo, these houses are huge. Like I'm talking about like some good, good quality homes. And we pull up in front of this, this house, it was a nice house. And then fandom, but fandom iss moving as if like he don't care. Like he done did this so many times. So I'm like, damn, how you like, so like chill the whole time I'm like getting ready and I already know these people 'cause of their videos, like the, I already watched their 2K videos and stuff.


So he put 'em to the house, he put 'em in the driveway to go to the steps. He knock on the door, agent open it or Agent opens the door and he's like, he just woke up and I'm looking at him, I'm like, nah. And I seen his YouTube plaques and I never seen a YouTube plaque before. And I'm looking at his, I'm like, yo, these is crazy. And then long story short, they took me to a shoot. Phantom took me to a shoot. He just said I was quiet at first. They was filming, they was filming. I was very quiet at first. And then Phantom pulled me aside. He was like, bro, why you so quiet? And I was a little nervous. He was like, be yourself. Right. And I just started being myself. They playing the basketball game and I was the hype. I was the energy. Then they did another video. Everybody had lost and nobody in the punish the, the person with the punishment had to jump into a local mall outside Water Waterfowling.


Yeah. And nobody wanted to do it. Like nobody wanted to do it at all. Even the people that lost, they didn't wanna do it. And I was like, y'all don't wanna jump into a water flon. Like I'll do it. Like, I was one willing to do a whole bunch of crazy stuff. So like I jumped in there and they was like, nah, he's good. After that we wind out and it was like, it was like 3:00 AM and we having good conversations about like life and stuff. And then he was like, and then after Asia came up to me, he was like, yo, how you feel about a and p? And after, at the time I'm like, I had, I went a phantom. I was like, damn, I don't wanna mess up your chemistry. Like, it's so good. Like, y'all have great chemistry on camera when y'all together. So I don't wanna be added to it and I don't wanna mess up enough. And they were like, nah, they took the chance on me.


'cause Duke didn't even like me when he first met me. Right. Like, it's just a random, I imagine a random person being vouched by Phantom or somebody else from the group and I'm being vouched, but like, you don't know this person. Like you not sure. So they took the chance on me and like we became a group. And that's how I'm forever thankful for all of them. Like those, those like family, they're like family to me. Right. Percent. Do you Think you could have become what you become now? Obviously you have, you're extremely talented, you do what you do. But what was some of the benefits that you think of joining the roof? Oh man. It was, it was a, it was good. I I I, it was, it was 'cause we had bought a, a house together. Well, not bought one. We was renting a house together, the first thing. And that's big. I never had my own room. Okay. I never had my own space.


Right. My mom is not here like I could do. I'm on my own. Like I'm we in this lick house together, like a good house. Right. And we just all here grinding. And that was massive for me because I was able to have my own creative creative space. I had my own space. Grew up in Mature a little bit. Also they, it is like, they, they had a huge platform. I had my own like little community. Right. But they had a huge platform and they put me on the stage and I just displayed my talent and that's huge. You feel what I'm saying? Right. Because that support base was very solid. So I, I'm, I be so thankful 'cause like I know, I, I feel like I still would've, I would be where I'm at today, but it just, it would've just took a little longer. Yeah. You feel me? Just sped up the process. Yeah. It just sped up the process.


Yeah, for sure. Do you believe this was the best decision of your Career? 100%. I 100%. Like I've learned so much from them. I've grown to like actually have brothers. I could close my eyes and, and, and I can literally close my eyes and I trust them with anything. I go to them, I talk about them about life. They talk to me about life and I love them so much. Like without, without thumb it's like, like I start just like if they, if I'm not, if they're away from each other for too long, it's like I can feel that we away from too long. Right. Those really, my brothers for sure. How Did they help you understand the business model of social media? Because there's a lot. People just say, okay, I'm just got a camera.


I got a microphone. I'm gonna do with X, Y, and Z. But there's a lot more to it than that Because you trying to, whenever I need that advice, I go to agent. Like, agent has good fin financial advice. But for the most part I have to learn a lot by myself. Okay. Yeah, for sure. You feel comfortable being it by yourself, huh? Yeah. So do you have to sign a contract or the verbal agreement? Or you sign a contract that you with 'em? I mean, how does Nah, it was, it was, it was literally like, it was just, it was just like, there's no, like we are not, it was no contract. It's just like literally us talking about how everything's supposed to go. And we literally agreed on it. Like I was just more, I'm more was in it for like, just like the, the experience and stuff.


But like there's, I, it was, everything was filled. Like we don't even look at like a lot of that stuff. A lot of it was build off, like just strictly friendship. It was no contract. It was nothing sketchy. And that's why I really loved it. 'cause it was like per, it was just perfect. Right? Yeah. And so how was it like, because like you said, you grew up with your family, you're very close to your family. It was your mom and your siblings. Now there's no mom and there are no siblings. These are total strangers. You have your own space. Yeah. Obviously I'm thinking there's probably a lot of going out to eat a lot of people ordering food in because Oh yeah. Ain't Really nobody cooking. Yeah, nobody cooking. We couldn we, we couldn't get, we didn't have no chef at the time.


We was order, so we was DoorDash and Uber Eats Kings. Right. But yeah, that's how it was. Like, literally like, but we, we would, I, I'm waking up and everybody waking up like we all, but we, it's like six people with the same mindset. So we all understand what's going on. Like, hey, what video you uploaded today? Oh, I bet What video you working on today? Oh, I bet. And we have our own group channel. So we're, we're all planning out videos. Now we're together. Right. Instead of having to do online meetings, we're together and we're able to plan out these, these, these videos. So that's, that's what, that's what made it even better. Do You gr did you guys, do you guys prank each other now? Oh, We still do it. It's, it's crazy. We, the whole firework in the, the whole fireworks in the house thing.


Yeah. We were the first people to just light fireworks in the house. It's everywhere. For July we blow up the house crazier and crazier. Duke used to prank me each other. He had like fake pair of sneakers and burned them. Make me think they were real. We prank each other all the time. Like literally You do realize that probably you're not gonna get that, that deposit back. Right. For what? That mansion that y'all done. People, y'all done messed them people house. So you talking about for what? Nah. Yeah. The, the, the the, the first the first house we was wilding 'cause we was renting that. Yeah. Yeah. And that deposit y'all put down, y'all didn't get that Money back. Yeah, it was, it was over. Yeah. Yeah, a lot. We, we, we lived, we risked a lot, but it was worth it though. Like the supporters was set.


The supporters was entertained. Like we was fire. Like we woke up, we would go to sleep. So like, hype and it wake up like on our tippy toes. Like it was fun. It's, it's so fun. And it still is. Do, did people find out where you guys lived and you had unwanted guests? Oh yeah. People show up. Oh my god. Hell yeah. Like even our first house, yes. I, it wasn't as bad as today, but now it's like, it's crazy. You got top tier security though? Oh Do you? Yeah. Your neighbors do your neighbors. When you got, when you moved in, did your neighbors knew who you were Currently? Yeah. Or or my first house. Your First Either one. Okay, so first one they didn't know who he was. Yeah. They had, I remember I had bought my car.


I had a, I bought my first car, A-M-G-G-T 53. And everybody had these nice, like everybody cars was pretty nice at the time. Right. And it's just rolling in. First of all, we in a white neighborhood. Yeah. It's just like six black kids in this big ass house. Cars coming in, they loudest shit. Speaking the backyard. Loudest shit. We filming these videos. It's just so loud. We actually had a note one time. I'll never forget it. This note came in our door and it said, I forgot what it said, but it, it was along the lines of like, they know they said that that we know there's this drugs and like cocaine coming inside of here and like they know that like we are, we gotta be selling drugs or something.


Right. So they had a lot, they had called the cops. They wrote a note in the, to the cops. Then the note brought it to us and then the cops brought it to us and then they read it. This was online. It was, oh yeah, they got drugs, fancy cars. There's gotta be something skeptical going on there. And I'm like, oh my God. There was one time I had to, I there was scared to angry. I had gave them a gift basket and they were upset about it. It's like I was all recorded and they were upset about it and they said, I was like, I'll be broke in five years and stuff like that. Right. And it was crazy. Wow. Yeah. So what about your neighbors? The Neighbors hated us. What about now? We Don't got no neighbors. Oh, okay. Like, yeah, we don't got, the way our, our thing is set up. We have the be I think we have the best view in, in Georgia. Like literally the best view.


We can see Atlanta, we can see the whole sky view. But we don't got any neighbors. So we could do crazy stuff. I read that and I don't know if this is true, that you guys got evicted from your in New York was. Yeah. Yeah. He did get evicted in like three days. How, What? Okay, so here's my theory. Okay. Gimme the theory. Got We got, so the guy was selling that, that he was gonna sell it That spot. Yes. We Ended up, was able to tell him that we were rented and like we got to where we be able to move in. I think he knew who we were. He had us do a whole rollout, like show the crib, let us stream there.


And then like five days in he said, nah, y'all gotta go. And we didn't even do nothing like this time, we literally knew the pre precautions to make the part, the, the, the limit to go. We did not even do nothing. And I feel like as soon as like we displayed it and stuff like that, gave him a nice tour. Like people got interested in it. I don't know if it sold, but like he got us outta there asap that we had to switch. That was the worst experience as a group. I'm not gonna lie in terms of like a streaming, like at the time, streaming every couldn't like, that's my home base. So it's like I done had mad because you should had a riot there and all that other stuff. People knew exactly where we was and it was getting crazy. Like, for real. Where do you like living better? New York or Georgia?


Living Georgia for sure. But like in terms of like city life and like family and stuff. New York, 100. Sure. 100%. Like literally, I like Atlanta. It has great property. You can get into like a lot of good, you can find a lot of good houses. You can actually drive your cars out here. Yeah. You could live a low key. You could be very low key out here. New York is, is kind of tough for me right now 'cause it's like everything is so fast. There's so many people everywhere and like anywhere like you post or anything, they know where they gonna pull up. Yeah. They know where you at. Yeah. And it's kind of hard, but like, in terms of like the, so like, like like the people around it. I love, I love New York. What made you take your talents to Twitch?


Twitch? Because You say you originally started on YouTube. Yeah, I did. I did. But I, but like, streaming was like streaming in my opinion. Streaming is, is, is kind of like, it's so hard to build on YouTube. Okay. Like, like speed was speed in my opinion. Speed is like the only one I could see. There's a lot more than, but speed is like by far like this. That's his own, that's his whole playground. Like YouTube is his own playground. And I'm not gonna lie Twitch, which is cool. At the time I just, I just seen a whole bunch of like streamers react to a and p content. Like rage. A whole Your rage. Who else? I seen Flight. I seen a whole bunch of streamers just reacting to it. And I was like, damn, Twitch is lit. 'cause like the, I I, because like everybody's watching it, but I also grew up watching Twitch too.


Okay. So I seen a lot of streamers shout out Summit one G, summit one G was like somebody I watched Ninja, I watched Ninja when I was on it and like, but like it was a lot of cool people that was streaming on it. So Illuminati a lot of people, right? A lot of people. Yeah. But The kinks, because I remember trying to, I was trying to do something on Twitch with like, we, nah, not streaming, not screaming. You like, like watch, kinda like the Manning cast where you watch the game. Yeah. And then, you know, you talk like that, but it was a lot of you trying to get the kinks out of it at the time. Yeah. And so clearly you guys have got rectified over there. Oh yeah. Yeah, yeah. So you Got, you be on YouTube too? I Be on YouTube, yeah. YouTube. Yours inspired though. I like the way y'all, y'all do y'all. I appreciate that man.


I appreciate it. Lemme ask you this. How did you come up with the like, because like all day, you don't want me, not all day, but you on, you're streaming and you like, you come up with this platform, it's like, you know what? I think people will play for subscription. I think they'll pay X, y, Z to watch me do this. How did you, how did you, what made you think of that? Well Switch already have this subscriptions thing and like you just, when you buy it, you get no ads. So like, there's no commercial breaks. You could watch the streamer for as long as you want. Right. It'd be good for a whole month. Every renewed, every month. And then after, like, I had this idea, I joined Do 30 day. I just went to somebody had the world record at the time for subs.


Ludwig did. And I personally, without a subhan, I had hit a hundred thousand subs and like, people were being so supportive. I had to get, I had got dragged through like a lot of like communities. 'cause people thought I was money laundering. People thought it was like I was doing something behind the scenes that was sketchy. But nah, I was literally just sitting there and like, I was getting like 10,000 subs every stream. Wow. I was just sitting there. It'd be back to back days too. So I would come back 10,000 go up, it'd be 2030. I started posting my picture every time, 40, 60. And I did a 24 hour just to prove people wrong about like, how, what they saying about me. And we ended up closing it out on a hundred thousand, like literally live.


And everybody loved it. And I was like, damn. Like we should do this for a month straight. And after I did it for a month. So that's what gave you the idea of, of the th Yeah. Mafia. Th yeah. 'cause it was, it was originally called a Subhan. Right. And like, 'cause it was like a marathon. Right. But I, I had put mafia th behind it. Who was the first celeb to make an appearance? First one. Damn. That's a good ass question. Re Yeah, I'm gonna say Anna Lee Chopper. Okay. I probably say Anna Lee Chopper. I could be wrong. Right. But I'm gonna say Anna Lee. I think it was. Has any celebrity turned you down? No. Celebrity has turned me down.


I've like it, it'll be like conversation and then like, we'll get busy. Okay. But I definitely turned down a lot of opportunity and stuff. Right. Just because I don't want anything to feel forced. Right. Like, there would be so much money for people to try to pay me to come to my stream, but I feel like it's naturally not organic or there that I wouldn't do it. Right. Yeah. What celebrity did you meet for the first time that had you like, man, I can't believe I'm sitting next to this person. Or, I'd probably say that I couldn't believe that. Like, damn, we have a lot. Oh my God. Kevin. But the first one I was like, damn, this is gonna be crazy. It was probably like Lil Baby, right? He put up to the house and then we had a, we had a good, we had a good string.


Yeah. It was crazy. I ain't gonna lie, it was crazy. It was insane. But I mean now it seems that even those guys are doing a lot of streams. I hear T Payne, he streams. T Penn is amazing. Yeah. Yeah. He genuinely loves it too. He's not just doing it right because it's a wave or nothing. Like T Paint is deadass streaming because he actually has a craft. And he has, he has a thing where he, I I can just tell he has laser being focused when he gets, when he likes to do something. Right. So you feel me, like, I'm not gonna lie that, but people be trying to force it and it's like, you can't can't, Can't force it. It's gotta be organic. It has to. Well, help me understand, Kai. I mean, I, I I can't think of a better person to help me understand. So screaming, so people are watching you play a game, correct?


Correct. Like cod or, Oh no. Just watching me talk. Well, oh. Oh, okay. Yeah. I could be talking like just regular. I could just be like, yo, lemme tell y'all what's happening today. And then I, I'll talk, talk, talk. Do a fire segment. It could be a random segment. A horse come in my room starting to explodes, then I go to, then I'll, I I'll be reading what they like all the jokes and means that they just drop in my community. Right. We probably do like some community stuff to, to help everybody and then like, wind down and just like, or listen to album React, do album reactions to music or video Games. So you're not always playing video games. Yeah. I'm not always playing video Games. Yeah. Okay. So there, Yeah. But, but definitely video games. Every streamer has definitely played, I don't wanna say every streamer, but that's, that's the main, that's where it started. Right. It started gaming.


That was the first thing. And it changed. Like, just being able to talk in front of things. How did you book your first guest? Because I remember when, like, when we first started doing Club Sheha. Yeah. And cj, my EP back there, he and I, and I was like, how do I get a guess? Because I had no idea. We didn't have a booking. We don't have, didn't have booking like we do. And he said, well, just go in your phone and call the most famous people you at know and see if you can, you know, when they come on. So, you know, I did Floyd Mayweather and Ice Cube and Snoop Dogg and, and, and Travis Kelsey and Rick Ross and so forth and so on. Right. And then he's like, man, you oughta DM somebody. I was like, man, man, they might think I'm crazy, cj. So I just started doing it. So I'm always interested to see, like, I don't know if you have people that book guests for you.


Nah. Or you just reach out on your own? Nah, Everybody, I just reach out on my own. Okay. It's either I reach out or they hit me up. Okay. And then when I see a, a dm I'll be like, how do, how did this person know me? Because I'm not gonna lie, I never, and I still don't, but I have to realize it is that I don't think, I don't, I still, I still feel so normal. Right. So when people do hit me up, I'm like, damn. Like, You know me, How you Yeah. You know me like, how you know me, you feel what I'm saying? So like, I be so surprised. Like, and it's just crazy. What's The most surprising DM you got From a person? I'd probably say like Michael B. Jordan.


Wow. Donald Glover. Kevin is this big. 'cause I, I always wanna do something with Kevin. It's probably, I'm probably forgetting something, but it's crazy. It get bro, it gets crazy. Like, bro, you'll just never know. And it starts off like, like Jonas Brothers, like it'd be the most random. Wow. Yeah. It'd be the most random people because they'll see 'cause like their kids will know about it. You feel what I'm saying? And then thing, but it'll be like NBA players. Like I, bro, I still can't believe, I still can't believe it. And I'll just be like, how you know me? Like how you feel me? So Lemme ask you this.


How do you determine the games that you're gonna play? How do you come up with that? Oh Yeah. That's where it gets fun. But my chat besides that. Okay. Or like, there, there's usually like a, every year there's probably like a, a fun game to play on stream that everybody plays that that's be one of the games or whatever's just most popular right now. Or like right now, I came, I came up with a routine with my, with my, with my community to even be on some like, okay, y'all, y'all gimme a list of game to do and I will stay on stream until I beat the game. Right. So it's very engaging. It's a storyline building. Like from beginning to end, the first game I ever played was Red. And I think it's the best single player game of all time.


Red Dead Redemption two I and I went all out. So I spent money to transform my room into the theme of the game. Wow. So that's based off a western time. My whole room would be Western and all that. And I had like these little funny, like bits and stuff. And then after, my biggest one that surprised me the most was a Souls game called Elder Ring. And that's The one you played like 167 Hours. I played 169 hours on that game. Okay. And I literally seven. It was like a week straight. And I and I, everybody, I had so many, so much people watching me just on the game. You feel what I'm saying? And I was like, damn. Like it's one thing, like streaming and, and regulating is going crazy.


But when the gaming community accepts you for who you are, right? And like wanna see you play, that's a blessing. So I go all out, like I don't care what the prices for my room to get it done and be entertaining. Like I'm gonna give my community whatever they want every single time. I started doing trailers on top of it and I started making my room be fire. You feel me Outta y'all.


This weekend get an all access pass to Apple TV plus no time. Like the present Forbes is calling Apple TV plus the best streaming service out there right now with critically acclaimed hit series and films like Severance, shrinking Wolves, Ted Lasso Silo, and the Morning Show. We are not finished. We're on a hot streak. But don't just take their word for it. See for yourself it looks fabulous. I can't wait to see it. Stream Apple TV plus for free January 4th through January 5th. Applelight de required


Now on BET tonight. Ten nine Central BET plus original series Diara from Detroit. From executive producer Kenya Barris and BET Studios comes what Variety calls a PI drama with Flair Meet Diara Bricklin, a public school teacher turned amateur private eye after the disappearance of a very hot date with the help of her friends and even her ex-husband Dara's on a mission to find her missing lover. Catch everyone of the breezy, juicy episodes as held by the New York Times co-starring John Sally Morris Chestnut and Felicia Rashad. One mystery zero chill. The critically acclaimed hit drama diara from Detroit is now on. BET starts tonight at ten nine Central Search and post with hashtag diara from Detroit. And visit BE t.com for more.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


So Why do you think yes, they're so comfortable with You? Because it's like you're not here to, I don't tell 'em that they're here to do an interview. Like, we don't even talk, we barely talk about what they do. You feel what I'm saying? Right? Yeah. It's like, bro, you coming over to my crib. Right. You feel me? Like that's the vibe that I always want to give. 'cause everybody thinks that like anybody could come on the stream or anybody can do this. And it's like the chemistry might not be there, you feel me? But I'm just like, I just know how to break ice and I just know how to like, I just know how to have people have fun. Like bro, we don't gotta talk about, like, we don't have talk about anything that y'all going on right now. Just relax, sit back, have a good, and let's have a good ass time. You feel me and my all and have my friends pull up and we just have fun. And it's like, it's like my house is just like a a a a an escape from like big playground.


Yeah. A big playground. Whatever you wanna do, we gonna do it. No cap. So Why do you think you've resonated so much with celebrities and entertainers? But I Don't know. I like, I think it's just because like you, I just, I just, yeah. I'm, I I just see 'em as me like, like, like normal humans. Like, and, and good people. And you would never see me, I, you would never see me do anything forced in terms of like, I will never do a stream with somebody that I feel won't work. Right. Like never, like I feel like I would never do a stream with somebody that I'd be like, I don't think the chemistry is there. So I don't want Yeah. You don't wanna get on camera to find out whether or not the chemistry is there or not.


Yes. You want to kind of have a, a pretty good idea going into it. Yes. That this thing's gonna work. Yes. Yes. I was scared. One person I was scared was Nikki. I was scared. I didn't know how Nick was going to be okay. But Nikki was amazing when she pulled up. She, you know, what was, what's crazy about Nicky? Nikki is so real. She put up like, and like was an amazing person the whole night. She came late, but like, she was made it worth it. And to this day, without me even like being in contact with her, she knows my sister and my mom are big supporters. She checks up on them to this day. Wow. Like whatever, send them free stuff whenever. And my sister's her biggest supporter. Right. What's your craziest guest experience?


They probably just sleepovers. Sleepovers definitely probably like Kevin and Kevin and Druski. That's like legendary. But like, those are definitely one but crazy. Like, that's crazy. I think that's everybody crazy. But like Shock was Blue face and Kan. Yeah. Yeah. She threw the chair through the wall. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. When she threw my chair through the wall, it was a shock that went through my body. It was like, oh, it can get real live. Like it real, but I had to hold it in. You feel what I'm saying? So it was, it was, that was the craziest one though. For sure. I mean, 'cause you normally do a great job of destroying your own room. Were you, were you worried about somebody else destroying your room? Like it's one thing if you tell me you about to destroy the room, it's another thing if you just do it. Like, you gotta let me know. You feel what I'm saying? So I can be prepared for it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


She, she was like, you'll be good. She got me on my back and said, you'll be good. You're rich. I'm like, yo. What? That's crazy. Yeah. So You beat, hold on. You bet. 21 Savage $300,000 that you could beat him in Madden. Yeah, He cooked me. I don't, I to this day, I don't know how I lost. What you mean you don't know how you lost? I don't Know how I, he trash 21 is. So I Beat trash if he beat you. So what that make you Nervous? No, because he was getting in my head. Okay. So I get, when I'm in an intense moment. Yeah. I literally feel like, like I, I, my heart start beating fast and I, and I sold last play of the game. I sold that he sold trash and it was Madden and I lost.


It's like, it's like when there's no money on the line, I win. But as soon as there money on the line, I lose. And that's why I don't gamble. You don't gamble no more? No I don't. That's not gambling though. That's a wager. Okay. You okay? Okay. Because gambling is like, you don't know what's gonna happen. Clearly. You don't know what's gonna happen. Wait, wager is like, you got controlling it, you feel me? You got controlling it. So it's like opportunity. You literally, it's a, it's more like a bet. You Put that man his money. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He got Yeah, yeah, yeah. Little. So you done with that? Yeah. 21. Hey listen, he I'm make sure he get his money. I don't want no problem with that. Yes, no cap. Hey, another guy that you said that you, you, you have a relationship with is, is Lil Baby. And I heard him the other day that he lost 8 million gambling in like, oh my God.


What a day and a Yeah. 8 million. Like a day and a half. Dominique. Yeah. 8 million. 8 million. Eight ams in like 40 hours. And he said he had Michael Rubin write, write a letter to all the casinos in Vegas that they banned him. Oh my God. I I didn't know that. Yeah, I didn't know that. That's crazy. I I don't want to go down that hole though. Hell No. Hell no. Hell No. That's why people go to do it. And like you hit right. It's crazy. And then you get crazy. I don't, I'm good off that. I'm, I'm chilling. I'm chilling off game because you, You cool with Lil Baby? So what, what's your favorite moment with Lil Baby? Lil Baby? We Have like, like we're, we're just like cool in terms of like, I had him up once in a while.


He back once in a while, but we ain't really get to like, we only hung up, hung out one time. Right. But like, like off camera. Right. But other than that, like, we didn't get to really hang out. I went to his, his kids love me. Yeah. So his kids wanted be at his birthday party and I pulled up on him, Jason and I pulled up. I was like, you know what, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go show some notes to here. Right. And like I went there and he made it cool. Everything. Was he cool? He's a cool guy, right? Yeah. You made money. So what did you do your first billion when you first got that? The first the money started coming in. You like, damn. Ooh, ooh, what'd you buy? Ah, Damn. What did I buy my first big purchase? Yeah. For me personally was my car.


Okay. That was like a huge accomplishment. You Still got it? I still got It. Okay. I still got that same, I will never get rid of it. I, I, I love that car. And that was like, that was like my first one. And then my, like my, my my my most proud is my mom house. Okay. Like that felt good. Is she here in Georgia or she still in in, she Wasn't, she's still here. She's she's here in Georgia? No, no. She, she lives in New York. New York. Okay. Yeah. But she's here in Georgia visiting right now, right? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. So what have you learned about money? Oh man. One, first of all, I'm so glad that I'm naturally a good saver. I don't like to spend too much. But I also know I have a, I have a, I have a good team around me and I also know, like, you should be purchasing some property.


You should be purchasing something that's gonna make your money worth it. You feel what I'm saying? Like, of course you're gonna have your phase or you go through clothes and all that stuff, but like, I, you Grow up, You'll realize it's not worth it. Right. You feel me? So besides that, like I'm very, I would say I put all my money right back into my content. Wow. Like literally all of it. I put right back into it. Or unless like I, I like clothes or like, unless like I get outfits and stuff, but it's never all no. Like, yo, you, you gotta slow down. Like my people advise like it was so great. My account always tells me like, you gotta spend Kai. You, you, you gotta spend, you gotta spend, you gotta spend. Because I like to save. Yeah. So get Some enjoy like get some enjoyment out of it.


Like, gee. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta, you gotta, you gotta think. So I make sure to get some, I'm more into like getting houses or like, I, like, I like watches like plain Jane watches. Right. And that's it. Nah, you got Patrick. I saw him. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. So don't do that. Don't do that, Kyle. Don't do that. I mean, you gonna get Yeah. I like, I like it. I, I got more into it. It's, it's, it's, it's fired. Like understand. I just, I don't even, I got over, I, I'm glad I was able to get over like the diamonds and stuff. Right. You know what I'm saying? I just, I just got one last diamond chain. But like, it's not as bad as like how I used to think of it. Right. Like for real. What's Kai's guilty? What's his, what's your guilty pleasure? My guilty pleasure. I just, I love, I don't know.


I think my guilty pressure is I love just watching like YouTube and, and Twitch. Like I'm still a viewer. I feel like I'm still a viewer. I love just being on my phone and seeing what's going on and like watching movies and reading billboards and, and like different stuff going on in the room to get inspiration. But like, ain't nothing p me more than like an idea coming to life. Right. Sitting there by my whiteboard. It'd be fire. 'cause I'd be coming up with the craziest stuff and I don't know. And I'll be the first thing to do it. So it'd be good. What's your, what's been your best? And you said, I, you told me your best purchase has been when like, you felt the best when you brought your mom home. What's been your worst purchase? My worst, my worst purchase heights probably be my, my first chain of my first watch.


Like You had to bus down. I had a bus down Rolly and I had a, a bust down ap. I had a bust down AP and I, and I don't, I don't like those. Those are like, I'm like, damn. Like I got these and don't even work. It's what it was though. You feel me? So lemme ask you a question. When you fly, you fly charter, do you fly private or, or, or pj or do you take co commercial? So, boom, when I fly, I love flying commercial. Right. Because it made me feel like I don't wanna get too bigheaded by myself. Right. Or, or certain things. But I just learned a new trick that Nope. That I had to find, find myself that nobody was going to. So like whenever, like whenever I travel, it's either for a business opportunity, a sponsorship, or I gotta do something inside so that I notice that you can request travel fees.


So like companies are willing to just pay for a free pj. Like, like not outta my, outta my money to just like, Hey, if you wanna get here faster, here's this, we'll cover this and thing. So it's like I just keep using that. Like, I didn't know that was a thing. Yeah. I just thought everybody just kept paying. Yeah. But it's like, I didn't know. I could just request it. Somebody else paying for it. PJ I'm paying for the commercial. But, but you definitely, but you, but you definitely, you, you, you definitely get to You have to get to that point though. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Like, and like this, this just started happening, you feel me? But yeah, that was the smartest thing I ever like I ever discovered. I was like, what? And it, you get you in and out. Yeah. You feel me. But it got to a point where it's like, even when I do core commercial, it's crazy.


Like TSA even be slowing me down. Like, yo, the streams is crazy. Or like, when I'm on the air, when I'm on the airplane. Well, you flying outta Atlanta, why don't you use private suites or Tier one? I I I I've seen that. Is it, is it the, you got like a, a nice little thing and it gets you straight to the, to the commercial, right? Yep. Yeah. I've used it like once or twice. Right. They need that everywhere. They don't got it every, everywhere. They need that, bro. They do. I mean, they got it in Atlanta. They got, they got a jk. JFK, they got it in la. Yeah. That's It. I think that's it. Yeah. Yeah. They need, they need more Of that. They really do. They Really do. It really helps. But I do like flying commercial. 'cause I don't know, like just seeing like my supporters in person, it's refreshing. And plus like, I feel like God still, you know. Right.


I read that you turned down 60 million to join Kick. Why did you do that? It wasn't right, man. I couldn't join Kick at the time. 'cause it was like, I, I got to realize like, not all money is good money. Mm. Some money. I think some money that, some money you could take and some deals that you could sign that would, that would like literally jeopardize and slow down everything that you built up for. Sometimes you gotta just say no. Right. This is this, it's ama it's cool. Like it's generational, but I'm not, I'm more like, what am I, what am I stamping on the world? Like, what am I gonna be known for?


So like, I, I don't, even if it don't make sense, I'm not doing it right. They like, you know what I'm saying? Like, I, I had such a great community where I'm at right now. Why would I leave it? Who did you rely on to help make that decision? Or was that a sole decision that you made? Nah, that it was me and God. It is. I can tell you exactly what happened. 2023, right before my subhan, I got a call from Kick. They say, Hey, we got these millions for you to do 15 days on Twitch, then come to kick for 15 days and then reveal that you're on kick. And I said, I told, I told my team, I said, I can't do it. I didn't wanna do it.


They hung up. As soon as I hung up, I got down on my knees and I put my hands together and I prayed and I said, God, I just turned down a crazy amount of money that can help me for a lifetime, but I just hope you keep me on the road of staying focused and being able to achieve my dreams at a natural pace, at my own pace. And he answered, like, I literally just locked in and it's like, I, it's like when you get money, it's like you don't, it's like, how do I explain it? It's like when you get to a certain point, Level, how much more money do you Yeah. Like, you know, like when you get To a point point, what can I do with what can I do with the money that I'm making? Yeah. That I needed this. Yeah. Because if I, if I need that, I got a problem to begin with, I'm probably gonna blow through that.


Right. That's what I'm saying. So like, I'm like, damn, like I can't, like I, I'm already blessed financially. Like why would I need to do this? Right. Like why I'm, I, I'd rather pay the long, the long game and a more natural organic route. Right. I mean, I mean you turn down that Steph, Steph makes 55 a year. Dak Prescott makes 60. That's that's professional high Top of the boot chain. Yeah. But, but, but, but think about it though. Steph is doing what he loves. Yes. Its basketball. He get, he get, he getting paid to play the game that he loves. He loves, I don't know if I would've loved it on cake. Oh, okay. You feel me? I had this, I have this. Yeah. They, they're gonna be, it, it's a great like streaming platform and stuff and how it is.


But like, bro, my home, I'm, I'm, I'm where I need to be at and like, I'm not worried about money. I, I just, I just filled my community and I don't gotta worry about the extras I could get when I'm already blessed. Right. You feel me? So I just keep that mentality and just make sure I never lose that mentality. So Can I have you built your team? It's al it's always interesting to see because obviously in order for you to do what you do and do team need a team, you need a team. You need a team. But you need a team that you trust. You need a team that I don't feel like my team that I have around me. I never feel that I'm the smartest person in the room. Right. Because if I do, I need to find another people to be in the room. Right. So I trust my team.


Clearly you trust your team. Right. How did you go about assembling your team that you've put together that, okay, this is the, this is the team that we are. Go to the top. At first I had a videographer that I, that I used to work with and we built up a lot. We built up a lot on until we stopped working. But after I have an assistant and oh my God, her story is crazy too. I had posted, I'm looking for an assistant. Okay. And her little, her little cousin was like, yo, yo Kai needs an kai needs somebody, an assistant. And at, at, I think at the time she used to do like property assistant. And then she text me like, Hey, I'll do it. And I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, damn, okay.


I asked her where she live at. She didn't live in Georgia. And I said, you know what to say, the time to time I to find somebody in Georgia, I don't want to move you out here. I don't want you to come out here. You do something like you just fail or something. And like, you have to figure everything out. He said, I'm a grown, I'm grown or whatever the decision is, I'm gonna take that decision and I'm gonna live with it. She had like, I forgot her story. Her story is crazy. Like, she, she, she had like $200. She rented a spot out here to stay for a test run with me to see how it would go. She went to a spot out here for herself, got scammed lost to $200, had to call family. Then they gave her some spare money.


She found somewhere. She found somewhere like just to lay her head at. And her first task was, and I was like, you know what? I gotta give her a hard task. So I know I said, find me a zebra and I wanna have a hello? Like a ze, a zebra. Zebra. Like a Zebra, zebra sen like a like yes. Like black and white. A a legit zebra. I said, find me a zebra. I want my house to be a zoo. I want a lot man here. I want kangaroos. I want a zebra. The zebra was the hardest. I'm like, there's no way she found a zebra in ge in Georgia. She said, okay, I'm on it. She pulled up with a goddamn zebra and the way she fought to get the zebra there, 'cause it was one up north.


And they're like, no, no, no, no. And she was on the phone like, she told me, she's like, yo, I literally have to get the zebra or you're gonna cost me my job. Like, she's literally on it. Right. And she got the zebra there and I was like, yeah, she's good. If you could get a zebra in Georgia, you can do yeah. You can do anything. I'm not gonna lie. So I got her that and she's like, she's like, she's not my, she's like a, an older sister. Right. Like I, that's go to her for advice like, on life. And like she, she's able to gimme advice and we're able to lock in. Like she has the same, I could close my eyes and she knows exactly what I want, how I want it, when I want it done, like best. And that the Best system. Yeah. And I, to and I, I have to rebuild, I have to rebuild my technical side with my boys, Daniel and cb. They're like yin and yang.


And we got some more people going on the team. And my management is good. They never force me down the wrong path. We live, we learn, we keep going. Yeah. We keep going. We keep everything in a tight, tight circle. So I saw with Duke, he got his car broken into. He Didn't. Oh my God. That was crazy. How did, how did, I dunno, he, he, he, he go from South Carolina to Atlanta. He just parked up and he got his car broken into, but he didn't care though. He was actually like, he had said that like, it is in, it's crazy how he gets to say like, he got his Lambo, his Lamborghini broken into like that's a blessing in his own. Like he, he didn't care though. The, the picture was fire him taking a picture. But I don't know, you know, people still be out here.


Gotta be, gotta be safe. I people moving with security and stuff. Oh do you? Yeah. Damn. Yeah. I don't got security with me now, but Yeah. But don't nobody but don't do. But nobody gonna know that though. Yeah. By the time you're here, it'll be long. You be long gone. Kai. You might you be going back 15 different places by the time this here. No. Yeah. Lemme ask you this. Endorsements, you have deals with NBA Chime, T-Mobile, skims and DoorDash. How do you decide who Castane net partners with? Yeah, I gotta use it on a daily or it gotta just make sense. Like, I'm so big on like making sense. Like if I, I wanted, I loved Hanes. I said I loved Hanes. Hanes got reached out to me. They sent me free Hanes Hanes stuff. My, my ultimate one was Nike.


Yeah. I, I love Nike. I'm talking about shoes. I, I, I, I didn't grow up with the best shoes or, or, or, or gear, athletic gear or anything. And Nike and it came around the corner. I did not think that was possible. Came around the corner and it just has to make sense. If it's a daily use that I need on a daily, that's just a perfect one up. Yes. But there's a lot of endorsements and sponsorships that I did not like that. I feel like It's gotta make sense. It Has to, it can't be. And that and that. And that's literally one of the biggest things to the blueprint. Always keep it organic. Yes. Always keep it real. Yes. What fits you? You feel what I'm saying? Yes. So, yeah. What do you learn most about negotiating?


Because a lot of times, you know, like we started out with CJ and I, we started with Club Shehe. We wouldn't have any advertising. We didn't have nothing. And then you get in a situation and these six and seven figure deals come along. Sometimes you have to say no and it's hard. You're like, damn. I mean, I remember with CJ we didn't get $50. We didn't get a hundred dollars. Right. And now we saying no to six and seven figure deals. Yeah. But it just doesn't seem Right. Yeah. I negotiate. I don't like, I, it's certain things that I don't like host thing, like they be going everything. Yo, yo, post this, put a link on it. Here, put this on here. Yeah. Let you do this. Make sure I need, I need five slides on the IG story. Once you start asking too much, it's okay. All I'm gonna tell you exactly what I will give you in deliverables.


But if you, if you start asking, hey, yeah, yeah, yeah. You gotta tag me. You gotta tag. Yeah. You got my best friend. Nah bro, I'm good bro. I'm good, I'm good. And it'd be worth it. Yeah. Like, like you don't, like, it'd be worth it in terms of like making sure that you like, like your, your 'cause it's your personal page. You don't want turn into a billboard. Yeah. Like I don't keep, I don't even like post on my feed. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? Like, I don't even like doing that. 'cause it's like, yeah, when it comes to the billboard, it's like, all right, you feel me? But I, I do commend people. I want really be seeing, like I be seeing a lot of young folks do it. But I feel like when you get older then you can start, you do stuff like that. You start doing a whole bunch of side missions and stuff like that.


You feel what I'm saying? But like, keep it, keep it good. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever pla podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to club. She she profile and I'll see you there.


Cheap Caribbean is celebrating more than just the new year in 2025. Cheap Caribbean vacations is celebrating its 25th birthday too. You're invited to join in on the birthday fun and book a beach vacation with more savings. Now through February 3rd, you can unlock up to $250 off Sitewide vacation packages. Celebrate these awesome savings at your favorite beach and book your next all-inclusive vacay@cheapcaribbean.com. Your $250 off is waiting.


Amazon one Medical presents Painful thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh. Okay. Just his runny nose on my jacket and the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration insists on sharing my armrest. Ugh. Next time, make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon one Medical healthcare just got less painful.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Palm Mo products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy that cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.