
You're listening to An iHeartPodcasts In honor of Military Appreciation Month. Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band, or throwing a bumping shindi at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with auto pay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% a PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. Who shocked you the most that they left? Have you been surprised by anyone that they ended up leaving? Not big names, no. Not on the talent side. I had like a guy who was like, worked for the go, went and worked for the World Empire State Building. That's, it's like you're going to work for bricks. That surprised Me. Like, but not, not on the talent side because again, we pay really competitively really well. And, and we're a good place to work. I'm gonna give you of the talent that you've lost. I'm gonna give you the opportunity to bring one of them back. You can pay them what they're getting, but you only get one.


You only get one McAfee call her daddy busting with the boys. Caleb. That's Are are they gonna, the question would be, well, do I know everything about him that I know right now? Yep. Will Compton, no doubt. Wow. So Will will be the guy that you'd be willing to break the bank for if you could break, say, You know what the guy say, You know what? If you give him X, we can se we can save it. We can sell it there. Yeah. Yeah. It'll be will. The reason is I think he is the most loves Barstool the most. Like we get, You know, I'll get people put in front of me in their starts a lot of times.


Like, well, are they, are they bought into what we do? Do they want to like, be in these stupid, like we had a skills competition like Gruden last night's announcing it happy Or are they their own thing? Like, that's why I didn't say McAfee, McAfee's a supernova, but he's, he's got a lot of interest and he is WWE. He is this like, we want guys who are like, You know, where They all in with. Yeah. It's Like, I, I want be here in the doors. The more I, so that's why I'd say Will. Okay. I, I like that Dan. Big Cats bringing in William Weekly listeners. I mean, I'm, I'm looking at this, bro. I I just don't, I still don't. I'm, I figured it out and I've been looking at it. I'm like, how do you create this? So that's, that, that is the number one Sportscast Sports podcast I say of all time, like for the longevity.


They're doing it, the numbers. He's maybe the most unappreciated guy because he never went to a mainstream network. He's just a super talented, super hardworking guy and people love him. And PFT is wildly talented, right time, right place. And it exploded. And I mean, You know how hard it is to do stuff. Like a lot of people come into this and, and they think it's, you throw your glove on the field and the thing will be it's a lot of Work. It is. People Think you need a, all you need is a camera and a microphone and that's it. Yeah. So these guys work their asses off. They've changed the whole way. A lot of people do podcasts and people used to not put stuff out on Mondays till after NFL Sunday. These guys were at the office after the games. So they're just super talented, super hardworking and early.


How did you two meet? He was a fan. So when I expanded outside of Boston, I said, we're looking for guys in different cities. He applied, Right. How do you treat loyalty? Because it seems like to me, it's my number one thing. You, you are a very loyal guy and, and this, I, I think it's the, for you. And I'm just sitting here talking to you and I don't really, I didn't know you before we sat down. I still don't know you, but I'm having a conversation with you as I see you, as I talk to you. Loyalty is the foundation of which everything you do. Number One thing, number one thing. If you're loyal to me, I'll, I'll be wily. I mean, wily loyal to you. But if you look at us, we've had guys who've been here, like employee number one's still there. I people have made millions when we did equity deals just on like handshakes and as it's a two-way street.


And that's why I think in a lot of ways been respectful. That's also gets me in trouble sometimes because I feel like I've been crossed. You know, you may hit me with a feather and I come back with like a sledgehammer. Always like an equal thing. But yeah, loyalty's a huge part of, I dunno why. That's just my personality. What Happened to the ES ESPN deal? You had a ESPN deal and you mentioned earlier that you, you they, they canceled it after one show. Yeah, they did. So here real quick, Dan and I used to do a podcast basically when no one knew who we were and we taught college football. Okay? So at the time, Sam Ponder just took over for Aren Andrews we're watching. And she had a kid, the kid was on the podcast.


We made craft jokes about her. We're like, nobody wants to see your kid, Sam, we wants to see you slutted up. That's what I said. Something to that effect. Okay. By the way, I stand by like, guys are watching here pretty slutted up, whatever. This was the wild west, right? I didn't even know he said it. Fast forward five years, they get the show and there was a rebellion within ESPN, like, You know what these guys said about you back in the day? And I think there was so much pressure. They canceled the show. Who was the agent of hers? Who started? He's a big deal. Con Nick. Con Nick. Yeah. And then he asked me, He's the WWE now. Yeah. He asked me to fight in New York like three weeks after it happened. And I sent, I go, do you think, I don't know what the just happened at ES pn, like I know who complained.


Yeah. So that's what happened with ES espn, Bro. I, how the hell do you sell a company for five for over a half a bill and then buy it back for a buck? It's one of the great trades of all times. So a Better than a Louisiana purchase? Yeah. It, it was so, so we were sold to a gambling company. Yes. Gambling super regulated. You need licenses. If of our state regulator in, in Indiana doesn't like you, you're in trouble. Yes. I'm a controversial guy who was definitely creating issues for Penn, getting licenses. They had an opportunity to do this deal with ESPN and I think they're like, You know, we're not the right holder for Barstool rather than go to war with me that we're friends.


They're like, this just didn't work. Essentially it was losing money at the time. Right. So we, we cut that deal. I got the company back. I think they would've taken it, a lot of people would've lost their jobs because there wasn't a need for a lot of what I, we have idiots. Like what are they gonna do if they lose their jobs? They, they've done nothing else. So it was a bunch of factors all coming together. Again, it worked out for me. Right time. Right? Yeah. How do you But for a dollar, they dollar Dollar, you can't give it to somebody. It's gonna be an official sale dollar. Why not? Okay, why not a hundred million? Okay. They, they would've lost 450 million, but damn, I wouldn't pay a hundred million for it. You wouldn't have No, and I look at it like this.


I knew we were alive. It's like, I'm the guy, like Dan's with me. Like, it, it it, you need me bought in on whatever you're doing with Barstool. Now, I wouldn't have paid a hundred million. Well, Why, why did they sell it to another company? You need me in that probably too. Like what if you sell that to a company I don't like, and it's like, hey, this thing my baby that I've been working on 20 years, maybe my right li Yeah. They, they liked us and it's like, I don't think they wanted to create a war, especially in the scheme of what they did with the ES espn. Like, this was kind of a small, they're a billion dollar company then. Yes. So in the scheme of their world, it's like we get along with them. Let, let's do right by 'em. So lemme get this straight.


That wasn't the first time that you sold Barstow. Second, second, first sale was to the churning group. Peter churning, right? Yep. Rupert Murdoch's long time. Second in command for 15 million with 1550 1% equity. The second sale to the pen group, 163 million, 36% of the company. The third sale pin group, three 88 million, a hundred percent of the company. You said you'll never sell Barto again. We, if the deal we did, if I sell it again, pen gets 50% of the proceeds. So that right off the bat kind of prevents it. And we're doing great. Like, I I, I didn't love living in someone else's world. Right. So, You know, I I like where we're at now. If you wanna write me a, a check for a billion, I'll re like, You know.


Yeah. I never say never Bill Parcells. I reserve the right to change my mind. Do you have to sell a company to become super rich in America Or be in finance, like those finance guys who are trading Stock or private equity? Yeah. They, You know, when you buy for a little, You know, you get on the bar parts like Google or something like that. Netflix, Those guys, those guys. I mean, next level, but Yeah. Yeah. I Think you do. Can I ask you this? Why don't you Think you can be canceled? Because you said some pretty, you said some pretty, some pretty outlandish things. I if you back up, I I a couple. If, if you give people an inch, they'll take a mile. You can't apologize for things that you don't think you've really up or said bad things about.


Okay. Which I haven't really done. I stand by almost everything I've said. I think some things may be out of context misconstrued, but if you have a fan base that knows you, that truly knows you and mine does for like, they've been falling for 20 years, they'll su they'll have your back provided. You know, I don't think we've ever done anything outta hate outta misery, outta anything. You don't be, you don't feel that you've done anything maliciously. I know I haven't done anything maliciously. And again, I I, perfect example, and I know you're a Caitlyn Clark fan. I've seen it. I am, I live for Caitlyn Clark. I ignited to a degree, I wanna say the race aspect of Angel Reese versus Caitlyn.


I will go to my grave. There was no race bond. I watched the national championship, I bet on Iowa. I'm a Caitlyn Clark fan. I thought what Angel Reese did at the game was classless nothing to do with the color of his skin. I tweeted that and became a race. He's only said nothing to do with that. I will stand forever. And I think the way they acted for a long time where Caitlyn didn't say a word and she's taking bullets like they are coming at, that's not a racist issue to me, for whatever reason with me, like, Wal Gilly apologize for me. They're like, oh, we don't stand with Dave on that. Now they told me they were gonna do it right. But people, there's pressure outside. I will go to my grave. That's not, I'm never going to apologize for that because it wasn't malicious and I stand by it.


Right. And by the way, the biggest enemy is I got are white Roger de ga Peyton Manning in the heat of the rival. So it's like you can, I'm not gonna cater if the outside world's gonna take what I say and just be like, oh, this's a racist's. Not, I hate LeBron. You know why I hate LeBron? Whoa, Whoa, whoa. Fucking hate LeBron. We, we gotta part ways because You know what Celtics, LeBron were heated rivalry. You know, who hated LeBron more than I did? Kg Rondo All peace. Yeah. So, yes. I hate his guts. And that's a rivalry thing. So it is tough A lot of times though, like that, if I still show a pic, a video of Angel Reese, like air balling a layup.


Yeah. People will be like, that's because it's a race. Like, no, it's because I love Kaitlyn. I don't like her because they're rivals and that's sports. Do you think it was orchestrated? Do you think people actually right hit pieces or say things or do things to try to see you fail? Yes. A hundred percent. No doubt. I that that's not even, that's a fact. That is it gonna get dark tonight? Yes. Factual statement. I know that's a fact. But why, what, what is it, what is it that people get wrong about Dave Point North? I think people get a lot of things wrong. I, I think it, it, it, I call it as I see it, but I mean, I, I was the, I I would say the victim of a pretty aggressive smear campaign.


Like, well, a couple years ago, like Business Insider. And when you say, do I think it's a a, a coordinated attack? This is one we were part of Penn, two vicious hit pieces on me released the day before Penn's earnings. Like that, that, that's a hit piece, right? That's not, Hey, we really think, and I know the tactics went around reporting. I don't know, I, for that one, I thought maybe because I got involved in this GameStop, which like that stalk thing Yeah. And I was killing a lot of big wigs. So I, I have no idea. I think people get a little leery maybe of voices that they feel like they can't control. Like it's, Hey, we can't get this guy to say whatever. He's a loose cannon. Or I've offended people. I've said things like, I ran the owner of the Mets Steve Cohen off Twitter.


Like he, he deleted his account because I was hammering him during game time. A lot of people be like, that's the worst enemy you could ever want in a million billion years. We're we're past it. But who knows? I really don't know. I used to have, I could see people at, I've had a lot of enemies. Yeah. Do you have a PR team? No. No. Do you have a lot of friends? Yeah, all my friends. Yeah. All. I don't believe in pr. Pr I've, I've never, I don't want pr. Okay. P PR is telling the truth. I've seen you popping bottles in the pool with company. The people that came for you, they go down. Correct. Why do, why, why do you, why do you feel that you need to celebrate their demise?


Not, it's not Good enough. That's my personality. It's what fuels me. You know, Tom Brady's crying because he got passed over by six quarterbacks. I get fueled by people who have doubted me. Who, or more, more accurately for the bottles who have gone out of their way to create difficulties for us. The company. It's never, I don't want someone to like die, but I want their professional life to be Up. You want their professional life to die. Yeah. Yeah. Not, You know, I don't want you to die, literally, but I want you like, like Skipper's the perfect example. We had the bottle, we puffed it, he canceled. I you can cancel our show. Right. But to not call us Right. And be like, Hey, we're having a call. I found out on the tv, like, I found out a really, he never told us that to me.


It's like, all right, you're dead to me now. It's, that's how you're gonna treat this. We've been talking to you for a year and a half. Right. And you don't even tell us the show is canceled. Wow. How dirty can this business get? Is there a dirty business? Media? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I I think it's real dirty. But I mean, again, there's certain, I I did, You know, it was this kind of, this kind of way before you got really like deep into It. No. And I don't know as much as like the internal, our, I think our company is not overly like what goes on at an ESPN internal, I don't know. I've heard rumors. It's pretty dirty. But there's different elements of it. Like, I don't concern, I've, I ended up getting in like the politics realm a little bit.


That's a scary, dirty business, right? Like that's, I think a lot of the hate that comes my way. That's a hell of a lot dirtier than I think media. Right? I saw this, the situation going on with at Fox, skip Joy, this hair stylist, new Sheen. And you was like, the accused shouldn't listen to their lawyers. If I didn't do anything wrong, if I didn't say anything wrong, I'm gonna shout it from the tallest building I can. 'cause I want everybody to know I ain't have I, this is not me and I did not do what I'm being accused of doing. Yeah. I a hundred percent believe that. I've been accused of, I didn't do, and I mean, I went instantly because I knew I didn't do it. But I think a lot of times people are told, even our company, my lawyers would be like, don't say it.


It's like I, I'm not gonna perjure myself. Right. Because I'm telling the truth. Right. I think a lot of companies don't give a shit about their employees in that situation. Fox. I'm sure the lawyers are being like, don't say A word. Absolutely. Yeah. You're part of a lawsuit, bro. Yeah. And and guess what? They're not looking out for you. They don't go fuck about you. They care about Fox. So fuck. Absolutely. If, if you are innocent there, there's no friends, I would, I would scream it. But you also are like, Jason Whitlock came for you. So how do you feel about, He's a clown. Jason Whitlock's clown. Jason Whitlock is on the record as being, I love Dave Porton. Dave Porter is the best. He's this Jason Whitlock is a click chasing clown.


Oh really? You don't say Yeah. He is out there calling that girl. What'd he say? Big like butter, sugar, skin. Big Shit. Peanut butter skin with those, with that rack fan. In The next sentence he said That like He did. What are you talking about? Have you ever met him? Never. He, You know what? He's, he knows my name. He, he, he, You know, he's gotten me a couple times to his credit, but he's just fishing. He's taking his little pole. He is like, maybe it'll bite and I'll get some clicks. Right. I try to ignore it. I tell people, actually don't send me bad stuff about me. 'cause I have a hard time ignoring it. I don't even want to know it exists. But, but you do realize that when you do, when you, when you respond to people that take shots at you, you giving them content, they're lazy because they can't create content on their own.


So let, let, well, let me hope I can, he can feed Me. Yeah. And, and my achilles heel is I don't give a fuck on. It's like, it's like I know I'm being played here. I know he is getting clicks. But this guy, I mean, he is a clown. Your former Michael Rappaport Clown two. Damn. Are you friendly with him? He's a crazy person. I, You know, we go back and forth. I like Mike, You know, we, we con not any, I haven't talked to him since I left Fox, but You know, he, You know, he's LeBron. I like LeBron. He doesn't like LeBron. And so we go back and forth. We have healthy conversation, healthy banter. But I, I don't, like I said, I don't really know. We Had a huge falling out. So we had him, I thought he was super talented, right? Like with, he had this rant on draft pick of the Knicks, but we had a huge falling out.


He essentially, seriously said that all our fans were idiots and stupid. And I had to let him go. I was still friends with him at the like, I'm like, I'm sorry, we can't have you insulting our entire fan base. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And, and, and still work friendly. Right. Side Note, why would he say that He was in a fight with another one of our employees and, and it, it, it spiraled. So I woke up to this huge thing of him just killing our fan base. Well, Why did he just have, if he had an issue with the, the, the guy that worked in the company, why not take it out on the guy should have, what did the fans gotta do with this? Should Have, should have. He's, we would've never have been falling out. Then after that, he started coming at me, which I don't care.


He's like, You know, I wanna fight Dave. I actually sent, I can't even lift my shoulder. I sent him a contract to fight him in this boxing thing he had because he said, well do it, but fine all that talking. Right. And then he sued us. So he sued us for saying we defamed him. It's like, dude, you, you started the whole thing. So ended up in, I had to go to like a deposition for, it's crazy. He calls himself the king of talk and then he was suing us over talk. Wow. Crazy. Lemme ask you this. How have you been able to, to secure a major sponsorship brand when a lot of people boycotts like, look y'all with Barstool, y'all with Point? No. How have you been able to do that, Dave? I think that's shifted because we've come more, we've come fairly mainstream at this time.


And you look, it's like, well we had all this talent. That's one the entire media is moving our way. Like, I mean, I, again, I've heard the stuff you talk about on your show. It's not too different from anything we talk about. True on our show. True, true. So it's become more mainstream and we deliver. So you have those things and we do right. By our clients. Yeah. Like I remember what, I won't nevermind not telling you What Happened. No, no. I'm not telling no way This, I mean this is your opportunity. Nope. How do you decide who you partner with? Anybody that comes with a bag? No, no, it's not just that because it goes back to what you just said of we, we tell them, do You know who we are?


Do You know what Dave is? Do You know what he does? Pizza? Do You know PMT like be secure with what Barstool is Because we don't want somebody at the first sign of trouble who's like, what's going on here? We, because that is bad for them, bad for us. So we gotta find the right partners. There's a lot of them now. And again, it's crazy because I think we haven't done anything really. When you really look at what we've said and done and then look at other things that have been said, like, like Shaq with Angel Reese. When he is like, I wanna see her playing in her underwear and like running up that if I said that I'd be in jail. Oh Yeah, for sure. In jail. Are we gonna see more of these deals? We saw the Kelsey Brothers get this big deal. We saw call, call her.


Call your, call her daddy. Get, get this big deal. Rogan is the top of food chain. Yep. He just got another what? Quarter of a billion dollar deal. Yep. Are we gonna see more of these deals? Yeah, I think so. But you do. Yeah, I do. Yeah. You he's, yeah. I mean you're picking top of the food chain guys, right? Yeah. So super talented people. But alright, you just named three of the best. If you're like, who's the, the Vaughn is definitely up there. Yep. But there's only a handful. Handful. There's a handful. PMT, those people will, but in any business, if you take the absolute top of the top, yeah, they're still out there.


Right. Investment. Besides Barstool, what's been your best investment? You say you don't know anything about crypto. That seems to be the hot, that seems to be the hot investment vehicle right now. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta know what you're doing there. Most of my investments have failed outside of Barto. A high noon has been an unbelievable partnership. It's not really investment. Yeah. I'm not good at investing. Have you ever thought about making Barstool its own streaming service? Like a Netflix or an Amazon? Not so much in that. I don't, I mean, would you want to, like, would you wanna like have an NFL game or an NBA game or some type of sporting?


So we Did league, we, we tinkered with league rights. Like we had a bowl game before Snoop, the Arizona Bowl was ours. We did college basketball tournament. For me, our business model wildly expensive. Like to pay for those live rights and you better have some like, huge deals. So it's not something I'd see us doing anytime soon. What Have you learned most about money? Once you get it? It's easy to get a lot more. Is It? Yeah. Oh yeah. Like it took me 10 years to make anything. I I, if you're like, Hey Dave, you gotta go make an extra 5 million in the next week. I could do that. Like that. Damn. Hmm. Once you got it, it's, it, it, it's it. Once you get the over the hump, it's just, It comes, I remember the first time I saw it when I really got a lot, I even me, I was like, I, I spent five hours just talking about the interest I was getting on it.


I couldn't believe it. It's like I'm making money not doing it. It's just like, That's when you really making money when you sleeping. Yeah. When you're not working. Yeah. Yeah. And it's, it's the best deal. Your money, your money's working for you, although you're not working for it. Yeah. Yeah. But it one, one it took so long for us to turn the corner and make money, but once we got going, it, it, it, it goes What's your best and worst purchase? Are you, are you a car guy? You like extrapolating? I'm not a car guy. My, I, I go to some houses that I love. Right. I'm a horse guy. Okay. Horse. So yeah. Like what type of horse? Thoroughbreds. Okay. So I love you Racing. You, you try to get to the derby. I, I wish so I'm poor for that world. Yeah. Like I'm rich from 99.9%. Yeah. Horse. No, I'm still poor guy.


So it's really hard for me to compete. I know. Ba Bob Baffert personally, I can get you in touch. I know, I know, I know Bob. I, he, he is gonna, he's gonna need the money to get the horses. So I, but I, my houses, I got a Nantucket house. That's my dream house. The one 42 million that you Yeah. Richest house in Massachusetts. History. That's my, that's, I grew up going like, so my star Barstool, I would go there for a day. Right. Couldn't even get a hotel. It's an expensive place. Barstool as it was going, I'd go for a weekend, for a week, for a month. Finally bought a little place and then I bought like my dream house. So that's your, that's your primary residence in Nantucket? No, primary is Miami, Texas. Ah, yeah. Yeah. Doing the tax thing. I don't blame you.


Yeah. You gotta, so you gotta Miami, you like, you like overlook the water. So you are a water guy. 'cause Nantucket's on, I, I I like to be on the water, but not on the water. Okay. Like, I don't wanna be on a boat. Right. And I don't wanna be on the water. Yeah. Wow. Houses, let's see, I just read that and I'm a gambling. I I like to bet. Really? Oh yeah. Yeah. Because you just bet a million dollars on something. The Bills to win the Super Bowl. I made a million on Trump coin in like six hours. Right. And I like, all right, I made a million on this crypto coin. Free bet. Free roll. Put it on, put it on the bills. So that was tough. Are you, are you friends with Dana? Dana White. Yeah. Because he gambles too. Y'all go gamble.


Nah, he gambles me into a, into like, like he's sitting at the tables. Yeah. Playing it. So You don't play tables, you just gamble over sports? Not Daily like that. I, I much prefer sports. Okay. Yeah. Like, I mean, last night I'll bet college hoops I'll, I'll bet. Yeah. What's what's, what's the most you won in a single, Single bet? I probably, I had last year, I think I won 2.6 million on Yukon to win the national title. I want to I bet straight a million. I'm Michigan guy. Bet them on the Rose Bowl. I went, I got hot at the beginning of last year. Yeah. I think the Yukon's the single biggest that I won. So when you win a bet, so like, you're like, okay, if I win this bet, do you like, if I win this bet I'm gonna go buy this or you just gonna take it and like bet, bet, bet something else.


Keep Rolling. Buy a horse. Keep betting on sports. Yeah. I'm not, I'm not a per outside of houses. Right. I don't really have extravagant. So You don't like a car, you're not an old school car. Like maybe a, a 68 or a Shey Surveil or a Cuda, something like that. I I have a, I have a seventies remade Bronco. The ones that they like remake from scratch. Yeah. Yeah. I have one of those. So I do like the old cars and they're good island cars for Nantucket. Right. But I'm not like a gearhead. Like if the thing breaks down, I'm, what's this next, what's that look? Hmm. Your dad called you a legitimate degenerate. Yeah. He yelled at him for that. He, you like, you, you take care of him, right? Yeah, Of course I do. And he call you that.


Not only did he call me that he, they, the New York Times was writing a hit piece on me, used his quote against me and like the New York Times. Like he Contributed. Yeah. He didn't even, he did this article. He, he felt really bad about that. But I've gambled, my dad used to take me as a horse racing. It was a documentary we made. Right. And he was talking about me and they took his quotes and then I'm like, I call him like, Hey, just so You know, the New York Times is using you as the lead witness on why I should be banned from gambling. So yeah, that was, I wasn't happy about that. At what age did you start gambling? You say your dad took you to the track? I Would go to the horses and, and, and, and bet with him as a kid. Go to Saratoga. Right. So I was always interested like sports.


I always loved it. Right. Yeah. So you, you, you, you like betting the ponies Love, love. So you still, you still bet the ponies like that now? I love It. Yeah. Yeah. I, I just bought like a horse, couple horses. So yeah. I love it. I absolutely love it. I love the animals. I love it. Like I have a house near Saratoga Racetrack, walk over feed the, I love all of it. They eat a lot. Yeah. Secretariat and Joe Blow cost the same amount of money. That's what Says Hay is hay. So they're expensive. Hello. When you first started Ball Stool, you, you filed bankruptcy protection after losing 30 k. Yeah, That was my dad. Did. Did you, did you think that you could bounce back? Because I had a, a lot of people, you're not the first.


I mean, you're not gonna be the last that's filed bankruptcy and were able to bounce back. Yeah. I wasn't even bounce it back. My dad again is an attorney. Right. So I had, when I started Bar Stool, like shuffling around doing everyth everything, he's like, You know, you can get rid of this. I, I, I swear I asked him a hundred. I'm like, well this come back to bite me ass. He game the system. He's like, do it. Right. I mean 30 grand a lot, but not a lot. Right. In hindsight, I would never advise that to do it. And I think they actually changed the laws. He's like, they're gonna change that. So. Right. Yeah. That was also in the New York Times. How'd You, how do you get a 60,000 credit card that day? Six. Well, no, if he denied I had like 10 different credit cards. What the hell were you buying?


I Was starting the bus. I was putting. Oh, okay. Okay. You were putting everything on the credit card. I was, I was just moving everything around. Yeah. And you owed your dad 18. Yeah. Would you'd have paid them back tenfold. Fact, my dad's got a, my dad's got his apartment they got in Florida and Yeah. They're taking care of, Is it really hard to start a business from scratch? Super hard. I mean, the thing about parcel is the only thing I've ever done. And it became successful. Right. I always thought it would, but yeah. 95% of business probably fail. Again, I, I always believe we would. But that doesn't, I may have just been that again, a lot of luck involved in the right place. Or a time You ever had a tax lien placed on no business lesson.


What's your biggest business lesson? That if you could teach someone, like what would you tell 'em? What was some of the first things starting a business? Don't listen to other people. I, there, there's so much people who talk about doing stuff and just do it. And that's not really a business lesson, but it's, you write a business plan, you do this, you're talking, you're trying to do all, just do it. Like kind of get into it Right. And figure out where it goes. What about Hawk Toy Girl? I mean she came out, she, she had her moments of Fame and then she come out with this coin and then they get it and then boom. I would've bet my life I was not getting a hawk to a question during this incident. I did not see a hawk to it. How do you scam people outta in, in cryptocurrency?


So the way I understand it, 'cause I knew you would understand Someone like Hawk Tua. Yeah. Can't do this herself. Right. Even if she wanted to, she needs other people. And like if I want to launch a coin, which I've looked, you need other people to do it. A lot of these people are shady. They have the controls. Tua didn't have the controls. Right. They're telling her he can make this money, he can do that. And once it goes, these people basically pull the escape latch and no one knows who these people are. And Tu is sitting there Like she's the face of it and they're like, yeah, yeah. Well we we don't know them. We got you. Yeah, Exactly. So I think that happens to a lot of these And there's been no successful celebrity coin launch. You could argue Trump's has been successful because it's still there.


You can still trade it. But like Logan Paul had a bad one. This hawk clearly was bad. What's his name? The fighter did one the other day. He may have intentionally Ryan Garcia. Right? I don't, I don't know if he intentionally did it. He deleted. So none of 'em have been on the up and up. You was married, would you do it again? I'd have to know it was dead ass. Right. Like, and I don't know how I would know. How do You know? I don't Know how I know. So I, that's why it's hard for me to answer. What Did you learn from, what did you learn during that marriage about Yourself? She's still my best friend. Like, we get along Better as friends than In a relationship. Yeah. But she was with me at the beginning of this company and like, if she called me right now, it's like, I need you.


I'd be there. Like we're we're, it just didn't work as a marriage. How's the dating life for Dave Port Noy right now? So I'm talking to a girl. I went through a wild stage kind of like, 'cause when I started and I was married, no one knew who I was. Like girls weren't exactly available to me. Had no money, no future, no career. Then you become famous. That kind of changes the game a little bit, You know, a lot more options. So, and I was no longer married, so I, I went through a, a pretty crazy time I would say. But now not nearly. I don't even like going out anymore. Hold on. Is it true your ex-wife have access to your bank account? Yeah. I told you I trust her implicitly. I beg your pardon. Implicitly. I trust her. If she wanted to take it, she could.


There's very few people that you meet where you can trust implicitly. And to be honest, she was there when we were living at the in-laws house. She was there when we couldn't afford a hamburger. Right. She was there through the grind. She, to me, just like we, we kind of separated when we started making it. Right. So she doesn't get to enjoy any of that. Right. To me, that's not right. Wow. Hey that I'm a loyalty guy. You are a boy. You woo you long to the song. For real. Yeah. I don't know too many people too in that I know it Surprises people, but she could, if she wanted to do something with it. Right. She could've done it A long time ago, Bill Gates said he regrets getting a divorce and you said that she's your best friend now. Do you regret getting divorced or this is the best thing that could have happened?


I think was the best thing. Yeah. Wow. I think Bill Gates' wife also like dragged him over the coals. Oh I think he, I think she did. I mean I, I I think she Said some nasty about him too. Yeah, I think, I think what he said he probably shouldn't have been as close as he was to Epstein and some things like that. You can't go wrong with asking. That's a pretty, pretty good thing to say. Yeah. That's, that's a statement you should wish. I should have stayed away from him. But I tell you what, Tom Brady ex-wife having a kid. I know. Do you, lemme ask you a question. Do you think that bothered him? Yes. He posted that cryptic Instagram message. Like a sunset or some Yeah, I think it bothered him.


And it like they knew each other, didn't they? Yeah. Because that was her like a trainer when they were together. Yeah. Yeah. So Tom is probably thinking in the back of my mind when I'm on it and I'm studying and I'm away. I think that's why he still posts like the shirtless photos and all That, You know, shit. Yeah. He's letting the world know he is still out there. He has to. Damn. But I'm sure, I think it does bother him. But lemme ask you, lemme ask you this. If your ex-wife, is she married? She remarried. I Think they, yeah, they just had a kid. Your ex-wife. Oh no. I thought it was breaking. No, I'm talking about No, your ex-wife. If your ex-wife. No, She, she's dating somebody boyfriend. Are you cool with that? Yeah. I want her to be happy. It's true, true question. Well, did I, she got She can't get no more access, Dave. She gotta gotta cut off.


Cut her cut off. Cut a off. I, I won't even notice if it's gone. You mean to tell me? She might, she might. I Mean, if she takes It all, no, no, no, no. But she might take like, You know what, I'm gonna have this, I'm gonna have this extravagant wedding. I'm gonna spend, You know, half a million on a wedding You cool with? Yes. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. Lord have mercy. You want kids? No, I hate kids. I do. I hate kids. I have no interest in kids right now. None. Really? I hate Kids. You don't? You don't want a little Dave. A little Dave. No. A little point. No. Junior. No. I hate, I I'm a dog guy. I hate kids.


Don't like being around them. Don't like 'em. Don't think they're cute. Don't want to hear about 'em. What about your upbringing? You have a, you have a, a pleasant upbringing. Yeah. How was it? Yeah, super. It says middle class upbringing, little suburb outside of Boston. One sister very as blah normal for like a, a white middle class kid as you could ever have You played football, baseball. You played baseball. Baseball, yeah. Football. I have a bumed shoulder and need like replacement. But yeah, I was pretty good at baseball. You go to college? Yeah. You go to baseball scholarship? No. I thought I could walk on at Michigan. Couldn't. Okay. Didn't even come close. They Were really good. It wasn't that they were really good. They just didn't do like real tryouts to be honest. Okay. It was like, like that.


It's like, hey, take three swings. They took no walk-ons. So there was nobody who made the team. Wow. You were diagnosed with skin cancer and had it surgically removed from your neck. Did you, did You know, I mean, did was it a spot or something? Did you feel? I'm always in the sun. Okay. Always. So I just started doing the routine checkups, which everyone should do. They found a little dot I would've never known right when they cut it out. You do sunscreen now? Little bit. But You know, even the, I like the sun. Let's just say that I like tan. If can't, if you can't tone it t it You were against a TikTok band. I was. Why? Because I think there's so many small businesses and creators who are earning a living.


I think the people are talking about and have no idea what's going on social media. Right. And if you are building something and that's your primary platform, you've been building it now for years. Yes. And you just get ripped away. Like, you can't just be like, all right, I'm gonna Instagram, I'm gonna, that's not how it works. No. So to just rip that many livelihoods away or or advertising agencies without a plan, that that really bothered Me. Do you believe it was political? Yeah. Yeah. I mean I don't get the China, I, it's all China, but everything's political and posturing and things like that. I don't really get the spy, I mean I don't get where they're learning from it. But it was really the small businesses. Are you okay with these billionaires, these big companies trying to particularly buy TikTok?


You control a lot. You control media man. You definitely control the media. And Trump has it. If you look, you got the Amazon, he goes Zuckerberg all. So I get that concern And, and and he got X. Yeah. So I get that. But I would, I would say times are always shifting and people like the left definitely were controlling New York Times and the Washington Post and NB, C and C. So a lot of that you, I, and this is maybe unfair, but I would hope that no one vehicle shapes somebody's opinion. Like if I see something and I'm like, what the, hopefully you go research it on your own. Right. And you can make your own decision. But it is a concern. Right.


Brady Mahomes, if Mahomes wins a three p, does he pass Brady as the goat? No. And and it's an easy answer now that you can say that's the best team because they won three. But we have the benefit of them meeting head to head in the Super Bowl in Tampa Bay. Brady won Right? A FC championship at Kansas City. Brady won. Right. So you gotta, if they played and, and Brady's at the end of his career still beat him. So I don't know how he can now he keeps, he wins seven in a row. Different story. No, not yet. Lemme ask you this. You are Taylor, Taylor Swift fan. You're a Swifty. So you rooting for the Chiefs and Kelsey? No I'm not. 'cause I told you Taylor Juan asked, I didn't know Patrick Mahomes hated Barstool, but he does.


He does. Yeah. I found that out today. Taylor, Juan at me media session asked if Mahomes would do an interview with Bussin that they're leaving. He, he's like, now, now that we're leaving Barstool, will you do an interview with us? He's like, yeah, that helped. So I didn't know he hated us. So now I don't like him. Wow. What made you defend Taylor Swift against when Kanye and Kanye? Kanye, Kanye is a piece of Kanye's an absolute piece of, I don't get people out to defend him. I, You know what I noticed people that you don't like, there is no misinterpretation of where you stand on these people. Yeah. I I think Kanye gets one of the great free passes of all time. Now I'm Jewish, he hates Jews, loves Hitler. So you're not gonna be my cup of tea. Like if you're going around me, like I, I like what Hitler did.


It's like, well I don't like you. Right. So what he did at the Grammys the first time when he stole her award, this is a 17-year-old girl. Yeah. I don't know what his problem, he thought someone else should win. You have no problem with her. Right. This girl's 17, you're stealing it. And then after that they edit a phone call. They edited a phone call her and Kim Kardashian of Taylor. When the, I wanna, what was I wanna sleep. He put In a song. Yeah, he put in a song. Yeah. And, and they say we asked, we called her. She said it's fine. They put out an edited voicemail that made it and they recorded her. That made it sound like she agreed Taylor the whole time. I didn't, that's not how it went. I didn't say that.


Years later the actual voicemail unedited comes out. Everything Taylor said was the truth. Everything they said a lie was a lie. That drives me crazy. And and it did affect her. She didn't leave her house for like a year. 'cause all Kanye fans are trashing her. So I, I'm a big, like, truth straightforward, it resonated with people trying to smear a name. So that made me start liking and then I got into the music. But yeah, that's how it, that's that. And she wrote you a handwritten letter? She did. I went to the concert. Her brother tapped me on the shoulder, handwritten letter and the letter essentially said, and a lot of people would think these are two people who are not gonna be friendly or aligned. Correct. But it basically said to the effect, we appreciate the sport.


And I think we kind of see similar on when people say things about you that you stand by and don't think was true. I hugged her mother. So I think she appreciated the sport because Connie is huge. Right? He's, I sometimes I don't think, and people have said about me the influence he wield, but I, he says cra like what he did the other day at, what'd you think of what he did at the Grammy's with the naked girlfriend? Cliques? Yeah. He got what he wanted. I mean he, my woman is the, my wife is the most, what is it? What was it? Googled? Googled? Yeah. If I, if I walked into the Grammys and I, and I shot somebody, they're gonna Google me. Yes. Like that. Like there's shock value. I I, yeah. I I don't, I don't get, I I I don't get him either. Your Patriots, we know you're a Patriots fan.


Huge j Jerod Mayo, he gets one year four and 13 and they come on, they bring variable back. What do you think about that firing? I know, I don't know if you're a craft fan or not. I am. I mean, it's tough because I think, I don't know if you can say two things can be true. Mayo got screwed. Yeah. I don't know how you can give a guy one year and how he can be your guy. I the team sucked before he got there. Yes. What were you Expecting? So you let, you let Belichick go. Correct. And by the way, they were bad with Belichick at the end of his tenure. Correct. Horrible. So I don't know what people are expecting. And to me it's like you got your quarterback Drake May who I think Everyone's like, great. Yes. I Think you gonna be real. So You, you got a structure.


I love Rayle as a coach. So it, it, it like, I I'm glad they, I would've been okay either way, but it's like, well Abel's probably not gonna be there if You don't get him this year. No, He's Not. Right. So I love Vrabel as our coach. Having said that, if I was drug mayo, I'd be pissed and he got screwed. I know you are a big, you're a self, you are all things Boston. And I know you're a big Jason Tatum fan. Yes. Because you were upset about Steve Cur not playing him at the Olympic. You still still about that and, and you're upset about Brandon Jennings calling him the softest Boston Celtics superstar ever. Yeah. I mean, listen, he takes a lot of heat. I don't know what they, why I, I don't know what they want. What do they want from the guy? Like you just want a world championship.


I think by they're, I'd be stunned if they don't repeat. They're loaded. They're good. I don't, I don't know what the hell they want from the guy. I don't know why he didn't play in the Olympics. Right. You think he's a top five Celtic? Oof. That's such a tough, obviously Bill Russell, Larry Bird cozy. Yeah. Yeah. He's getting there. There's but You got Paul Pierce, Paul Pear, mha. I Think you got a potato above those tough. We got so many greats. And I could be forget because I Think the thing is, is like, okay, he didn't MVP only Pierce only got one.


Yeah. And Tatum still got a lot. Yeah, he's young. I think Tatum's what, 26? Yeah. So right now, maybe I take Pierce, right? But I mean, if he wins this year, I'm a big championship guy. What about the Lakers getting Luca? You upset about that? Huh? No, I'm not upset. That was crazy and absolutely crazy move. I mean, nobody I think really knows, Nobody knows how to, but, And, and, and I, I mean, I don't know how LeBron and and him are gonna coexist necessarily. It's like they have no ri protector. So it doesn't, the craziest part is they didn't shop 'em. That to me makes no sense from what you've read. It's like they were just sending him to the Lakers Crazy, Bro. And if you had a, you don't like kids, but let's just say for the sake of argument, and you had a kid, and You know what, and you, you're doing what you're doing now, would you like do everything you can to kind of steer your kid in the profession that you're in?


Or you let him chart his own path? I'd let him do his own thing. Like I, I, I actually, I feel bad for Bronny right now. I think it's crazy that he's on that team and the attention he is getting and You know, it's one of my all time LeBron takes. He's like, he, he said he wants to kinda like, he felt bad putting all the pressure on him, but you named Bronny Jr. And you put 'em on the Lakers. It's like you're putting 'em in a pretty big spotlight. Hot red Spotlight, the wolverines the quarterback, $12 million. Underwood Underwood. And you chipped in. So I got involved in this in one of the craziest NIL stories. Yeah. Well, yeah, we wanna hear this one. So I'm Michigan guy and now I'm not, not a firm believer.


I'm not like a Michigan's a rich school. They didn't give a fuck about me until I start getting money. I root for 'em. Right. But you start getting money and suddenly the phone's ringing. And I Alumni dude, your alumni dude is a new Dave. Yeah, Right, exactly. It's like, hey, I see you love Michigan, but the NIL stuff starts happening and, and I get a call or, or it's like, hey, this person wants to talk to you. Right. And it was a, a woman's name. I had never heard of Jolan. I think Jolan Jolan. I'm like, so I'm not, I'm not, I don't wanna deal with the alumni. I don't wanna deal with any of this. Like, I'm not into it. Well, her, her husband I is the Oracle guy. Larry too. Larry Allison. Oh yeah. I'll take that call.


Like, so Larry's gonna be on the call. All right. I I mean a legend like second richest guy on earth. So Jolen went to Michigan. Big Michigan fan. Right. Larry Ellison, suddenly big Michigan fan. And they're, they're what they were waiting for. I said on a podcast, I was so mad after Michigan lost, I'm like this, I will buy us a quarterback. I'll do 3 million, I'll find us a quarterback. We're never gonna have no quarterback again. Yeah. That provoked Joel. And she's like, aha, someone else cares about Michigan as much as I do. That's how the conversation started. Okay. They're like, we're recruiting this kid, Bryce Underwood. I already knew about him because people told me. Right. He went to school 20 minutes north. Right.


Because he is going to LSU. Yep. Two days later we're on a phone call with Larry Ellison, myself, Michigan in the Underwoods. It's like out of a movie and we're pitching this kid, it, it, it literally, it's like, what world am I in? I could tell that no one, this was all my interpretation about the money. I didn't kick in anything. I'm getting credit for it. Larry Ellison, they bought the quarterback. It woulda it just crazy world of NIL. So you, so how much did the kid get direct deposited immediately? I, that dunno. Probably a decent amount. I think. I think LSU just couldn't, I mean, how can anyone can compete with No, They couldn't Larry compete with that. And he is, he's a monster.


Wow. It's a crazy world to NIL. But do you ever get, do you ever think like, okay, you invest all this money in the kid and it doesn't pan out? I guess that's the chance you take with an NFL player. Yeah. The guy. You pay a guy a big, a ton of money. Yeah. Good thing about Larry Ellison. He can, he can cycle through. Yeah. Yeah. $12 million. Yeah. Would you worth 200 billion, I mean 12 billion. You are not even missing that. You don't even know it's going outta your account. Infinity Money Has the big 10 surpassed the SEC as the top conference. That's no doubter. I think, I think once NIL came Leveled the playing field. Yeah, because They were already paying them. Now everyone's paying them. I mean that's exactly what happened. What did you, what did you get a degree in at University of Education?


I couldn't pass, so I went to Michigan. Weird. I got into, I applied to the liberal arts, just the general program got denied. They wrote back a letter, we think you'd be a good nurse. I dunno why they Said a nurse. Nurse. How did apply as liberal, how do you get liberal arts go from nursing to Liberal? They, they must've needed male nurses. And, and by the way, I pass out of the sight of blood, so I don't know where they got that. My sister was in school. I called, she went to Michigan. Yes. Said if I go as a nurse, can I transfer to the liberal arts? She said, yeah, went to liberal arts, couldn't pass my Spanish requirement. Education school, no Spanish. So I was just kind of scheming my way to get my degree. So I had an education degree That you never used. Never used, never had an intention to use. The first company you started before Barstool, you started a company that matched student athletes with college recruiters.


It was called Next Step scouting. Yep. So you, you kind of, I never started that. That was one of my ideas. That was one of your ideas. So the, and this is internet 1.0. Okay. So you have athletes, not division one. These guys aren't going pro the concept. That was a D three guy coach still wants to win, help them recruit because they don't have the budgets and connect using the internet low, like lower level athletes with D three schools, D two, that was the concept. You spent 2000 developing the software. Yeah. But it didn't happen. No. It was one of the ideas that Yeah, at that point I was working at a little software and I paid a couple of the engineers on the side to build it. Well, when you graduated college, you worked at an IT market research firm making a hundred KA year and you weren't happy right outta college.


When I would graduate college, the economy was booming. I was happy with that. Okay. I didn't like the job. So I, when I got that job, the economy booming.com era. Yeah. It flipped. Yeah. One day I went to work, half the people fired. I was like, oh, this is, this is we. But no, I thought a hundred grand was more money than God at that point. Yeah. I was very happy with the salary. So what would sales pitch? What would, what would you, I mean, what was your pitch? To who, What have you. Because you are a good salesman because you, you convince, like when people come work at Barstool, you convince them that with us in your corner you can, I think they trust me. I think my sales pitch is trust. Even when I was selling that some, You know, you have salesmen who give you snake oil salesman vibes and you're like, I don't trust what this guy is.


I think most people after they meet me, even if they don't like me, they're like, I think he's telling the truth. Right. To what? And that goes a long way with selling anything. How long do you work at this company? Five, six years. So you do you have a nice little nest egg that you're like, I I'm done with this, I'm gonna do something else. Yeah, that's, I used that to start Barstool. Okay. That went into the cost of starting Bartol Target audience. So lemme ask you a question. Like when you started Barstool, you, like, did you have an idea of the type of, of the audience that you were looking to, to get? The early premise was sports media in Boston was so stuck up and actually like rooted against the teams.


Like they seem to revel in the failures of the hometown team. Right? Like we have a very famous Red Sox guy, Dan Shaughnessy. He rooted against the Red Sox and the thought was, and it's a little bit about the Bill Simmons one he saw was like, there's a place for a fan's voice. And that's always sort of what we've been, we may not be right. We're not trying to, like, we're not in the locker room, we're speaking as fans. I think that was the early kind of concept. What do you mean by the common man? For the common man? Exactly. That it's like, these are actual fans talking to fans. These are normal people. It's how you talk at a bar to your buddy Bar stool no matter what. When you think of Bar Stool and think of you, you always, it doesn't matter.


Right? Alex Cooper is who she is. P Mac is who he is. Busted with the boys. Those guys, you're you. Right? That's good and bad. It's good and bad because dude, Dude, sometimes they feel like you overshadowed them. Yeah. Not only overshadow, I may speak for that. Like, I, like, if I'm speaking my mind, that doesn't mean we're a super diverse weirdo group of people. I think sometimes when you come into the office, you're like, holy shit, this is what's here. But if I'm saying something, if I'm, when I interview Donald Trump, that doesn't mean Everybody in the company likes Donald Trump.


Correct. Or you, you're speaking for them. Yes. And that I wish wasn't the case. Okay. That is always the case. So that's just the nature of the beast You ran for Mayor of Boston? I did. What the hell? So we, we used to throw these little concerts. Okay. And I was very unhappy with the way the city was treating us. Like they, they unfairly in my mind and very anti-business, very anti nightlife. So I was like, I'm gonna run, run for, and I thought I could win because at the time we were pretty big. I'm like, I'm gonna go register all these college kids. Yeah. They're gonna vote for me. Right. Because you can legally do that. They rigged it. So I didn't get on the ballot. It, my first introduction, a true rigging. Like you had to basically get, I think 12,000 signatures, right?


To be on the ballot. Right. They had to be registered voters and you had to be able to read the handwriting. I paid a legit, like, signature company that did this for li They went, got 20,000 signatures. Guess how many they threw out? 9,000. 9,000. Can't read it. Can't do it. There's no way that they just kept me off the ballot. In hindsight, probably happy. Right? But It was, what type of mayor would you have been? It pro date porn, like whatever, whatever was in the best interest of Barstool. But you raised 40 during the pandemic, you raised $41 million from small businesses. What made you do that? So small businesses definitely probably because of Barstool.


Something I'm passionate about because I know what goes into it. So I actually, who was the guy he did, maybe did the prophet, Kevin Laman. He's like the out is he He's a he's a big entrepreneur guy. Okay. So I was ranting and raving about the shutdowns being like, you gotta let businesses, if they want to stay open, it's up to them. People know the risk if someone wants to. So I was ranting. He tweeted at me, Hey, big mouth, why don't you do something about it? It's like, all right, that's a fair point. So I put 500 grand into a fund and I said, we're going to give this out to small businesses. Here's what I wanna see from you. I wanna see that you were running a profitable business before the Covid.


Like the only reason it stopped is you had to shut your doors. But you have a proven track record and I wanna see you're still paying your employees. And if you can do that, we will pay your bills as best we can till you can open again. Right. And the first money we gave away, I FaceTimed the person like we told, submitted, and I'm recording. And the reactions like very emotional, like, you're saving our livelihood. People saw that the money started flowing in so fast. We couldn't get, like, we were getting millions every day. And it, it probably saved about, I think 500 small businesses. And it's definitely the most meaningful thing we've done. It was why, and unlike the government, like we were, we get the money in, we talked to somebody, the money would be in their bank account in 24 hours.


No, we get the bills. And in some of these small businesses, then they were giving the money back. They're like, we don't need anymore. We want refund help. It was, it's a lot. It, it was not on purpose. It was kind of like the spur of the moment thing. But it, it, it means a lot. You ran for mayor. Would you run for, would you run for president? I no. I, I Don't El Pate. Yeah. I The hate that you get from politics, You Nothing. Nothing. I, it, it, it, I think politic. I think politics is, has surpassed religion honestly. It, it's nuts. It's like Gladiator one, gladiator two was the worst movie I've ever seen. The Gladiator won. When they asked Maximus, they're like, you gotta be the emperor of Rome. He's like, I don't want it. And the guy's like, that's why you have to do it. I don't know who would ever willingly Do it.


Right. Do you have, when you went into business, do you have any mentors? Yeah, Mike Otley is the guy. He started Vitamin Water. Okay. He started Body Armor, sold both billions. I've leaned on him for quite a bit of advice. Okay. He's probably the most, he's probably the most that I've used. And he, he's been great. Yeah. What's the best advice you received? Everything's so different. I, I, I don't know if there's any piece of advice. That's really one. It's, Yeah. Yeah. I, I can't think of something. There is no magic trick. There is nothing. And what worked for me may not work for you. Right. And it is different time, different place, different people.


Right. You a foodie, gimme your top five fast food restaurants, Fast food. Yes. What level are we going fast? Is McDonald's and five guys the same thing? I'll let you pick. I mean, we ain't gotta do, I meant Wendy's for the burger category is definitely my favorite of the burgers. Okay. Wendy Burger. I, I like Chick-fil-A a lot. The ch the sandwich, the waffle fries, the lemonade. I, I'll go with the nuggets and the waffle fries. Okay. Top five. I'm not a big fast food guy anymore because I get sick when I eat. I'm too old. You going out with the guy. If the guy, if you and, and five of your friends are going out to eat, where y'all going?


Nice restaurant. Nice. Huh? Yeah. Like I'll hunt around here and be like, where's, where's Yeah. I love eating. Okay. Like, I, I don't know how all these people, the older people do ozempic. Like, it's like, what are you doing? Like, why do you care what you look like? You know, you can't eat. It's crazy. You call yourself a a pizza aficionado. What is it about pizza? Boston got good pizza. Maybe. I'm, Yeah, it does, it does. Well it, it, It, because normally I hear about New New York and Chicago. I'm gonna humbly say I'm the number one food critic in the world. Okay. For pizza. But I can influence pizza more than anybody can influence anything else. And it started as a bit with me and Dan from, pardon my take. We said, if you could eat one food the rest of your life, what would it be?


He said, burritos. I said, pizza. We did it for a month. Just ate it. People start asking, Hey, is it ain't good? I'm eating the pizza. I just score it and it just, it caught on. So for 10 years straight, every Monday through Friday, I've tried a new place. The pizza, does it have to be like a, a famous chain or are you going to some of these offbeat? I've done 'em all. Okay. I, I, like in New York, I just smile around the office here. Like, I've already done five pizza reviews. Everywhere I go, I'm finding the pizza and eating it. What's your favorite pizza? You want me to tell you the truth? I, yeah. Pizza Hut. You know what I, now that could be a race thing because Wall Wallo and Gil also had like a ridiculous, they were like Domina.


It's like crazy. How, Yeah. Have you had good pizza? I I, I'm, I'm, I'm a thin Chris guy. I don't want that. I want that stuffed crust. I just want thin pizza. And I grew up, that's what we had because pizza used to have what they call buffet. And so for like 5 99, you could go eat on a Tuesday night, you could eat as much pizza as you wanted. And so they had, You know, I'm, I'm simple, You know, cheese ground, ground beef, and I'm good. That's really the only thing that I really wanted on my pizza. And so we would go and I eat like 13, 14 slices and I was good. So that was really cool. I mean, I Do, I like, like Pu Gino's and shit growing up. I, I mean I, it it just, But we didn't have like, I, I don't Remember. So you haven't had it, you haven't had good pizza? No, I, I've, It'll blow your mind. You should have good pizza. When I grew up there, I don't, I don't remember Little Caesars and Domino's weren't local, but because like, those Are all trash, they're all changed.


Like, you can't, you gotta go to a place where the owner is in there making and they've had it for 40, 50 years. Like, yeah. But see obviously I What do, what do you get on your pizza? I'm a, well, I, if I'm I the clock, I'll do pepper, onions, otherwise cheese. Yeah. See, I'm, but it doesn't matter. I'm telling it, it, I feel like I'm in a crazy town. Like there's great, just like any food, there's great food and like, the best burger in the world can't be McDonald's. Nah. I mean, I, I, when I go to McDonald's, I eat the nuggets, But the best chicken in the world isn't at McDonald's.


Nah. You know what, You know who got some good fried chicken? Publix I rock with, they think that baby be five. I I I know people talk highly the pub sub. See that's crazy to me. Now They're not chefs in, they're making it. You have profe. I, I don't know what to, I don't know what to do with it. I mean, there's great, it's just somebody take this guy next time he is in New York to like, John's a Bleecker or something. Nah, I'm, I'm like, if I go out to eat, I'm probably gonna go to a steak place. Okay. So would you say a steak at what's, what's what I like, I go to Steak 48.


I go to a Mastros. I go to, I've been to Peter Luger. I've been a, You know, that's teams. So if they serve steak at McDonald's, would you say that compares to one of those places? No. No. It's the same thing with Anyt food. I Think you word for it. They point No you got anything. You, you promoting anything. You got any shoes, new, new shows coming out? You gotta, you selling any new t-shirts? No, we're good. We're, I appreciate you having me on. I appreciate you being on. How long did we go? I always judge that. I didn't know you were the Two, two hours. So Is that short About average you Right, right. And I did the research, see? Yeah. Yeah. That's how I Judged. You know, I was, You know, I was, I actually, I was interviewing you. Potential workplace. Yeah. Yeah. You don't have a gambling deal.


A top five Celtic. Can we get your top five Celtics? Yeah. All right. So I gave some it, it, it is definitely, You gave Russell and, and Birdwood for for Sure Russell and Bird for Kg. No, he didn't say KG about Peter's Thing. It's, it, it is not Kg. I love, he's maybe my favorite Celtic, but Cozy. Cozy. How? Check Pierce. Yeah. Pierce and Pierce and Howel check wi and You know, the two that have a chance are Brown and, and Tatum, if they keep winning, what, how many championships do you have to get?


I mean, You're probably gonna have to get three. Yeah. So I mean, I love Pearcy has won and I love him. He has won Yeah. Different eras because Like EK has 10 and I think he's like a 10 time all NB. Yeah. Right. So it's gonna be, it's, it is gonna be very interesting. Appreciate you my man. You too. Thank you for having me. All my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, Pedro Price. Want, slice. Got the bro. Dice the swat. All my life, I grinding All my life, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, slice.


All. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.