
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPG tool winner and sixth time Lady European tool winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. And We've got a podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Keira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, an IHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your Podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole Swindell. Samone Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


The Volume. Alright, we back at the episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Same gang with me to my left. I got my dog Bishop be he out the pearls. How you what nasty what's happening Ken folks? Good day. Good day today. What? Sure my boy got the trapper suit on today. You know what I'm saying? Oh yeah. Little workflow outfit man. It ain't shit. I ain't spin a hundred on Ghost on golf. Nah it ain't you ain't talking about me. I see Chain. Oh it is fake shop at your local Claire's Indy Mall in any city getting a busted out from Claire's crazy.


A Cuban clear? Yeah. Yeah. So you got that? Did you get your, did you go get your ankle? No, I'm not sure. He ain't spend hundred on gold. Hey freaky Mike. Bur had just passed. He was supposed to but bust down the ankle. I tried. What happened? I went, they gave me a price and I was like, yeah, soon as five 20 gave my raise I'll be back. What was it like? I asked if They had lay way. They said no What you want? This was like six K. Nah, it's like 14. For what? For what ankle? It? No, I'm saying yeah, I'm saying but what type of gold or what Rose Gold? Yeah there were GIA certified Diamond. He giving you a thick boy millimeter. I thought boy is crazy.


Your birthdays I was just, yeah, thick boy. Pound cake. Say Drake. Oh that's no, that's huge. I didn't, ain't even, I Didn't, didn't. Yeah it is huge too. Out the cake. It is crazy. It is real. Flagger. You put 13 millimeters. Oh my. It has to be outlandish. Yeah that's cr. It's also gonna look like a scrunchie. That's I'm, it should be around eight but oh 14. That's huge. Like, Like a, a house 14 is huge. It's crazy. Oh I'm talking about jewelry y'all that I'm just nuts bro. That is nuts Around your ankle. 13 on your ankles. Crazy. So he wanted to be strong. He wanna show his shit off. If he gonna put it there, a nigga gonna see it when he walk.


Oh you ain't gonna said nigga gonna see it when he walk. No, that's crazy too. On that. Talking about write my dog Young Nacho young team. How you work man? Let's hurry up. Do this show y'all Wildling today. Spend a hundred on go. I don't know what 14. Ain't that nigga make enough a month he could pay for. What's his name, gunner. I Got six kids bro. What she is Sierra? She don't know about the respect. Respect but you should really be up nigga Textile. That's clean. Sweet. Reverse the reverse on Spin On Go. Damn. Is that what he say?


But you butcher any song. Well people still still mad at you for doing Jello song like that and Jello performing Saturday too. What'd he say? He's performing this Saturday at N NBA All Star? Yeah, he's performing. Oh it's lead. We gotta go Ain't do anything. Oh you hate, I'm saying like I'm saying like people try to hop on anything like Pauls like, like damn. Like you know what I mean? Like damn respect. I get it though. But who he gonna have better. I'm saying even like that's gonna be crazy. That's kind of like Kendrick getting a Super Bowl. Like Hmm. It's like damn he got that quick just off of that one beef with Drake. We're not doing that. I'm not hating but I'm just saying like comparing Jello rapper word to Kendrick.


Nah, I'm just saying he had Allstar weekend that quick. Oh we, we need Jello like damn nigga that sold out motherfucking Lions game too. I mean he performed in front of 70,000 his first. I'm saying that's quick. That's bigger of everybody at the All Star game. That's facts bro. It is more people. But shout out to him though. Keep running, running. This is a tier two performance for him. And listen, if Kevin Hart gonna host the actual game itself, fuck it. Why can't y'all perform? Let's talk. Talk about that. I'm upset about that. Why is Kevin Hart live talking during the game Man? Like the broadcast was cool but damn man bring it back to All Star Game we love bro. This ain't it man. I, I ain't got no faith in this new format. Yeah I ain't, I don't really care about the game but Kevin Hart hosting it bro. It's not bad.


It's not bad man. It just, I don't know man like me like niggas grew up as y'all the moments in the All Star game bro. That was different bro. Like that was like something we used to look forward to. Like we used to forward to our, all the people in league getting to play together. Yeah I I don't care about the All Star game. I don't even know how the format goes. I'm gonna keep it real with you. So they picked three teams and and then the format is that the Rising Stars Challenge winner plays a fourth team. So you got two teams that face off obviously gets each other. Then the winner plays each other for the championship of All Star Weekend. If All Star games two teams, it is four teams at eight if I'm correct. Yeah. Nah, we probably ain't gonna even fuck with that. Yeah nigga. Yeah right day party swag. That's crazy that that's what just came down to at this point.


I was gonna get some interviews during that time because that sounds like a disaster waiting to happen. You ain't got no faith in it. I don't. I'd rather work. I'm gonna keep it real. Hope somebody else feel like this like yeah I'll do y'all podcast. Yeah we turn the game on for y'all though. Nah, off the gate Spend a hundred on goals. He actually says this a couple hundred for a coat. It's a couple hundred for a coat. He says nothing. I read the whole thing. Don't nobody know he be saying they just liked the sound on a coat. He does say 24 ki all. No but he says nothing about, I dunno what that nigga sound like that song anyway. The fact that we Shazam this is fucking hilarious bit podcasts.


So I like where does he say it? Y'all never Shazamed in The Club? No I have, I used to do it all the time when I was with this nigga in Atlanta that whoever do dj, they had the best DJs y'all. Oh god. I'm sorry. Back in the day. I know Nat. We put our DJs above eye but back then it is quiet bro. Yeah that shit used to be slapping. I used to Sha, that's how I learned that one song Rocco and Future. Oh yeah? Yeah. I can't think old buddy you put me on too that had that one head. He was gonna have him come perform your damn that's your birthday bro. I know you talking about too. He was, this was when all Goaty thing was hot. James Hot Trinidad James. But Jeff had a nigga was it Buddy that passed away? Scootie Wild? Nope it wasn't Scootie.


Scootie got hot around that time too. I, we just talked about him though. But nah, I'm gonna find it. I'm gonna find him go. That's what he should have said. That's remix. Yeah, that's what you should have said. You can't do them them bars like they didn't had on Jello. Man. Nah, I ain't, I ain't hate no I ain't hate no jello. I'm saying like the way they like how quick that happened like yo, we need him in the all star game. Best dad in the world bro. Bar there's a different type of pool bro because Sha numbers making songs bro. You got a music video to just drop tonight bro. It ain't slapping. It ain't turning. It ain't turning the corner. What was lit though? Shooter song. Yeah, no I'm saying though it's just just the the, the marketing is just, it is different bro.


And he went all the way rap too. That's why I fuck with him. Yeah. He like yeah Lee your baby mamas all that like go straight rap. Yeah. Yeah he has a rapper story. Yeah. Yeah he starting off the lineage correct. Yeah I like it. Most definitely. Yeah baby mama have a baby you leave her for your new baby mama. Ah. Future swag. Damn. Ain't no way around it bitch gonna be here be something need. No ain't no way around. All you gotta do is that's another hit by the way y'all, that's a slapper by the guy. Jello out of pocket. He living a rapper life so he's full throttle. Yeah the content is there.


Album drop ain't no way. This first baby mama wasn't bad Nicki. Yeah Nick And with all the mix respect. Hey speaking of Allstar weekend before you even get to what we got going on, Hey man you got some smoke waiting on you in San Francisco? For who? Gil. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Gillie went on shit. Shit can't believe Gillie went on Shay and did that. Hey speak, you know what I mean? I ain't got nothing say trouble. So if we set it up you nothing. Yeah I'm gonna play. Okay. He not gonna play me though. We already tried to do that. Yeah he ran in Boston. Yeah. You know what I mean. He didn't talk about what happened in the lobby. Shout out to Shay but Shay don't understand what really happened nigga in that hallway, you know what I mean? Yeah. Down there in the lobby. But shout out to Gillie. Shout out to Wallo.


We will be seeing both of you get your shit off San Frank. Yeah he did on the right platform too. Yeah didn't he? So we got we appreciate it. Yeah you know that's gonna get an M for sure. So appreciate it. I love how he called out all the rappers before that you a cook before he got to you. That's hilarious though. He named everybody name by names like nah I cook him say you gonna score seven straight up niggas Dutch. Why you take me though? That's bro you are the target bro. Okay, wait for green light niggas bro. You too small poles but like yeah you gonna have to set an example of niggas bro. That's why I be telling you yo you my first example. That's why I be, I know I wouldn't even go respond king. I know, I know. Yeah but he really be playing niggas though too so he thinks shit que yeah no he dope and I'm like damn everybody keep attack me.


The difference is he be playing David Mitchell. They still active. Yeah they can't do nothing. They can't play around. Seriously I don't got nothing to lose. I can play for real. I can guard you for real. I can score you. I don't got a season to get ready for. They do. And he like this shit going right up to I'm like nigga we streaming too. Yes, yes. So don't get the backpack Mike. It's Tom that that back backpack, whatever it costs nigga let's buy that bitch in the morning when he had me down though. He said then they got deal with the mouth here. I was like bro you got bro nigga's like he shouldn't play you one on one just 'cause you said that. That's crazy that that's some old head shit. But shout out to Gil though. That's the guy. Yeah I will be sending you Right.


I'll give you the scout report out the gate you'll be going right buddy. The funny part about it is when we was to Victory three he was low-key cooking professor in the Yeah he was. Nah he tore his ass up bro. Pause what's the difference? He killed him. Oh talk You ain't professor talk your shit. Yeah, I'm six two. Oh you like five three? Yeah, but he, when he seen he said damn I ain't know that nigga. I know that nigga was that big but nah shout to him man I fuck with it. That's crazy man. Did y'all find the Godfather video we talked about in the pod this morning? Yeah B sent it to you. I sent it to him. My shit this, this how impactful this shit is bro. People like shout out to Luis Luis ain't nobody fucking with you Go but I'm just saying bro.


When y'all be saying shit on here bro people send that shit right to my dms. I'll send it right to him nigga that shit was funny. Soon as we left that nigga God false outta pocket Cs. I know you love and I undertaker voice bro. He cool. Oh yeah he cool motherfucker. I never heard him talk until I seen they had the little they little show was fired though. Yeah his podcast was fired bro. Nah man. Wish we could do a collab with six foot under that be all. Nah that shit is raw bro. But hearing an undertaker talk today I was like damn I would never think he sound like that bro. He normal as hell. That nigga like 6 8 80. Yeah he used to hoop For real. Oh wow. Yeah we need to see that footage man. That's, that shit probably blurry as hell.


How old is he? Shh 60 ought to be 55. Yeah bro. 56 undertake damn like Brown bro. I mean I was, I wasn't tapped in like y'all but he used to. What was that Kane that walked in with the little P Bear nigga that was Undertaker? They both did one. They both did One point? Yeah. Okay. Yeah what was name It was another little fried nigga too bro. That started to the brothers, the brothers of Destruction when they was together. No, the little Paul. Yeah Paul there we go. Yeah. Wait who? Who did what The little short, it was another little short nigga that used to be in wrestling bro. He started to, he started going wow X fuck nah bro I'm gonna find him. Y'all know exactly who I'm talking about. He was another little hype man type nigga.


That's a hell of a, he sort a pipeline. Yep. I'm gonna find it. Don't worry about it. I don't know if Mike wanna search it on a computer. We right. I about to say that you worked in the industry talking about Xbox. He did. Which ww He talking about he did he a A W nigga for sure The real boss life. You talking about he did tapes or he just started? Nah, he just started like selling sex toys and shit. Like he went crazy. That's crazy. A nigga selling sex toys is wild. I'm a tap in like you'll find out who Y Talk. I ain't really, I can't figure that one out. But he was popular though. That's definitely the dark side of the ring. Listen man. Allstar weekend. I know y'all seen the rival league, the 1 0 1.


First of all shout out to them for that league. It's crazy seeing the talent of WA get to actually play the 1 0 1 shit is fired though. The tournament? Yeah. Skylar Diggins Cook. Oh girl Deer can Heavy. Yeah boy she cooked that motherfucker. She gotta see, she gotta see the Beast though. Next. Yeah. Who she gotta play Enrique? She probably, oh her and Sky gotta play. They already did. Who won? Enrique Got together, you know, you know it got ugly. Yeah, it shout the scholar but Enrique is, is is different. It got ugly.


Who's scoring big in NBA this season? You are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props, money lines, you name it, DraftKings got it all. New customers. Now's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Take us to the Rack to DraftKings sports book where every point counts. Download the app today, use Code Club five 20. Yes that's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets for just five bucks. Only on DraftKings the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction Void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every Parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now I dunno if you have the update but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah you're like do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts


Got whi. I got YouTube and the Wings got a whip this year too. Shout out to Doubt Wings. They had a great off season like the Fever. But yeah, they gonna be a problem this year. But I don't know if niggas would actually do it but I wish somehow some way that could happen in the NBA. Enrique went to Notre Dame right? Oh so she the best one from Notre Dame. Oh. I mean that's what the one said. Oh that's what you saying? I naty Chip. I don't know. I had to, that's what the one said, said you play one on one as I gotta ask, I'm gonna tap in with Barlow. That's a hell of a conversation. Yeah, between the two. I mean they play rules. I need a real, I need a real And they got two young killers right there now that could be in that conversation too. Yeah, I don't think they fucking with Enrique though. Enrique got more on her bag though. Enka offense is insane. Yeah.


So she cooked her. She did bro. Show me some highlights. Mike. She did bro. Motherfucker Skylar was going at her too though. Motherfuckers don't post them. No Skylar. Skylar was going at her too bro. It was good. It wasn't no damn this is Christmas. You know what I'm saying? Like I seen her cook Dear Kahan, whatever her name is. Yeah she cook. Nah Skylar still got some shit in Thet for sure. Skylar is older though. Yeah, Tyler old head. Shout out to little Erica do for getting signed with the scout storm too. Hey E Weezy went out west. Oh see about the fever? Yeah. Yeah the fever went crazy off season. Shout to E We they going a different direction. They they trying to win. Oh yeah.


They ain't playing with niggas. I fuck hate this nigga bro. He's outta pocket. He ain't let that shit go. Nah, should never say never. I know how he's okay step through. Oh damn you little smoked it. I don't wanna watch the whole game. I just wanna see these, the highlights. Nah it's not bro. That's hard though. The one-on-one concept is pretty tough though. Yeah. Yeah. So you feel like in the NBA, let's name some people who we would wanna potentially throw in a one V one contest. We ain't gotta say verse but just names in the league. That ain't going, that ain't gonna happen. You don't think it'll ever happen even if they put up a meal for it?


Nah, think it's pride. Pride is too. Mm. Ego I do. I'll do a an D book. They ain't gonna do it though. They'll do it at USA because it's three dribbles and it's multiple people. It's king of the court. But when you one on one live like this and a nigga just cook you, let's say a nigga go eight in eight in a row. Nigga's like he can't fuck with him. That's So you damn near got start acting like man I ain't trying to get hurt. You know you damn near Got you. I do. And D book Shay verse Donovan, I do a of course aunt verse Donovan. That'd be a good. Okay then I'll do. Okay so Shay versus D book I'll do a JT versus jb.


I know they teammates but fuck it. Earn it out. Yeah Fire earn it out. And why you thinking of another one? The funny part about it's Breonna Stewart who just won Na, I mean a she excuse me a championship. She got to a vote bro. Baby girl from Yukon, I forgot her name. Somebody 12 or older. Yes, that's what I'm saying now her status is up in the air. Like you know I much championship though bro. She you can just win. Got pigeon. Pigeon toed ass can't guard no. Yeah And the W NBA boy worse than the NFL. Yeah Switcher rules is different boy you get wicked on the, well you get drafted number one to the fever. Your ass is straight to the motherfucker badass tomorrow. For real.


For real bro. Weak. That shit is different fast as hell. Yeah bro they don't care if you were never three bro, you would get up out of here. I thought y'all was lying that time y'all told me that girl from the field. I'm like y'all she just got here. How the fuck did she get released bro we have, we barely have enough to pay the people here. We don't have enough roster spots. Keep talking about expansion's. No white fresh picks is getting waved in training camp. Damn. But it's a doggy do world that w boy you better pull up a hoots. That's what niggas is playing for Roster spots. Yeah. Motherfucker one-on-one that's good for the league. How much they win if they win at all. Pause what was that? I got you. Yeah I was wonder why was shaking its head then Tilting him to cook. Yeah. What girl, what the fuck y'all been doing over there?


What? Splash? Safari Barbie. It's a good time. Get some right now. That might be one of episodes for sure. Boy Mike got outta the cheeks. We'll never forgive Mike for snapping his fingers in there. Dust stuff that froze the po. Hey the hell what up Barbie? Oh shit, she got her hair done there. What Fuck crazy. I'm about To start coming in here looking. I get some endorsements and Shit. I talk shit. Okay help Me out. I wanna be like y'all when I get not gonna I got you. Appreciate you Queen. What we got today? Sex in the west. Sex in the west. Sex. Sex Ts. Oh okay Malcolm.


A wild boy. Sex in the west. Sex in the west. What's in sex in the west? Pineapple blue and a little Is definitely a la drink for sure. That's where we going out west with it. Yes sir. Definitely ain't drinking nothing like that in San Fran but you drinking in Fran be careful though. Yeah I want no nigga playing with me. Ain't no tequila sunrises ain't the lemon dropping motherfucking ain't nothing with a motherfucking lime and fruit all where the shots are. Rum mcc me.


I want every nigga out there. No that nigga dangerous. He is not with the fun sign nigga. This is not McDonald's playpen. That's the only thing straight out there. Let's do what? Straight. Even the, even the homeless motherfuckers. Shane, Fred is lefthanded. That shit is crazy. Nope. Let's car real with Josh man. She don't know what y'all talking about. What she talking about? I don't do that. Alright. What kind of, what kind of liquor is in here though? Turn up every Time.


Why? I know. How many shots did you put in mine? Two and a half. Everybody got two and a half. Be lying bro. Take a few sip. You gonna take a sips. You Thank y'all. Y'all realize I'm not the drinker. You're not gonna beat that. You're not gonna beat the allegations on this show. I know they should have brought him the box. What's in that Chick-fil-A cup? It ain't Christ. Yeah God willing it's Chick-fil-A shout out to wifey man. She ordered me some food because I need something to eat at the practice. I was hungry. Oh shit. Why? Why we got yours? But I don't drink drinks 'cause I watched one YouTube video and dude like this, the drink was filling out a little bit at the top and he was like, and then put it on the steps for the dude.


I was like wow. I always I'll be shitty and a bitch bro. You be drinking the drinks when they Pringle? Oh yeah they already, I don't order the drinks but like that. Oh God got me bro. If I, if I order a lemonade from Chick-fil-A bro. Nah bro was a good but the reason I don't order's a better reason. Nah, I was watching that. I'm not ordering. I was like man nigga I need my shit clothes gang shit. Hope I got the top on little thing that anything gotta do with this ain't stop shit. Yeah that ain't nothing. That's why I stopped drinking them. What you have? Well you had a question for Word. Hey bar someone Valentine's Day. What I ask you what's a good gift to get a woman for Valentine's Day Help.


Bless you. What's a good gift to give men? It's easy to shop for women. What do y'all want for Those On That is a lie. Go ahead Queen. It's so easy You can get, I mean every, it depends on how Boogie she's, most girls want bags and shit like that. Mm. I think like Whatever a nigga broke, like not broke. Let's say he on a budget. You on a budget. If he's on the budget, his taxes ain't hit back yet. Salary. You wanna ankle it a little Bit above ways? I would just say like it just depends on what she likes. But you can never go wrong with flowers. You can never go wrong with perfumes. Mm Okay. So no ankles, you Know services and stuff like that. Getting her like spa treatments, nails, hair, simple Stuff like that.


So what, so what would you get a man a a, a good man. It depends on what he likes. Everything is so different. So what if he wants to ankle it for I can't afford no anklet then Mic Mike. Yeah You can't because Mike wanna be JT from city girls so bad. But I'm saying like if your dude is into gaming and stuff like that, you can get yourself for gaming If you into sports, it's all about what the person likes. Like you gotta understand they love So you get a street nigga. A street nigga they want guns. She nigga s real nigga. That's how you know what type of nigga she like. She knew Oh right away. I she said Nigga still wear purple jeans.


Yeah shout to the purple bread. That's my peoples over there. Hell yeah but I be buying like shoes shit. Okay So you Trick. I trick. I definitely Okay So you don't have a budget It if you don't have no budget with me don't budget. The niggas going crazy Too bad we don't got a chat tonight. It's still gonna go up the, they gonna hit bar dm. See Trick or rule out here? No. And outside. Y'all asking for my cash app. Which y'all trying to steal money from me if y'all ain't sending nothing what y Need? Oh they asking for Cash app. They always asking for I ain't got shit Steal away hand Some Sitting at 42 so she can send it straight through.


Nigga those penalties nigga. Oh no. Niggas is trying to cash up You what They catch up you saying lemme get your cash app and what they was writing Mike asking for my cash. No People be in my dms. This dude has said something about he would gimme $5,000 and all this shit To do what? I dunno what the fuck he want. Oh shit. 5,000 you your ears perk up a little bit. When you ready? No hold on. 5,005. She clicked on this page. I clicked on this page. Let's not get it up. What going on? Conversation. I know the hold on.


Hold hold San. You don't went through One of them. Oh Lord We go see that Barbie, That Barbie logo all our weekend. He definitely got waist beats off for sure. B or ain't got me hot. Nah right on the bar. I appreciate you. Oh man that nigga said you got waist beads and a ankle. That's crazy. Oh wow. She had bars.


Y'all crazy. Oh man I know boy. Girls ain't shit. Nigga say 5K motherfucker is definitely checking off that profile motherfucker. I see what's happening. Most definitely archive went through all the stories. Tag pics. Yeah Yo they gonna do that research for sure. Y'all fraud man. But speaking of Allstar weekend, like we said the one-on-one shit is dope. We know it probably wouldn't happen but it would be dope to see that. Is there anything y'all think that could ever like bring that type of feeling back that we had like the nostalgia for the All Star game? Just make it regular like was bro let the best players play just make it regular Where they on jerseys again. Yeah I think they remixing enough. I think the NBA bringing N season tournament was enough.


Just spice up the NBA just to You gotta make it regular. Yeah. Less east first west. Yeah bro. Bring back them teal jerseys or Jordan no war back in the day. Make that the different part of the game. Not the game itself bro. We don't wanna see a nigga Rising stars play, you know what I mean? JT and them for what? And they need to make, they should do throwback jerseys from now on. That'd be hard. Like if you make the Allstar team, everybody wear they own team Throwback. Yeah that'd be far. Yeah that'd be hard. They could sell old throwback jerseys. Yeah bro. Bring that back home. The game. I know it's gonna be a disaster. This shit not gonna be lit. Yeah man I'm very interested to see the, the how the fans feel about the situation.


That's interesting that you say that 'cause like the nostalgia is like what we all fuck you with. Like Mitchellness like we all used to want them mitchellness jerseys. Like even though we couldn't afford 'em shits, we tried to find a way to get something like that. That was the the swag back in the day. The old players, the throwback shit, it kind of built the nostalgia around the game and stuff. We grew up like it and that's why I was like I'm so disappointed the All star game. 'cause it's like a generation of kids. They don't get to experience it the same way. We got to experience that shit. That's cool. They don kids pretty don't give a fuck anyway. They on they game bro. Pretty much. Yeah they happened on the 2K park in Fortnite. Bro it it different bro. Nigga's on Twitter bro during that game. That's interesting. So if they're not doing, I ain't gonna say if they're not doing enough but if they're not doing more conventional ways to reach down to the youth, if we they main audience our age group, shouldn't they listen to us a little bit more than in that case 'cause shit we the ones going be pull up and pay that money.


I dunno bro. Yeah but I don't even know who paid to go to the All Star game. If they put, if they gave the winner of every team a million dollars on the All Star game, think would that incite more people to play. Like every, you had to make the winner get like a million and the losers get like 200,000. Oh yeah. It had to be a big enough difference for you be like, oh hell nah extra 800 I'm gonna hoop for extra 800. But like if it's like they get a million, you get 500 like they got half a time too bad niggas gonna pay for real. If that's the case, it ain't gonna have no worries about being competitive. Yeah bro. El yeah it's up. Yeah the the NBA could sneeze $20 million to cover all that stuff for players and coaches.


They could sneeze that. That's a sponsor. Coaches set of players. I mean the coaches get paid for minute too. I'm just saying. Yeah. Twenties extra. They cover everybody in the budget situation. Facts, coaches, all them is is Kenny coaching one of the teams? I don't know who the Yeah of course that's what's up. But if he, what if they got like they can get a sponsor to sponsor that 20 extra million for the winner. Yeah, Pepsi can do that team. The West wins the Pepsi award. That could be Pepsi, birth Pepsi whatever. Yeah that that's crazy. They ain't gonna put them together say boy Sprite said we are N NBA sponsor. It will not be a goddamn Pepsi across this, this, this stage. Yeah that should be very easy to do bro.


I feel like that would bring, I mean fuck it. Y'all got the money that didn't bring the energy back. Yeah probably would bring the energy back. That's crazy man. Oh Did you think they name the team? Yeah. I didn't realize they named the team. What's the team's name You got Kenny's Young Stars, Chuck's Global Stars, Jack's OGs and then Candace Rising Stars. She got the win of the Rising Stars. Like she gonna be coaching and then Shaq got all the Oh Season vets. Yeah obviously Shaq adding a w NBA legend to the to the weekend for sure. I I rock with Candace Parker. I like her commentary. For real. For real. I like that too tonight. I know JJ done moved on and got more money but, and it was her JJ Shaq. I like that a lot. Ms. Carter doing this thing too now. But yeah Candace Parker hold it down there on Tuesdays for sure.


I ain't mad at her at all but it's gonna be crazy. This is the last TNT All star game too. People really hate TNT though as I started like we love it. People our age love it. Yeah. People a little older and our age kind of like it. People younger than us hate it. They hate it. Why though? What's wrong? What's wrong with it? They don't say anything positive about the game of basketball. Oh they just talk about all the negativity bro. Like all the negative or they just hate on the scene. Oh this is terrible. Basketball they only do is shoot threes. This player ain't good. That player ain't good. Mm. We laugh, we look at it 'cause it's like comedy us. Yeah like we joke about everything. People in our age group we get it like them they were legends.


Shaq and Charles were legends like Right. So we get it like Yeah they sad compared to you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. People that don't know them like that, they look at it like why are they, all they do is hate on the game. Hate on the game, hate on the game. Yeah. People are the thought he probably for sure hate. Yeah. Yeah they don't because they don't realize how good Shaq and Charles is or do. They don't understand humor. Yeah. Motherfuckers under our age is definitely a lot more sensitive these days. So. Yeah for sure. Even like how we joke. Yeah it's dark on this pod. Most definitely. This is dark. I get it. You a 22-year-old don't understand bro. I understand bro. Yeah. Matter be the ones we make out shit. Yeah you got a little, our jokes is a little shit get wicked.


Yeah, I was trying to think too. I was like damn when we was growing up bro, we didn't have no NBA young boy no ride wave, nobody like that bro. Yeah we did. Yeah we did a little booy. It wasn't like super depressing bro. Oh you mean like a depressing rapper? Yeah I'm talking about like depressing rappers like I don't think I was thinking about that the other day bro. I was like damn we really didn't have you. I know YouTube gonna do they thing and motherfuckers on IG but I Tupac he wasn't depressing. He was more uplifting. Yeah he was more expressional kid. CU was who the fuck listen to kid cu not many people listen to Kid Cuddy nigga. We was grown as fuck. I love CU first album but the bar niggas won't listen to kid. Well Mike graduated in 2016. Oh yeah. I'm on the Pursuit of Happiness and his first album bar.


But I'm asleep on listening to Kid. Everything that kid CU fiasco them type niggas. But that was more a lyrical miracle. Well not kid Cut but Lupe was a rapper. Rapper. Right ass nigga. Like his music was cool. He wasn't no depressed. He fucked with Lupe. It Lupe got bars. I was just saying I was like damn sad. The sad rappers. We was in the era, we was in misogynist to get money, throw this money, we got new cars, we had the big Thomas. I wanna pursue that. Yeah we was on that. Yeah. Web Webby wouldn't have probably made it everything that this generation girl gave that today. Oh no, that's getting the play bro. Yeah, me Too movement would killed him. Yeah. Yeah. That was just random. I was just thinking about that. I'm like damn we really didn't have no no Kodak.


That song gets, that's the funny part. I swear to song gets swag ain lie it was that Get cut the first slap but after that it get wicked. Yeah. That song was hard. Damn. I used to listen to that song all the time. We didn't. We didn't. I mean who was that? Lu Fiasco had a horror on too. Where the show goes on, the show goes on. Lupe got some far out. Yeah, he had a few though. He had a few songs though. He had a cool crazy The Fucked Up song too. Tried to Lupe. I don't know what we didn't have many. He like t he Harmony, they were pretty depressing. Crossroads is crazy because that's Miss Mo, Charles that video bro. Everybody in my family who died before 2010 that that got played at the funeral.


Yeah. No matter if it was Friendship or Crown Hill. I best meet me at the Crossroad. So you know me know because if a nigga at the Adlibs be a funeral, I'm gonna swing on you because now you not think its Serious Cross. So you don't. I used them all the time. Nigga speak for yourself. Ain't on me too nigga at the Crossroads nigga. I'm 12 and I'm gonna man nigga I see you for a long time. Get your motherfucker arm off my shoulders. Nigga. That nigga died because he, he just shot 37 people. Nigga was coming the fuck coming. Nah, he was just, he wasn't depressing. He was more, he more like a soul or Afro Soul rapper. Yeah. After that Badu was happening, he was true.


Go big. Every was depressing. Depressing. That's fair. Yeah. There we go. Yeah. I wanna kill my mom. I'm gonna shoot my dad. I wanna kill everybody in this mother fucking room. Used Spit though. He did. Hell yeah. Clean out my closets because Stan is a crazy ass song. Even though it's fire as fuck. Damn. So Eminem was Rod Wave. I respect it. Oh this shit was sad. I didn't really listen to him but I He could rap though. Yeah. I wasn't the biggest fan but I always respected the skills. He got some fire albums too. That's one of the ones I've never seen in concert. M Yeah. I've never seen M Speaking of concert Rod Wave is what? What's going on with your mans bro? Man, we the sound bro. The production. It's the production team bro.


He may production team just like I, our production team at five 20 in the morning. We still push through. He's not willing to push through. Tim gonna take the shot at the, I'm saying y the audio fucked up. That sound in the morning show. Yeah, they like the audio. Fuck. Still like them Fire Mikey. The tees gonna go that one We still, Mike still get paid. Mike still get paid. We still love Mike. We still celebrate Mike and Mel like after the bad job they be doing. So Rod Wave is nothing. He is nothing on that Tee's gonna go. That wasn't why.


So after we seen Kas 19, it's been nothing but distance team his team. It was one, it was one person. Yes. We got two. Oh white. I swear to God. I told I had to shake that boy hand. I had to shake his hand. I said bro, for you to be doing this and he's up every day clowning like this, our niggas get long breaks. We work four hour. You a legend tease gun code. I wondering why But we love, we love our production team though nonetheless. Have y'all seen Kyle's content though? Like I love his content but it'd be spiking on the audio. It'd be grainy. Seven 20. Ah boy. Don't do that. Boy. You boy don't do that.


Oh my mama. Boy I'm glad all the blackouts we had on the morning, boy if they tell, we told y'all about this Joe Button podcast. We had the tease that we almost did seen it. The Teas gun code. No. What was the other episode after that where it had, was it JT Yo Derrick Rose Gross. That was their gross. That boy over there. That nigga right over there was already pissed that we had to cut this short. If that one wouldn't have hit the airways, oh he would've quit my got. He didn't even know. What if he shut the fuck up some more songs. I'm trying to see how many songs I can remember man, what you got D I'm like I got Tourette's Music.


Tourettes. That is funny. Why? Why are you searching that? We need the Montoya update. It's cracking again on the show. What happened on the show up at it? I think the black guy spun man. Oh he hit his girl. I think the black got spun man. Ooh Montoya.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every Parent's Dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style. holmes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be be honest. It was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah, it was like do I send the heart now Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


But we told y'all the the Spanish show. I don't tap in bro. Understand. Understand I don't watch. But the teas got come. Alright. There's some tears. Oh the show is in Spanish? Yeah. Oh no for sure. Watch I gotta tap in. I know that like Yeah I look my wife, the balls closed caption. I'll just tell her to tell me everything. What'd they say? The closed caption right? What'd they say? Tell a people like what they say. We can't. What she mad about? She look mad. Are we really be talking fast? No, before you find it, did y'all see Charlemagne with a big girl on the show?


Lion up there Lion? No. Did you hear him when he was like, did you see his face? He made did you? He said well she said she got in that PC Cruiser. No what she said when he, she said like everybody just think we just eat. He was like, So you don't eat right So you don't eat. He said would you get upset in the rap? They said it is a 20 verse one channel do with just you on stage. That was crazy that he got that off bro. I said bro, why is he trying to, why is he heating her on stage? Nah, he was fla bro. He like explaining. He was it just hilarious though. Making no better. I say he really up here. She is really funny too. Hey, the funny part about it is did you see there was a recap? I show that was my reel of the week. Somebody was just like, every time you post a picture you standing outside the car.


We wanted to see your big ass in the car with the seatbelt off. She we get that seat. Me, me and everybody else would've got a PT crew said she you motherfucker alive. That didn't happen. She said her. He said her home girl got a Benz that she be getting and that was the same car. He said no it's not. He said that show should have never aired when that bitch got over there and said y'all got a bigger seat and they pulled out that whole loveseat for she said a combination. This a fucking loveseat. Those aren't just laying around. Where did y'all get that fucking cabin from? Look they ain't shit. That's who ain't shit. She sure couldn't sit down in this motherfucker with us. We was worried about one of our guests and he made itt. He's got code. I'm wondering issue him nigga off the court like in the neutral.


Every time they start saying shopping he gonna see was a random song got it out. It just sound like he did it. She did it for a second and a third time. Oh she's just been cracking buddy? Yeah. Oh he, he lost but he's still back in front of the summer jamb screen watching go home bro. Oh yeah, he's still watching. Go home that nigga Lane. Well your daddy's why I tell you dads were important. Anton Antonio go home. What's his name? That's his name. An Antonio. I dunno those names Spanish people are more forgiven than black people though. That's not true. Who is Brot code? I'm wondering why. I don't wanna speak on anything specific but it it is true. Niggas ain't going for that bro.


You look crazy as hell. So watch your girl get hammered three times. Oh no niggas. Oh you mean as fellas? Yeah. No bro. No bro. Multiple times watching your girl get penetrated bro. For what though? At this point home man. The second top girl. The sequel. Yeah bro. Spread the block up. I told y'all bro, remove that sheet off of me bro. If I'm a risking all let's risking all bitch put the shades, ONT gun. What else that nigga fucking like I seen they knives up there for depressing music. Almost got mad. Damn. Hell nah. Yeah that's disrespectful. Yeah I was like damn he was depressing. I don't listen something like that. Oh which one?


So Brenda had a baby. It's crazy. It is. Brenda had a baby but Brenda came, came Your mama was dark. Nah, dear mama wasn't dark. Even though he was a crack fi mama. I don't shout my mama as a crack. Well I play that my wedding when I dance with my mama. She looked at me like why are we listening to this? Call him Miss Cri Crack. She was like, hold on. Why are we, why are we dancing to this? Why this point too? I said it was supposed to be boys de band mama. They played Dear mama, that's a hell of a mixer. Crack feet. Mama still caught her a black queen though. Two steps into crack. Feet is crazy bro. Niggas love ramen. That was forced nigga. I was like that's a wild child man.


Why mama swing on me nigga I bass some songs like that. That's crazy. Also from my tweet of the week it goes to bm. Man that video, that young woman saying, why do you need to see me without my makeup? Am my hair done? Yeah, my shit going viral on Twitter right now. What you mean? Please, please let the people know what you're talking about. This lady on here. I guess I can play it real quick. This, it's gonna pop right up on my sheet. Do you Think in our national state before they get in a real relationship with us, whenever I've heard a man say, let me see what you look like with no makeup. Let me see what you look like without the hair. I feel that that man is telling you that he does not have the money to finance your beauty upkeep.


Don't come over here thinking that I'm gonna go to Sephora, get you some makeup. So I need to see you without all that because I want to strip you of all that. I ain't got it when a man says That they won't see you ugly or Not. He wants to strip you of everything. He doesn't want you to have the thought process of maintaining yourself. Jake. Yeah. So basically what she was makeup on? Yeah like we just want to see you. We trying to see what the fuck you look like. See what we working at before we invest fully in that bro. Man, y'all be seeing them ugly ass people who put makeup on end up being Yeah, her shit was two to too. We always love a girl. Her face matched her neck and she was, she was one of 'em two to motherfuckers. She don't know the blends. Yeah, so I mean shout out to all the queens but y'all, y'all be saying some outrageous shit bro.


That was the black shit. Yep. So if a nigga wanted to see you with your natural on that, don't have nothing to do with him trying to belittle you. He's just trying to see if you look like your mama or your daddy know race. I been seeing too, they be seeing don't shoot, they was like make up for women is like haircut for nigga. And then they were just like, no that's a nigga's actual hair. Not in all cases. Shout out to about nigga a rapper had his hair come on when he got to jail. Rocco. Rocco. But that Rocco was half fishing. Ro Rocco was half. I thought he had a unit on, not a unit, but we know, we know women for sure that look different without the makeup on. Yeah, for sure bro. Niggas just want to be like, baby, okay you, you ain't like that with the makeup on but you cool.


So I'm with it. I'm with it on. Damn gonna like p wear makeup. Yeah, I'm cool on the makeup. But the first thing he saying is that a nigga can't pay for your makeup is crazy. That's what you think if he asks what you look like. Yeah. Yeah. That's what, oh makeup don't cost that much money. I just, it is, it is never that serious. But I think most men just like a woman. If you wear makeup, you know, do your thing. But I think niggas love a bare face. It's okay. Ain't wrong with it. It's if somebody wants to know, wake up when my girl got makeup on, when she wakes up I'll be like, ugh. Yeah, niggas want like damn. Yeah, you just want a bare face. So your hair, that's every man's preference only have one. No, I don't know what these niggas feel like What the the Afro bro.


The little, if you got the little afro, the starter lock pro. Yeah. You know I I, I am in my situation or whatever but if I was out here like, talk to me when a dreds or pass your ears, you know what I mean? I, the starters, the starter kit, I can't go. You feel me? And you know what I mean? If you don't like how I look, how I'm built, cool baby girl. But I'm telling you how I feel. I'm nothing on that little fro. 'cause most of y'all wear the little fro and y'all put the little flowers, something in it. Try to dress it up for church. I, I'm cool bro, for church. I like the little fro man. I mean, you like a lot of shit, bro. I, I'm not as verse Oh, that's Oh, with the part? Yeah. I like when Jada got her shit up. But she's fine though.


Jada Pinky, I like her little when she, she's fine. Like son. Lathe is fine, bro. Oh, son. Lath cold. Yeah, that's, that's one. But before that, when she cut, when she was Kanye niggas was nothing. She first, when she went four, like damn, I can't forget her name. I, she was in that movie with twins hair. The big fro. That's not bad. The big fro. I like the big fro. Okay. Because it's curly and it's, it's done. I'm talking about the girl who just, and pick her shit. If you still picking your f getting it right. I'm cool bro. You else I open like let the what they, they got a fade. A fade. Some girls are fired with the fade. But you just gotta have a right head for that too.


You usually, certain girls face, it just matters bro, with your hairstyle. And I feel like women feel the same way. Like every girl can't get a fade. Felan fade. Which Decent. That's cool. Yeah, but she, that's like Mike, how you feel about that? No, I'm nothing but Solange. That's what's my boy from drum line. My Lindo Jones. Yeah bro. What, what was that right there? That's Tiffany had, I'm asleep. Yeah, that's her name. There should go Tiffany Haddish. Yeah, I'm cool. Yeah. What? And any hairstyle Y don't like her Tiffany y don't like Tiffany Harris. It could be bad. Tiffany had was cold. I'm just saying that don't no, you know, I'm just saying. I, Amber Rose, her fa was fresh and Rose cool Bald head. Ross was ca hit Elite. That's NDIE right? That's L Peter. That little Peter.


Who? L Peter. Oh, I thought you said something else. Nah, I don't like l Peters like that. I mean it's, it's deep. Chris SE Michelle is cool. We ain't seen Chris episode. She perform for Trump. Who that? That's Jayda Peter. I don't like it. That ball. I like low down dirty shame. She look like Tayshawn friends. I like low down dirty. So now let and fire. I like low down YouTube getting shitty. Y'all, y'all know my YouTube man we, we gonna have Louis scroll through this. I'm Oh, I like low down Dirty Shame. E. Yeah, actually Nia Long short didn't have a fade but had the short hair style I feel about Tony Brexton. I'm Team Tony B Braxton. Regardless. I like when she had her own little hairstyle. Short hairstyle. Short hairstyle.


Fantasia Jada Pinkett from Woo Eve. I like the eve hair always growing up. Eve was solid. Most definitely shout to Eve. Yeah. Kiki Palm. Kiki Palm. But that picture was crazy. Nah, nah they need to, I like Kiki now or Kiki. New Kiki or Nah sweetie, I had a one pick. I like Charlie Baltimore back in the day too. Legend. I like who's that nigga? Grace Jones. No disrespect. I really, y'all know the world is different now. Grace, come on. I that dude I, I swear I thought about this funny. No I really, I swear to God I'm not man. I don't know who Grace Jones is. Yeah, I ain't keep being with who is Grace Jones?


I sound like DA when they revealed the statue. Damn. No disrespect to the Grace Jones of her family man. What else happened? Shout to Yeah that threw me for a doozy. Her being number one is crazy. I don't know who. Grace Sean Power rankings. We gonna move on though. Alright, so allegedly Mike wife is making his worse by the way. Allegedly the sons are supposed to move on from KD this summer. They're supposed to live for a new home. What makes sense for Kevin Durant for probably will be some of his last chapters of his career. What y'all think Katie might go, what you think might be the best situation for him to be in?


I like him in, I like him in Memphis with Ja. Mm Okay. Another team. Let's see somebody out east. I don't know she got they team, Nick's got they team. I don't know. Cavs ain't don't fit him. I dunno who else For real? I ain't gonna lie. I like him in Minnesota. I was just gonna say there you go. That's a perfect, a perfect kid. I'm trying to think of East Side. I fuck with that too though. For real? Yeah. KD and ae. That's dangerous. Yeah and that's his idol too. So he'll, he'll make that shit work. Yeah I was like a good team like where he could go. I know a couple. They said possibly the Rockets. Lakers is too loud.


I like the Rockets. I like the Rockets a lot. Well Luca, KD and Brian damn be if Rob Pika pull that off, he's a go. There's no way he's a goat. If he pull that off he's a go. I don't know how that would work but he's a goat two year deal bro. He could afford it. Boy. That have to give up. Don Connect could be a son for sure. You don't have to worry about dog connect. I need time to process the trade. Yeah he nigga if you get your ass out there and play. Yeah I gonna say all right bro. That first game, I feel you. That second guy. Hey bro, get your ass to work now. You do a little too much nigga. Yeah you a rookie too. Yeah bro.


This motherfucker come keep, get shit cold. Y'all might wanna order these. I don't know. Y'all know we be lying. I don't know what they be for sale but couple all Patreon users Get first access to the website. Which launches the 21st. Everyone get on the 24th. Patreon, we got y'all early Love. Hey lying, shout to the brand February 21st. So that's next Friday y'all. So it's time stamped. Okay. Do we get some merch? Yep. On way. Yeah we still, that's what my nigga daddy used to tell him. We 40 that think still ain't seeing Scott God Sky living around the corner.


That's great. Still ain't seen my nigga daddy. That's wild. Hey I was reading this here I was, I was reading this. They said like would you rather never knew your daddy like never met him at all or knew your daddy seen him but he never came and fuck with you. What would you rather have? My daddy grew up like that. His daddy Lived across. Damn. It sound depressing as fuck. I'm, it's supposed to be funny. Your daddy the real green light. Like what would you rather have? Like would you rather not know your pops or would you rather like damn I got my pops over there.


He just don't fuck with me. I I'd rather not know you bro. I'd rather I'll see you. I I'm, I'm cool with seeing you bro. Nah bro, because if you walk past me down the street bro, I might live with Be Choice. Yeah that's what nigga was saying. It was like talk. So the nigga I was saying was like I seen, I knew my pops my whole life but he ain't fuck with me. So one day when he was riding down the street he parked his car outside the Gbl house. I flattened all his tires. Damn. Nah I don't see my pops bro. No he don't see you. It's not about what Juicy? He don't see you? No, I'm saying bro, he don't got a car bro. I want my shit down bro. I ain't need my other daddy but he was there so I'm cool just seeing you. I'm cool with that. But what about if he just don't acknowledge you though? Like he see you but he ain't acknowledging you.


I ain't used to you so it's cool bro. Nah, we're out. It's different where you grew up too. Like you grew up in Karma. Cool. But I swear to God like me my nigga Marcus, my nigga Trey, we the only ones that had our daddies in our lives bro. And it was a, it was eight, nine of us growing up. So I'd have been cool. I'd have fit right in with the game bro. Yeah I'm not saying, I'm just saying like if that nigga was right there then every day he rode by he just was like, I was like what? What up gang? He just kept riding because he might holler at your mama and not talk to you but definitely you another nigga in the neighborhood bro that that nigga Instagram said it's Papa Rice said nigga I see you at Together house and popped all them tires. I say y go out strong gay.


I feel you. That's crazy bro. That's wicked bro though Rob pass me bro. You know who I am bro. Yeah I'm good. That's crazy bro. Oh yeah, I'll be dead man though. But the comment you should have read the comments bro. That was so funny. So you rather nigga you was an accident that nigga. Nah for sure though. At that point your about was to work your about was side bitch you was just down down the street that So you was the family down the street? Yeah That's some biggest was just go. Only thing that probably bother me if I see some little kids running out the house and that and that ain't nephew Neil. If I see a little nigga come up across the street that look like me, it's beef. But if you over there just with your hoe then we cool bro. That's wild. So if he over there with his real family like nah I fuck with them.


He probably night. Yeah. Nah that, that, that that's crazy. Yeah that side baby different. I pray nobody, nobody ever had to experience that and break babies. Yeah and get wicked. Yeah I had a girl who was a side baby. I see why you act like that bitch your daddy left you Me too. See, move on man. There's people really struggling with daddy issues man. Everybody seek therapy. I was, when I read that I was like damn your daddy used to ride by you. Yeah don't no pill out on bro. That's crazy. Crazy. I popped all them tired real nigga back to basketball. How you feel about being sip with the clippers man? What's up bro? Starting pf man he not, that nigga not getting in bro.


What Your nigga's crazy. He fuck around. I play who? Ben Simmons. That okay for good. What did Ben just start hooping? I hope if he do that Clippers is raw. He is. If we said at first 1 5 20 y'all, if he come back being him his himself from Philly, they raw. That'd be tough. That nigga get to running 90 miles per hour like he used to. Yeah he said I'm I'm I'm healthy now. A hundred percent. He said nothing. Hold me back now what's up? Y'all heard the statement heard? I done heard a lot though. He in his element y'all I've seen the best Simmons offseason workout threes too. He is in his element. Y'all telling y'all I want him to ke get paid and then go back to chilling again. I want him to have a crazy postseason like average 20 and then get just start chilling again.


Nah, you can't do TLU and James like that bro. They ain't going bro bro bro bro. Yo this is Ben Simmons bro. I don't care who here y'all not y'all not locked in like that my first two years I showed you what I was capable of doing bro. I'm bringing the vibe respect straight I I hope we do. I fuck with it. Yeah we solid bro. That's it. That's interesting man. West PLAs gonna be really weird. This shit. Can you go back to the rankings real quick? I don't know how much jumping around is gonna happen. I know some of the playing teams are shipped around but if you look at the west man that's, it's damn gonna be some crazy playoffs there. For real. For real? Yeah right now if it was to go to a game, what's the one eight matchup? One eight is the Thunder Maverick. That'd be very interesting to Anthony Davis is coming back healthy. Yeah he didn't have to get surgery so they said he hope him to play more this season.


He just got arrested. He was thirsty to get on the court with a new team. He was still rehabbing the injury. So that's tough if ad's playing. Mm and Lively live. Yeah I think Lively out for Yeah. Yeah I think he had surgery right? Yeah I think he's out for a minute. But Gaper is supposed to be reviewed after like Allstar maybe. So those two against the thunder tube. That's tough. And then two verse seven. Who is that? Grizzly Thunder Grizzly And Timber Wolfs. Oh excuse me. Timber Wolfs My, it be a very interesting matchup. Like a very exciting matchup. I think the Grizzly will win but it'd be very exciting. 81st. Ja, that'd be very exciting. That's fire bro. Three six Mega slipper. Mm Yeah. Another exciting matchup. Yeah, another exciting. I got Big Zoo too.


I mean he ain't gonna do much of yo but he's still a big respectfully. Yeah. Four or five is Houston Lakers. That's a crazy, that's another, that's a crazy series. The west is popping if these stand and stay like that, the West is popping. Trying to tell niggas bro. Oh no I don't disagree about the Better conference. I just think those, those type Eastern Conference teams bro. They they dangerous. Yeah, but the West Pop for sure. Let's go to the east. Y'all Like the Kings? Nah, I'm, I'm cool off. It's gonna be a very exciting plan 'cause it's gonna be all like older people that we respect and love like could you start that one more time for me? 'cause we play what, seven through 10. Right? We see we have Timberwood happen to face the Warriors. That's tough. And then Mavs Kings, that's a hell of a playing.


Hell playing is nice now the East eh second round gonna be lit first round. Not so much C Hawks. Yeah, It's Delta ass that's lit. It's trash bro. Jaylen Johnson done. Yeah, Jalen was playing. Self Succeed is gonna be, I mean it's gonna be Celsis but that's not gonna be too boring of a series. Nah, that's gonna be asleep. That's why I say it ain't gonna be boring. It's gonna be quick though. You Got Ass whooping. That's gonna be behind Pace Bucks. That's gonna be all the personal series. That has a chance. Yeah. That's the only way that got any type of excitement. But that second round though, say the Pacers loose first round. You got Cavs bucks as a Eastern semi. That's tough.


That's tough. And Celtic Knicks, that's a hell of a, that's really the Eastern Conference final. On the lowest of keys. But that's tough. Yeah, bucks play the Pacers bro. That's four one. I sleep on that the East games this week. I ain't gonna lie. For what? Dude, I'm sleep on that. I heard it last year too, nigga. They always hurt. I I know but I'm just saying what happened. We won what? 500? No, no, let's, let's we can, we can bet. Let's get close to, I need to see what's going on right now. We are crawling to the, that's a nigga that don't believe, don't believe's a nigga that don't believe Rick crawling about to fuck up my money. Listen I ain't got that money.


Hey y'all DJ getting money y'all. Whoa boy let's not do that now. That's nigga don't niggas I can't afford that. Gotta loan that out. Take out the Fox. Dj. I'm just saying. I said 4 0 1. I gotta do win two boy. You said if we play in a series, you you're four one. You bet 500 at four. 1 4 1. Oh hell yeah. On document. Yeah on documentation. I love that. Everybody healthy though. Nobody get injured on our side. Fair. Everybody healthy. That's fair. That's fair. If somebody's injured, that's a major player. We can avoid the bet. Who you picking on the bucks though? Damon and Giannis. What you mean? If they not hurt, I'm saying it's full healthy right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Fully healthy bro. What do you got dj? Fully healthy Tyrese most definitely. Those two have to be healthy. Tyrese and our best two players. That's fair respect. Love this damn nice. Shout to the res man. Yeah, solid show man. Before we get up outta here, listen man we will be at Allstar weekend. Pull up. Got some dope, dope, dope activations going on. We'll we'll post a flyer soon but tell me Friday we can talk about that. Okay, wait, not Friday, Saturday, Sunday we come about Sunday. Not Saturday yet. Sunday and Saturday. Turn me up. Hey listen all weekend we trapping out a Michelin Nest man.


Five 20 Michelins collab. We got the podcast studio adjacent to the popup. Pull up, we gonna be in there working slide through also Sunday. We got a collaboration with Ballers Life. We'll be live in full locker. Pull up man. You can have a whole lot of people in there we would love to see out in the stands. Dope activation man. Come kick it with the guys. Buy you some shoes too man. For lock. Got a lot of heat going on man. The drops going crazy for all weekend. Make sure your notifications is on bro. Facts bitch, I ain't getting no breads there. Let me get y hopes up. Yeah we sure to try and get ours. Yeah, I'm we sad as hell. I ain bread. I got 'em. Oh damn you got 'em? He said Pete bought 'em for shout out to.


Oh shout out to the wife you did. Nah, I love shout out. Well I guess the three of us, we still try to figure this shit out and get out the mud. I don't want 'em. I'm excited to work out Mitchell and this though. Well if any Bee Hands fans want get him some shoes. Yeah you can get Michael the ones with the Michael Jordan on the tongue. He don't care. He get into the jumpmans. Oh wow. They got some Jumpman Bridge I they for locker right now. I just, I just wanna get everybody mention that heads up. I will be raid the back locker room for all the hats. That's my favorite thing about Mitchell and this, I know they got the fire jerseys and the collabs and stuff like that, but the hats bro. I just want the shorts.


That's what I'm on this spring, this summer. All the elite throwback shorts, you know what I mean? Mitchell Ness is definitely, definitely bigger than the Jerseys though. Full out brand though for sure. Yeah. Yeah. The, the shooting jackets, the nostalgia, like everything that, like you said, the all star memories. The 2000 jerseys. I want the, I need to Vince what's happening The sw, are you talking about the dunk contest joint? I need that bro. So D you know what time it is we raised back that's raised us for sure. Yeah, we definitely appreciate y it's like big part of the culture. It is like you gotta be hip. Like when I used to see Fab and all them like everything that came with from the jerseys to the hats to Yeah, everything about Mitchellness, you know it was with the culture. Like it was the vibes. Hell yeah. Back when Jay was trying to tell us we need to put our button up, niggas was like, nah bro, we still getting that Mitchellness jersey bro.


We not 40 like you said Fab. Go back. They have to use to have the coldest hats too for sure. Still, still still got the coldest hat. I'm excited to go back there and get some hats man. Be a part of that. Be there all weekend. Come on man. And we appreciate y'all for letting us come do our thing in y'all, you know what I mean? Y'all studio and shit. So that's, yeah, definitely grateful for that for sure. Sure man. We gonna be trapping out there. You might wanna pull up special guest. You may not know who might slide through. May have another collab Last year we had the Crazy Hats with T mark. Man we gonna run that back again for sure. One time. For the one time. Yeah. Facts for sure man. Well listen y'all be safe. We appreciate y'all. If we see y'all All Star weekend, pull up for show. If not next time, it's next time. Club five 20, The Volume.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info. Perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered or perhaps is the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com, we've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPT Tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got a podcast. Quiet please with Mel and Keira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart win sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Don Boogie Thomas Rhett Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.