
The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NBA Score big with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon For new customers to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet, just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text Hope NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, cdk eng.co/b ball,


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Sometimes live can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest tasks such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. So how was that experience? Because like you said, man, bro, I'm in my apartment. Yeah. And I got the CEO of Chipotle On the phone. On the phone. And he is talking about, okay, we want to name a, so we gonna put something on a menu name something after you They had it. It was called a Keith Theia and it was on the app the, like I said, the Chipotle. The craziest thing about that Chipotle is the Chipotle. Me and my wife we met when we worked at Asics inside of South Premium Outlet and that Chipotle was directly in front of South Premium Outlet. So to go back there three or four years after, no, it was, it was longer than that. Maybe like seven years after me and her met and standing in front of the spot that we met.


But now we got a Chipotle named after us. It was for real and it was one of them things where it was like, I never questioned God, but it was like, why me? Yeah. What I did, What did I do to deserve this? Yeah. Facts. Facts. I'm looking at some of the companies you've partnered with. Chipotle, pizza Hut, Wingstop, DoorDash, Pepsi, chime Hyundai, Microsoft. I mean, how does Keith Lee determine who he's going to partner with? For me, it's a conversation that that's had after, like I said, I prayed before everything and I can, you can feel it. You can feel when when something's right and something's not right. I'll give, give you an exclusive here. We had a conversation with, I was here, I said the name 'cause I ain't going.


We had a conversation with, okay, I ain't gonna say name, but one of the biggest fast food companies in the entire world. We had a conversation with them, McDonald's And, oh, I wasn't supposed to say their name either. Oh, get my bad, my bad. Okay, Come on Michelle. Doing Confide hypothetically. But we had a conversation with somebody and come on Shannon. They, they like, no. So We had a conversation with somebody and they initially reached out and they was like, we want to have a full, this was supposed to be like a full commercial, a full deal, like a really big thing.


And mind you, I'm not making that much money at the time. I'm making good money, but not like nowhere near to be Turner. They was offering almost a million dollar chance and I wasn't making nowhere near that. But they was having a conversation and they asked me do I eat that food and I don't. Right. Instead of saying, of course I eat it. Trying to get the money. Yeah. Me as a person of integrity, I told him straight to his face. I was like, no, I don't, I've never ate it as a kid. I don't eat it now. I don't really eat fast food. How much y'all offering? You know what I always wanted to try, I always wanted to try that. But it is, like I Said earlier with with integrity, like it's something that I, I feel like I have to be able to turn pass down on my kids, right?


And had this conversation with them when I'm, when I'm 50 or 60 and tell them like no matter what position I was in, I've always been myself and I've always stuck to what I believe is right in my heart. And I had the conversation with them. He put me on the phone with, again, with the CEOs and CEOs and the first con the first question he asked was, alright Keith, do you like this food, the brand, whatever it is. Do you like our brand thinking I was gonna back down because we having a conversation right in front of the CEOs and in front of all of them people. Nope. And they said, oh, okay, Well We'll have a conversation in the back end. I already knew that was a wrap. Right? That meant Absolutely that's not about to work. Right.


But it was just like I said, a testament to who I've always stood on and I've always stood, stood my ground and put my feet in the ground and been who I say I am. Is it easier to represent a brand and I, 'cause I find this myself, it's a lot easier to represent a brand if you use the product, if ly if you eat the food. Absolutely. Because it is not, it's not rehearsed. Absolutely. It's not forced. I actually drive this car. I actually go to this place. I actually eat this food as opposed to Yeah. IIII do. For me, again, we blessed enough to have people that will really go out and get the product and try their product. And I refuse to step anything that I personally don't like because I understand these are people's hard, earn earned money that they going to spend.


Correct. I think a lot of people don't think about it like that. They just be like, oh, it is my money. I'm going to get the money from my family. I'm supporting. But it's like you also affecting other people's money, other people's family. Because if it's a product that you won't even stand behind and you don't eat in your daily life or that you would eat, why are you about to make them spend they last earned money. Right. And like I said, I'm blessed Up to really have people that will go out with they last. And I'm talking about people be standing in line and having their own real issues. They stand in line for eight, nine hours. Wow. And it's like, I don't take that lightly. Like I don't play with that. And I appreciate every last money y'all. So. Right. All, every decision I've made, like how you ask what decisions go into me picking a certain partner, partners that we deal with.


I think of them. I think of my family. I think of, if I can ask myself 20 years from now, if that made sense, I can still say yes no matter how it went. No matter if, like I said, I missed out on a million dollars no matter if I got a million dollars. Like I can have that conversation with myself later on the road and not regret it. Wow. Congrats on being the first person in your family to own a home. Thank you man. You just recently purchased a home, you and your beautiful wife and your two daughters. What was that moment like? It didn't feel real. It felt like, I remember having a conversation like multiple times of like, who gonna walk in this house after we done like where the landlord at?


Yeah. I know he gonna come in here and be like, you can't change this. You can't change that. It, I'm gonna be transparent. It put me in a depression. Why? It put me in a pretty deep depression survivor's guilt, survivor's remorse of like feeling like it's gonna be snatched away. Feeling like, yes, I have it, but how long do I have it for? Mm. It's, it's trauma. It's definitely trauma. I had to sit and, and question and, and ask myself why I am at, why am I in this house with my family and with the people that love me. And I'm surrounded by love and I feel alone. This is two weeks ago, so this ain't like three or four years.


Right. This is like recent And it just, so we sitting on almost two, two acres of land. I am. And I vividly again, we ago stand in the backyard like whose is this? Like, it is, it is one of those things where it's like you don't believe you earned it and you don't believe you worthy enough of it or for it, but other people, other people and God deems you worthy enough. And just finding that self-worth and finding that self-confidence and, and being I'm al I'm always thankful, but for me it was like, this ain't mine. But then once I start seeing our stuff roll in and I start like seeing my kid, what really changed it for me and, and brought me outta depression.


My daughter just learned how to ride a bike for the first time. Oh, So you got a lot of space. I'm teaching her in the backyard Right. Of how to ride the bike. And we got a heel in our, in our backyard. And when I say two acres, it's just all land. It's like we got trees, but for as far as I can go, it's just grass. And I literally like put her on the bike and let her roll down the hill and I let her go. And I'm just watching her roll in this field like grass and like I was like, you did it man. Like I really had to sit. I, it is not many times in my life I've been proud of myself and I had to sit back and be like, I'm proud of me man. That's your best purchase. Have you made any bad purchases since you've been this Keith Lee?


No, I got a wife. I got a black wife. She don't let me make no dumb. No, no dumb purchases. So my whole team is women. They be on my head. Right. Like it ain't no go out splurge. Like You ain't got no new whip YI mean you I know you got something. She Bought me a whip. I don't. So I don't splurge. The only thing I buy is shoes. Right. Shout out to Nike. Only thing I buy is shoes. I don't spend my money on nothing else. But like, so I have a shoe wall that I collect. I'm at probably if I had to guess the worth, I would sell it right now for like 200 grand. Really? Wow. That's the only thing I really spend money on. Right. But other than that, I don't spend money on nothing. Like I, they talk about me all the time.


I walk around in like Target t-shirts. Yeah. And like I go to h and MI go to Zara. Only very fancy thing I have other than the house. My wife bought me a Genesis G 90. Wow. Probably 120,000. Yeah. But I wouldn't, I wouldn't spend it. Right. Yeah. She spent it. 'cause you know, I wouldn't Is it now because of how you grew up and not having, sometimes you, you had to go without, Oh, let me backpedal. Sorry, go ahead. The biggest purchase, not bad purchase, but the biggest purchase that I look in retrospect, it was the amount of money we got out the first year we started doing taxes, Shannon, we gave out Damnit $300,000 the first year. Just like, here, here you go, take it.


I'm sure she said, nah, we not doing that no more. Yeah. Out, out of anything. I feel it's not a regret because in my mind to be a blessing, gotta get a blessing. Right. I mean, to get a blessing gotta be a blessing. It's just in retrospect, I think a lot of that comes from the way that I was raised too. Of like, yeah, we had money every now and again, but we ain't, I ain't never touched this kind of money. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. It is different. Yeah. It's a different, and it was hard for me to figure out how to say no. I ain't never been a person to right now I am. Right. Well, I'll say no in a heartbeat. Like it was a video that just came out when he's at Complex and a guy walked up and he asked me to record him for two seconds and I was like, no, no thank you. It just, I they be trolling.


Yeah. He wanted to like turn the camera around and like either do a dance or like stand her awkwardly or something like that. But now I'm getting to a point where I know how to say no. It, it took me a while to get there for sure. Oh, so you go to sneaker car and you go to Complex Con, you be buying sneakers. Oh Yeah. Shannon, You spend that kind of bread, she let you spend that kind of bread on kicks Only on shoes. Okay. Only on shoes. Shout out to Sacred Sneaks. I got a, a personal sneaker guy who is my best friend. Right. He crazy, he 21, but he the type to be getting like pair of dunks that's worth a hundred thousand dollars. Or he'll fly over to Italy just to sell one pair of shoes that's worth 80, $90,000 when I get 'em. I don't be paying that. Right. But yeah. What's the most, what's the, what's the most expensive pair of sneakers?


I don't have to know how much you paid for, but what, what would you say you have that's, that's Custom for you? Probably my 1985 collection. I got maybe six pairs of Jordan. Jordan ones from 1985. All of them was a pretty penny. Do are you not you, you're not gonna wear 'em are you? I on my feet. I wear 'em when he was in Japan. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm one of them. But yeah, I don't, I don't spend money on stuff that's other than shoes. So for me, I've always wanted to collect shoes. I've always wanted to be a sneaker head, but I just never could afford it. I used to wear air walks in high school and I used to get made fun of a lot. That was the only time, I wouldn't even say bullied, but you know, people roast. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I used to get roasted all the time for shoes.


But it was, like I said, I either was wearing hand-me-downs or I was wearing, like I said, air walks or stuff that my, my mom and dad could afford. I got in trouble once my brother, he wore a size 12. I wore a size eight and a half. I took a pair of his Air Force ones and he used to like color 'em like with this, back when you used to get like white Air Force one and color 'em with a coloring pencil. Yeah. I took a pair of 'em. I stuffed three pair of socks in 'em, put 'em in my book bag. He was gonna wear 'em to school that day. I had no idea. I put in my book bag, I used to take the bus, so I walked to the bus stop my mama. I had a full outfit back there too. I had a polo that came to like down here. It was supposed to come up here, but it was like down here. Oh, You don't steal all your brother clothes, huh? Oh, I'm stealing everything.


I go to school, I go to the, the bathroom. I take rubber bands. This is no lie. I take rubber bands. I take the sleeves, put the sleeves up here, put the rubber bands up. I take the socks, put 'em in the shoes. I'm walking around school looking like bozo to climb my shoes. Coming up here. My mama, I ran, I'm walking through the hallway feeling like that guy. I randomly hear my mama voice. You know your mama voice cut through everything. Yeah. I randomly hear my mama voice. I look up and she's standing there with my brother, like, that was his outfit for the day. I'm like, oh. I start running, Book it, Book it. I'm running through the hallway, end up, they end up catching me. End up putting the, the other clothes back on. I got talked about that so much. Like for weeks bro.


For weeks. But now I think that has has sparked the, now that I can afford the shoes that I've always wanted back then. Right. I go and go get 'em and yeah, treat myself a little bit.


Did you get to see my live on whatnot? A few weeks ago I sold 300 pairs of sneakers from my personal collection and all the proceeds are going to my alma mater Savannah state that's going to be donated at a later date in time. The best part of the night was someone purchased a pair of shoes off my feet. For those who don't know whatnot is a live stream shopping platform where you can buy and bid on items in just about every category you can think of for the sneakerhead whatnot, is celebrating the best sneakers of 2024 with two days of crazy deals and giveaways from hundreds of sellers. You don't wanna miss it. It's on December 5th and sixth on whatnot. Use my code Shannon. 15 for $15 off your first purchase. Over $20.


Not knowing how long this is gonna last. Hopefully it last Another 10, 15, 20 years investing. Are you a big investor now? And be smart with your money because like you said, you never imagined in your wildest I. don don't even know if you thought if you would become a professional MMA fighter, you'd be making bread like this A thousand percent. So again, I have a very strong team behind me. Like I said, we just bought our first h our first house. It's been maybe like a year and a half almost. Yeah. I would say like a year and a half where we start making this kind of money. We, we are doing big things. Shannon first shout out to to BET and shout out to Churchy.


We about to be on tv. Wow. We gonna do a, a sitcom churchy. Kevin on stage, one of my best friends, he has a, a sitcom that runs on normal cable and it runs on BET plus. That's big for us. You know, normal cable is different. Yeah. It's different when you on an app, but if you could just scroll on cable, you could see a TV show. Yeah, for sure. That's a different level. So I think that's, it's just, that's investing and reinvesting in ourselves. The first year and a half, we literally just took all of the money that we was making and we put it right back into what we was doing. Okay. So with food tour, like I said, all of that, most of that comes out of pocket. Right. Because when you got too many hands in it, people get, get to tell you how to do it and what to do. I like my family being on, on the forefront.


And when I work with companies, if I was work with a company that sponsored the whole food tour, I don't think that'd be the reality. So we really just invested all of our money right back. That's very expensive to go on a road like that. Oh yeah. Like it ain't no joke. Like from hotels to flights to like the restaurants itself to just driving around in a sprinter all day. It add up bro. Like, but again it, to get a blessing, you gotta be a blessing and pouring into what I felt like I was called to do has brought us to where we are now. I think I'm gonna speak it into existence these next few years are gonna be like insane I don't know where I'm gonna be.


I'm saying it right now. When I look back at this three, four years from now, as long as I'm with my family and I'm happy, that's all that matters to me. Wow. Yeah. Impersonations, you become people like the parody, they like to parody you now. How do you feel about that? It's hilarious to me. It Is one of those things where I feel like it's only a few people who's done it well. Keenan Thompson being one of 'em. SNL Yeah, he did. They got me too. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie, I, I like when people are realistic about the impression, a lot of times it's to like a, a trope to impersonate me and it's like a very stereotypical like, hi my name is Keith Lee, I got it, let's try it and rate a one through 10. I don't talk like that.


I don't sound like that at all. It'd be like real high pitched and real like Stuy. The only reason I speak in that cadence and that conver again, you doing a great job. 'cause we touching stuff that I didn't think we was gonna touch. The only reason I speak like that is because again, my social anxiety, if I don't slow down, you won't understand anything that's coming on my mouth. Right. They always say I like you say I got a speech impediment. That's Why I say what? Who told you I got a speech impeded. You been talking my wife before the camera turned off. So I was like, hey, always talking About my voice. So the only way that I can make sure I'm enunciating and you can hear me is to slow down and talk in a very mono tone relaxed way. But if you do an impersonation, it just gotta be like calm.


Yeah. I feel like that's more than anything. I don't talk like this. Keenan said he tried to Hennessy habanero Fruity Pebbles chicken sandwich from Lisa Soul Foods in Atlanta. Yeah, he got it. Shout out to SNL. Yeah, he got it. Yeah, he got it. So on a scale of one to 10, you give him a 10 for that one? Yeah. Yeah. He, he was the best one so far. There is a guy who, he been impersonate me for like a year and a half to the point where that's like his main page. Yeah. Is that the evil Keith Lee Uhuh? No his name because you got Evil evil Keith Lee Also. I got a few Keith Lee Doppelgangers. But it is, no, there's one guy, he does like Keith Lee Parities, but he's like in Atlanta and we met him in person.


We don't look nothing like really? He like six feet tall. He was like six feet tall. He had like plats. He didn't even have locks. And he walked to me, he's like, yeah, people tell me we look like all the time. I was looking. Yeah. He was like six two. I looked up out You say No we don't. I'm Five nine. Like, but I feel Like, like impersonation wise Yeah it is definitely Ken. Ken got it right. You had, you already did run into some controversy with the Tar Taraji p Henson. Oh, let's talk about it. Shannon. Take What, what happened? All right, so again, these, these are things that I've never talked about specifically because I like my family to be on the forefront and I like the restaurant to be the main, the main focus. The main focus. The only time I do speak on it is when I feel like it's starting to affect my family or it's starting to affect the money that I bring in for my family.


But like the details of it, I've never gotten into the details. So we'll get into the details. So I had a conversation with BET before we had walked out or anything. We did a convention. It was with, it was like a food econ or something maybe like a week before. And we met one of the heads from B Teeter. Okay. And we had did the BT awards the year before. So when we met her, she was like, oh yeah, what y'all wearing to the BT awards At this point we didn't even have an invitation. So I'm like, I'm not I don't know, we not going. She like, what? Everybody would love to have y'all there, y'all gotta be there. We love y'all so much. And this whole year we had worked with BT maybe like three or four times prior to this. Okay.


And she was like, yeah, we love you. We, we want you here. Like we had a full conversation. They end up getting us the tickets. We had front row tickets, we had the red carpet and all of that. I told her beforehand, the love that y'all say that y'all have for us, I don't feel it because when y'all do mention us or y'all do bring us up in conversation, it's always the most negative thing that you can possibly talk about. Oh. It's always like the drama or like, it's never like we went to a restaurant and we was blessed enough to leave thousands of people at a restaurant that was about to close tomorrow or like anything that be, that was positive and it is 90% I would like to think is 90% positive what we do.


Right. 10% of the right. And I felt like a lot of times it was the bullshit that was being brought up. So I had a conversation with her transparently about it. Okay. And we talked about it. We talked again before we got, before we went up into the award show. We was sitting backstage and I was talking to one of the heads of BT and I told her the same thing. And I was saying, you don't have to include us. I'm okay with being in the sprinter van with my family and just eating food. That's more than enough of me. If you are gonna include us, include from a place that y'all want us here. And not just because we viral or we food influencers that like are big right now. I was like included from a place of the love that you say that you have for us.


Correct. Because what I don't like is that you come to us every time you see me, it's immediately like, oh we love you so much. We wanna do this, we wanna do that. And then nothing comes out of it. Right? Right. So we go to the war show. We sitting behind DC Young Fly, we sit next to what's his name? No, the the original seats that we were in. We was sitting next to a older guy and everybody was like being super rowdy. And me and him we talking, we having conversations, we laughing with each other. I'm telling him like, you ain't gotta worry about my wife standing up and twerking. We sitting here, we enjoying the show. Right. We laughing, we having a ball. So it's probably halfway through the show, a person from BET walks up or a person from production walks up and she says, Hey, we about to switch your seats in a minute because we're doing a episode or we doing a a segment to where we giving people they flowers.


Right. Right. Mind you, I just talked to BET right a hour ago and I'm like, y'all don't have to do this. I'm okay sitting in these seats. Right. Having conversations with, I think his name was Dr. Bobby Jones now. Yeah. Me sitting next to Dr. Bobby Jones, I'm like, this is more than enough of me. Right. Like I'm more than thankful just to be here. They like, no, we gonna sit you on the front row and we gonna get your flowers and we really wanna highlight you. We really wanna, and I'm saying all this to the production lady, like, don't bring us up here with the like I'm okay with sitting here. She's like, no, come on. So they come get us maybe like 10 minutes later. They put us in Tyler, she was sitting there, she had got up and left. So they put us in Tyler's seats sitting next to Tyler. We sit next to Jordan and what's Jordan might be Jordan Jordan?


No. Jordan Stallion. He's a guy from TikTok. Okay. He does like the, where he like turned his camera around. He in the bathroom and he like do like reaction videos. Okay. Me and Jordan look nothing alike good. Again, Jordan's six two, big scruffy beard. He got curly Afro. Me and Jordan are are really friends too. That's what made all of this even crazier. So me and Jordan, we sitting there, they Taraji come out and this is the biggest thing that I want to get throughout this whole story. I didn't blame Taraji for one second because it was all production that was making things. It's on the card that didn't have to be made. Right. That was making a, a spectacle that had no, I no business being a spectacle.


So they come around, she's starting to do her her segment. We're reading the prompter and owner prompter is saying like, give fly Jay, her flowers say this about fly Jay do this, that and the third. So she reading off of the prompter for Fly Jay specifically, she do like two or three more people. She come over to us and she immediately walked past me, walk to Jordan and she start talking to Jordan as if she was as Jordan was me. And I'm reading a prompter and the prompter is saying like Keith Lee tell Keith Lee give Keith Lee flowers this that a third. And she look at Jordan and she go, I bet you rate this award show 10 outta 10. And Jordan go, oh no, no, no, no. That's him. Mind you, at this whole time I'm not upset it's Raji at all.


I'm like, I understand a whole bunch is going on. They just threw this on you. They didn't have to throw this on you. Right. Again, we was okay sitting in the back. Like they just made this a last minute ditch effort to, to give us our flowers. They had a con, she come over, she like, oh my bad. She immediately start like improving because again, this is a situation where it's a lot going on. So she starts saying like, you look good too. Even though my wife is sitting right here. She like, oh you look good. Give you give him his flowers, this, that, and the third. And then she tell Jordan that he look good and just a whole bunch of improv. She leave me and Jordan looking at each other like, what just happened? Who best? Like it was the craziest thing.


I'm looking, I'm sitting there like, you didn't have to do that. Like my wife and I were more than content with just being in the moment. So sitting, sitting in, in the seat where we were chilling, having a good time talking. You didn't have to do all of that. So, But you put us in that spot and f it up For no reason. Now that I opened my phone, literally when I say five seconds after half, I opened my phone. We, the number one thing on Twitter and it's like Keith Lee looks so embarrassed. His wife looked humiliated and his wife, they, she was flirting in front of his wife. She was this, that and a third. And they was just dragging the situation out. And I took a road, I took the roads that they gave me.


I dropped it on the flow. The reason I dropped it on the flow. 'cause this whole time I'm like, that's not for me. That wasn't meant for me. What was meant for me was to sit there where I was sitting at and mind my business because if it was meant for me, it would've went just as smooth as everything else was going. Like I said, we was sitting there laughing, smiling, having fun. When I dropped the Rose, I was speaking directly to production. Like, don't do this again. If we gonna come and we going to enjoy the world show, enjoy it. How we had the conversation, mind you, I know all of this is happening because I had the conversation with him before. But people online, they just see, oh, he dropped the rose. He talking directly about Taraji. So they make it into a huge thing of like me disrespecting her, this, that and third. So I take the video down because I am a supporter of black women and I'm a supporter of us as a people.


And to see her on stage killing it the way she killed it, I didn't want that to be clouded by the unnecessary. So I took the video down specifically for that reason. But then, you know, people dig into that. They like, why he take the video down? It's because people was getting on his head and this, that, and the third. So Taraji come out and she say, yeah, his ego was hurt. And the whole time I'm like, Taraji, I didn't, had no issue. I didn't have no problem with you. I, if anything, I felt like she should have understood that I was talking directly to production. Right. Because I know the situation that she was in, we was in it together. We was literally looking at the prop, the prompter and the teleprompter together. So I understand that it was nothing that she did, it just was a spare of the moment kind of thing. And I felt like she would understand that I wasn't coming from a place of attacking her.


But it was one of those things where it was like, it is what it is. I still got love for Taraji. I never had no ill will in my heart for her. I still got love for bt. That's why I said we doing the BET thing. 'cause we call, I called them. We had a con, I still haven't had a conversation with Taraji, but BT called me and we had a full conversation. I told 'em exactly how I felt and they apologized and they was like, we understand that it was super last minute. And next time we do something we gonna plan it out and we actually going to think about it and make it a a, a heartfelt thing if we gonna actually do it. But how did it make you feel for probably the first time since you started and you became this internet sensation that you had, had people kind of come for you? Mm. How did you, how did you, how did you tell it?


How did your wife handle it? 'cause you, you guys are a package deal. I was pissed off, but I was pissed off from a perspective of it was being made as if I was going at Taraji. I don't care what people say about me, people been talking about me my whole life. So I told you I've always been the the one that stick up for myself. So that, that part in my head again, I don't see myself like that anyway. Right. So you can say he ain't a celebrity, he wanna be a celebrity. I wanna be Keith. I don't wanna be nothing else. Right. So when those comments was coming, I wasn't paying no attention to it. Only time I ever got upset is when people was like, he's down in black women. He's taking away from the shine of a black woman in a black woman's time where she was doing something amazing for us and pushing a culture forward. That's when I was getting pissed off.


Right. Because I didn't want it to be misconstrued that I was coming to her. My family will tell you, I literally was having conversation with them and I was like, bro, if they just leave, leave her out of this. And then when she started getting mad at me, I'm like, why is, why are we going at it? Like why is it always spun to where it's two of us that look the same, getting into an altercation that don't need to be had? Would you have felt better had she just you if she would've picked up the phone or somebody could've put you guys in contact with each other so you guys could talk To this thing a thousand percent? Yeah. Man to woman rather than just saying like, oh, his ego hurt. Like I feel like if, but again, I'm not, I don't expect anything because we don't have no personal relationship. Right. I understand. It was just as stressful for her to get all of those comments and getting all of the, the feedback and so just as stressful.


And again, it was clouting which she was doing that night. Right. So I understand the frustration from her end. 'cause she like, I'm doing something that I've always dreamed about doing and getting. 'cause you know, she came out publicly about her not getting the respect that she deserves. Right? And she was getting the respect that she deserved. And I, and it got clouded by something that's stupid that's dropping the rose. So I feel like from her perspective, I fully understand Alex said, I don't hold no ill will or no feelings or torture.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance to a single elimination in season tournament culminating in the NBA Cup championship in Las Vegas. First time here's some special just for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins Score big with Draft King Sports book. Every point counts. Download the draft King Sports Sportsbook app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/b ball


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and Knicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-Fi thriller Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew stirring Jude law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan. Face Bank. Na member FDIC.


It's one thing that I did I didn't wanna talk about. What's up? I didn't even think about it. The BET words. Yeah. This again, I've never spoke on this before. There was a video that came out of a guy walking up in Gerald, Gerald Houston. You know, he walk around with the cameras, the glasses, the cameras on his glasses and he purposely mistaken people for other people and he did it to us and he called me DDG. Yeah. And he walked up and it turned into like a fiasco of what? Of us. Like actually getting into it. I went to make it very clear. 'cause again, I never spoke on it. I didn't have no problem with Gerald. Gerald grabbed me right when he walked up up the thing and he grabbed my waist right. And I was like, Hey, don't do that. Right. It's the difference between him saying, oh, you DDG, I'm the type to laugh about that. I don't care about people. No, I'm not D Ling. Yeah, but I don't care about people trouble.


Yeah. But me and DDG stood next to each other. He came, I, I just met his mama was that last week. And my whole family said, we look alike. So from that part I was like, I can laugh. Like Right. I just don't like being touched. It Was the touching part. So I, I wanted to make that very clear. I think that was one of my biggest things I wanted to get off while we doing this is that like, if we trolling you trolling, I get that. I just don't like being touched bro. Yeah. Like I think that comes from me being a fighter my whole life and from just anxiety in general and me being outside and really trying to get to that space of being comfortable in those spaces of Right. A thousand people around us and taking pictures and whatnot. I'm getting a lot better and I do pride myself on that. It's just the the touch it. Right. That takes me immediately back to like get away from me.


Like don't grab me troll, But keep your hands to Yourself. Exactly. Exactly. But it was fun to like, I was mad that he was calling me DDG and, and I wanted to be a celebrity and I want him to know who I am and I was mad. He ain't know. I didn't care about none of that. I don't care if you know who I am, God know who I am, man. My family know who I am. That's what matters the most to me.


Go James and the Lakers are back putting on a show and you know, I gotta get the best deal on tickets. That's why I need to tell you about my sponsor. SeatGeek. With over 28 million downloads. SeatGeek is the number one rated ticketing app. There are more than 70,000 events on SeatGeek, including concerts, sports festivals, and more sports. I'm excited to go see the Lakers.


Y'all know who it is. It's your favorite. And I'm riding around here in Vegas with my guy Keith Lee and he's the internet's most popular and famous food critic. He was named one of Forbes 30 under 30 class member for 2024. A viral food and local restaurant reviewer. Charitable influencer and advocate for small businesses. One of the top digital content creators, social media superstar and sensation king of TikTok food community. He has over 19 million followers between TikTok and Instagram. A farmer, mixed martial arts fighter, beloved father, husband, and he's the people champ. Keith Lee. God is amazing man. I'm honored. I appreciate it bro. All my life. Grinding all my life.


Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the bro D, the swat. All my life I be grinding all my life. Look all my life. Grinding all my life. S I'm excited about this. Who you was intro and I said who that I, don't know who that man is, But I mean I appreciate this, this tour of Vegas and some of the local hotspots. Let's do it. Yeah, I'm excited. I'm super excited.


What are the five best cities for food? Top five and order You, you can put 'em in order if you like or you can just give me your top five. My order personally? Yes. New Orleans number one. Okay. Houston is number two. Okay. Chicago is number three. Wow. Toronto will be four. Okay. Right now I, I would go Miami. Yeah. If I had to think of where I would go back, I would go Miami for sure man. But top three is solid. My top three is New Orleans, Houston and Chicago. Wow. Solid. No, no Atlanta, no New York M So very specific reasons why I say that. Right? Yeah. So for those that don't know, we go, we go on food tour but we go on food tour for people that look like us and people who come from the background that we come from.


Okay. So we specifically do it for people that can jump on a plane that are foodies and just wanna go try food. Right? So I don't do it in a way where you can go call the biggest influencer in that city or the biggest celebrity and have them chauffeur you around and show you places. I do it specifically for people that literally just wanna go try food. Okay. So we go to spots that are more on a unknown level, places that only locals know about if you know, you know kind of places that have great food, great custom service but can need the marketing. But we also go to staples of the community to show respect to each city that we go to. So when I'm picking these places that are my top five is more on accessibility. Okay. Like what's the easiest to jump on a plane and just go get some great food.


Okay. And I feel like New York isn't in that top five for me because the accessibility of to know the spots is really hard to find great spots unless you're from there. Correct. And, if you do meet somebody that's from there, if y'all not super close, if you just meeting this person for the first time, they more than likely not gonna give you the spots that they go to. Right. Because one, they don't want the spots blown up. So they don't want everybody there. Two, they aren't a super welcoming group of people. Right. They want you to be a Taurus and that's it. But once you start venturing off of that and you start deepening it, digging into like local spots and spots they've been going to for years and spots they have nostalgia attached to. They don't want no parts of it. Yeah.


What's the best seat to get pizza in New York? Got that. New York. New York? Yeah. New York. Got that. That was one of the best things that we had when we was there was pizza. I'm from Detroit so I like a deep dish. Big hearty. I tried but Deep, deep dish. Oh I'm a deep dish. I like To bend. See, but that's 'cause you from Atlanta. Yeah. Understood. Yeah. And that I feel like, are You born originally? I'm from south Georgia, Georgia. Understood, understood. Yeah. But I see like when I get that deep dish, I feel like I'm eating a piece of cake or something. It just Pretty much, Yeah. Yeah. See now if you, if you don't like a, a super thick then I would say, but personally, like I, I'm from Detroit so I like a deep dish. I like, I like the dough to be super high quality and to be the main focus.


What about, what's the five most underrated cities? Oh, you put me on the spot. Let's go there. Shannon. Top five. Most un most underrated. I would go Detroit. Okay. I feel like not a lot of people know that Detroit has a food scene. Seattle I feel like is one of those places again, if you know, you know, if you a true foodie, you know Seattle has a great food scene. Baton Rouge. Baton Rouge is is a place that is very specific now. Like it's, I it is black people, black people, black country food. So if you are in the country food, I'm talking about hog mall neck ball. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Smothered everything. Smothered and covered. Then Baton Rouge is definitely a, a under known spot.


Arizona. Oh, Arizona. That's perfect. Arizona. I feel like Arizona is underrated. And the reason I say that is because you get a lot of healthy spots, but you also get very authentic from my knowledge. Authentic Southwestern. Yeah. Southwestern food. Even they have a really big native popul population. Absolutely native food. Yep. And I've never been to a place that has native food. Right. Milwaukee got a a, a good food scene. That's, that's pretty underrated. Wow. Yep. Oh Dallas. Dallas got a food scene that's definitely underrated. Really For sure it's here or miss because it's a place that like doesn't have much of a big food culture other than barbecue. Right? Yes. And Southern Texas roots.


But as far as stepping into other cuisines and other ethnic ethnicities, they don't really do it that much. Right. So, but the barbecue alone carries Yeah. Some of the best barber I ever had in my life. What about the worst where you go like, man, y'all be, y'all, they be hyping this up and it ain't even like that Food wise. Yeah. New York family. Yeah. So you Know, you going to stop talking about Atlanta. I just want you to know that's my whole, so this is based Off of our experience. Absolutely. So for me, Atlanta and I, it is, I'm, I'm so happy you asking this. Atlanta had really good food. Atlanta had a good food scene. It's just you had to be somebody in order to get food. Do you have the name drop when you go to Atlanta and get food?


Nah. 'cause I really don't go the places that I go to, they kind of know me. So when I like I call and they, they gonna take care of me but I, I ain't Nah. But do you feel like if they didn't know Shannon Shark? No. Hell no. I Ain't getting there. They ain't be like hell nah. And that's exactly why I say we do the food tour for people that really wanna jump on a plane and just go get food. Yeah. If we go to a place specifically because I'm Keith Lee and we go eat at the best restaurant and people want to jump on a plane and go try that spot, They're not gonna be able to get the The service. They're not gonna be able to get it. Not only the service, they're not gonna be able to get the food. Right. They gonna go in there and everybody, oh, we ain't got no bookings for the rest of the day. Right. This, that third. But let Shannon Sharp walk in, we got six tables is wide open, we about to clean them right now. You get the fresh food.


So that's one of the main s of why we do, why We, so it's ma it is not so much the food, it's the service. Absolutely. In order to get the food. Yeah, For Sure. Are you surprised you got so much blow back for, for when you critique Atlanta and you let them know that it's not so much the food, it's the, the service it, if you're not somebody, you're not, you're not getting in. They're always crowded, they're always booked and and they only treat people that of, of influence. Was I surprised? No, because it is like ripping a bandaid off of something that people didn't know was a scar. Right. If you from there and you was born and raised in that environment, you don't know no better. Right. You think that that's what the food scene is and you think that's what culture is, right.


Because that's part of Atlanta's culture. Right. I just came from a perspective of somebody who wasn't from there and somebody who was experiencing it for the first time. The death threats and whatnot was I surprised about that. Yeah. That was the first time I ever experienced something like that. People Taking food that Serious. Oh it's bad. It is real. Even in DC we got a death threat from a guy who like, who's a, a rapper out there and he talking about next time he come instead of reviewing food, we gonna review his life or something like that. Nah, we just eating food man. Yeah. It's like ro my opinion isn't the end all be all. No, I understand that. Everybody has a different opinion on food and I always say that, but I get how the internet gets too and I don't blame 'em because people are prideful and where they come from.


Right. And people have a lot of, of of love and nostalgia in the city that they come from and they feel personally attacked. And I wanna make put it on a record right now that when we go for the food tour is not to find what the best food is. It's specifically to highlight the restaurants that, that have great food, great customer service, but can need marketing. And don't get the marketing specifically because either they in a food desert to where a lot of people don't have access to the food that they, that they would need or want. Or two, it's a location based place or three, it's a place where the owners have put so much into the restaurant itself that they don't have the time or the money to market. Right. 'cause a lot of people who do food reviews, that's why I don't consider myself a food influencer or a food creator, any of that.


'cause I don't charge restaurants anything. Right. When I first started, people was telling me I could charge anywhere from 5,000 to 10,000 per video for a restaurant. And I know people that do that, that charge more more than way more than that. But I specifically do it for the restaurants and I don't charge them a dime. So that's what the food tour about. It's about, it's about marketing these places and it's about going out and trying food that my mom can go in the next day and get the same experience that we got Old school as. Yeah. Atlanta has good brunch. Yeah. Yeah. Atlanta good bru for sure. Yeah. You has, you call hell getting in there for bru Atlanta And I don't want that to be mistaken at all.


Atlanta has Food. They're not, you're not saying they don't have good food. Yeah. Atlanta a really good food, A good bunch of anything you just said. The customer service, the Way I really like the people in Atlanta, I love how many of us is out there. I love the, the wealth that's out there and the things that, that those kids that are from there are exposed to when it comes to black wealth, when it comes to black excellence, when it comes to a community that's built around us for us. I never want that to be lost in translation when it comes to the mecca of what we do and the highlight of us is Atlanta. But at the same time, if you ain't got a certain status or a certain million followers, you better cook at home For the show or eat before you leave at home.


The week will be a minute. A thousand percent. Yeah. Do you try crazy foods? Have you tried crazy foods? Oh Yeah. What you consider crazy. I mean, I ate as a kid. I ate raccoon. I ate squirrel, ate rabbit. You turtle You Country? Country. No, I, I try anything that I always say, I'll try anything once. Right. So you would try raccoon Possum? Yeah. I'll try it once. Okay. But I like it. I don't know. Right. You eat, which, but how do you eat it? You eat like cool soup? No, no, no. You, you bake it. You put it like bake. Yeah. Put it, yeah. You put it in the oven, you cut it up. Bell peppers, onion, celery. You put it in there. Oven. Oh, You a different kind of country. Shannon. No, I, I'm not gonna lie to you and say I won't because again, I'm a foodie, so.


Right. I get very interested in stuff. I'm the type to my, my family be getting mad at me all the time. Right. I'm the type to walk into a random establishment and be like, Ooh. We was in Seattle and we walked by and we saw ducks hanging out the window. Yeah. We walked in, got a duck, he cut the head off right in front of us and we went in the car and ate it. That was my first time ever doing something like that. But I'll do everything once. Do you like duck? It was Really good. This is good. I mean, yeah. It depends on where you get it from. Yeah. A lot of times it can be gamey. Yes. It can be a little too overpowering. Yeah. And chewy and texture. Yes. But the one we just had was super crispy. It was flavorful, it was fresh. It was juicy. Like I said, they took it right off the rack and cut it in front of us. You Like quail? I like quail. I like Quail. Yeah. Yeah. We just had a, a quail egg. The scotch from when we was in Seattle, it was like a scotch egg.


It was wrapped and it was fried, but it was a quail egg that was wrapped in bacon and then fried again on the outside. It was good. Yeah. But you need to eat like seven of 'em to get full. Yeah. That's a fact. They like this be I eat Shannon. Yeah. I'm a eating man. Yeah. For the show I saw where you ate the sushi worm. I knew that was coming. So when we was in Seattle, we went to a place, it was a sushi spot Okay. That a bunch of people were recommended. Okay. It was a staple of the community and it was out the door when we went. So we went just to show respect to the city and go to a place that was a staple. Okay. I did the full review, did the full video, I posted it Two days later, somebody tagged me in a clip of them slowing it down. And on one of the nagis there was a, what seemed to be something moving, I can't confirm it or not what it was, I'm not gonna say it's a worm or parasite or anything.


It was something that looked like it was moving and I ate it. I had no idea what it was. I had no idea that it was anything moving into somebody tagging me in that video. Okay. That whole thing spiraled into something else. Allegedly. I, I can't confirm or deny that this is specifically from the restaurant, but somebody was hospitalized a day after we left. And again, I can't confirm or not it was from that restaurant. And in my mind, if anybody did go to a restaurant that we did go to and they were sick in any way, I came and spoke, spoke up about it because I wanted to send my heart and my, my, my support to that person. Right. They say they come in, you like sushi. I love sushi.


Yeah. I, I've never had it. I just, I just like my food cooked. I just can't. You don't like nothing raw? No, I Can't. I was about to say something. I'm gonna leave it alone. Yeah. Really? Yeah. I, I'm a, I like something wrong, but not No, come on Michelle. I know you going see, but yeah. No, I, So I, I, again, I'm a foodie. I can't have shellfish, but I explore with everything else other than shellfish. Right. So That restaurant got closed down though, right. From allegedly, from what I hear, they did put a statement out and said that it was closed, but I believe it was closed because they are looking internally. The owners have reached out to me on a bunch of different occasions and I get the impression that they are just fine tuning things Yeah.


And getting things together because I don't get the impression that they were malicious in any c any fashion or that they were neglectful. I believe it just was a Isolated incident. I feel like it was just an unfortunate incident that was put on the internet and I feel like anybody could have put on the internet and it would've blew up in the same manner. It just so happened to be that we were the ones that that posted it. Right. But I truly believe that not only in my opinion, I even gave the sushi that had the alleged whatever it was moving on it. I gave it like a 8.5 and that was the highest thing out of the entire thing. Right. Of the entire, what I was eating. Because in my opinion, it was delicious. Right. I just believe that once they take a step back and really like see what, what it was, that could have been an issue that they'll be back better than others.


And I'm not opposed of going back. And That's where I I was going, I was gonna ask you, would you be open to going back and offering another review? Absolutely. I'm not opposed to going back if I'm welcomed. If it's not a review, if it's just having a conversation. If it's being back on opening day and bringing my family and, and showing my support and showing that. I mean it. When I say I understand it as a business, it's a lot harder than just food itself. And I had nothing but respect and love for, for them and what they do. Keith, I went shopping yesterday for you. I know you'll be doing all these reviews and sometimes the food is really, really good and you want to take some of it home. So I went shopping for you at Amazon.


I got you something. That's Fire. Keep the leftover sir. That's fire. I appreciate you man. You ain't help man. Just being here with you is more than a gift. Appreciate you man These days. All right Shannon. This is where everything started and we was in here two years ago. We've been living here for like three or four years. This is where I had my babies at. This is where everything started for me as far as contracts for us fighting food reviews, starting at Papa Cho chair. Yeah. This is the Mecca for real. This is the beginning of Keith Lee as we know it.


Absolutely. And then I,


Yeah. The days are warmer, the walks are longer. And one easy way to help your dog shine this season is with fresh, healthy food from farmer's, dog farmer's. Dogs make fresh real food and delivers it right to your door. Recipes are developed by vet nutritionist made from real meat and veggies and proportion just for your dog, making it easy to say goodbye to burnt brown balls. Feed your dog real food with real benefits. My Pomeranian Teddy love the stuff and this coat has never looked better. If smart, healthy pet food, you can feel good about feeding your pup. And it's the best option for your dog of all life stages because it's not kibble, it's not canned. Go. It's real healthy food. And it doesn't matter if your dog is young or old. It's always the right time to begin investing in their health. That means more happy, healthy, full years together. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food from farmer's dog.com/shesha, plus you get free shipping. Just go to farmer's dog.com/shesha to get 50% off. That's farmer's dog.com/shesha.


Keith, we're back at the condo where it all started. Absolutely. Being back here, what kind of memories come rushing back? Everything, man, this is insane to me. So literally from, we moved in here 2019 when me and my wife had no money coming in for real. When I say no money, we was trying to figure out how to even survive down there. The rent was a thousand dollars. We moved in, we had both our babies here. The pandemic happened here. All of the videos that you see online happened here. Me even starting on TikTok 'cause I always had bad social anxiety. So I never posted. I never, man, four years ago you could never gimme on camera. Right? So like this is where everything, me even getting comfortable to be on camera started I. Don't know if you can feel it, but it's like, I'm getting goosebumps bro.


Right? Like I ain't been here so long. I'm like, look, you can see that. Yeah, I see here Standing up man. But yeah, this, this mean everything to me. You mentioned that you started posting the TikTok videos to help with your stuttering, to help with your social anxiety and also to help you because in MMA you're gonna have to do interviews. Absolutely. And so you could be more fluid in your conversation. How did, how did the TikTok, what made you think say, you know what, let me get behind the camera. Let me just talk, build up some courage to do this. And then once I get in front of people, I should be able to do it. Sitting right here doing interviews. I was sitting, I had like a little table and I would sit doing inter MMA interviews and I would be so bad it would literally mess up my entire week. Like from the point where like the second I gotta think about doing the interview right to three or four days before the interview, to the actual interview, to a week after interview.


It literally would just like ruin me. I'd be sweating, I'd be nervous, I'd be clammy. So during the pandemic, we ain't really had nothing else to do. Like we, like I said, she was pregnant. So my brother fought in Brazil and the second he fought from in Brazil, the pandemic started while I was out there. Wow. So she called me and so they don't really, they didn't really have the same newsfeed that they have out here. So when my wife called me, she like everybody taking stuff off the shelves, they panicking, they grabbing stuff and they wearing masks and that's, this is when it first started. So you know, people were wearing hazmat suit and all type. So she called me and she was panicking and I'm like, okay, as long as I can get back then I'll be safe, be good. But I was worried about getting back and so by the time I got back I was like, whatever we need to do to get this issue, like under wraps even a little bit, I'm gonna start doing.


And TikTok at that point it was either like you was made fun of for having it or you people was like, bro you missing out 'cause this is where everybody we in the house. So this is where everybody at. So I think it's one of those things where God don't make no mistakes and my wife was telling me to do it so I was like, I'm as well. Try it. Seeing where you are now, seeing where you were then, what's going through your mind? Emotions, bro. Like I'm trying not to cry. I ain't gonna lie to you. Yeah, it is, it's surreal because I remember vividly having conversations about the exact moment that we in right now coming back and rejoicing and having like that, like I made it moment and the fact that it's here, I don't even think it's impo.


I think it's impossible to put into words. Right. I just can't wait for my kids to be able to watch this. 'cause I got a 4-year-old and 2-year-old and both of 'em are born in his house. So I just can't wait for 'em to watch this and, and let 'em know their daddy made it. Yeah. You mentioned the MMA aspect of it. So how did sports help you get over your anxiety? Because you're around people all the time. I mean, it's kind of hard to play sports and not have a conversation, not be having interaction. So did it help or hurt you playing sports? I would say it kind of hurt me because the, the sports that I was playing. So I wrestled all from middle school to high school to my first year in college. And even my first year in college, the only reason I didn't wrestle all the way through is through is 'cause I couldn't afford it. So I got kicked out. But I feel like the reason it hurt is because wrestling and MMA guys are very awkward anyway and a lot of 'em go through a lot of eating disorders.


They go through a lot of anxiety, a lot of depression. But it's not a thing that spoke of in the sport. It's not a lot of people that come in the forefront and say it because we MMA fighters, we like the modern day gladiators. We supposed to be the tough guys. So I think a lot of it is is hidden. So for me, once I got into the real world and I got into a space where I wasn't around nothing but fighters or wrestlers, it made me feel like the outcast. I always kind of felt like outcast even in wrestling. But even more so when I was in normal society. Because you had, it's a different level you gotta turn off when you fighting. Yeah, For sure. Absolutely. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's a different level. You gotta turn off You, you really fighting, You locked in. So it's, it's something that, that I feel like a lot of people don't have to be able to switch on and switch off.


So for me it was hard to switch that off once I got into like a space where people looked at me more for doing cooking videos or more for doing food critic videos. And they looked at me for fighting because as you know, as a professional athlete, you think that's all you gonna do for the rest of your life. Correct. So it was such a drastic change for me that I felt like fighting hurt. It hurt a little bit because again, I didn't have that social interaction with people. All the social interaction with people I had was people that got kicked in the head for a living. Right. So it was like they talk different, they act different, they have a different mindset. So once I got into this space and I'm like, you don't worry about getting punched in the face, But did it because like as you mentioned other fighters, they're kind of socially awkward, kind of like, like yourself.


Absolutely. They have anxiety, they don't really care to be speaking on camera. Did it give you a certain level of comfort hanging around people that were kind of just like you, you guys had something in common Subconsciously? Yeah. 'cause like I said, you don't really know what you don't know. Right. I didn't know. 'cause I I don't really consider myself socially awkward. I consider myself a person who willfully exits from conversations, say exit from social interactions. So again, it is something that you don't even realize until you get around other people and you like, wait, y'all just be sitting here talking to people like you be mingling. Right. Like I never did that. Like even networking I don't do that. Are You naturally an introverted person? Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. A thousand percent. I think a lot of it is trauma based. I had a very traumatic childhood.


Okay. My parents did the best that they could because my, my mom and dad were always super involved. I've just always been kind of like a quiet stu state of myself kind of person. And then when I didn't and I tried to step out of that and tried to be like the life of the party and like the extrovert that would go, go out, party, drink, smoke, I always ended up in like, I was always the one that was targeted for some reason. Right. And I, I genuinely believe now in retrospect it was because God was telling me that that's not for you and you're trying to fit into something that don't belong for you. So I'm gonna make you an example and I'm gonna stick you in the forefront. And I felt like that was always the example for me


Game on. Because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESP n plus together like never before. With esp n plus. Unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu watch the terrifying sci-Fi thriller alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studios, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan. Face Bank. A member FDIC.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers. Working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Being socially awkward as a child, having a speech impediment. I had one of the, I still have a list. I talked with why You think I got a speech impediment? Where'd that come From? It seems like you, you had a stuttering problem, correct? Kind of. Yeah. Okay, we gonna speak. Well that's, I mean you do realize stuttering as a speech. Yeah. But it wasn't necessarily stuttering. It was more or less of like trying to, I guess it's stuttering. Yeah, you got it. You got it. So, but Did kids, did kids make fun of you and make you go deeper? Deeper into being into yourself and deeper, deeper introverted? No, I was, if anything I was a bully. I ain't even gonna lie to you. Okay. I was a, I can guess, oh, I was an asshole Bro.


Like growing up as a kid it wasn't no me getting Bullied, it was more the opposite. 'cause I was always real small. So when I graduated high school I was like four 11 maybe like a hundred. And Who you bullying at four 11? Exactly. It, it is, it was one of those things, it was, I got a, I had a little man got complex. Okay. Like little man syndrome. So it was like the last thing you was about to do was mess with me again and again, I wrestled all through high school. So I had that edge over a lot of people. But for the most part I always was fighting, I was always arguing. I always had a problem with authority. So for me, I never, again, I never really realized that I was this introvert or this super quiet person until I got into spaces where I would be around other extroverts or I got into spaces where, like I say it was networking events or like people looked at me something other than a fighter.


So my, my older brother fought, he was in the UFC by the time I graduated high school. I, so I always was in his shadow. Okay. So for me it was easy to be like, I'm just Kevin Lee's brother. Okay. Like I don't really have to step out of that. So when all of this started taking off and like I was Keith Lee, that's when everything like opened up for me and I really saw like, oh you really got an issue. Like you really can't do interviews. You really can't talk to another human being For more than five minutes without you sweating bullets and like literally like want to shut off and just run in your room for the rest of the day. Right. It, that didn't really start until, like I said, like 20 19, 20 20. But as a kid, yeah, you couldn't tell me nothing. So how was it at, at at family time? Because you said, I mean did you realize it?


How is your family, are they very talkative? Did you know you guys sit around the television and carry on conversation or watch, watch a program together? So how was it growing up with your brother and, well you said he was already in the UFC. So he's considered probably what, five, six years older than You? Four years. So I got a, a brother that's four years older than me. A brother that's four years younger than me. And then I got a sister that's seven years older than me. Okay. So how, so how, how would, how was your childhood? How was your, you know, you and your brothers, did y y'all get along? Did you fight? No, So we definitely didn't get along. Okay. But for me, I, like I said, I was always, I felt like the black sheep. But I feel like me and my sister argue about that a lot 'cause she felt like she was a black sheep. But, so my sister, she had got parents. So growing up she was always with her godparents.


And then it was me, my older brother, my younger brother, my older brother was a very smart kid. The kid who everybody like modeled after and everybody was like praising at all times. He had always had like a 4.0 gray gray point average. He was in sports, he was light skinned, curly hair, pretty boy. You do Light skinned too? I way lighter to me. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And right. Typical B 2K. Okay. Okay. Like Super curly. Yeah. When I was younger I was always the darkest outta of everybody in my family. So, and I like, I was small. The main thing about me as a kid, I always either hurt myself or I always like ended up in a situation to where I was the center of attention but for the wrong reasons. Self Hurt yourself or I was clumsy.


Okay. So I, my head was the same size it is now. I was just four 11. Wow. So, so it's like my Neck wasn't strong enough to carry. Right. I got scars all back here. I got a scar on my forehead you see here? Yeah. I see. I got scars all in here. When I say like that was a normal thing for us to have a family function and us to end up in emergency room because Keith then bust his head open. I had staples. That's happened to me at least, I would say six, seven different times. Seven different occasions. And for me, like I said childhood wise, it was more or less of like I was always trying to figure out where I belonged and why I belonged where I belonged. And I never could really like figure it out. So I was always longing for attention.


So I always had a problem with authority and I would make it known that I had a problem with authority. So I was always the one getting suspended. I was always the one getting kicked outta school. I got kicked out of five or six different schools. I got exp when I say kicked out, I mean expelled from the whole school district. Dang. So yeah it was, it was like that. Did You have a problem with, you know, parents are authoritative figures? Did you have a problem with your parents? Absolutely. Yeah. Me and my dad used to get into it all the time. To the point where I moved out when I was 16 and with my god brother. And then when I moved back in, we ended up moving here. And then when I met my wife, I met my wife when I was 18. I was homeless at the time. Let me tell it, I ran away from home and was sleeping in My car. You had a place but you Yeah, I had a place.


I just wasn't staying. She'd Tell you, I literally was sleeping in my car and I never told her this until maybe like last year I would like, so I was working as a lifeguard. I would drive to work and I had like a 2000 Nissan maximum super bucket. I used to drive to work in it. And then as soon as I would get off of work, I would text her and be like, Hey, I'm on my way over to you. Literally does she know I'm already sitting in the parking lot and I've been sleeping there for three days. Wow. And I'm literally like on the phone with my cousin, with my sister and telling them like what's going on And she think I'm getting off of work. But whole time I've been sleeping in the parking lot. I walk upstairs, take a shower, get some food, be like, oh I'm headed back to work. Just 'cause I didn't wanna be embarrassed. Walk back downstairs and sleep back, back in my car.


Wow. Yeah. So that was happening for maybe like what, a month? Maybe? Yeah, maybe like a month. So my relationship with my parents have always been very rocky, but I take a lot of credit for it. 'cause my dad always tried the best that he possibly could. When he would come home, it would be like either you gonna do what I say or that's it no other Right. If ands or buts. I, I grew up in an old school household, so yes, it was different for me because I've always been a big communicator. So you either gotta explain to me why I'm doing what I'm doing or I'm not doing it. No, No, no, no. Old school don't explain, doesn't Exactly. Don't you do any Sense. That's a fact. I'm the king of the household. She The queen and you listen to everything we say. Yeah. And that always was a problem for me. Did your brother and sister have those same problems with your father or they just like, okay. No, It just, so no it was me again but it, so It trickled down for me to my younger brother.


To my younger brother. Now I was in prison and I believe a lot of it No it's okay. He, he horrible. He was bad For you to say it. Considering he's bad, it Trickled down from me to him. Okay. But I think a lot of times it was more or less of like I said, just a communication issue. So my sister like, so she was with my godparents. So by the time a lot of the tra traumatic stuff happened for me, she was already in Chicago where she went to school at. And then my older brother, he was already in college. So quick story. And I was in 11th grade. My brother had, like I said, he was four years older than me. So he had graduated already. He was in college. We were living in, so I'm originally from Detroit. So we were living in Detroit on seven mile outer drive.


And we had, my dad bought us a chopper bike. He bought my little brother chopper bike. You know where the chopper bike is? It's like one of the bikes had the real big tire on the front and then the real fat tire on the back. Yeah. He bought my little brother one of those and he was riding around the neighborhood acting like he was the shit. And it was a group of kids across the street. Obviously they didn't like it again. We still in the inner city of Detroit. Right. So one day they stole this bike. We ended up going to get it back and we put it back in the garage. One of the little boys from across the street came while we was asleep. It was just me, my, my mom, me, my mom, and my little brother. My dad was at work. He came in the garage while we was asleep and I saw him. Nobody else saw him. So I walked outside and confronted him. He went to go take the bike anyway, I punched him in the face.


He ran downstairs, told his brothers, told all of his cousins and whatnot. I go back in the house not thinking nothing of it. Maybe five minutes later all you hear is like, it sound like a a war war starting outside. All you hear is like people screaming and yelling. I go peek through the window. No exaggeration. It's probably 30 people and they all running down the street and they taking they shirts off. You already know what that mean. They taking they shirts off. Yeah. Screaming. They squabble it's over with. Yeah. It ain't even nothing you can say at this point. Right. So they coming down the street, I go to close the window acting like if they don't see me, then they, they're going go the opposite direction. Before you know it, there's a brick that comes through the front window and it shattered all the glass. We had a glass that like was in the like, so the front door was here and then the glass was here.


It literally shattered through the living room. So that's a big brick in my living room. My mom come downstairs and she panicking. She go to open the door, they rush the door, they completely like try and take me outside. I end up getting jumped. They end up hitting my mama. They hit my little brother. But when this happened, of course you know, my dad get a call, I handle my own. I like to think I still got jumped. So yeah, I go in the house, I call my dad, tell him my brother ends up driving down 'cause he went to school in Grand Valley. Okay. Was maybe like an hour, hour and a half. He ended up driving down. Well I a kid so I don't know how far it feel, but it felt like it was probably like an hour. But he drive back, he pull up my dad, get a gun. Long story short, he go down do whatever he was supposed to do at the house with a, according to court documents, he went down and did whatever they said he did.


And the next morning Your older brother or your dad? My dad. Okay. Yeah. So the next morning my dad's in jail. I'm at, we still staying at the house. Maybe a week later we get an eviction notice they come, my brother went back to school by this point. So it's literally just me and my mom and my little brother. We here, my dad gone. We get an eviction notice. They come and tell us like, hey, you got two or three days to get out and we throw everything on the curb. My mom's best friend used to live like on the opposite side of the block, but she had a house that she had just moved out of. And it was one of those situations, like how I was telling you here how when we moved out we just didn't tell the the landlord that we moved out. So the landlord was still thinking we there. But at this point we squatting basically. So we get evicted, we move over to that house, we squatting and it was one of the darkest times of my life.


And I'm telling you, I'm at this point of like not understanding really, but like fully like what am I doing? My mom, she has no money at this point. We eating checkers, shout out to checkers. 'cause at this point I, I wanna sponsorship but we eating checkers box and they had a popcorn chicken box and it was like popcorn chicken and fries and you get it for like $2 and we all get one a day and that's all we've eaten. So that again, my older brother wasn't there and my older sister wasn't there. It was just me and my younger brother that had to go through that. And it was one of those things where I felt like that really molded me as a person of who I am. So that's probably why I act the way I act a little bit now as an adult I feel like I've learned from a lot of it.


And being in this house has really like reminded me of why I am exactly where I'm at and where I'm supposed to be at. Did that experience, damn Bro. He about to choke me up. Come on man. That experience that you went through, did that have anything to you? Say, you know what, I'm going to the MMA, I got jumped. I'm gonna be able, because you say you handle your own, but I mean you can only do so much with absolutely 10, 5, 10 people. There's Bunch of Yeah, not necessarily. I feel like the main reason why I end up fighting is because I got kicked outta school. I got kicked outta college. Well I couldn't afford it. And they basically was like, either you give us $25,000 by to tomorrow or the next day after that or you gotta leave.


So I came back home to Vegas and my brother, he saw me on the couch and he saw I was depressed and I didn't know what I was about to do. And he was like, bro, come to the gym with me. And he took me to the gym and I never turned back. Wow. So what, what did MMA give you? What does, what does MMA do do for Keith Lee? Hard work. It gave me a lot of like resilience and I feel like that's exactly what I take into this profession that I'm in now. I feel like my work ethic is bar none. I honestly don't, that's, that's why I don't compare myself to nobody. Right. And I don't consider myself an influencer. I just consider myself Keith. And I feel like the reason I do that is because, not to sound cocky or sound like an asshole, but I'm him Shannon. Yeah.


Yeah. I'm, I'm one of them. I gonna lie to you. I take a lot of credit and I give it to my wife and I give it to my kids and I give it to my sister and the, the people in our family. We eat some dogs bro. When I tell you like it might look like we just eating food. But even this last week we've been in four different states thugging it out. The sprinter van and a lot of this, we do it our own money. We do it our own time and before you know it, we look up and we on food tour and we've been outside in the sprinter van for nine hours a day. Wow. And I feel like a lot of that is attested to my MMMA background because it's a, again, it's a different switch you gotta turn on in order to, to really like lock everything out and just do what you feel like you called to do.


And that's what I feel like I take into food. And anything else. You Got an eight and five record in MMA. You won three by knockout, one by submission, four by decision. What's, what's the hardest part about MMA? I mean, you know, look, there is everything. I mean the back fist and hit you and hitch elbow you and choke you out. Absolutely. Because really people ain't really trying to go to the cards. No. If you try to be in the UFC, Dana won't ask. That's a Fact. Yeah. He won't ask action. So if you go get a couple of decisions Dana go like, nah, you're not for the UFC. So what is the hard, what is the hardest part about MMA? I can't speak for nobody else, but I feel like the reason why my record looked the way it did is because I, again, I had a brother that was already in it.


So I didn't have a slow road. I went, if you go back and watch and, and see who I fought, I was jumping into the deep end immediately. Like my first three fights was in Canada. Right. Most people don't fight internationally until they get to their 10th, 15th pro fight. I was outside immediately. Right. So the hardest part for me was fighting guys that were outta my experience level and not really having anybody to be like relaxed bro. Like, yeah, you ain't gotta rush. I was 18 fighting guys that had kids and wives and real life struggles. Right. So for me, I felt like that was the hardest part. But physically the hardest part. I feel like if you were to beat me, it was pressure. It was guys that was coming forward nonstop, had nothing to lose, was willing to get knocked out.


I always was a, a person who value my feet, my footwork. Right. So I'm moving. Right. I don't want to get hit. Right. I don't like getting punched. I got a pretty face, Shannon, I wanna keep this. It been didn't care Bro. Yeah. It was guys who didn't give a damn. But yeah, once I, I didn't even really officially retire. My wife won me to officially retire, but everything kind of just took off in like the end of 2022 and in like December, I fought in September, 2022. So right after that last fight, everything kind of took off. Right. But I feel like yeah, the, the hardest part was just like, and it's relinquishing. It's like you, you have no control over what's about to happen. You just gotta let it happen. And that's the hardest part for me is like just getting into that mindset of like, God, I trust you and I know whatever's about to happen is about to happen and it ain't nothing that I'm about to do.


I can train for eight weeks straight. The hardest training camp, the be the most prepared train with the world champions, train with everybody who they claim is the best. You go out there and get finished in 20 seconds. So it ain't really nothing you can do about it other than just let it be what it is. You said you had a wrestling background, so clearly you're good at grappling. You try to take people down, get 'em off their feet. You don't want to to, like you said, you didn't wanna get punched in the face. So the best way not to get punched in the face is get 'em on the mat. Absolutely. And, and do what you need to do. For sure. So that was your, that was what you tried to do. I was a hybrid, so I mixed it up really well in my opinion. I came in an era where people was doing everything. So there was no more just grapplers or just strikers.


There's very rare cases of it. And like somebody like Khabib where he's a straight grappler. I came in like on the tail end that, so like I said, I, I turned professional. I was in 2015 when I was 18 or 2014. So that was when literally you had to do everything. People on a grassroots level or like the amateur length ranks. They was literally like switching stances already. Stuff that most people don't do until, like I said, 20, 25 pro fights. They was fighting at 1918 grappling, striking. So I I I like to consider myself part of that generation. What does it feel like to knock someone out and what does it feel like to get knocked out? So I've never been knocked out. I've been finished once in my entire career and that was me being choked out that rear Naked triangle.


Rear naked. Okay. So that was probably in that. And I felt like I I I love that you even brought that up. That fight right there was literally what made my life begin to where it's at right now. So I was in his house when it happened too, by the way. That's crazy. I was here when it happened. So I just had a contract with Bellator, which is the second biggest promotion in the world when it comes to MMA. I was two and one in the promotion. I had just beat they number. Seventh ranked guy and a number eighth ranked guy. And I was, I had just lost today number one ranked guy. So I'm thinking in my head like, oh, it's just a bounce back fight. I'm fighting this guy that's like seven and oh.


I'm like, oh this is gonna put me right back into top content. 'cause they had a, a tournament coming up at 1 35 to where the top eight guys fought for a million dollars. So the winner between me and the guy I fought that was seven and oh went into the tournament. Okay. So I'm thinking like, mind you, I just bought, I just fought number seven and number eight. This guy was, I think he was ranked number 12 at the time. I'm real cocky Shannon. I'm like, oh, it's over with. Like, I'm already coming home and I'm telling her like, what spot I money spit Man, what I'm telling her what spot of the tournament I got. I'm telling her exactly what we about to do with the money. I'm taking a camp serious, but I already, I'm going into it with that mindset of like, oh, what's over with?


I get smoked. I'm talking about whooped on First time in my entire Career. So at, at eight and five, I only had my four losses were by split decision. Okay. And split decisions to where like it could literally go like this, like razor thin. That was the only time where I got shut out and I got finished in the first round. He was, when I say jab, everything was landing. I was looking up like how many people in here. I'm looking at his coaches, like why, how you gonna let him jump over the top and come punch me in the face? Yeah, it is Bad bro. I look up, before you know it, he got my back and it's maybe like 10 seconds left at the clock and I could hear, so they do a smacker for the last 10 seconds. 10 seconds. So I could hear the ten second smacker.


And you can see on my face in the video that I'm, he, I'm still there. He got the choke. But I'm like, I'm all right. I'm still scrambling. Before you know it, I go to lift up, I get up and I run to the cage. I don't know, I've been out for like three seconds. Wow. And he looking at me out, you can go watch the video. I'm completely bloodied up in my head. I didn't go out at all in my head. I'm like, oh this choke not even in. Oh let me get up. Oh, I hear that the time is over. Let me get up and run to my corner. Literally, you know, I'm out. I wake up my head s snap back, I stand up and I stumble all the way over to the corner and the the ref, he picked me up and he like, it's over with. I'm, you can see in the video. I'm like, why? What happened? I was out. Wow. Gone that it felt like a movie.


Like it felt like I, it's such a weird feeling because you still hear everything. You still feel everything. Like you feel like you watching somebody else. Yeah. Like I felt like I was standing over myself and being like, oh the joke not even in. Right. But the whole time I'm like, Come on. So for me that felt like, like I said, it felt like a movie. But putting somebody else to sleep, that's one of the most amazing feelings. That's why I say it's a switch. Yeah. You, you it's, you gotta be a little crazy. Right? You gotta be a little off to say it feel good to put somebody to sleep. Right. But when you, in a heat of the moment, I feel like it's one of those like indicate moments because the second for anybody who has never fought before, the second that you know, you won everything from, so it's usually like a eight week process that goes into fighting.


And that's from cutting weight. That's from eating. Right. That's from making sure that you running in the morning. Yeah. No Effects. None of that. None of that. I'm talking about like full blown militant. Right. So the second that the fight is over, it could be from you finishing, putting it outta sleep, it, everything comes crashing and you just feel like, oh how can breathe now? Like so it's literally like when people say like it's a monkey on your back, that's no joke. Like, you know, winning like Super Bowl, that's exactly what it feel like. Every fight is like somebody lifting somebody off your shoulders. Right. So it is like literally the second fight is over. You just go Oh. And then it shows that all that hard work that all the eight weeks, all Of it paid off. Absolutely. Absolutely. It's one of the best feelings in the world.


What about a return? Are you interested in returning to the Octagon? It gotta be a lot of money involved Shannon. A lot of money. I got kids man. And the main reason I even stopped training, like I said there were was never a official retirement. The main reason I even stopped is because you either gotta do it or you not gonna do it at all. Oh yeah. It's all in there. It ain't no plan, it ain't no like, oh I'm about to go on a food tour. I'm about to go drive around the city and I'm about to go eat and then I'm gonna train. Ain't none of that. No. I trained with one of the best guys in the world, his name Dewey Cooper. He trained Francis Nu, he's got like four or five different championships in UFC alone. He a bad man.


So it would playing with him, it wouldn't know like Right. Oh, I'm about to come in. I'm a celebrity. Ain't none of that man. Go get on the bag. Right. So for me it was, it was either you gonna do it or you're not gonna do it at all. So that's probably the main decision when I come back, I'm looking at my wife right now and that's said no. Yeah. She It is over with. Yeah. For so, so Do you, have you ever met Dana? I've met him like in passion. Right. 'cause I, my brother, but not you brother. My brother fought for 10 years but I never had like a full blown conversation. So do you still train like No sir. You see me in this chair. I'm spread it out in this chair.


So there, there's, I mean do you still work out? Yeah, I play basketball. Right? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. So that's no, no, no training, no mat, no blood work. No. I'm blessed enough to say I got a lot of contracts right now and all of those contracts says that I can't have any blemishes on my face. Right. So if I go train from just scar tissue from doing it for so long, my face is automatically either gonna swell up up or it's gonna open up or it's gonna get cut real easy and that that messed up the money. I can't mess up the Money. It don't mess up the money. Yeah. We just saw the fight this weekend. John Jones took out steep a, now he's the heavyweight champ. He also took the belt from Zero Gone. I hate that whole conversation. We can talk about it. I hate that Whole So you hate the conversation of Goat.


I hate the conversation of him ducking from Tom. Oh no, I don't believe you. I hate it bro. Now we talking 'cause I'm, I like to consider myself an MMA. What's the nerd? Deep? Yeah. Afic Idol, Aficionado, all of that. Okay. Tell us about what you think about Bones. I've it, I don't even think it's a conversation or it is a question that he's the best that we've ever seen. Do it by far. I hate the, the conversation of like he duck in Tom, we did this maybe like a year ago with Sergei Pablos, that's how you say his last name. Excuse me if I pronounce it wrong. But when he was coming through the ranks and he was killing people, everybody was like, oh, he gotta fight Jones and Jones scared of him and then he got finished by Tom and don't nobody talk about him no more.


Right. It's like don't nobody pay him no attention. But it's like, it is, it is very annoying to see somebody, especially somebody that look like us, be in a space where it's like every single time you do something, it's something else that gotta be done in order for you to submit your legacy. It's like he been doing this since I was a kid. Yes. He been doing it but Well he's been to Champ since 2011. That's insane. Yeah, that's insane. He and he and he hasn't lost to Anybody. No, it's It for if he was anybody else. Right. It wouldn't even be a question. Right. It wouldn't even be a conversation because when Khabib beat Ju, that was Gaethje, his last fight when Khabib beat Gaje, there wasn't a question of, oh he gotta come back and he gotta fight IA to submit his legacy or he gotta come back, he gotta fight, vote to submit his legacy or he gotta come back.


He gotta fight Holloway. It wasn't none of that. It wasn't even a, like even it, there's no conversation as we speak revolving around his legacy, his greatness. But with Jones, he gotta beat everybody in they mama in order to get any kind of recognition. And then if when he beats Espinol, they gonna come up. Some he'll smoke Aspenal, they'll come up with somebody else. But he's gotta wait till There's always gonna be something else. Yeah. It's always gonna be something else. And it, and even if he don't beat Aspen Espinol because it's the fight world, anything that happen I don't think that takes away from No the greatness that is Sean Jones. And that always will be John Jones To have that type of ring for a decade and a half. I don't think Tom doing that. I ain't gonna lie, he might. Again, everything happens the way it's supposed to, but it, I feel like it's a little, a little too late because again, John, what Tom is 27 31 I think, I think he's seven years younger than Jones.


I think that, I think that, I think the conversation's over with that alone. Yeah. Alone. Even just his age. Are you a boxing fan? Maybe not. Again, I watch, yeah, I predicted Tank and Garcia Garcia in front of Tank. Literally the punch the round and exactly how I was about to go. Right. Because again, I'm him Shannon. So who do you, who do you wanna see? Who do you wanna see? Tank fight. People say they wanna see a rematch, they wanna see Tank fight Shakur, they wanna see him fight boots. So who would you like to see Tank fight? That's a great question. I feel like there's so many options, but at the same time, I think a lot of people feel like he hasn't been tested yet because we are in this era of protect the O but just from seeing him up close and watching him, so I trained at Mayweathers for years.


So just seeing him up close, I feel like I'm about to sound like a, a tape recorder with anybody that's in his camp. Tank him, bro. Take one of them. So I don't care who he fight, I feel like he is our generation's best. And I feel like at the end of the day when the smoke is clear, he gonna come out of like really being one of the, one of them. Were you on the celebrity boxing? We just saw Jake Paul fight Tyson. We saw McGregor fought. I hated that fight. I hated everything about that fight. What, What, what did you hate about it? You, do you think it was staged? Do you think what, what happened First to the lead up? I told my wife that I can't be there because I was gonna drop in the ring. I was, one of it is Tyson bro.


Right? He, he's a legend of the sport. He's a legend of our community. He's somebody who should be held to the highest regard. I don't like that there was like this conversation of like, competitiveness. He's 60 bro. Yeah. Like if we, if we bring up any legend of any other race or demographic, there's no way that you touching one of their legends. But we allow our legends to get in there. And no, he allowed that mockery. I agree with you. I agree Rachel, but us as fans still was con having conversations around the fight itself. Like it was about to be a competitive or back and forth fight. I mean, Keith, if, if what they're saying is true to manmade 20 mil, I mean, can you, I hear you. I hear you. But is it, is it, And there's money jump for now, you gotta realize here's a guy that's made what, five, six, $700 million And I'm not so sure he has half of that.


I'm not so sure he has a third of that. I hear you. And so $20 million at the age of 58, 55. But you, you, Mike Tyson, the money gonna come and go, right? Yeah. He's had way more than 20 million before. For sure. So in my mind is, I know he, he, I, I watched Tyson very religiously. And I know he don't believe in legacy, but for me it's not necessarily him. It's the kids that's below him. It is my kids, it's me. It's somebody who's watched him literally from the beginning. So to stand on integrity, this is one thing that I always preach to my kids. To stand on something that you can, that would last forever and that you can pass on to another generation. And that's as far as integrity.


And that's as far as something that you, a code that you stand behind to stand on that is way more valuable than any amount of money. Yeah. Yeah. For me. So would you do a celebrity boxing match? Maybe. Maybe. See, maybe. But for Me you say the money have to be Right. So they got, they pay that million. It would For me. So, so money wise, it would specifically be professional fighting. That's where I say the money gotta be. Right? Because again, my life isn't in Yeah, No. This celebrity. But celebrity, the money don't necessarily gotta be Right. It gotta be the right one. It gotta be the right fight. For me, I wouldn't fight necessarily a celebrity 'cause I feel like it would erase what I'd done for 10 years in May space. Gotcha.


It would really just be to go out there and have fun, but still be competitive. So it'd have to be that middle ground of being competitive and still not getting cuts out by my wife because I'm getting cut and stuff. What, is there any way we could do a celebrity MMA fight? Maybe we can be the first of the kind. Who you wanna see me fight Shannon? I don't know who I don. Like you say you weighed you, you fought at 1 35, so, oh, I'm not that at all right now. 1 55. I'm a big boy. No, I'm solid. One 60. You not more than one 60 though. Way more than one 60. No. Come on. Key. Way more. Come on key. I'm solid, bro. I'm built like a brick house. Okay. 1 63. 1 63. No, Not even close. What you trying to say? You you not one 90 Keith. I'm like 180. 180 3 Solid.


I'm thinking 60, 80. Show that Shannon Solid. Yeah. One 70. Get one 70. Get one 70. So one thing I know when you kept asking Shannon who would he want to, who would he want to see You fight If he threw out Jake Paul, what? What would your be your response


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. Na member FDIC.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially, step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through, it's true magic 'cause we came to play. Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


When the time comes to plan your next big getaway know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando. Just think about it. The thrills at their 15 world class theme parks, followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything's possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need for an amazing getaway.