
Texting between two different kinds of phones makes photos blurry, lights messy and security risky. Not just that, it also makes sharing photos or even simply video calling editing messages or leaving a group nearly impossible. With WhatsApp, everyone can enjoy seamless messaging with the added protection of end-to-end encryption. Streamline your messages across all devices on WhatsApp. Message privately with everyone.


Man, listen, traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staying the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah, traveling sometimes. And they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, spots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier for sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified. Ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man. It was perfect. Out to Airbnb. How you feel about the tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine, Ooo, Ooo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's o doo.com.


This is John. Miko from Three and Out with John, Miko, Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


It's time for today's Lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous. With a trip to Lucky Land, you know what they say? Your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky land slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandslots.com. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void or prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply


The Volume.


You wanna know what the best thing about being a sports fan is. There's only two days in the entire year there if we don't have any games in any sport. So with all that action in sports world that just makes about every day game day at DraftKings Sports Book. If you're new to DraftKings, listen up. You can bet $5 and get $150 in bonus bets instantly. All you gotta do is download the Draftking Sports Book app now and use Promo Code Club five 20. That's Code Club five 20 for new customers. All you gotta do is bet $5 for $150 in bonus bets. Only on Draft King Sports book. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and W at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs.


All right, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. We is just kicking it with decided shit. Why not pull up and talk some shit. Same gang with me till my left my dog Bishop be he out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty, cool and nasty. Let's get to it. Shout out to my dogs over at Moneymaker for the shorts and the socks. Appreciate y'all. Alright well moneymaker, y'all gonna have to pay his fine 'cause even though we just kicking it today, he is outta uniform on y'all behalf. So y'all, y'all said let's pod I just came, you know came to work bro. Facts respect to my right. My dog. Young Nacho, young teg. How you what? I'm chilling bro. Emergency Pod. I ain't really had no shoes. I was, I don't even know what the fuck these some Mitch Match. Damn you got the gritty 90 fives on. Just call 'em just some shoes. That's crazy.


Yeah, what they call the Gries greed is like the, it's like a like Like a what? The version of the 95. Oh okay. Yeah them they had them man. PS back in the day. Fuck with where? Y'all don't know what PS is. That's the flea market. That's the flea flea market. Where I used to get my eyes eye shirts, my laka shirts with the alligator on the wrong side. You getting eye outside from Pillars is crazy. Yeah, that's nobody was getting the eye side. I was getting all that. You was getting the eye from Pillar. That's what, that's what Polos was it bro. No I feel you. I just didn't know they had the eye eye. They had everything. Eye outside is crazy. I had all that. It was like 30 at JC Pit's so there was 10 in there.


Hey my homeboy, I knew something was crazy. He had the LA shirt but you know they go by numbers but he had the sauce. He had xl. I said hey Brol, instead of the 45, I told you my, my Latasha alligator was on the wrong side. Make shit was crazy. Nobody said shit though. I bought a four, I used to buy throwbacks in there for 40 bucks. Nigga. Yeah, on everything had a spa and they were stitched. Shout to my Bob Macadoo 40 bones nigga. What was the craziest fake throwback? 'cause I used to always see the Dr. J boy. That was like the golden I seen nigga. Every throwback I had was funny nigga. Well you see popular because obviously shout out to mention that. Shout out to the family. But back then that was not a thought bro. A authentic bro.


There was no way niggas was happy to get a swing. Man, there is no way. Niggas was getting off 300 jerseys back then like that. I just had a real jacket. All my jerseys stray from Pish bro. For sure. I had two real jerseys. My older brother bought me one. He bought me a George McGinness one. He bought it for two 50. I remember we went to the store and got that bit. Damn. And then the rest of my shit was fake. I had another one though. It was like a throwback like I think it was Jerry West some shit like that. The West Virginia joint? Yeah. Yeah. I had a black throwback. Dominique Wilkins 21. Damn. The Hawks boy definitely stitched though. So shout out to the motherfucking Mexican. You had a black one?


Yeah. Yeah. That's definitely fate. Yeah. Ain't even no black throwback. Deep. Definitely. Definitely Accustom joint. I'm like a black black. Like remember that's why I love Terrell jacket that you gave you so much. The black Lan. Yeah. You talking about the bird? The bird one. He ain't play with them when they had that. Yeah, but I'm saying I had it and had his name said but I had it game cast wil. Oh Caman. Steve Smith and them was on the squad. Yeah. Yeah. Smitty Wil was on the coaching staff so they said fuck it getting the coach jerseys crazy. Lenny Wilkins.


That's crazy. I need the Cael clippers boy. Damn that might be heat. I was looking at some of this shit back in the day I think still. And I'm happy I got another one. One of the hardest throwback jerseys used to be that Astros boy. Mm Was that used to be one of the hardest joys back in the day. That was a crazy, but I've been peeping too with some of the old NFL jerseys and we'll get to the real in a minute man. I've been trying to find that baby blue Laia Thomasson jersey. I think that's one of the hardest like football with the lightning bolt on the sleeve. Yeah, the baby blue one. Yeah. Every time they drop on Mitchell this and bitches be sold out. I got an inside track on 'em and still can't get 'em but I feel like them was one of the hardest jerseys ever.


The hardest football jersey to me is probably the old school Bengals. The all black one or the T ones? Yeah, the black. The black one bro. Yeah, that all black with. Yeah they I want t whoosh Ada Remember it was hard. That mug was hard. The Ochocinco one's crazy too. Yeah, but that that all black. Yeah. Crossing Palmer boy. Yeah. Yeah that mug was hard. I ain't never had one but that motherfuckers, them throwback NFL jerseys two motherfucking heavy though. That felt like the real thing. Pause that motherfucker jersey was big than a bitch bro. Them sleeves was ridiculous on them jerseys. But they was stitched though. The authentic ones got the scrunchie arm shit bro. Bro. Yeah. I gimme the ones from the fifties with the plastic gear bro.


The plastic helmet plastic. Oh the long sleeve was like the hockey jersey. Yeah. Yeah that Tony Unites boy. J Simpson. That's a different jersey. I want that one rrp. I want that one. Which year? The bills. Okay. I want it with the residue on it. I don't that's the CSI throwback. We talking about Coke or chill. I thought we was talking about Jordan Song. Shout out to the goat man. You beat me to the punch. Right. Hey I'm gonna tell Y right now. Mike, I'm giving you this credit because one of the funniest jokes I heard in the last two weeks. Man we was talking about this when he posted that pic. My freaky Mike said Scotty posted the pic.


I was crying Scotty. He said, he said Scotty Pit leaked the pick out. Oh he said that was his get back Scotty leaked the coat. That's class. They said where they was at, it is like a reserve area. They're like, you know what I'm saying, you just can't be in there instead like they know who was there like for you to have access or phone or that said that was like, hey man that was an inside job. Yeah. So now does that make him the worst celebrity kid? What that nigga do? That was up man, he ain't do nothing wrong bro. He ain't do nothing wrong. He grown as hell. He just had, that was not his first time bro. That's how he been living bro. Oh nah, he's, I told y'all niggas y'all treat he look like Scarface nigga. See y'all treat celebrities different. Why? Because when I said it y'all made me seem like motherfucker from the five heartbeats you are now that George's doing it.


I never said it was cool. He the real mj. No nobody. He just living life. I was a whole dope fit. I was Eddie K listen, listen this is crazy. He is Eddie K. This is crazy. Hey I'm gonna tell you right now for you to do a line of smoke a blunt afterwards, you are in a different place. Yeah bro. He is a junkie. That's crazy. He had, I ain't gonna put that t on him man. He just having fun. That's what they do out there. Man. Listen man, giving him how he probably grew up and giving his lifestyle bro. I'm not surprised bro. I am bro. Coke is wild bro. It is, but it's a, I mean it ain't really, it's a lot more normal than you think. Yeah, it's, it is normal. I I've been in some clubs and I've seen people just protect.


Yeah you had a couple teammates. I've never had a teammate. Dude, Coke hit the nuts and if he did he wasn't my nigga, I ain't gonna say his name. He was in the start line up. Damn he messy. Well we don't, we don't snitch on this podcast. I don't know who that was but if I ever shout every Brenda Jacobs, if I had ever seen one of my teammates do coke, I swear God won't fuck with him ever again dog. I might pass the ball team. I've been like you, I'm on the wing. You weak as fuck bro. But I mean I know it's a normal thing I guess in some areas of the world but it still look wild bro. Yeah it is. It's you ain't getting that off in no India, Indianapolis club. So y'all niggas that's from Cali or Texas.


Y'all come out here, we judging y'all niggas nigga that record gonna scratch. They gonna be like, wait you get escorted APOs man, now there are other places in Indiana you can get that off. Yeah, nah, just saying meth and I'm just playing. So he wanna go extreme. He trying to kill you. Nah, you go the doorman might slide. You go up, you go up the street in some of these cities you get go out south you'll be all right. That's crazy man. Well had me cracking up And, we gonna get to it. They so about who gonna be on the 2028 Olympic team for my first comment they said Marcus Jordan. Nigga I was crying. I tell you ain't Jason Tatum. Oh me. Oh he's done with the Olympics bro. DNP bro.


DNP forever. I I wish they would ask him to come back. No he's never gonna play again. But they just ruined everything for the NBA now. The USA team did. Damn because now they just built a dynasty. Y'all already told Jaylen Brown he was an elite 'cause he didn't get invited so now he's not an elite. So he already on the revenge tour right? Yeah they just won the championship. You supposed to have like a little slight let down 'cause you won a chip. You supposed to be chilling a little bit. They gonna come out on bullshit. He mad he got left off and now you telling Jason Tatum he the worst player outta all the elites. Pretty much all the top players in the league on the Olympic team.


And you telling me I'm the worst one. I'm on that we can't find no minutes for you. Nah, I can't find no minutes for you. You the worst player on the team. Yeah, outta all the top players in the league. DMP and I'm the only one to make the first team. All NBA is ludicrous. Only one on the roster this year to make first team on NBA. The rest of the other four players are Europeans. And y'all telling me I can't compete against Serbia bro. They, and listen, you know hardly my nigga bro. And I understand why he didn't get his minutes but there is no, I really don't. But there is no way in hell that Steve Kerr can look at that bench shoot look past Jason Taylor about All right come on Derrick. That is crazy to me bro. It is crazy. Every time I, and it is not no disrespect 'cause obviously we know how he what he's a good player champion now Respect but bro they aint no way.


I'm looking past Jason Tatum but all come on Derrick. That's fucking nuts bro. Derrick White's not better than Jason Tatum. Nah it ain't no that's nothing bro. It ain't no hating shit. Yeah it is what it is bro. You gotta put that precursor in there for the master. Nah I understood but shit y'all outta pocket for not playing him have me though. He couldn't, he couldn't get five minutes five in five out bro. Y'all good enough. I'm nothing. Y'all strapped pause like the team is fire. They couldn't get five minutes bro. I'm never going to be okay with that. And but if you a Boston Celtics fan y'all should be thanking USA basketball. Yeah they about to hoop. Yeah 'cause now y'all got another championship on the way and I feel like y'all gonna get the Jason Tatum y'all been asking for. Oh he going? Yeah he got talking. Shit been. Y'all need to be like goddamn Anthony Edwards like I said, you know what I mean?


But I was one of those but now he it is the coming out party is real. Oh yeah he gotta pop his shit now like all that politically correct. And now yeah, fuck that bro. Get disrespectful bro. Kobe 2.0 Nah it's time motherfucker keep disrespecting you bro. You the nice guy crash out bro. Yeah it's time to crash out and no disrespect to Mike Conley's brand Nice guys finish first. I love that bro. But in this case they finished fucking last. Yeah because Jason Tatum has been doing everything by the books keeping shit clean. Fuck that bro. I seen Mama Bear about to crash out though. Huh? And she on there. She said I can't take it no more. Go here pop Shit. Yeah, yeah Mama Bear look I love her. She gonna put that gaslight in there. Mama BI already know.


She said I can't take it no more. Like ain't no way JT can't play like nah this that's crazy bro. This ain't looking right. I told bro I need them threes too. Them hard. Them tough them JT threes kind of nice though. That's his best one. Yeah that's his best one was kind of you aint, they ain't even let you play no motherfuckers man. That's the fucked up part. We ain't get no moments in the shows or nothing. Yeah he done dropped some motherfucking heat and can't even show him damn near got the best basketball shoe. He damn near should let me play in 'em man for the big three goddamn Allstar Respect. Hold on. What them j threes? Who? Who got a better shoe of him? Not better than Anthony Edwards bro. Yeah bro I'm something on them. Threes being better than the AEs bro. The black and white ones I'm something bro.


Tom mate tell it was filthy that heat though. I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna lie. Them the best bro. Them the best bro. They might be the best for real since the mellows a hundred percent. See them first. Mellows was hard. Yeah bro. And then these JT threes probably the best ones. Luca sleep the five sleep Zion sleep bed, cps, bed dead bro. I'm nothing bro. CP had a couple decent autos. He the CP one was CP had a couple decent models show. Yeah the CP one that was called, that was, I liked a little bit, I liked Russ first shoe a lot but after that little quiet Russ first shoe, I can't remember that black and white blend bro. No I'm not every almost a Kamika copy bro.


Yeah, yeah that mug is hard. It's like a kamikaze in that first team that that jump man pro like, like a squish model together. Them hard. Yeah them hard bro. But they, they up there the new Lucas is a lot better than the other ones too. But nah, I think he might have got it with the, 'cause I like the tools, I like the the colorway that he was playing it. But that's my problem with Jordan Nike brand. Y'all make all these fire PEs but y'all don't release this shit. Same my problem with Devin Booker. Devin Booker has a fire ass shoe model but the coldest colorways in their shoe is only on his feet And, we don't get 'em in stores. Yeah nigga said passing on weak ass shoes out though. They was, hey he's, I left these in here and they was just like nigga they gonna stay there. They got booked fucked up man I like his shoe. I fuck with the books man again.


But he same situation. He like damn I can't even get my own shoe release in the city that I play in. I gotta get an Art Basel exclusive. They got some shit going on in that situation. But the JC three is crazy. Like they said what his the all Allstar game versions is coming out in 2025. Them shit is nice too. That should have been dropped though. Dropped down when the twos coming out. Oh Devin Booker. Yeah. Shit bro. We gotta get the drop red too first they, they on the way I seen them. Yeah he did the, he got honored at his at his school and they had the, I mean Ja was on hold 'cause we already know he was in some shit but he back now. Ooh I'm I'm hyped for the NBA too now. Do you think that Jas gonna play on the Olympic team come, they say he was in consideration but he was still healing. You think he'll play in 2028?


No I don't think we're gonna see a lot of these people on this team in 2028 bro. He'll, I'm not saying he could. I'm not saying he not qualified. He definitely more than qualified. Yeah. You know saying I'm saying after people seeing Jason Tatum getting benched bro, I think people gonna be cool. Damn that could put us back into a recession. Yeah I mean like bro I'm not about to go out there and get benched bro. I'm first first team all NBA bro and I'm sitting the bench. I just won a chick first team all NBA. I'm having the best year of my life and I can't get no tick. Didn't I go to the Olympics bro? And y'all telling me I'm the weakest one on the team bro. Y'all booking him for MVP next year. Who? Damn near Jason Tatum damn near. He damn near MVP bro. You sleeping?


Nope. He damn near he gonna be on a mission bro. I, y'all know I got the inside scoop bro. He gonna be on a mission. I don't, I don't doubt his capabilities or doubt that he can do it. I just don't see it happening. Next year he on a mission bro. Who you got dj? I mean only if I didn't feel like he was on team with Jaylen Brown. Both of them niggas on that. So that's why I'm like that's going, that's gonna conflict him start getting it. They going I don't know, I can't even really get that far. They gonna be running four MVP voting to watch. That'd be hard. I I like to see them like four Jason tag. We gonna be on a mission bro. He probably can't wait to leave the Olympics so bad. He probably, man hurry up and win his fucking goal. I'm going home. Get the fuck I'm a train. I'm not fucking with He about to stop fucking with people. Watch. Hey I I, it's hard.


Listen I have to say my apologies even though I'm still on a hate train. MB Yeah bro Joe MB is the reason Filthy. He could be American for what he did that second half against Serbia. He could be American for that. He's filthy. Yeah I'm trying to tell you bro. He the real deal. Nah, I don't know why you be hate on this nigga bro. I don't hate bro. I just know that one of the best bigs literally ever to play the game bro. I don't disagree. He's cold as hell. He is a killer bro. He's just not better than he is 50 years old bro. He's not. That's all. That's all. He filthy bro. He cold. He's elite. That's no disrespect. I wanna hurt ankle though. Yes bro. I don't, I don't want to hear that shit man. Don't want to hear that shit. I swear to God if they put the patience bro, I cannot wait on that. He kills us. He's showing be bro.


He's cold. I'm not ever discredited that but boy them tweets was loading bro. I'm talking about if y'all catch him in the playoffs sweep. Oh for sure bro. Stick they don't have nothing. Yeah bro we don't have nobody. I love Miles. I love Miles but Paul but he don't have enough of that bro. He's too, that's disrespect is a big person Paul bro. He like that's a lot of weight like to be thrown around. Yeah bro that's a big ass person. That's two 90 almost 25. Nah, he bigger than two 90 bro. He's, they said that he, he was three 30. I said chill out y'all dang. Hell nah. 3 32 big bro that was exaggerated when they said he needed to drop white Race. I seen him the podcast that's Shaq in la. Yeah they was exaggerated but that's crazy if he three 30 but nah he, he got active.


I would say that's probably one of the best. Not one of the best, best ball games I watched was probably one of the most memorable from the USA standpoint. How they close that shit out. Yeah Steph Curry did what the fuck he did shows you why he's the best and the way that we had three people close out the game like all of our fucking era legends bro was crazy. KD so nice bro. And the the Mellow sideline 'cause I didn't see that obviously live. Yeah but the Sideline Mellow was just like hey clear out and like hip center. That shit was fire bro. That shit was hard. KD different though. That shit was so easy. I'm, I ain't get to catch out the whole game my nigga. Hey good rob. Shit bro. These niggas about to lose. I said aw damn I swear Serbia and listen Bo just talking about, you know what I'm saying, don't take the the low ride about it.


Look they was hooping bro. Yeah they was fucking hooping. Bogey was hooping. Bogey was hooping even though, you know what I'm saying? Don't disrespect Carmelo like that. Yeah you outta pocket. Yeah. Fuck Bogey. I fuck with that though. You know what I was gonna say? The one thing I didn't like about it, I'm like bro it's competition. It's fuck everybody right now. He's supposed to feel that way. Nah, fuck that bro. My nigga ain't even playing. Yeah, that's even harder nigga. You standing up nigga was nigga three to the motherfucking heads. Nah, I like how Mellow got hyped though. Fuck you. Yeah, yeah, no mellow disrespect. Oh you know we never, never never know boy. My, my Steve Ker hate was about to go through the roof. I was like, I kind of wanted em to lose not wow this sound crazy. No but I wanted, I wanted to lose because I was like this is about to be some good ass content. That's why you cool run is Jamaica over there?


Yeah nigga jerk chicken tea nigga, I'm really an African motherfucker. I was going for South Sudan. They they need you. I would've played, y'all should have called me Lu all make the call. My, my greater my hair meet the requirements. Listen, they ashy all, oh wait a minute nigga. They don't be ashy bro. Hey did y'all see I'm, I'm getting away from was fresh as fucking, they was fresh as fucking they we fucking with you as did you see what Tiffany had? This went to to Africa where she said they have grocery stores. I said man yeah she outta pocket. I really want to go to Legos. I black people act retarded. Yeah bro. I was like come on bro. I act like they don't got grocery stores and shit. Yeah that's crazy. Like it ain't one nevermind I'm about to get mad bro. I thought that was so ridiculous bro.


Like come on man. She is so weak. She yeah she is weak but hey listen Jordan b talking about he'll probably go play with Cameroon. That's Olympics. That's probably the best choice. Joker probably won't be playing so we ain't gonna need you anyway dog. Get well soon. Nah, joker running their back. Nah, nah bro. Joker done for with the Olympics. He not playing another Olympics bro. They did They thing though man he been playing since he was probably 16 on that national men's team bro. He probably, y'all think Joker if he healthy. He said no y'all niggas is tripping bro. Nah he don't loves this country bro. I don't even if he does play, I feel like at that time period we should have somebody suitable enough to deal with him and deal with this. This bro. It is gonna be France turn now after this year, the next four years it is France.


Listen bro, they taking over we gotta beat them. No 'cause no it's gonna be win. Gotta beat them bro. The gang number one pick from man, they about to beat them niggas about 30. Yeah but I'm saying no I'm talking about going for we have to beat them now 'cause in four years bro It is over. Yeah brother, it's over. It not gonna be, we got Brown, we ain't gonna have kd. Steph gonna be gone. We done pissed off. We got a new wave. Come here. Who? The wave. Tell me the wave. We're gonna pissed off the young talent so hopefully we JT ain't playing. So who the wave JT gonna back if Kerr ain't there? Nah he ain't going. I don't want see Kerr back either way. Yeah. Steve Ker No the the NBA is in good hands with the American talent. But y'all gonna have a king get me Weby Ja King What's the name is going back for sure.


Tatum is gonna go back bro. No he's not bro. He's bro he shouldn't Bam gonna go back. Nah ba sorry Halle gonna go back. Halle gonna try to redeem himself. Ley definitely not going They they're not gonna wanna Hall Bird in four years bro. Hol Bird. I hate to say that but they're not gonna four years hall Bird don't want to go back nigga. I just didn't play for three weeks bro. Y nigga on nigga you know we playing Call of Duty though. Yeah bro. Halle on FaceTime enjoying the, enjoying the weather bro. I wanted to fight by what Steve k CRT was looking like. We need some flow. Bitch put in the best person the team who create offense but it's cool my nigga How get go better anyway. NBA talent. Ali might be on some shit when he get back too 'cause y'all know he feel disrespected. Yeah hundred percent because you literally the weakest on the team Who holla Burton.


That's what they saying fuck outta here. Oh say wait a minute because you said it like no I'm saying that's what the coaching staff is saying. Oh okay because not me. I think he better than a lot people. He's better than Derrick White but I'm just saying they saying he literally the weakest person on the team. Like nigga you not gonna play at all. Like literally don't even put your insults in you Jeff Te on the books. Nah bro. That's crazy. They could have five in five out them niggas though bro. He wasn't, he wasn't part of that five. Five is 10, it is 13 players. They only played what seven people. They played eight or nine last game. But But Halliburton ain't played in weeks. Yeah he not getting. No I mean he barely played the last game. He barely played. You ain't Pierce bro. You could have been in Baghdad but what pissed me off is Steve Curry only sub out people when they get going and then he keeps Fing when he not going.


It is weird. It's like everybody get going out. He took deep booking when he was cooking. Took him out. Well he hit three shots in a row. He was just like all right bet. Good job nigga. No good job Buck. Yeah bro. Come grab this ga. Right bro. Sit down. Yeah I don't like it but listen man, I I mean I think this this gold medal game is gonna be fire. I don't think that we kicked the ass. I mean I think if we win I out 30 bro. 30 ball. The gold medal game will serve you. Yes. Mm. I like that. It ain't like that y'all four years from now France is gonna be a team to be sleep. That shit bro's gonna stop wi bro. Weby gonna be the best player in the world And. we ain't gonna have shit for it bro. Nothing bro. All the best young talent in the NBA is not all American.


I love Weby but nothing bro. Hey they can send another troop out there. Do you think they gotta get somebody else to recruit outside of Grand Hill? 'cause Grand Hill trolling and Jalen Brown talking about we consider him for 2028. Hey bro, I'll fight you Jalen Brown go play for South Sudan for sure. Or Nigeria. You played in big three Nigeria. You can go play for South Sudan. Yeah he that would be who is live bro come on. Jordan B is playing bro. He's bullshitting bro. He is full Hakeem Mola on bro. I don't know why they got mad. The friends team was just like he ain't wanna go pay for us bro. Y'all already bitch Rudy go beer, what y'all was gonna do when it beat him And we bro nothing. That's a nasty lot of you gotta bitch Gobert though.


Match up beat Wendy. They would've been crazy. Oh they been raw. Ain't nobody beat now What? Nobody beat now been crazy. Oh my. They should play Rudy too and be like the, that Pisses team that had Josh Smith, Andre drum nigga boy France ain't playing Rudy them sick. Them niggas sick of him. What he play five minutes last game. They got him out the fuck outta. They said we were sick of it and every for got super saying you I love, you know how I feel about ef? I do. Unfortunately Cole one of the best role players ever bro. Shout out to EF man. I don't know why. Why is he one of the best role players ever for does bro he a silent killer bro. I like Evan Foer game ever. Foyer is a silent 16 bro.


A silent 16 lowercase. Nah bro. Hey and I ain't like how you went me on the internet when I said Patty Mills? Yeah he said Patty Mills over Olympic mellow. He's not better but I said fuck no y'all need to respect Olympic Patty Mill. He top five in buckets ever. How you gonna say that nigga not go No bro. If I'm top five in buckets bro you can't say shit to me bro. Pat Mill do cook in the Olympics though bro. He's elite in the Olympics. He better ever for you in the Olympics every time. Nah for sure. Stop putting sweat on E bro. Stop doing that. That nigga Patty Mills dude cook. Patty Mills is gold aint gonna lie nigga Patty Mills had me thinking he was about to cook me in the draft bro. I'm like damn this nigga was cooking niggas on a L. That nigga he too small. He was too little. He he a good player.


Well he get down Stretch Jersey zone. That nigga turn into Steph Curry. But if you yeah if you went out his playing field he probably dusted. You nigga got me fuck part dust. You said damn in you're on league. He t's it tent to South Sudan. I swear, I swear to God they would've put me on South Sudan outside too. I would've been back in the league nigga I would've cooked. He said outside I would've cooked Patty Mills. Right. They would've Phoenix. They looking for a guard. They would've signed me in Phoenix. I played South Sudan man Patty Mills played with niggas that set screens like Draymond. I get Why do you think they set screens with South Sudan? They probably motherfucking head hunters on South Sudan. Hey nah seriously when they played I think it was Puerto Rico bro they couldn't do shit.


They had shit on cl. I said once they really figure out how to get like an offensive flu but it ain't gonna be dangerous. They had nothing but 6, 8, 6 9 here bro you gotta get in your bag and Patty though Pat he can't guard you for sure but he gonna get off with his team on you bro. Man I don't give a fuck about that. He can't guard you bro. They put me on South Sudan. I would've went crazy. Bob was dying bro. They was like damn Ben Simmons ain't never gonna play for the country. They just like nigga we got Pat me fucking give a fuck. Like Ben Simmons ain't gonna play for the Nets nigga Simmons play for us. Who was us? You us A no no he can't. Y'all remember when Ben Simmons was cold though? Yes I remember he he still is'. Damn he's not that gotta stop. No you have to stop. He has not played.


You can't say a nigga can't who he played last year. That's why I cannot wait for Lonzo Ball. I'm glad we here with niggas that don't play. If y'all be calling weak, I don't disrespect Lonzo Ball. Lonzo Ball. I've never said they was weak. It is going be a top 10 PG in the league again. How much you want better than that for first year? Whatever you want. Top 10 PG in the league. This I don't even like this conversation 'cause I fuck with Lonzo Ball and I hope that he gets well soon. But Lonzo, if Lonzo Ball comes top he starts next year, he's gonna be the top pg make sure you clip this Mike top. He's not gonna be the top PG on his team all bro. He's not better than Kobe White. All right bro. Not right now. He's a better point guard than Kobe White. Now he gotta, Kobe White is a better scorer than know New Point Guard is of the Bulls ears Josh Giddy.


Yeah but that's Kobe white team now. Respect we pay him respect but if you don't think line's up all about to get out there and do his thing. I love Kobe White Gray score but no running the show. That's Lonzo team bro. Shit I like, I like Lonzo man. And I'm not hating I fuck nah they ain't hating bro. They ain't hating. I'm saying I like Lonzo but I'm just saying bro, when you been out the game for two years bro you're not about to come back and be like that. You going you just hope to have a cool bro year. Yeah that's why. Hoping to play in the games. He got a new knee bro. Yeah but he just, he is resurrected bro. He literally just hoping to play in the game until he got a knee BBL. Yeah bro's team. He shoulda got bro literally sit down.


He literally gonna be happy about playing 15 to 20 minutes. Like damn I got out there. Yeah bro. I think he, he not about to kill bro. He been out for two years, niggas 15 minutes my nigga that's 10 and seven then for sure. Fuck no 15 minutes, 15, 20. I think it's gonna happen like five and four bro. Honestly he not being funny. I would be surprised if he even plays in a Bulls uniform bro. They trying to move him. Where would they send him? That's fine but they got Josh giddy to get rid of him wherever Lonzo go. I don't give a fuck if he stay with the Bulls or not bro. I do hope. I do hope he gets a chance to play. He go anywhere. I hope he but I'm just saying the first year he's not gonna be good Next year he might. I mean this year coming up he can get back say six points if that that next year he might bounce back.


He gotta get his feet bro. That two years they did this to me. Y'all when I told them about OKC when we first started this fucking pod. You talked about it. You was right. You talked about I told y'all how good them niggas was going to be and all you ain you ain't you two weird ass niggas. He don't know basketball fat ass. You watch basketball fuck you bitch they was top tier in the end in fucking NBA. That's another person I think gonna come back killing too. SGA gonna kill. Yeah he he, he he he owed, he got cheated last year for MVP but I was cracking up 'cause Josh Giddy had an interview after they lost and he was just like, I'm mad I have to wait four more years and on that. And they was just like, he said what? He said I'm mad I have to wait four more years. Oh to play. And they was just like yeah we know you hate waiting.


Oh wow nigga internet don't miss bro. Damn that was, that was yeah you should have said something else bro. That was a quote the box especially with you like crying and shit too. Yeah bro that's yeah. Nah that so you got Lonzo went and come back Player of the year damn come back athlete the year. Nah, I'm not calling him soldier boy but nigga he is gonna come back. I'm saying you know back they be having at the sb they had comeback player of the year. You got Alonzo winning it. That's gonna be tough come back. Yeah if he fuck no, if he get 20, 25 minutes a game for sure. I just hope that he comes back healthy man. That's all I can ask him. He gonna play, he gonna play 15 minutes again. Oh you can ask that up bro. That's a lot to ask. Ben Simmons probably not gonna play next year.


He's living the life. Wait, it's a contract year right? Coming up? Oh no. Oh he gotta play then. Oh well listen Ben Simmons ain't playing. What if Ben Simmons come back and kill a contract here Chill. Ben Simmons about to be a, y'all gonna be hating. I'm not. I fuck with Ben Simmons. I do too. I think Ben Simmons is cool. I wish he would play but I just don't think he won hoop no more. I think my nigga about to be a fisherman. Yeah he out there getting into it. He gets to me hoes for that. It's over for. Nah he really go fishing bro. Nah bro, but this my lot dj dj he out there. Nobody out there on that. Nobody said he didn't fish but it, it is different journeys that we taking on bro. The same bro. He already done hit all the hoes bro. Ain't worried about that. Shout stop to get this real real estate going bro. Get well soon man.


Texting between two different kinds of phones makes photos blurry, lights messy and security risky. Not just that. It also makes sharing photos or even simply video calling editing messages or leaving a group nearly impossible. With WhatsApp everyone can enjoy seamless messaging with the added protection of end-to-end encryption. Streamline your messages across all devices on WhatsApp message privately with everyone.


Hey man listen, I know it just happened but I'm reminiscing of how we all slid to Vegas for the fight. What was crazy is, you know what I'm saying, we, we had a little bit of an issue figured out we was gonna lay our head, you know what I'm saying? We had equipment. I think the best decision we did man was deciding to actually look into an Airbnb. The guest favorites made that whole worry situation. 'cause y'all was sweating. Y'all thought we was about to go back to the crib. We wasn't about to have no Vegas weekend but Airbnb came in, clutch got us in a nice comfortable spot. How you like it man? You know what I'm saying? Normally I know you be. I know you be staying at some good places. You a harsh critic. It was perfect man. It was a really good time. Our state was perfect man. Perfect. And how you feel about the trip man? Love Airbnb man. Shout out to y'all. What's your favorite part about the B experience man? Was it being a B? Know what I'm saying? The comfortability, the air condition. It is hot man. Shout out to the amenities. Look, if you looking for wonderful place to stay, Airbnb is the first place to look.


Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like Spin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the Chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


If you are Ready for an Epic family vacation, there's no better place than Sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills never ending food festivals, fresh new dining experiences, outdoor adventures in Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all and visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it and that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save at visit orlando.com.


Oh Hey we are invited to the Johnson Summer pool party this Saturday. I said we'd bring our famous potato salad oh Saturday. But that's when the blinds guys come in to give us a quote. Those appointments take forever. Oh yeah. I meant to tell you I already found everything we need@blinds.com. They're totally online so we don't have to wait around all day. Just to get a quote, I talked to a blinds.com designer and they're sending us free samples. Oh Blinds.com I've heard of them. Yeah, they've been around for over 25 years. But not everyone knows they can also handle the measuring and installation for a fraction of what the other guys charge. Plus they have a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Well Blinds.com sounds like a no-brainer. Guess I'll cancel Already done that gives you time to make the potato salad. Ugh Yes dear Shop blinds.com now for summer savings up to 40% off Sitewide up to 40% off@blinds.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


Yeah, but all listen Gold Medal game obviously we gonna roll with the USAI ain't gonna hold you. I didn't want us to lose but I liked the fact that we was losing the majority of that game. I was just like all right this makes like niggas have to hoop. And also I did have them Steve cur tweets in the draft. Boy if we lost game I was about to, I won. They killed Steve. Like wait, I still wanna snuff him for that. But is he not a good coach though? I don't know. I don't care. He plays, he got Steph Curry. Oh Lord Mark Jackson, they was already good with Mark Jackson. He just came in and hear the Steph Curry and Clay Thompson. He listen, he has accomplishments that other people will not see. But bro, I told you couple Pie, he gets away with a lot of bullshit bro. And this is a display of it bro.


Les Boer had a team bro. Eric Boer never had a have us in this situation bro. Nah. Is he one of us who Sp Yeah he on his coaching stuff? No. Oh okay. I didn't know. So yeah sp I rather spoke coach anyway though. But he inherited some nice as like a nice ass team. Like he got Steph Clay on. They on they way up. Yeah bro. When Mark Jackson already had him going, I give him credit for, I mean I think Mark Jackson put the battery in Draymond back but he did play Draymond which was a huge, so that was a great decision. But then you got KD come on man with them already. So we not putting Steve Kerr with his accomplishments as like a top 10 coach of all time.


Ah he's definitely a top 10 coach of all time. You got to off the accomplishments alone. But I'm just saying he inherited some like good ass talent. He had a great situation. Nah, I seen some motherfuckers do a lot more or less Doc Rivers. No fuck no, fuck no. Look how they hat on you doc. The hat on your hairline ain your coach. Fuck no Doc needs to be. That's another nigga who should be praising boy Kevin Garnett. If it wasn't for Kg Roby ugly. So I Finally got the live to fucking work. Right. So we live on Patreon, Patreon only to our top tier members and they asked where does the USA Serbia game rank among all time games. One of the best games they've seen in a a long time. It is number two after the when Kobe against Powell though.


Oh as far as Olympic games? Yeah what's up there 37 when Melo dropped 37 too though. Yeah that's that game was when they played Spain. That last game Spain against us when niggas thought we was really about to lose. Yeah, what was niggas on? I don't know but Kobe hit that big three. I'm just excited. I got the shit to work. It was difficult. That's all. That's All. I'm glad you got to work though man. It took us shout the Whole year. 35 minutes and 14 seconds. We're almost done here but hey we all live. No they been watching all the time. We was trying to fix the audio. Oh. Oh okay. Shit cool now. Yeah turn. That's dope man. Well that's what, so this what Patreon get from now on? Yeah they get The top tier members.


Everybody on here. Just the top tier members. Okay. They did live Shows. Shout the top tier. Who on there tell me your name Child on the top tier. They got Like code names and shit. They Don't even ah damn freaky full names Is who the fuck is is. I don't know Who is Nigga just got the aliases out here. This ain't only fans now Niggas is freaky. Booby Miles. Booby Miles. That nigga Wilder for that. Justin is just fucking Justin. Okay. Shout out to Justin. It says 27 people on here Know that. Oh cool, cool, cool. What Booby Mouse where that from? Ain't why running back Friday night? Yeah you didn't lift. I don't need to lift. It's God given. Damn. What's better that or remember the Titans. Remember the Titans is that's too old too like commercial.


Like a commercial Disney. It's a Disney movie. So you said it's too sad? Yeah bro. But remember the Titans is Yeah it is a crazy ass movie. It's sad bro. I love how they swept the racism in that movie. So like cute. Yeah I don't like old movies anyway so I would definitely pick friends. Damn. Ain't too many newer football movies like that though. Yeah, I'm just saying. And you get all American now? Yeah, old old movies are just trash bro. Any given Sunday though. Y'all think that's better than now? That's definitely fake. Any given Sunday's crazy. That's like arena football. It was. But I'm saying though like that's not a real any given Sunday that don't translate Gimme radio over any given Sunday.


Nah they outta po. I ain't going nevermind. I like radio man. I ain't saying nothing about that. I'm leave that along. Leave that alone. I'm leave that alone. What else went on in the world man? Radio is trash. We talked about Jordan doing coke. Marcus, Jordan doing coke. Yeah. Yeah you gotta be specific. Not not I'm sure. I'm sure OG did Coke too but fuck it. His eyes stay red. Chill bro. See yellow. That's gas bro. That's the gas bro. Don't put that on Marcus mj. I smoke MJ smoke gas. That's crazy bro. Definitely smoke gas. Yeah you don't think MJ blow pause. That's crazy. Come on bro.


They only go for singing they smoking bro. Y'all nigga's minds being the gutter bro. I'm just saying it sound crazy. Y talk by no laws. Nah well he got covid sick of that nigga. He has everything under the sun. He what? He has beads in the front of his braids. You can't trust a nigga with beads in his hair as a grown ass man. Why does he have beads at the front but also getting bronze with Covid is far. But I also don't believe that he had Covid. Why are you racing? You think well you still race, you still racing. Yeah nigga you trained ain years. Your life for this moment. Ain't that illegal? That's what I was thinking. Fuck it. They let me run. I'm running there. Do you know you got Covid nigga and you still ran? They been training? He's been training for this moment for three and a half years bro. Regardless bro's probably only in America. Oh but he is, I have Covid.


That's why I came in third. Y'all let Giannis brother hoop with Covid in the NBA. Yeah nigga said we nah he ain't hoop y'all let him be around. He definitely was around so fuck it. Shout to door. Motherfucker said I was lying. Nah he ass around And you seen that Olympic pick? Yeah motherfucker he was, did you see where he was giving him instruction when they was working out? That shit was fire. That was man get the fuck outta the way. That's what I'm saying bro. T crazy. That nigga really was a coach bro. Shit crazy. They do assist. He was like no I like this. He looked at him like hey bro I got a word for you. I can't say get outta my way man. They did say this is the first time the USA won a hundred medals though in the Olympics. That's fire. Yeah. Shout to America.


Whooping everybody ass as we should belt a ass. Yeah but I'm gonna tell you that three on three team women came back and got a medal. Shout out the men's team. You know what's crazy? I haven't heard anything about the girls basketball. We just talked about this yesterday. Yeah, they're about to, who are they playing and what time they played today, don't they? Maybe nobody gives a fuck s Kaitlin Clark effect. Oh damn. I swear to God if Kaitlyn Clark was on that team it would've been 6:00 PM What they would would've been bro. They been whooping shit too. I know they probably beating the hell out people. But I'm just saying if Kaitlyn Clark was a part of that bro, it would've been way I seen him take the picture like the men's team.


Yeah it is over with bro. People tell him relax. Yeah. And Reka ain't on there either, is she? No she's not. Yeah. Nah, that's why they play at 3:00 AM They said somebody said that Brittany Grinder her two right shoes and the picture funny as fuck if y'all find it. That dude like she bitch shouts a bg man Lu nut. But why don't nobody care about their games because you don't care. I would, I haven't heard about 'em. I literally haven't heard about 'em. You ain't did your research. They're they're not. I will, I would be fair to say that as much people talk about it, it's not as, it's overshadowed bro. Track and field is by far. Yeah. The most important thing that people care about gymnast, everything is an overshadow on that bro.


The men's team gymnastic and track and field are the, the men's team is last behind the other two bro. Yeah. Yeah for sure. Niggas know more about volleyball and rugby than the women's basketball. Listen, I I nigga I will go watch a water polo game. Yeah, I'm cool. You know where? How sushi works. Oh Brittany. 14? No A 16. No 17. What's your guess? Me In men's or women's? Definitely men's. She probably wear 15 in men's. A 17 in men's. I mean she, that is a man. She not short. What? Brittany Carter what? Six, eight. That's crazy. She a man though. So she had to change over. You can say that. 'cause she said she No, she said she's a guy. Yeah, she I. So she had to change over respect to bg.


It don't even look bad because like she, it don't look nigga could you imagine get in the bed with a woman with a 17 show nigga she's a, you not getting to bed with her nigga. She get in to bed with your girls. You, she said she a man bro. She can never, I'm just talking about a girl with a size 17. I would never, she could never wear Chuck Taylors. They be twenties. I like to put the legs on my shoulders. Ain't no way a size 17 getting on my shoulders put too heavy. Y'all the little niggas y motherfucker shoulder gonna collapse nigga. Y'all getting no bg, man. I'm not. That is crazy.


Real. What? Hey, me and bg, if you talk to the same people bro, nah, hell nah. That's how it looks. She won't like she ain't messing Damn. A size 17 shoes. I wonder if a dude ever hollered at her though, bro. No way. That's, that'd be really interesting. Well I'm not, you know what I would, I would not be. That's a actually a good question because I found out something last year. I'm not gonna say where we was, but it is people taking down somebody that I would never think No. You talking about Amber, we laugh. Oh, I'm pulling him.


I remember. I just remember you told me that last time. Oh man. Cracking my nigga ain't crazy. My nigga cracking. My nigga is crazy. But she, she a girl though. Yeah, she's a girl. She be girly though. She just, she just tall so for sure. Oh my god. bg probably because, but she don't want to be a girl though. Bg wants to be a dude.


Like she said she, she, that's what she is. She says she's a pop. So yeah, like respect her, her identity. Yeah, she can do what she want. I ain't hating, you know I'm just cleaning it up. That's all. You all good. Go crazy. Do your thing. I'm just wonder, I'm just wondering like in high school, fuck all love Who you love? Shit, any motherfucker. Were the 17th. You need to be screened nigga give don't a fuck about that shit. That's crazy. What the fuck does her dad and mom look like nigga? That is insane. A 17 shoe bro. Females that wear twelves is crazy bro. It's bad. Chicks out here with a size 12. I know a pretty girl wear 11.


That's crazy. Bitch y'alls fucked up because he is in Atlanta. I'm looking at her like see, lemme see your hands. Lemme see some baby pics. Right? You got some kids? I'm telling you bro, you gotta scream. I got a 14-year-old son, like he better have a kid come real quick. That is crazy. Especially in Atlanta. You definitely gotta be girl. Good boy. Yeah, you real physical. You wear 11, you got your I and cross your T's. You were 11. Hmm? 11 is, but how tall is a motherfucker though? Bitch, you look at be like, I don't even know that size A European. If a girl's five 10 And we 11. Is that cool? Nah, we can't do that. My cousin wear like a 13. Yeah, I'm the big, the big feet is crazy.


She tall. I think like a, I ain't gonna say she wear a thirst. She might wear like a 10. Like a nine is cool though. 10 in, 10 in. Guys respect to the fe. Even know wear nine. That's crazy What we got here. I gotta ask y'all. They was shitting on the homie last week because after his girl won her athletic situation in the Olympics, got the medal he proposed to her. We had a runner and she won her event and got her shit and then she went and proposed to her man And. we don't hear the same energy about that, but I think it's absolutely hilarious that she proposed to a man. I want to ask y'all, obviously I know the question, but how would y'all feel in that situation with the world on you camera? Your girl came and proposed to you. What is y'all reaction right now? Oh, chick proposed to a dude on proposed to her dude an Olympics after she won.


Yeah, I could never did one that week's, but Dom g nah, that is crazy. Hell nah. I ain on that. I mean, if they p prefer we out the Volume.


When the time comes to plan your next big getaway know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando, just think about it. The thrills at their 15 world class theme parks followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save at visit orlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need for an amazing getaway,


Man, listen, traveling be crazy, but I'm so happy that we agreed upon staring the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah, traveling sometimes and they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, spots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier for sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified end up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man, it was perfect. Shout to Airbnb, how you feel about it. Tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great.


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs, but odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ooo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@odu.com. That's OD o.com. Good job. Thanks.


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Vitamin Water was born in New York because New Yorkers born and more like more flavor to go with all the flavor. A refreshing drink after climbing six flights of stairs to a walkup apartment or standing in the subway station in a hundred degree heat. Drink vitamin water. It's from New York.