
Every morning brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we started together. Watch The Today Show weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back. We're partnering with Nissans. So pull up to their exclusive lounge to get a special look at the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks and Nissan Rogue. The Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 and features available 12.3 inch touchscreen display while the all new Nissan Kicks holds it down with a totally redesigned interior cabin with features like available wireless apple CarPlay and available panoramic moon roof. Relax and see how Nissan is leveling up the game. Come kick it. April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Get ready for culture, community, and good conversation


This season.


Let your shoes do the talking designer shoe warehouses packed with fresh styles that speak to your whole five without saying a word from cool sneakers that look good with everything, the easy sandals you'll wanna wear on repeat. DSW has you covered. Find a shoe forever you from the brands you love like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, new Balance and more Head DSW store. Or visit DSW dot com today.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing and just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


The Volume.


Yo, what's going on? It's Club five 20, man, we just here to talk about some real stuff and listen, everything is going up. Everything is more expensive, you name it. Water, eggs, milk. It's a lot of stuff going on. The last thing you want, it's credit card debt. And listen, there is a better way for you, man, especially to build your credit. All you gotta do is tap in with chimes credit builder card. It's a secure credit card. No credit check and a minimum deposit required. But listen, it'll get you start on your financial freedom. A, it is really easy to start building credit with your everyday purchases. You can make regular on time payments. It is no annual fees, interest or credit checks. I mean, chime is the way to go. chime.com With a better credit score. It gives you an opportunity to take family vacations, unexpected bills that you can take care of. You know, just make life a lot easier for you. A good score makes a big difference. All these things can help you lower interest rates in your home and your car. A good score makes a big difference. Using your chime map. You have access to 50,000 fee free ATMs across the world To your everyday purchases and on time Payments is the steps towards your financial goals. And Chime, secure Credit builder, visa credit card. Get started today@chime.com. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card is issued by the Bank Corp Bank NA or Strive Bank. Na SpotMe eligibility requires an overdraft limit. Apply chime checking account required to apply out of network at m withdrawal and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Tommy depends or submission of Fame.


All right man. We back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wells. Same gang with me to my left. We got my dog Bishop B here out the pearl. He how you what? Nasty. What's happening? Nasty. Let's get to it baby. For Sure. I see you got the house. Say Scion. You trying to get your NIL in? Yeah man. Just signed my letter of intent yesterday. To Who? To b Ohio State University. Nigga, We don't accept You. What happened? I'm the Ohio State legend. No you not. No you not. Not said I'm the Ohio State legend. No, Jeff. Jeff is going to Miami of Ohio. What we Was talking, what we was talking about earlier, when Nico, nah. When people be like, Oh yeah I go to Southern Illinois Or I go to iu, nigga stand to e IU East.


They, they say the last part low as hell IU East. I go Where you go Indiana State Outta pocket. Shout out to everybody man. Going to college getting their degrees. For sure man. Shout out to the college graduates on the way. Boy I'm at the end of season. I watched that time. Follow was on the way because We fucked up about this. We know people that go to all these Nigga I had nigga with the SI to Illinois University. What? That me looked different. I was like, I thought it was burgundy.


Yo shit orange. Alright. My bad shout to they was not on call basketball. He said Yeah I go to SIU Man. Shout out to everybody doing they thing. It was joke. Shout to them To my right. My dog. Yo Nacho. Yo Teague. How you what? I'm good man. Put our first guy our first, well yeah, our first senior. It's our first senior. No, we had some seniors last year didn't we? You did. This is your first D one. We Have our first D one kid sign today. Turnover man. How that feel as a coach man? Getting somebody to the next level. Accomplishing their dreams man. Well man it pop's played a huge part. You know a a u play a huge part. You play the A A U.


But we put in some good words. Shout out todo, Lido and trip when they came up here they put in some good words for my, my guy too. So shout to lead up man. Man. And that whole Tennessee state coaching staff. Shout to CSU like you said, it's crazy 'cause what you do on the court obviously matters. But the relationship off the court. That's why your demeanor, how you carry yourself go the wrong way because it could have been shaky and that report couldn't have been the best, what the coach is looking for. But due to good relationships, You know what I'm saying? Some good words got put in. Man, that's fire. That's facts, that's fuck. So be here man. I want to talk to you about this. I seen this on the internet man. And we so close to this holiday. Shout to those who celebrate. We so close to Easter and ain't nobody said nothing about it. Family group chat been dry. Ain't nobody been putting together the plan for the meals. Like what's going on man?


We out here losing recipes or what? Nah, you definitely losing recipes. It is just that the, this generation of grandmothers is just, they going to all stars ho Vitos culture Saturday night bro. They ain't waking up. They ain't prepping, You know at midnight for Easter dinner. So times has just changed. Grandmothers is trying to be outside with they daughters now bro. So it's different. Damn. It's different lot. It's a lot of people that don't rock with Eastern. Yeah. Holidays no more like that. So yeah. I just don't think the women is just trying to cook no more. It's just different bro. It is just different. Grandma ain't, Grandma ain't got bad feet no more. Yeah It's over with. Yeah Grandma, everybody Grandma had bad feet.


Yeah when I was growing up. And Grandmas just getting, if you 50 you grandma, you probably done got a BBL. I'm rolling. You done got your waist snatched and I'm rolling so yeah bro. I was watching Real Housewives of Atlanta just like this is crazy. This is 50-year-old women and everybody got a, b, b. Yeah, I'm rolling. A Momo ain't seeing you. They ain't got bad feet. I swear to God. It is like everybody grandma had bad feet. Mm but them near, Yeah them them near they Walkers was like you say they had a bun or something that they could, yeah. Yeah they got bad walkers for sure. Yeah I just, these grandma they just different bro. I don't know. Yeah and they ain't got that little arm. They, they got that little arm situation right here. They the arm situation right here.


You know that mac and cheese is gonna be a one. They got that cut off. Yeah. Got trimmed. Yeah. Yeah. Motherfucker Going on a girl's trip during Easter. Yeah motherfucker Going on a cruise. The tricep BBO O is crazy. They they getting that thing cut off. I wonder how old, I wonder if doctors be telling women, girl you 60 chill out, let's get ready to die now. Trying to get a BBL 60 is crazy. I wonder if it's an age cutoff. They Were showing biblical fox. You got BB She did. That's what they say. Damn. The 50 50 said, let me see I up with 50 Get the BBL at 60 is crazy bro. Because Who you impressing 60 to new 50 man?


Yeah because probably 'cause they like shit these older niggas, they like the younger women. So we trying to stay in tune. Trying to keep up as best as we can. Yeah, I mean do what you want with your buddy. I just think at a certain age 50 cut it off 50 still pushing it but damn. Yeah, nah. And people looking good at 50. Think about that. Bernice probably like 45. She fire when she get 50 she ain't gonna fall off that much. I know, bro. But how many people You know to look like her? Like I Said, it's only one bro though bro. I mean it is. It's some older women that we just don't think that old like Kerry Hilson. What? Yeah, those women, I'm, I'm not saying nothing wrong with that. I'm just saying going under the table 42. Yeah, I'm saying going under the table nigga We damn 50.


The fuck nigga. I, I mean I thought about Ozempic but I ain't fucking with it. Yeah, I mean I'm, I'm a stay natural. I'm just thinking about natural. I'm saying, I'm saying, I'm saying old and I thought about, I'm like nigga curious like my, how old is Lisa Ray? I think Lisa Ray is in her fifties. Yeah. Okay. We can name 'em y'all Nia Long 57. Whoa. Yeah, that's, Yeah that's respect. That's still an all time fa Yeah That's a legend. Yeah, That's She Michael. That's why I always tell niggas man, when you get these girls pregnant or you be with 'em, man look at that family tree because it could get wicked boy.


Who else is that? Older all the time. Look at that shot clock. Yeah. Who else? A little older. What Maya, how old am I? My my recruitment process was serious. But imagine it happened to be 50 in the portal. That's crazy. You fresh off of BBO 40 in the portal. Damn. Like 45 ain't looking the same. I ain't gonna lie. When people was 45 when I was younger they was weak. That's true. Even like teachers. I remember somebody put up a picture of all the gym teachers when we was kids bro. I said yep. Everybody had a stud shout out to Ms. Stud. Ms. Sutton. Everybody looked like a stud back then. Now these teachers, damn they righteous bro. Man, shout out to Ms.


Lamper. New Augusta North Legend bro. Understood. We didn't know bro. Well my pops was 32 bro. I thought he was old as hell because he was baldheaded had hella kids. Yeah. I was like boy life just walked through it. Yeah. Life hard. Boy. I can't, I hate to be 32. Glad to see him living good at his later years. Hey I, I do everything fun at 36. His life was so, It was too serious. He had so many kids. Yeah he just, damn man. Every morning I see a nigga dang. And I live, I'm looking at my life. I'm like 36 don't seem old enough nigga I'm going to wrestling this weekend. Yeah, I, my pops didn't have no weak Kids. Oh bro. Being 32 in 2022, motherfucker 32 in 92 is different.


Oh god bro. 32 and nine two was 50 bro you was 50. You Was 50 for sure. Yeah bro. Hell yeah bro. We look at the pictures of Nate Thurman and them bro look like they was 65 with some hair lines bro. They was in their prime at 24. They was 24 looking 38. That that's different for sure. Yeah, the cocaine era was different bro. Everybody hairline was fucked up. I always Wondered that too about the NBA players. Like why the hell did they look so old bro? Niggas, airlines was receding and all kind of shit. Niggas was dealing with segregation and having to go hoop bro. Life was fucked up bro. America went so kind of our people at that time period. You right because they were hooping and then going back to their regular jobs and shit. Like Think about that. My nigga Mike was baldheaded at like 28.


No but it, that's Mike But nigga It wasn't, it wasn't Lane. Mike also wore a hooper earring that was violating the culture. But it was cool. I'm just saying imagine being baldheaded at 28 nigga you wasn't thinking about being bald at 28. I see. I can't say that Bro. I feel like Mike was old as hell when he was 28 Because that's what Gill and Jada and them did though. Jada kissing them bro. They went bald just 'cause I feel like Jada kissing them was old too. But Jada kissing showed that he could have a full lineup though. Like in 2025 he wanted to. Yeah, but I'm saying some shit is bad. How Is jda? I, he's gotta be closer than 50 for sure. Yeah, five. I feel like when JDA was 19 he looked 26. 49. 49. Yeah. Yeah. Solid.


That's solid. That was when, when we interviewed him he was like, y'all niggas thought I was bald at 19. We was like, we but yeah never nigga We dunno, you nigga you didn't have IG to choice your haircut. They yeah bro. Wet know if you had alopecia or something bro. We thought you was straight ball with his gang. Talk To my nigga Jada. He still looks the same though. He look younger now. Yeah, I feel like him. People like Phar real fabulous. Them niggas didn't age. Nah, Ferrell Didn actually had them, them kids boy had them triplets. Yeah that definitely damaged counters for sure. Oh for sure. But like you said man, a lot of people being more conscious. Like you said you see J kids working there all the time. They move juices and stuff like that. A lot of people embrace that.


That's the problem is when you don't or if it's too late. And that might be the other thing too. Even with the grandmas, niggas don't wanna make them Hamm hawks in them greens no more bro. Niggas just eating vegetarian meals on Easter Sunday. Yeah the vibes ain't the ain't no ain't no more ham nigga ain't no more that macaroni Ham. Damn. They outta business boy. Aw niggas to get offended. You talking about being a honey hammer around bro. It's, it's up bro. You damn near going to hell yeah bro. You eat ha around so like you damn near going to hell now. That swine Y Like smoking cigarettes. Oh y'all motherfucker lie Like I'm I'm never gonna let y'all do that. Yeah I'm never motherfucker with a ham.


What ham is comparable to cigarette ham? Ham hawk Ham is comparable. It is definitely comparable to C Nigga A ham sandwich, a fresh ham with a, you gotta have the bone in the spiral. Shit is bullshit. Okay. Always make sure your ham got the bone. Only nigga eating ham. No I'm not bro. Ham is very, very serviceable in any crib bro. Y'all niggas is tripping bro. On Thanksgiving bro. It's going Turkey. You got him at your On Thanksgiving? Yes. Ham, Turkey, duck and if you feeling frisky put the yeah pineapples in the motherfucking ham. We we could get Turkey and put pineapples in. Oh y'all have something to drink?


Nah, it's heat bro. Nah, your shit be, I'm gonna make sure I come to my house. I gotta try ask anybody the the pineapple with the Turkey. I swear. God. Nah it's it's hit Man. I'll Give it a chance. I'll give it a skeptical but I'll give it a chance nigga. I ain't going on. Yeah I swear. I swear to God I'm not going On. You would think when my mama make that Turkey that look like him, like it make you think of him Turkey look like him. You know what I'm talking about. I swear to, I swear to God it's he. Oh yeah because we used to eat him like this nigga and my mom was like we don't, you can't eat him no more. T Thanksgiving is ai. No you would think it's ham's like ham.


Nah, I'm saying You know. Yeah like slice a piece of him. Slice him. Yeah. Yeah it is Turkey though. But yeah it would be with the pin Turkey colors with the pint. All I'm have to, I'm gonna say something. Malcolm just now Starting eating real food. I can't take his, is it heat? I swear to God it was nasty. I told him this, this is trash. Oh yes now you are a picky eater. So I'm from respect I, I'm not respecting When was when Paula Fuck When P was taking it home like yeah I know you gonna need an extra 10 pieces a day. I'm like you fuck with us. You like oh that's good. What is it? I'm like What are y'all sides Normal sides nigga. I mean you. Y'all cutting out the one of the biggest parts bro.


Do y'all eat no damn ham no more? I'm telling you it's like smoking cigarettes. Yeah nigga do get offended. You pro the ham bro. But that's Normal. Who bro? They, what are they talking about? You Saying people who eat bacon? Never bro. Y'all are making that up. No Bro. I'm telling there's people who eat bacon and look at him and say how dare you. It is crazy. It doesn't make any sense. I'm just saying Knicks is on that. No him bro. No. A lot of Muslim you see who circle no Muslim mouth. Yeah. Niggas, nigga niggas is bad body over there. Only got one nigga In the probably choking it all kind of shit. That's crazy. Nah bro. Fuck yeah. You talking about o like nigga over here preaching. These niggas just saying my granny baked Turkey that look like him.


Nah bro. Weak As Nah you gotta have slice that slice ham, it sliced Turkey fam. Oh man. I'm gonna put your on though. And I swear to God when y'all, y'all gonna be like man damn this shit I, I swear because my mama did it. I was like I don't eat him mama. She said boy I ain't him, I ain't had him in my house in 10 years. That's a cuss word of someplace. That's Crazy. Years is crazy bro. That next day him sandwich nigga is retarded on that Hawaiian roll That next, what the fuck that next day Turkey sandwich on me the heavily hell bus next day with Wine. Do y'all, does she fry the Turkey? Well you asking me a question just come over That motherfucker really Minty did. Alright. I'm telling you, come on the bust downhill for sure.


We about to have fun today man. Fire bro. Me, go ahead. What's so funny? Drinks here. I seen my nigga p try to buy one and try to do it. She like yeah you want that don't you? Yeah. Figure that thing out. P bought bought pineapples In the truck. Nah, shoot the the way it, yeah, I, I can't get my mama get out P you better get that motherfucker some oil. It was fire. Okay. It's crazy bro. We can move on though man. I guess For sure. I want to ask y'all this question because I get into comments all the time. We've asked you this before, but for all of us, You know what I'm saying, life has been good. What's been some changes in your life, like from a financial standpoint, You know, a lot of things going on, terror prices going up. What's some things that made you feel like, all right, I'm a little bit of financially safe at the moment.


I don't know bro. That's a good question. Paying bills up. Hmm. Paying bills up like six months at a time. Nah, first thing I felt like I like made it like I was cool. It was probably when I bought my first crib I was like damn I could buy a crib. Like I'm cool and I ain't had no mortgage or nothing when I bought the crib right out. So I was like, yeah. Oh that's hard. Yeah. Cash off of the crib. Yeah it wasn't, it wasn't nothing crazy so I ain't that stupid yo. No it was crazy. So that's, that's a hell of a purchase my boy. No it wasn't. It wasn't, it wasn't a crazy period. But then also when I like played longer and I felt like, You know, I'm all the way good.


Yeah. When I bought the Porsche nine 11. Oh that was like my dream car. I wanted that mug bad. That was the only thing I ever really wanted. Like I wanted the G wagon too but I wanted that Porsche nine 11 more than anything. Yeah. That's a dream car for sure. The Porsche go crazy. I think my first real moment hit me is a s hit me twice with it. I hit the refresh and it came out twice and I ain't flinched. I said okay, I'm all right because a gonna be bullshitting in the wintertime. You think I live in a fucking mansion the way they charged me for my fucking apartment? Nah, that's a fact. I, yeah me bro. Yeah it's, it's really just paying the bills up them head for the year. Not even thinking twice about it Now what's the thoughts of the people around you now? Because that's the funny part that I got that I could pay everybody.


Bills six months ahead now. For real bro. Everybody, this shit make people think we got a whole whole lot of money bro. Mm. And I get it. But you Ari Barton? Yeah, I'm invisible right now. Okay. Shout out to Barbie. She's invisible. They hear you though. Yeah. All them coach pads Coachella Pants that is not on camera. Huh? I dunno. We don't got no cups. Just pour that out and pour it in there. I don't have it. I gotta get one. You're in the 10 99 man.


If you in one place you cannot sue us. But That is funny though. The people we thinking we really got money off this shit. It's hilarious. I mean we get paid but it's, it is not, it's not life changing yet. But that's just what come with this shit though Man. Shit. Nowadays y'all get paid. Yes. Well Mike says it all the time. He tells everybody YouTube people on the outside world, they don't pay us enough. They don't pay me enough. Yeah. And this, yeah, see, See I, I reinvest my money back into the brand so whatever they take, oh it's on me. You know I put my money back into the cameras. Oh.


I never seen Mike sit back in. Wait a minute. Oh You know, is that what's happening? That was doing some numer receipts. I just be on the, every now and then like a business class flight maybe I I I get the, the back of the back of the plane. I get the smallest room and I don't even get in the same hotel rooms as y'all sometimes. Well and that's what I'm saying. I know I haven't made it yet. Oh we lying. Let's cook. So we all have a, we got a business account, let's just, no we don't spill. Yes we do. So we all go on the trip and Mike still tells us from your personal account if you wanna sit first class, you have to pay For that. I don't have any control. The economy flight is On us off the dribble.


That's for you. Vegas with them first class upgrade. Its a personal experience. I say first class every time on y'all. I gotta book y'all flights and then I can only sit In the back. You gotta earn your money bro. All the way around bro. I listen opposite first class. Don't give fuck what these niggas do. Who you say we pay for his first class. Yes. That's what they wanna do. Them niggas all, it ain't nothing to me. I'll send them back. I don't be caring. It's just I sometimes I do get a, when Mike asks for an extra couple hundred dollars, I'll be like bro that's kind of crazy.


Well I'm not gonna make this a thing but I should be first if I wanna sit first class since I sit all the way in 34 A on every fucking flight, it should be a problem. I get between 30 and 30. No wait a minute, I'm literally In 34 A no matter the airline, I don't care how y'all feel about it. YouTube, if that nigga booked me and I'm 34 something I ain't going. Well How about this I wasn't gonna tell y'all but You know go to Vegas. Yeah this nigga got Southwest. There ain't no fucking seats. We got race. It is what? It's to the gate. We gotta get it off the mud. If we in boarding group F, We gonna be paying motherfuckers to skip the line. That shit gonna be like the club. We are definitely in the 13th zone.


I'm putting, excuse me Bro. Ain't no way. See look. And that's the person who books our flight. You don't even care. It's all about saving money. Okay. It's y'all money. I'm trying. If I save y'all more money, y'all could possibly pay me one day. People think I really get paid. I'm here for the love. Listen y'all, You nigga one thing about Mike, he ain't here for no damn love. Never. He ain't never for no love. Southwest nigga To start the podcast. That nigga said I come do one show. Yeah. Oh we were Y'all kind of funny. Yeah. Alright. He talked to us Dusty send That nigga sure dust like playback. What He used to send them long ass text messages.


So with all that said, y'all still don't read Them. I got one yesterday. Oh. I definitely didn't get that. I, I'll stopped reading them texts two years ago. Yeah for sure. Y'all need to, y'all react send text out, y'all go to the studio and be like so everybody cool with that? I'll go, what y'all talking about? That happened yesterday. Happened yesterday. Like I don't read text bro. I tell everybody, every people think I'm lying. I do not read text. If you text me over two sentences it is dead. Dead. You might as well just call me 'cause I'm not reading. That's how I feel about people voice notes. If you send me a voice note over 30 seconds, I promise I'm not listening. All I Charge that to the game.


I'm cool with a voice note because I don't want read that shit bro. If it's long I it is. It's over two sentences bro. Y'all might as well say tell you, you not read that I'm for, I'm a hundred percent sure he did not read that. Yeah, I tried to call Mike yesterday. He had his phone off. Said damn you call me. This is kind of important. No 'cause you, yeah 'cause you text back this morning saying, oh my bad, my phone was off. Like, nigga. Oh I'm sorry. Yeah. What was off was though when my iPad died, when Brandon Jennings and Pat bed was going back and forth, I was pissed. It died and then they thought, nigga that was your light. Well yo y'all was your house with the was Oh yeah.


Was changing. Everybody. Everybody right. Me like, nigga fix your lights, fix your life. Like nigga I, yeah tea, He's a, oh but I only put in one Just so I can see the street. I didn't Hey that's what said. He said you got four lights with only one light bulb. And I'm like, I'm upstairs. I'm like nigga don't even got no light like right here. Because I had to go upstairs because My wife, I said damn, ain't no bulbs in this bitch. Let me grab one. But when they was roasting me, bro, I started laughing and justly my iPad. I'm like talking about, I'm looking up, I'm literally over my phone like what is he talking about? I'm like, like I'm in a closet. I don't even got that. Like Stay there. Well that's crazy.


I was in my shoe closet bro. My shoe closet, my shoe club. I in my shoe closet. Stay here. Crazy. He's a ho. Hey I ain't gonna hold you man. Pat Ben pulled up a playback yesterday. Like Thanos was funny as hell bro. Who y'all Think you really win in that though? On some real shit? Fuck all the antics


From the play games all the way to the finals. Now is the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase scorer. Ready to place your first bet? Download Draft King Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New draft King customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus. Best instantly make it a playoff for want to remember with DraftKings? Download a DraftKings sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This is today with Sun. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy we Celebrate it Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch the Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


What's good fam? The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back and taking over Pullman Yards in Atlanta on Saturday April 26th. And it's gonna be a whole vibe. Doors open at 11:00 AM So you already know It's an all day celebration of black excellence and we're partnering with Nissan to bring you an event you won't want to miss 'cause it's all going down in the Nissan Lounge. If you haven't seen the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks or the Nissan Rogue yet, this is your moment. From available intelligent around view monitor to available bows, personal plus sound system. The all new Nissan Kicks is ready. Whether you're cruising through the city or hitting the highway, the Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 with available HD enhanced, intelligent around view monitor with moving object detection and a standard VC turbo engine. So pull up to the Nissan Lounge to explore their cutting edge features. Snap some epic picks and see which ride matches your energy. Music, love, culture, and community all in one place. So come through, show out and make some memories. Tickets are on sale now at black effect.com/podcast Festival.


Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, that's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At least he grabs the first bag. The second Bob, it looks like he's trying to do it all. One trip he shimmies the door open steps over the dog. Oh and he stumbles Oh right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eats his protein packed oco with 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos stronger makes everything better


because In 2025 NBA plows get more exciting.


Actually yes because this year thanks to Dash pass members only deal. When they swoosh you score. Specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any players score 50 or more points in the playoff game dash pass members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash. Put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more. Use your promo called Wingstop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score sign for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one. Valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game must have an active dash pass account terms apply.


If y'all didn't know nothing about it, y'all just had to put a hundred dollars on the game. But it it gotta have some type of like rules. Like if it's like three dribbles, four dribbles, man gimme a different perspective. If it is like a time limit, Seven seconds. I ain't seen Brandon hoop in a minute. So Yeah, if this was Brandon back in the day, I would say Brandon. 'cause I know in seven seconds he can move quick and do all that shit. Yeah, I ain't seen him hoop in a minute so I don't know how he moving. So I probably lean towards Pat Bev and that because I seen him play more recently. I just think Pat Bev gonna play so hard. Yeah, He gonna try to, He gonna try to guard super, super hard.


There has to be a referee if he Evan so ref Brandon to be, Brandon got a chance if it's so ref. 'cause he gonna foul for sure. Oh no ref, that game aint getting past three points. Yeah. Yeah he gonna pass but like him scoring, I don't know. I ain't, I ain't never really seen Pat Bay get his bag. Like I ain't never really seen him do one-on-one stuff, so. Mm. That's gonna be, I don't know. I ain't never seen him do it. I actually like that match if, I hope they actually make that happen. Yeah, little will too. I, I'll say that he is, You know what I'm saying? Interested in that situation. I would love to see Lou will in that mix. Yeah. I think Lou will kind of like yo damn because Pat path or a jab but nigga I'm a six man. Damn. Because I want to For sure you, You didn't take my starting spot.


You're not the reason why I'm coming off the bench for sure. That Ty Lawson shit. Okay. We don't know maybe whatever cool if that's true but the lou will shit bro. That's out of pocket bro. Well Ty Lawson has been on the internet. He's in the gym bro. He In the Gym. Yeah he, he's ready to prove something bro. Ty Lawson not like all these tweets bro. I'm gonna leave Ty alone. Yeah. Working out every day. Yeah I think Ty back locked in bro. And we obviously we seen what Mark and Jordan is long. He is at LA Fitness calls of havoc. This needs to happen. This needs to happen. Even if it's just king of the hill, king of the court. It has to happen bro. This is funny. Good Niggas a couple man. I'll say June, let's make it happen.


Let's figure it out. Let's figure out the city because this is going, it is gonna be fat wherever. Oh it's gonna be look yeah about give everybody a couple months to get in shape. You know what I'm saying? Get some consistent runs in. Yeah. Let's see it. It's time man. That'd be cool for the big three to pop it off. But five 20 we going on a tour yo. Yeah. So we going to your nearest parks. Oh yeah. And you pulling up and hooping. We're running threes. Threes I'm coming there. That fouling shit either we got, we got, we always got a special guest. Marcus. Marcus, my brother as always our our sub band so he will be used. Yeah. So get y'all, y'all hoop it up Teams, Gus Smacker team, whatever it is. Damn. We On this tour this summer we pulling up to cities, we pulling up to parks and we hooping.


Yeah. The day before we gonna announce what park we going to Wooey Pull up. Y'all pull up and hoop Cameraman will be out there. Security will be out there so act accordingly. That'll be fun man. I know that's gonna be lit. Come on man. Bring the VS back outside basketball. Yep. So we gonna get the hoop on three on three. You know what I like about all this shit. I mean it is mostly friendly banter for the most part but I like the fact that it's making everybody wanna go hoop. That's the dope part about it. Everybody go get active again. It's a lot of people who ain't did shit in a long time just sitting wasting away show everybody why you was good man, it don't matter who in this shit but it's dope to see everybody like y'all was all named, y'all was all somebody go hoop man I fuck with that. Nah. Yeah for sure.


Speaking of hoop man. Steph called you out man. Not in a bad way but he was shot. Y'all out said y'all was kicking it man. All American Squiddy. You Jimmy Harden, You know what I mean? I got accolades. Fuck your shit. Nah but he could have left me out that motherfucker. Why he could left you out? Because He was like man You know everybody from the oh nine class. That was all Americans. Me James Hart, You know Jeff T Man since oh nine we still doing it 2025. No nigga y'all still doing it in 2025. Nigga you could have left me out that bitch man. I Mean we still, your name still alive. Yeah, I I you show love like every nigga was there still alive. I appreciate you Steph. Man I, I made an appearance man.


But yeah She could have left you out. It made me, I was like damn that's hard bro. Then I sat back and thought about it. I'm like damn I was just talking about them niggas game man. Yeah I was on the morning show talking about it. Me and James still playing. Jeff talking about us. We still lit man. Oh nah. Yeah I was like hell hey shit. Hopefully when we transition to that life, Jeff can give us some help. Show us The roles nigga got three more years left and shit. Steph get another the next deal. Shout to them man though. But nah, they was hella cool when I met them and that was my first time meeting both of them and it was a cool vibe bro. How long was y'all together? Two days. Mm okay.


We did some autograph signings man we kicked it. Did Ya hoop? Nope, we got stepped to go outside. That's when I know he was super famous. Blake Griffin was there too. Bg Jody Meeks. I can't remember everybody that was there though. Ty. I think Ty was Ty. Ty might've been there. Who? Ty Lawson was there. Damn Y'all went out with Stephanie? It was over. Ah man he shut that shit down And me, him James, I, I gased Steph up enough. I'm like man just come. He like man I'd really like to go out and he came outside boy. That's when I knew I wasn't shit they was running in his autograph running by me. I'm like damn. Like damn I'm here.


Like what? No, like they was just running past what City was right in Detroit. Okay. Damn. Damn. I'm like damn I wasn't getting no love. Blake Griffin was getting love. Steph was getting all the love. James Harvin was getting a little bit of love but we was the more of the outcast. We Just, You know it's crazy. Y'all went to the bigger schools? Yeah. Yeah that light on Steph was different bro. But people forget bro. Everybody was pulled up to them Davison games to go see Steph bro. You had bro, you had the OK C squad light. He was the prodigy bro. Yeah. That's crazy. And then he live up to that expectation too in the league This year. 17 FA 1616.


What's crazy is again nobody thought that he was gonna be the best PG ever but if he would've had a fourth of his career, yeah he had a hell of a career. Yeah in fact, I mean for him to do what he did at Davidson to come to the league and become one of the best pgs ever is crazy bro. Yeah I didn't expect it but shit Steph and Steph man it's Crazy. He beating his own record every day. I don't think nobody ever catch that three point record. It's gonna be tough bro. And I imagine that he had set out a couple years really with them ankle injuries. Yeah that shit would be way higher than that. That's a fact. He didn't have a crazy start to his career. I mean I remember at one point it was a contemplation between keeping him or Monte Ellis. We talked about that beforehand.


But to have that start to not even be the proper man to go and say his start. That's crazy. Mm. What was wrong with stuff earlier? His ankles and shit. Damn. Do niggas still wear ankle braces? He do. They do. I ain't seen them in a while on athletes. For real bro Ankle. I ain't like damn Niggas wear ankle braces. I mean ankle braces. I'm thinking shout out to Freaky mike. That's a real one. We one we gotta get set up, You know what I'm saying? It was a warm up game between Freaky Mike and Malcolm and Malcolm took the L. Now it's for beat him and freaky Mike Man Said he was beat him with all left hand like moves all Left hand way up.


Finished with a, it was nice. Yeah I seen it. Motherfucker said okay Dirk di yo can't be talking about the whiskey. That is crazy. I told You I'm just an athlete. That's all that matters. I'm just An athlete. Yeah Mike told me guys that he is the best athlete that I know. He even challenged Jeffrey and can. That nigga can't beat me in nothing. I literally can be besides stretching and y'all seen the video. Stop talking about being stretching. Nigga did thatAnd shit. Yeah Mike you should be offended 'cause when niggas say like you more flexible than them, it's kind of I feel you. I feel you. That's be offended. That's crazy. That's about It.


That's about it. I know Ruby's Cube was actually a sport too. Oh nigga man you take you forever to do that shit. ESPN ate the OCHO ass. That one something. Oh man You outta pocket for sure. Y'all see Rich Paul said that the might heat was not a big three. What'd he say it was? He said it wasn't a big three. He basically downplayed Chris Bosch. Damn you can't, he the most important pieces player. I, I don't know. I don't think it was to di disrespect but he was on Pat McAfee talking about it. I'm like no they were a big three bro. Yeah we're not gonna downplay that. Chris BA was cold before he went there. I mean he was cold there.


Yeah, Chris BA was a double double machine. He's the one who had to sacrifice the most Perennial All Star. Yeah. I don't Know. We talked about the blood costing situation. Like we didn't even get to see Chris Bos post when they left. Yeah, he was gonna hoop Miami. Damn. I dunno. Hopefully Rich Paul meant something else. Yeah, I I don't know about that bro. That was a big three. He Averaged 17 seven. 17 to seven and shot from 51% in The field. Yeah, he didn't get the same touches he was getting. Hell don't know His Toronto numbers. Yeah obviously he playing with LeBron. That was Yeah. Was only with him though. Yeah bro. His Chris Bosch was different. Yeah, elite bro. They asked him to join for a reason. Yeah there wasn't no yeah before that He was averaging 24 and 10 20.


Yeah let's not get it fucked up. So Yeah, he was a problem. Yeah maybe that was clipped up wrong or some shit. Yeah. Yeah and and his ability to switch on defense like him and LeBron. That was havoc bro. Man, his ability to start shooting at three. Yeah that 15 footer was cash but when he started shooting at three it got real Spooky. I don't even know of a big three that's better than them three. Shit. KD Step and Clay, I'm nothing. Ooh All right. I'm nothing on being better than LeBron. Steph is better than D Wade kd, he ain't better than LeBron but he fucking right there. Chris Bsch is way better than fucking Clay Thompson.


Man Crazy as hell boy. What boy, you crazy as hell. That's niggas tough. It's Nigga you tripping. Stop boy. And I'm one of the biggest Clay timer fans but I swear to God he cannot hold water to Chris B even And even if you mix it up a little like Clay ain't that far from D Wade. Steph right there. He Clay ain't there. Clay as a two guard Bar. We stay back there. So Clay is a two guard. What's the Clay's one of the top two guards of all time. Man compare I, I dunno how close he is to D Wade comparing Clay to fucking D Wade. I said he ain't that far off nigga He's miles's off. Man that's crazy.


Mouths off Dway. I'm nothing. That nigga average 36 in the finals third year in the league. What? Yeah Dway finals one is crazy. What are We talking about? Jeff Play got four rings wilding bro. See that's why niggas be thinking y'all be playing with they came playing before, Before Clay. Before Clay tore the ACL down Achilles bro. Clay was a motherfucker, niggas was shooting 37 and a quarter and shit. I am nigga one of the biggest Clay Fame, one of the biggest clay times Niggas forget. For real, for real. No I never forgot I should speak high. All my niggas know I speak high on Clay nigga being compared to D Wade Nigga that is very disrespectful.


He is the damn near the third best two guard of ever bro. Yeah. Clay top, top ten two bars. Ball time. Clay ain't too far behind bro. When you just looking at Clay now with Dallas, he got hurt. No, No I I'm giving you a pass bro. Head back Clay get a pass nigga. I ain't trying to do that but I played them and it was fear like what that motherfucker see two go in it. The game probably over and that was before KD got there. Yo We we not trolling this one, one playing. Ah. That is the craziest shit I ever heard in my life. So which victory three y'all like better between Golden State Miami. You wrote with Miami? Yeah. Okay. Mm Gs player for player Golden State. Mm it was, it was easy.


That shit was blowouts. Nigga look at some other championship trios they playing in our face with that Lakers. Well is that Derrick Fisher, Kobe and Shaq. It's that stop fucking playing. Yeah. Our niggas really I Man y'all sleeping on Clay bro. I'm gonna say that situation. What? I'm just talking about the, the comparison to Quick do The stat Real quick. Chris Bsch and and D Wade. That's crazy. The the stats ain't super far Off. I know they ain't Clay average 19 D Wade average 22 rebounds play four D Wade five Assist D Wade play longer than what he post two. Clay still playing. He he is a shell of himself.


Ah bro, that literally Major injuries Dway at his prom and Clay at his prom. What are we doing? That shit is crazy. I seen Clay at his prom. That shit was amazing bro. Nigga score. I was fan and didn't dribble the ball bro. The only, No I'm Like what? The only set that Clay is better on numbers wise is three point percentage and free throw percentage. Well that's a good, Clay's one of the best shooters of ball time. Yeah, That's a good Man. That's the only Yeah, But I never said that he was better than way. I said he not too far off anyway. The numbers ain't too far so Could we at least say Clay's top 10 shooting guard of ball time? Yeah, for sure. You rolling with that? I, I'm a fan of Clay for sure. I'm I'm giving my boy top 10 And he was a defender too so it ain't like he was.


Yeah like even D Wade one of the best two guard defenders too. Guard was shot blocking but Clay used to Clay's one of the Yeah Was a two Way him. They was him and Paul George and Kawhi for sure. Yeah. Best way players in the league. No, I'll give you bro, I'm a fan but that nigga d Wade is something special bro. I ain't saying he ain't but That nigga came into the league at 40 Going crazy. I'm just saying that boy Clay. Yeah well he, he, he started going bro I can't wait till we hear about this in the chapter was 73 and nine for a reason. Oh My god. Well we know why the rancher was There. Nah he wasn't there then When they won 73 and nine. No That's the year they lost. That's when they got Back home.


Oh that's when they lost. Yep that's when they lost. That's when he came after you. Right. Fucking Nuts bro. You're Right. That's my fault. Damn that that is, that's probably some of the most disrespectful shit you done said How did I dis, how did I disrespect him? I said he not that too far off. Oh I didn't say he was better than, I dunno maybe our distances is different with shit. Huh? Maybe our distances are different with shit. How Far do you think he off From here to Chicago? Fuck no from nap from Illinois, from Indianapolis to Chicago. The far hours that you don't know that's about three hours. You Just heard that? You just heard the numbers. He ain't that far off bro. Clay don't get hurt bro. He probably catches he way because Clay was on his way like he was going up.


He wasn't going down like You my guy bro. But He was bro that he tear yo this Nigga ACL The same nigga a bunch of 40-year-old men to the championship bro and won bro. I'm not disrespecting his ness. 36 in the finals bro. I I'm sleep bro. He Did that. That's what's up. That don't mean I ain't discrediting what he did. That's tight. But Clay was on his way bro and we can't talk about championships. He got them. Yeah but I don't know if Clay, if Clay was by himself, if he had the same D Wade impact He probably wouldn't have. I don't disagree 'cause people bring that up with the Reggie Miller and Clay conversation too. Yeah. So I understand that it's difference when you lead a franchise. I agree but y'all gotta think them niggas was ass until Clay became Clay.


Yeah, Steph was doing his thing but they was weak when Clay started killing also Gold State was that shit All For sure. End of conversation being real. They made Draymond Green A hall of famer, They made Draymond good Because if Draymond wasn't on team with Steph, it was just him and Steph Draymond wouldn't be that good. If it was him, Steph and Monte Draymond would've struggled. 'cause everything that Draymond do is getting shooters open. He can play point guard, he can set screens, pin downs, all that stuff. Dribble, handoffs. They, you gotta close out so hard on Steph and Clay that he used to just get drop off layups. 'cause nigga you was send two to 'em, you see them open, two niggas running at them, they drop it to Draymond.


Draymond hit a layup. If you left that meant Steph Curry was in the corner. Somebody was wide open or bogey was at the rim. He threw a live and then Draymond was a triple double machine then. I'm not arguing with that. Them two, that's a hundred percent fact. And then it got crazy with the rack there. 'cause now you can't leave nobody now it's your cheap. Yeah it is now it's fucking, it's fucking cheap. But when Clay Thompson arrived, golden State became different. That's just real. My Lord. Shout out to Clay. We gonna have some good conversation in the chat about that for sure. Speaking to kd, how y'all feel about KD to the Rock? Because actually before we get to that, I think it's time to pull up a little bit, man. Oh Yeah I, I need a motherfucker drink. But look, don't try chop this up because I never say he was better than D.


No Barbie. Did I ever say that? You didn't say that? No, I said he just not that far off. Hey Barbie, I wasn't trying, I just didn't feel like standing up. I ain't throw that drink at you baby. Damn. What's happening Barbara? We got today Classic. I said to make Olded signature so Okay. Hardwood, Hardwood mic. Okay, what you been on Barbie? You chilling? You good? Chilling. Damn. Is this what? This little orange peel? Do You know who D White is? Yeah. You know who Clay Thompson is? Yes sir. Who better


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This is today with Summer and no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it and when there's joy we celebrate it Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC


Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, that's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At least he grabs a first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all One trip he shimmies the door open steps over the dog. Oh, and he stumbles. Oh right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eat his protein packed ocos with 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos Stronger makes everything better


because The 2025 NBA plows get more exciting. Actually yes, because this year thanks to Dash pass members only deal. When they swoosh you score. Specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any player scores 50 or more points in the playoff game, dash pass members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash. Put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more. Use a promo called Wingstop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score sign for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one. Valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game. Must have an active dash pass account terms apply.


Waiting for the best deals. Spring Black Friday savings are here. Shop early Access now@blind.com and save big on new custom window treatments@blinds.com. Shopping online for custom window treatments doesn't mean sacrificing on service selection or style as the number one online retailer of custom window treatments. blinds.com has hundreds of options to fit any decor and budget. Choose from stylish roller or bamboo shades, blackout options and more. We even have motorized shades for your patio, DIY, or let our experts handle the heavy lifting blinds.com has you covered with free virtual consultations. We'll even send a pro to do the measure and install. Try before you buy with free samples delivered to your door. With over 25 million windows covered every order's backed with blinds dot com's, 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com Spring black Friday early access now for up to 40% off with minimum purchase plus a free measure. Save up to 40 percent@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


All of that I'm just fucking with Put out this be your last day Russian Ul and I gonna say Reha Roulette. Alright. Am I Right that pops away after dark? Nah, it ain't, it ain't no wrong right or wrong answer. I was just messing with you. Oh man. Earlier in the show we was talking about Easter and losing recipes. Are you whooping up for the holiday? I really first do you celebrate first and foremost hopeful I'm not offensive. But if you do, are you whipping up? Yeah. I totally forgot that Easter was See, see grandmas. How though? I though I kind of fast.


I'm gonna WrestleMania. I Like when did tradition start leaving your mind? I mean I just didn't think of Easter And I feel bad I got a whole son. I'm like he don't need no candy. No, no nothing. So I'm not even gonna The bathroom. Yeah, I mean he can go to the hood and and hunt. I'm talking about you in the kitchen. Me In the kitchen because it's Sunday. I'm gonna cook Sunday. Yeah, just What's your go-to meal Barbie? My go-to meal? Yeah. Since you don't like niggas with headboards. I Do quit saying that. I got people writing like I got a headboard. I look like niggas with headboards. I'm not gonna leave if he doesn't have, if his house is nice and he doesn't have a headboard, Ashley Furniture's backed up.


You know Respect. Cut him a chance. Well if you see he ain't got one you gonna pull up and and tap in and get one to the crib for. If that's my man, why would I get a headboard for somebody I don't mess with to put somebody else head through? Damn damn, damn. I only seen that at them one Instagram girl. Oh. That's about whatever we Saying. You not gonna me a headboard because you thinking about me thrashing another bitch is crazy. Yeah, It'd be like that. Celebrate me while we here, enjoy our time. Like tell her go on, Break it in. No, That's far. Go on. Me and her gonna go when you put y the group chat say your your five Somebody.


Oh Your 500 is due. There She go y'all. That's the real Barbie. Nah man. Tell us about your meal though. What you cooking man? What's the GoTo? What's the GoTo? I what's my GoTo Meal? Yeah. What's your off the dribble? You know it's going, it's gonna slap you. You making ham still? No, I, I haven made a ham before but I don't really, but I dunno. I like a lot of different stuff. It's only me and my son. What about pineapple, Turkey, Pineapple Turkey, pineapple, Turkey. Oh, okay. Oh, I mean And pineapple go together Turkey. Nah, I'm trying to tell y'all nigga. Thank You. That's all I need you to say. Occasion Turkey, something like that.


Nah, see y'all ain't y'all ain't hit ain't y'all? No, don't put y'all On my mom a jerk Turkey bus. But they, they eat it. They Turkey like candy. Damn near like candy though. Y'all making that Sunday. His people are shit. I'm going wrestle WrestleMania. Yeah me About traditions y'all Ain't care about. Well we're gonna Work. We're gonna work man. So Don't do that. Me too. I'm gonna work Sunday too. Shit. So I'm not cooking or doing no Traditions. That's crazy. That's crazy. See need, I was trying to get her to tell y'all what meal she'll make for y'all on the first day. But Chicken alfredo, no chicken Alfredo. I Do make some pasta gonna be crazy. Like I said, I'm gonna put some lobster till near, You know. Oh okay. Oh and when she say you said pasta.


Yeah, if we gonna Do pasta we Gonna do it right. Raymond noodles. Ooh, I never lobster noodle. You can a Noodle bowl though. You can't but noodle noodles. A putting lobster is not a no you Can't put, you can put lobster you put in, You can Put beef smoked sausages, some, some Noodles. Y'all give you some noodle. Green onion noodle put lobsters in and I fuck you, fuck you gave me some night out package nut. Yeah. Why I gonna eating a slam? I ain't free A, that's not a slam y'all Bro. It is Top Raymond. When you put eggs and green onion and smoked sauce bro. Why y'all dressing up top Raymond bro? It's 99 cent packages bro. It it is different bro. Bro you're eating pineapple Turkey bro. Bro, it's good.


It's Okay if You try noodles. I wait till I wait till I my mama. It's okay. She gonna turn up on this nigga. I don't care. I I can't wait to see it because I'm telling y'all when y'all, I swear to God I tomorrow I'm about to go. I'm call my mama. I'm say can you get these niggas this Turkey? Yeah, Tell I pay For it can get it and can you? And I'm like we gotta it. I want y'all to try and when day I try it on my mama you gonna be like man this ham or something nigga. I swear to god because I did it. Nah, I don't never remix it. Motherfucker tried to tell me Turkey bacon, it tastes like pork bacon Never Because you been brown sugar. And I like Turkey bacon. That's a fucking lie. Yeah Lie so good. Tastes like candy for real. Damn. And her cornbread heat.


Mm. My mama cornbread is special Bro. Y'all can have it bro. Five 20 cookbook on the way for sure. Yeah. And I don't even like my momma food like that. Damn for real. My mama wouldn't no cooker like that. We ate the, it's too many of us. We ate the same shit all the time. Yeah. Spaghetti that pop Spaghetti boy. How long is it before you throw the spaghetti out? I don't eat leftovers so it's quiet. I got one day of leftovers after that. It's quiet after One day it Is quiet. I gotta get To So you cool with you cool with four days Malcolm on that fourth day you diving in. Excuse me? Yeah, mal Mal got gout too. Oh he left over. That nigga said till it's gone.


I worked too hard to eat. Left Malcolm This cold clear Boy that six day chili gonna kick your ass aint eating. I gotta really like some shit to eat this second day. I'll spend a playback for sure. Oh facts. Yeah. I'll, I'll run it back. I gotta, I gotta love it but day two it is quiet. That bitch is getting pitched. I gotta love it. I gotta be like yeah this shit was so good. Day three. Day three is down. You mean I forgot about it. Day three is and I'm gonna here still. Oh day three is the Day three from any restaurant that sit down restaurant. I'm fucking with it today. I Okay. Yeah. I can't eat leftovers from like a, a place that I purchased it from. Yeah. I'm Not messing like I can't even pack up a meal like y'all know how y'all be doing that shit. Y'all order something to go pack it up.


Oh yeah. And then get back to the room and eat it. It's damn near quiet for me. Oh no I can do that for that's damn near quiet. That's boy, that's the real meal prep. I told you when I ate my food in Dallas, I was butt naked sitting in front of that tv. Nick mother fucking ju line meet. All that Crazy. I didn't Fucking Naked. Oh wait, you say you came in there white? I'm here still here. Tell us more. I my mama. You'll not be back if you don't Grab My mic so they can really hear me this time.


Okay, peanut up please. So being overslept and Mike say he came in his room and Oh in Atlanta. In Atlanta. He had to come get me outta the room so we could leave. Nigga I didn't know about. That is crazy. Well he didn't see that though. He just said my name. That sound crazy. The door didn't even Close. Yeah. Yeah he just came Barbie. Barbie's out of pocket for that. How You know Nickname? That's a false story. That's a False story. That's a false story. My bad. Lying is more important on this platform. But I ain't gonna hold you Ain't nothing more of a piss off than somebody eat your leftover. Like I'll be chilled by a lot of stuff. But you eat my leftover. Especially something I've been waiting for. Like I I'll couldn't come home to the shit. I'm Tight. Any of y'all leave y'all leftovers with me. Y'all know it's good. It's gone.


Y'all might as go DoorDash. Yeah I'm on that Straight up. I actually just grabbed the bag. Never seen my food. Had a utensils in there. Hey the funny thing he hey you got my leftover. It's quiet. It was like niggas was hungry as hell. We was fucking that kitchen and cocktails. Oh I murdered that shit. Hey bust shout to Kevin. We love you nasty. We have to go back to, we need to get booked. We you want Kitchen and Cocktails in Charlotte, Atlanta, Dallas got Chicago. Pull up on my boy. Man I ain't gonna lie. I murdered that shit in Dallas. I remember I went back and y'all had already ate.


I was in there eating by myself. He was like everything on us. I was smashing shit by myself and was there mad. He's like, y'all niggas not eating because nigga he was bringing a bunch shit. He was bringing a bunch of shit out. Y'all think its what he, this shit. I'm like we Literally had everything on the menu. Is that the, is that, is that the best restaurant we went to? Yeah, kitchen. The cocktails? Yeah. No what it's up there. It's it's, it's there damn near. I'm like Voodoo. Yeah. Which One they closed Though? Yeah, San San Francisco. San Francisco. San Francisco. Hell nah that platter. Nah, hell nah. I ain't gonna lie. Y'all the first night we went with the platter that shit was crazy. The second time we still popping that night was crazy. That kitchen and cocktails. But no, I love kitchen Cocktails. Nah. Yeah hell I was big up choke hold nigga.


I said y'all won't go back Big ups. Nah I ain't gonna lie. You never on us something that Saturday when we spun a block. I mean that Sunday that was crazy. That shit was crazy. My lolo's was busting too. Lolo's was heating but I ain't gonna lie, I murder. I murder that do by restaurants. Fact we go to Vegas. I'm got That in this Vegas. Right. Yeah That's where And we gotta have wrestle. We pulling up, we gotta go to Lolo's. Matter of fact, if you work at Lolo's, nigga sneak us in again. Whoa man we need a reservation. We cut that line. We gotta pick a day. Well can you make reservations there? No. Damn. Yeah they, they treat that shit. You know where you fit. Remember y'all had left and went somewhere else and they was like y'all got 20 minutes for him to get here. Had to pay that a hundred to wait. Like he was like shit, saw that motherfucker right here man they they be good when they get in.


I was like right on gang. That's some bullshit. That shit did not reflect in my bill. Yeah, valet at Lolo's is crazy nigga there's no parking garage here. That's Crazy. Drinker all boy. All One more time. What is again Bar Hardwood Classic in excuse me, old fashion. Alright, Turn up Appreci Big course. Oh man. Man fucked up my light. No I'm just playing The wall. The wall. Gray wall. Pour the Wall. Gray wall. There you go. Gray Wall. Wall. You put it on my back Paul Like that. Yep. Keep going. Keep going. Yep. All the way.


There you Go. Right there. There we go. Thank you so much. Alright now Barbara speaking of the KD sweepstakes, how I feel about him Houston is reported be mutual interest between both parties. Did y'all need to see how this playoff go first before they make that move or You know what I'm saying? We'll go out the station see what's up. They have a first round exit to go get kd. Okay. If they make a run let KD stay at home. Figure something else out. Man it's funny 'cause they also as well the Phoenix son said man we really fucked up by not like shopping him earlier And like it is like now you go get Katie for a discount for what you should get Kevin Durant for. I feel like a lot of teams should be more interested in acting like they should.


I don't know man. Katie just scared me. I don't know what he ah he's not a cancer to a franchise. You just don't want to give up too much of the future to risk a couple years. They Don't got to no more. Yeah everybody know that it didn't work so ain't anybody gonna give you nothing for KD and yesterday gonna run it back with that same team. They can't afford to do it. They gotta get rid of him. Yeah that reports of, we talked about Brad be getting bought out, things of that nature. They're like yeah he ain't gonna be the team next year they gonna look different but like you said that price definitely has to go down. It ain't that. He ain't worth it. He worth all the above. But like you said they ain't trying to get his son shit. Nah they need draft capital back. Yeah they gotta run. They gotta run it. They can't run that back so they gotta like yeah give him up.


That's crazy. Somebody about to get him for it still. Hopefully it's KC though. Yeah, I was gonna say I would like for it to be okc. I don't care. Even if they go to the conference final, I don't care if they go to the chip do it man. If you can give us some draft capital, a couple of young players and don't check up your core, fuck it, why not? Nah for sure, for sure. Yeah. I can't see KD going there though. Nah but at that point it's like damn where can you see him going Houston? I like, I like I would love him to go to San Antonio. Houston just got too many people that's, they don't really got a superstar but like Jalen Green and they just too young. I seen, I feel like the Spurs they're young but their players a little more like mature I feel like.


Yeah. Like You know what I mean? Like you got Dion Fox, he a young point guard but he been around the league for six, seven years. Yeah. You know he one of the guys then you still got CP if he come around but then you got kd, Wendy is like a little more season like he's a young dude but he remind you of somebody way older. Like he carry himself, he more mature Houston like a young turn team. Young Yns aint they what bro said? Yeah Morris is crazy for that but that's true. I feel like San Antonio is a little bit more seasoned. Yeah and if inserting KD to that they'd be who KD and would be is crazy bro. Yeah, they'd be fired.


You got need Fox? Yeah Come on. And you should still probably have Castle in the situation because they gonna have to give a picks which would be their pick now probably some futures they'll probably have to give up VA sale and somebody else too. But I don't know if they're gonna move off from Castle. Nah, hell nah. They ain't gonna get him. Nah that's that's a nasty vibe Phoenix in a row right now. They like in a begging road right now they they gotta get rid of kd. Yeah and they would have to and they could get that. That Spurs lottery pick which will probably be top six seven right now. It helps start the rebuild. I wonder how Deep Book feel. Shit he don't care. You see he's possibly rumored to get an offer a two year 1 42. Oh I'm great. Oh two year 1 42. Yeah. Oh nigga it is sweet. Yeah nigga 1 42 nigga 70 a year.


What? Damn what? Yeah. Oh I'm sorry. Yeah I'm, I love Phoenix. Me and my old schools is living. Yeah we got more Chevy Blazer packs on the way. Two he hear one Goy nigga I would've signed a 10 year 1 42. Nah, straight up. What Nigga ain't been hype as fuck. Yeah. Oh I can't tell tell y'all everything 1 42 Bitch. Nah, straight up. I get that shit in two years nigga. I cry, You know what he could do after that first year. I ain't liking this shit. It ain't working out. The deal's already signed. Yeah That's tough. I did know that. That's where I knew never leave Phoenix. I was bro. No Right. I'd be the all time leading scorer bro that shit.


But I just break. I just make the record so crazy and let them build around me bro. You seen the proof of other people? Yeah. You been to the finals, You know you could build a team out there but Bradley Bill just did It. Yeah, that's a great example though. You look at Brad and be like yeah fuck that. I ain't about to do what you just did. Yeah, that's what I look at it like. Or even like kd even though KD go everywhere and kill but he just a journey. Like he a journey man. Really? He been, which Is crazy. Yeah, he the one he probably the greatest scorer of all time. Really? Yeah and he's a little like you said bro, he's a legit journeyman. Yeah like he been on the hell of team facts because you look head he and say what's home. I mean we gonna probably say okay see but outside of you gonna say what's home for him, you won't even say home is where he got the Type.


The kid younger than us is gonna call him a journeyman. Yeah because they hell don't know nothing about that. KD in 2010 and all them runs. Him and Russ went on with Jimmy Hard and shit. Damn. I ain't never heard nobody call him that bro. But that is true shit Bro. He's an nomad. A Player of that caliber being a journeyman. It is crazy. Yeah, I mean I was a journeyman but like for you to be Kevin Durant, that's a little weird. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. Kevin Durant, you talk about him with Kobe Bryant. Yeah, he's a great for sure Brian Melo even on Melo played on a couple teams but we consider mellow years nuggets in the mix. We don't really. Yeah, we ain't talking about Portland. You can't see at all Kds on his way till he's 15.


It's crazy. Fuck. I swear I never thought about that. And I look at KD greater than Mellow. So yeah, I put KD in another. It is like KD in that realm. It's like LeBron and Jordan, they own shit and Then it's Him and then it's K KD Steph K. Yeah, Kobe all them bananas. Hundred Percent. Yeah. Hundred percent. Boy of Grace. For sure. We'll be interesting man. Can't wait. NBN player's gonna be crazy also. We will be at WrestleMania tap in. Can't wait to see y'all man. We're gonna have a good time. Yeah, yeah, we got some interesting news. We will now assume we'll make sure y'all can pull up and support. We're gonna have a couple live shows. Yeah, a couple of events y'all could definitely slide down on the game with. But before we get outta here, be here and tell the people that grab some merch at Man Shop Club five twenty.com.


Man. Come on. New Heat on the way, tap in. We appreciate y'all. We'll be back. Same time next time. Club five 20. The Volume in the zone. AutoZone.


Annie's first oil change wasn't as hard as she thought because she went to AutoZone where a friendly auto owner helped her find the right oil and save on an oil filter. He explained the job and showed her free how-tos on AutoZone dot com when she was done. AutoZone recycled her old oil for free. No hassles just help Everything you need. Nothing you don't get in the zone. AutoZone restrictions apply


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for Business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business Chase for Business. Make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


Hey Janice Torres here. And I'm Austin Hankin. We're the hosts of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit QuickBooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit, QuickBooks, Listen to Mind The Business, Small Business Success Stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You know, some people say that ooo, business management software is like fertilizer, the way it promotes growth and all. But other people say Ooo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and it's also magically affordable. And there's some people who would even say oos individual software programs come together to build the perfect suite like building blocks. Well, oo is all of these things. Fertilizer magic Beanstalk building blocks for business. So sign up now@ooo.com, ODO o.com.