
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here.


Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. No one can stop you For more. check out Bose dot com


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit SNH u.edu today to get started.


Hi, it's the herd. I'm partnering with PayPal Turn Black Friday into Stack Friday in the PayPal app. Find tons of cashback offers to stack on top of Black Friday deals from your favorite brands. All you gotta do is check out with PayPal online. Now that's a stack. Don't just pay PayPal. Check offers in the app. For details. Cash back earned as points redeemable for cash and other options, terms and exclusions apply


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Juan's, ah, as he drifts away to Nirvana after only the first chapter is different to Maya's when she discovered the narrator was in fact the evil twin, which is also different to Noah's. Aw, anytime the cute cyberpunk is mentioned. Even though in reality he'd be totally out of his league from two to Amazon books, that reading feeling awaits.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere. And boom, you realize you're missing apart. It's okay because you know whatever it is, it's on eBay. They've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love.


The Volume. Alright, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the hosts, my name is DJ Wells. Special guest in the buildup. Return to guest if you know, you know, you know what I'm saying? Back in our OG five 20 days, we're gonna introduce my man's last to my far left, my dog Bishop. Be here out the pli. How you what? Nasty. Cool and nasty. Let's get tour baby. Hey Teig. It's crazy. You know what I'm saying? We started this podcast. My boy was in the black forces white laces. You know what I'm saying? I he just taking Fs every week and he got showed up today in all whites. Man, he don't care man. He don't care no more. Check cash man. He don't care no more. Fuck that check man. Introduced that nigga. So we go, DoorDash, DoorDash check came in. That's how he acting. That's crazy.


Finally, that's a quick return. It wasn't that quick. Talking about riding my dog. Young nacho, young Teague. How you would man, I'm chilling bro. You know what I mean? We got a homie in the bill. One of my closest teammates. One of my favorite teammates. But I gotta say something before we start. Oh buddy. Had y'all messed up in L Lexington? Oh yeah, I seen little homie. It was on Dr. Mitchell's coach. Yeah, high school coach. Whoever he is don't ever disrespect saying I don't think he watching a lot of basketball. Then Japer Johnson, that's the young kid. He's top, top 10 in the country. Yeah. And he tried to disrespect Lexington like that. Yeah. And saying who Shevin Mack we going. You gonna find out what you talking about. But he was bad though though.


For real. I ain't gonna hold y'all. He was. That's crazy. They was bad though. I'm sure I don Dunno who flexing harder today? He ain't with the Off Whites or you with the, with the T Scouts. He's like paper though. I hooping man. Who we got? Nigga die. He hooping. Not next week. Week. Oh my mama. Not next week. Three next week Cincinnati. Alright man. But to my left, like I said, return fan of the show, one of the coldest college basketball players of all time. My man from the Lex going crazy. Shevin Mack Big do appreciate you sliding on us again, homie. Yes sir. Man, appreciate you having me. I love y'all podcast. What y'all doing?


Listen to all the stories. You know all of 'em. True. A lot of people think they na, they're not true. Most of 'em are true. And I lived it, been around and seen it all. You see you, you've been a part of 'em. Story. You know what I'm saying? I ain't made it. That's why we got this episode. The crazy part is, man, the, the six degrees of separation with you in this episode. And the whole gang is funny. Like y'all gotta talk here about how you first met Shell man. Oh. Because it it, it is a reason why because that's how he met Teague and vice versa. Well yeah, this one right here, I met him. He had on a black shirt some football jeans. I was from Lexington. You sound about right. Fat Albert. Fat Albert Jeans mind y'all, this is 2008.


Oh no, this is 2008. You know my dude Barry, shout to my dog. Barry was cutting bro here and then you know, she just wanted to link up with the black people. So I didn't know he was going to the NBAI had him in the trenches getting his hair cut. Yeah. He was at the Dice games at the trap. I got, I got put in office plenty of times. Everyone thinking, thinking something different of him, of Behan on Butler's campus all the time. Yeah. Shout out to Brad Steven man I love you. They thought I was, I had a 20 sixes on the 300. So you look like ice cube bro on damn. No, my shit was way better than cubes.


No janky. But yeah, I had, you know, I took care of my dog wives here. I wouldn't have had him in them type of situations if I knew he was going to the league. Like well he was always good with me and he a tremors legend. Yeah, he, he had me in tremors. What's ke Sean? What's the dude cool. We went to go see it was you was over getting to it. Nah, I took you to Waka. Flocka. Yeah. Yeah we went to went Flocka. Yep. Ah, you did not want my boy to go to the draft. Yeah, he was trying to get you, he put you in the day. Michelle was in the trench in Indianapolis. But Butler is right in my, in my ghetto. So you know it was right there. Eighth Street. Yeah. Man that was so funny about it. 'cause when we was at Butler, like it was like funny to see people come to the school and you know the pamphlets at Butler don't tell you anything south of 42nd Street.


Yeah. They just show you the Butler bubble. Which is a for real bubble out the way. If you didn't know, you wouldn't know. But when my roommate taught me he walked to that gas station on 38th Illinois with the McDonald's. Yes, true. Yeah, he was trying to get it true. He was trying to get put put to sleep. He was trying to make that his last rocket. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That was gonna be his last McChicken. I don know what he was on Ultra friendship. But it's so funny. s like you said, that bubble bubble you save over there but outside of that get spooky. So y'all linking up over there was funny and I was okay if it at the time now I remember him pulling up Butler PD knew this nigga by heart by with the cars man that was crazy as hell. They really thought you was trapping out there.


Yeah. And Butler people telling on me, he said I was giving them liquor and all kind of stuff like it was crazy. I wasn't even 21 yet for real. But I was just over there partying, you know, make sure my guy was straight. Yeah. Too. Shout out to my dog. Emerson grant. Just saw Ron, Ron coaching for Atlanta. Shout out to Ron. Shout to Coach Norad. Yeah, shout out to Gordon. Yeah. And my guys, my boy Avery Dukes too. That's my dog too. Me. Avery Dukes used to, well I can't speak too much on that but my dog. My dog like what was going on? No Madden. We used to have him going. I'm reading. Shout out to my dogster jokester man.


Before we talk about the college ages man we gotta talk about high school. You know what I'm saying? You from Lexington went crazy in high school all time meet scored high school. He the high school coach. How would you feel having to play your team that scored the most buckets in program history? He a gun. I play with you. I know he a gun. I, nah man, I playing with you. You know I only had eight minutes to get, I see Jeff walking down the sideline. I gotta put this thing up. I'm coming out the game. But no, just being very aggressive going out there trying to score. I knew something I just had to do to get to the next level. But then playing in the NBA like with Jeff other good point. Guards being a backup for the majority of the time. You gotta gotta get it in where you can.


And you know I love Jeff, you know, being the starting point guard. One of my good friends. Yeah. They tell me every time, shoot that thing. Facts. Yeah, so facts. But we gotta talk about that. We gonna go back back to the college days Of course. 'cause you one of the coldest college players of all time. But how did y'all meet me? And Shell, yeah it's 'cause of B He so be he. He used to come to Atlanta when I played for the Hawk. Shell was still in college. Yeah. And be, he will come in like my nigga shell will kill you. Oh God. Like who is Shell? He like show Mac play for Butler. He's acting like that coach. I was like, no he in college. I don that's kept talking about Coach Gray. You saw that too? Yeah. I been going viral with the past few weeks.


It was like that's what he had. Bust your ass. Yeah. But you was trying to tell me that like Butler was good and all this shit. And I'm like bro, champion. It was better than Wake Forest. Wow. A long shot just had played in the Horizon League. They lost to Cleveland. Y'all lost to a Horizon League team. Cleveland State. We didn't take that serious. That's, that was our problem. Finish political. It was Norris co. Norris co got in. Yeah. We ain't taking serious. Finish your story. Still finish. Listen, we was like, shout out to Norris. I fuck with him. But so he talking crazy. We about to, she's getting drafted. We having a pickup game. It was a lockout year pro. Wha baby. So I see Shevin Mack name on the list team about to play.


I'm Mark that. Yeah, he's getting killed today. We in Indianapolis. He don't even know. Yeah, he don he don't know nothing. But he's marked. Soon as he get on the court, I go at him full speed Dunking. I'm talking crack dead and I'm pointing at B him like every time like this. She don't know what he talking, what's going on. I'm not talking to him. I'm not trying to be his friend. Shit. I don think he in the charity game. Yeah, I'm I'm I'm not. Yeah I'm not a ProAm player that you, that's you all day right there. But some context for the story, getting busy with it. This ProAm was like one of the bigger match up was Indianapolis. Was what? The Goodman, the DC prom. So you had John Wall, the Marcus Cousins, they all came in town.


It was an all Indiana scene put together. So it was a really big deal. Yeah. If you ever see the highlights, it's crazy as fuck. I'm sure they clip it up. But for being to line you up like that in that series of a game is crazy. It is very, it is a lockout. I ain't never played in the NBA. I don't know what's going on. I hop on the court, I shook my ticket shot like I boo. No, everybody was hating on Butler at that time. But yeah, you, you you cooked me that time. I was just, it wasn't even you bro. I was playing B him. I got you back though. Before when? Because when you got the league I chased you down. You got that block. You got that. I was like bro these two, it led on ain't never stopped until you got on the tee until when I got Trade to Utah.


I gave y'all that work. Ooh, ooh. And Utah. Okay, are you sure we talking about what? You stumbled pull up the, we can pull up the clips. You talking about you stumbled Louis three. I don't remember that. You gotta pull that I don. We got somebody that can pull y'all pull it. Upe. Did I see me? It hit the third corner. It's crazy. I don't remember that. Oh, I don. Okay. We what? You had that game. She, I know. I guess when I first got traded from Atlanta, I was just going hard. Same thing. Say I'm, I'm not sure what I had but I, I know I played well when I guess my former team. Oh no. Probably did. I just remember when you were starting.


I knew they was gonna be a drop when you was starting and I came back maybe be the next year because after I killed you I went to your house and beat you on Mad. Damn. Damn this boy. Get on the mic. Start talking crazy. Damn. That is crazy. You gotta watch bro. You gotta watch be here bro. The first time we played y'all you did hoop though. I remember I was hyped. I was like damn she hooping. Yeah. That's crazy. But the second time we played him in Utah because Bud was mad. He was like, you gonna him, you know how he was like you're gonna go hire him? You know how he's Yeah. Yeah. Are you gonna play for real tonight because your friends on the team.


Oh here we go buddy. He did that to my little brother too. All that to say I'm the reason why they friends today. He the reason me and Shell started. Yeah. Hanging out man. I brought De y welcome man. Had a lot of great time. Lot of Sprite. Dirty. Dirty Sprite. Not, no not no was Sprite. It was just, it was just tequila and Sprite. We used to talk over the game and stuff for sure man. But team, team Dennis was lit. Lit. Team dinners was lit for sure. Yeah. They over a team. Yeah. But before we get to the NBA draft pro, we gotta talk about what you did in college, bro. Like I said, one of the most underrated college players of all time I was on campus when y'all went to two back to back national championship games and you was a very big part of that bro.


That's one of the best runs in college basketball history for sure. Which one was crazy or the first one or the second one? to me, I would say the second one. No, the first one we was actually like really, really good. You know with Gordon on the team. I think we won like 20 games in a row. The second one snuck in like an ac just thugged it out. You know how to win close games. Shout to man Howard. And we won every game. That second one by like last second play. Remember the foul I had against Pittsburgh, half court. It was like one of the worst fouls in in NCA history. Facts. Facts. I tell you that. Boy, if it was Draft Kings back then, boy you were selling, he was be cut off after that.


That was rough foul. Hell. So we won that game. Yeah. 'cause Mac, Maha got fouled then also BCU not VCU. Oh Dominion. You played against Bayes. We beat them on the last second shot shot to Kent. Yep. We just kept winning at the, at the end just squeaking by and then we got to the, the championship. It was kind of kind of ugly as you know. That was tired bro. Yeah. Yeah. That was to me. Y'all went up against a really good team though. It was a bad game though. I went to that game. Yeah, it was, it was horrible. It was game. It was a long scoring ugly game. But, and to be fair, like y'all ran into one of the best runs in basketball here, history, Kimba Walker's run through the Big East.


Yeah. To the national to That was one of the best runs you will ever see in basketball. Yes. Which was six games in six days in the Big East and then the willingness team in the tournament. It was, it was, it was special. Nah, it was definitely special. What was the old boy named? White Skin? Sha Shabazz? Nah, nah nah. The other one. Jeremy Lamb. Jeremy Lamb. Jeremy Lamb Raw. Yeah, he was, he was special for sure. That's the reason why y'all lost. He was cold. She run that butler though was really unbelievable though. It was, hey bring that little school from Indianapolis that had them nation that was not fun. But the, the the most fun was like playing her at, at Lucas Oil for the championship man. And that, that was crazy that I was there.


That dude game was one of the craziest games ever. I sat next to all Duke fans and they didn't say a fucking word until that shot missed off the bank, off the rim bro. Yeah, that was a really good game. And I still hate Kyle Singer to this day 'cause of that game. Kyle Singer has never played. I mean Kyle Singer was cold. Don't get it fucked up. Obviously made it to the league. But that was the best game I've ever seen him play in his life. He hit every elbow jump shot that game bro. Yeah, they had a great game plan. I don't know if you like you ain't game planning like yet but they the only team that forced Gordon to go. Right. And he took the, he had to go right for that last shot and missed it. You know they just did a good job but it was a a hell of a run, hell of a game. One thing I do remember, coach Stevens had us gonna to class on championship Monday at 10:00 AM Wow.


He outta pocket out of pocket coach. Coach out talk to him man. Out pocket outta That's why y'all lost you go to class. Wake fours would never, we didn't go to class on Monday. We just had Monday. Monday, Monday. You ain't going for show. Huh? What that went to class? That, that's crazy. We went to class. Everyone did. We had a shuttle going back and forth and y'all was downtown at the hotel. Y'all wasn't even on campus. I remember that. That's crazy. That's crazy. Y'all would definitely not went to class. What? I'm sure Brad learned from that. Yeah, he learned from that. Did y'all, did y'all do anything the next year we, we was in on what's name?


It was in Houston. I mean did y'all have like study hall and stuff? Nah. At Butler? Nah, I learned no but so I always hope Y ain't taking study hall. We never had Study hall. No, we recruited the right people. You don't have to do all that stuff. Take care of your business. Oh y'all didn't have Study Hall Butler? Nah. Oh yeah. You didn't go to school for real? Nah, we did our work man. Nah, he's saying they didn't have to have study hall. Why you have study hall? Because I had 3.2 in college. I still have Study hall. You had to get enough hours. That's crazy to have like eight hours a week like mandatory. You don't care if you have straight A's or not. I ain't know that You finish your degree. Boy. Now I went to the nba.


Niggas say now you in my business my sophomore year. I know, I I just finished mine though. That's why I was asking. Nah, dope, dope. It took me 10 years to do it, but I got it done. See but let try go back for free. NBPA. Oh y'all should have did that route too because Butler charge yo. Huh? Yeah. That's who, right. That's crazy. What? That's what Wake Forest is. Do Butler owe you Ations private schools, bro. Hey, I, I waiting owe him nothing but Butler. Butler owe you a lot of chicken. They owe you reparations because I was in class for real. I was a student there and I remember tuition going up 10 grand each year that we went to a national championship. Yeah, that's that's about right. Yeah. I should have did the NB.


I can still do that route. But where this podcast set up at School I don't really know man. Add up. Really? I don know. Yeah, they bo out of pocket bro. Y'all brought a lot to that program bro. Y'all Nah, for real though. Got honorary degrees. But Grant the new ad Grand Land Line Decker came in and helped me out stuff. That's my dog. There we go.


The embers NBA cup is here and you can win big. Getting in on the action at Draftking Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance in a single elimination end season. Turning culminating the NBA Cup championship in Vegas. Score big with the Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. New customers download the Draft King Sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's right. Club five 20 CLUB five two oh and bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets. All the Ondraf Kings the crown is yours.


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What makes Guardian Bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian Bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory. Ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes. No code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear Buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. No one can stop you For more. Check out bs.com.


Black Friday has officially started@blinds.com and the savings are huge. Right now you can save Up to 50% Sitewide and score premium door busters. And a free professional measure. Don't wait. These deals are happening right now. Swapping out old blinds for custom window coverings is a small project with big results and blinds.com makes it easy and affordable. With blinds.com there are no long lines or confusing quotes. You shop online without sacrificing quality, style or service. One of our design experts can help you make the perfect selection on your schedule. We can even handle everything from measure to install. Plus you get window treatments for your whole home installed for just one low cost With over 25 million windows covered blinds.com is the number one online retailer of custom window coverings blinds dot com's Black Friday Sales Event is happening now. With our best deals of the season. Save Up to 50% Sitewide and score premium doorbusters and a free professional measure@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I'm the Cowboys. I mean they're already a circus. They need to fix their, the sun coming in their window before they start worrying about the, I like how ge Jerry was like, what do you want me to do about Sun Sun's just up there. Ain't ain't like I can do nothing about it. It's just up there. He's just your son. What are you supposed to do? He said there's a moon too and sun's up there. You think they ain't gonna be sun. And then they're like, well why don't you, you know, put up a curtain. What? Well it's still the sun. It's like well your all pro receiver has his hands in the air with the ball coming at him 'cause he can't see disgust, disgust. Just admit you didn't do a great job designing that. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast,


You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks. when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required. Tap in the right way.


That is crazy though. They make you go pay to go back to school. When I first summer they told me to pay away for it. It was 17,000. I said Yeah I just not going back to school. I tried To transfer to I Catch man, I swear to God I tried to transfer to IP up. They probably treated him like Everest College bro. They was like, some of my credits wouldn't transferred here. They was like, you gonna be a freshman? I'm like, damn was I taking, what classes was I taking? That's crazy. But obviously man, yo college crew was insane. Yeah. Declare for the draft. How was that process? I know you probably had to do a lot of workouts.


How was that? Yeah, mine was completely different than, than Jeff. Jeff going on lottery. I didn't go lottery. I had a, I had a workout down there. It was better than me. I, I had a, I had a workout for like 20 teams and my, my class was like loaded. I would say Hella Drive. Who was your class? Kyrie Clay Kawai. Jimmy Butler. Norris. Yeah. Pocket Kimba. Kimba Cardiac. Yeah it was, you had enough the Morris twins. It was, it was, it was stacked. That was legit drive. You had a lot of selling vehicle players. Isaiah Thomas. He, he was the last. So like we all just had a bell out throughout the No, the combine, especially coming from Butler know we went to national championship but we didn't play a lot of possessions and played a certain style so people couldn't really see how it was and, and no, everybody was thought it was fat too.


Better go in and and show my body. Y'all. Oh that's crazy. Pause that. That sound like a slave. That's a Diddy workout. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Trade bro. Come on bro. Nah, it it just, you know, you know we had the baggie, the baggy clothes and all push up. I mean wasn't Nike Elite for how Wake Forest was? That stuff was a little baggy. So y'all was better Nike school than us for sure. Nah, I mean we was a test Nike school so I apologize. Y'all remember I got the them butler jerseys, the ring my neck beat down here like this. Yeah, it was nasty. That's crazy. Y'all didn't Mike Greenwood jersey, that's his name, right? Yeah. Yeah. Y'all had the same jersey from I remember.


Yeah, I remember. Yeah. So, but you get drafted by DC and you was at DC at a, at a really good time. I mean know I'm saying you had to matter what good time for dc It may not be. It was a good time for DC to rebuild mode. Getting to it. Yeah it was a, it was born in a rebuild mode my first year of lockout year started off Oh and 18. Yeah. Rough. So I don, I don't know what to say. It wasn't a good time. You should tell people how the lockout worked though. Like as a young guy that was getting drafted, you, you got no money and you get drafted to the NBA and now you gotta figure it out for what, three, four months leave was up like four or five months.


I was still here in Indy working out trying to get my degree then got thrown at Ha Bachi with him. ProAm in the league. But it's real tough. You gotta stay ready, never know what's gonna happen and you know it's gotta be up and ready to move in a second. But when I got there, team was kind of, wasn't the best team ever put together. I could say that for sure. And I just kind of had to figure out on Fly. Had some great vests that kept me together. 'cause the team I'm telling the team was like wow. Started off oh and 18 and then we was playing Philly 'cause lockout was very close. We was playing Philly like every other week three times when they had Lou El and Drew Dre.


It was just wasn't a good matchup for us. Yeah. Damn. You had some good nights in DC though. Definitely had some good nights. You know, as a rookie going in. I'm pretty sure y'all done heard some stories especially about that team. Yeah, I'll leave it at that. Who was your vets on that team? On that team? So I had Roger Mason and also Rashad Lewis. Okay. Shout the coach Low and Mo Mo Evans. You play with Mo? I play with Mo, yeah. Yeah. So they, you know, took me underneath they wing and let me, and let me understand, this ain't how the NBA works continue to work, be a good pro crazy thing. All of 'em second round picks too. Like Rashad and I'm gonna say Mace was and just grind. So it was there to help me out a lot.


For sure. Now obviously did you like that team? What that Washington team? Yeah. Let's put together. Nah y y'all definitely needed a lot of work, you know what I'm saying? But it was just a crazy ass team. I just wanted you to bring it up because I remember Y had a crazy streak. Man that's a crazy way to get into the NBA. Yeah it was. It was I 18 flip songs was a coach. He got fired. We tell a YA lot of young guys try and figure it out. Now you go from the first adventure to Washington. What's the next team you went to Right after that I went to the main red claws that go back to the G League drawing board. Work it out. Killed there though. Yeah. Crazy. I was putting up putting up some good numbers. Planning on Dock River System.


That's when he was in Boston. So I was basically putting up the same numbers like Rondo Ronda was on like 2015 and 18. Yeah. Yeah. I was more of a score. So I was getting like 30, 10 and 12. I out a lot. I actually did two 10 days with Philly. Yeah. And then I ended up going to Atlanta. Nigga up with this guy. Yes sir. Is that we we him for the next three, four years I would say. Yeah. I remember the first day you came I was like okay. Like I don't fuck with him. Like you know I me in my head like oh he coming to this stadium, he still all man he about to play. He ain't about to play. Like that's what my mindset was. Then when I got to know him it was like ah man, he cool as hell.


And then I wanted to do everything I could to like help him. Like I wanted to see him kill and we had like a, a group hate you gonna throw me? Nah, nah, nah. Like we just, we just bonded over some things. So it was like cool it was me. You and a lot of other people felt the same way. We just bonded. He said we had a group hate. So I was like alright hold on. Was Shell on that little Giants run? Yeah, shell was the the what'd you call it? The little Giants run that y'all had that Tbo run in the league? That's that what you got? We won 20 games in a row. Yeah. Yeah I was on that team.


Yeah. Okay. Yeah that was fun. We had a lot of fun. Too much fun. I remember when she, I was like she about to get paid. We played in the playoffs against the Pacers and I didn't get to sub back in the game 'cause Shell and Mike was hooping. Right. I was like damn they killing. We went back home for game six and I smoked it. Damn. My bad bro. I'll let you down bro. Y'all won game five for us? Yeah, I went home and smoked it. It was the A one matchup. We supposed to win that. Yeah we were supposed to win that. I smoked that one. Hey I did job job bro. You and Mike was clowning that game. Yeah but that team was so special. Just 'cause everyone like got along off the court. Yeah. Yeah for sure. You know we had the real ones in the front playing Boo Ray.


You had the other ones in the back playing. Oh no, no for sure. What was you at Joe? I was playing Uno. Ah man I was playing Uno. I'm bro the Uno cards. The Uno card. When I was a great team just hanging out with everybody. You went to the Atlanta guy. I mean you went to Atlanta got settled for real. That's your crib and everything. I knew you was once you bought that crib. I'm like yeah he like, he love Atlanta. He ain't going nowhere. He locked in. Nah. Yeah, I'm still there to this day. Yeah. Tapped in with the city now. I get a lot of love there. Like this special place in my heart. Yeah. Yeah for sure. Mine's too for different reasons. But nah, I mean I grew up there. I went from a little kid to shit man in Atlanta. So that's all.


It got a special place for me. I met some of my long lasting friendships there. She do you think that team could have won the championship if LeBron wasn't in the east? Hell yeah. Yeah. If LeBron wasn't playing yet. Yeah. Y'all could have won the shit. Yeah, we beat everybody else. Who would y'all face in the finals Go state? Nah, they wouldn't like that yet. They wasn't like 40 2D Whistle. They wasn't like that yet. They wasn they go stay. Yeah they wasn't them yet. That's the first year they won. Y'all beat that team. Fuck no that wasn't, that wasn't, they wasn't them yet. They was still like Brian never wanted the year they beat us though, didn't they? Nah, they lost to Golden State. I remember everybody was hurt.


LeBron Kyrie hurt his knee. Yeah. All right. Yeah. So what make you think y'all was gonna win? What did he just said? Everybody was hurt wasn't they 14 they four roster. I know, but it that's LeBron and them not y'all like what? What? What? You ain't like I four let's match it up. It's have fun. You ain't like our four Allstar. Let's have fun. That's what we here for. Right. They just wasn't them. They wasn't. Yeah they wasn't them yet. Like Jeff definitely supposed to be a Allstar Al for sure. Supposed to be an Allstar PM For sure. Now who else who you slighting now? Freaky Cal two. I ain't mad at it. You went on the run, you helped him? Yeah. Jeff say you the real a VP of the team.


I didn't play in the NBA. Take your 26 Allstar jersey run with it bro. I get it but when we get to the finals four warm bro, hell nah. That's nasty bro. That's nasty work right there. Four warm bro. Nah bro. Sean, Sean, Lipton, Harrison, Barnes, Andre, I was he? Yeah he was. He was on for Yeah, Dre Draymond Green it Christmas. Yeah But shit we played them, we went one we was even, we beat 'em in Atlanta. They beat us in Gold State. Fair enough bro. Y'all beat a lot of teams in League. Yeah. Great memory. Nah, y'all won 61 games that had the big game.


Remember getting the reports. He definitely had like 35 but we beat him. Y'all had a, y'all had a good team bro. Y'all, y'all really did bro. I just don't know. We just matched up because we switched one through five. Do you think we'll get to the finals if LeBron wasn't playing? Oh I mean look, that run was magical bro. Is that Jeremy? That run magical when that was getting there for sure. The thing about LeBron, he, we just didn't have nobody to match up. LeBron under no facts. So Golden State. This was before they found all they superpowers. Yeah, like only they got there. They did it as a all yeah only step. Only step then took out to a whole nother power level.


Yeah. Steph had his superpowers. Clay was coming into this. Everybody else was still, they wasn't all the way there yet. We ain't, we matched up cool with them 'cause we could switch one through five with them. We couldn't switch with Brian. Like I, I can't switch on Brian man. It's fucking Christmas. Yeah, I just think Sean lip still would've been an X factor bro. Oh we, we smooth we had shit. Are we straight? You couldn't post that big Chuck. I love she but Sean is six seven. We shooting right over shit. We living with the mid range. He gonna knock him in too. Yeah, I gonna say we shooting threes man. We started that three point shoot. Oh man. Oh shit. Shit. The the five man shooting threes, that was us, that was al on the, on the pocket pants.


Him imp Perro when Perro him Imp Perro started that three point shooting green. Bro. Shout to that Hawkes Bros at 14. Shout to my guys man. Alright man, give us some luck. That was, that was actually a really fun time because also music was just popping Yeah. Crazy at that time. Nah, for sure. That's what I wanted to ask y'all. I mean that run was crazy but at the same time while y'all was in Atlanta, like the new wave of Atlanta artists is going crazy. You got future reaching his pinnacle. You got Migos coming out. Like y'all got to see them early on. How was that? 'cause I'm, I imagine shit we already know how Atlanta went off the court was probably way better than on corner at that time period because they were bankroll fresh. Everybody was getting they run at that time.


She wasn't really outside. I was outside. Damn. So you where was you at? I, I wasn't, I I'm, I'm on 10 days and nine guaranteed. I'm trying to figure out, he's not locked in. I'm locked in. He wasn't outside. I, I was outside. Crazy thing is, I'm real good friends with two chains. K. My dude does, his engineering job is KY So the first day Bud got the job me and change in, in the facility in the back working out. Bud come in, he don't know anything about like the hip hop scene, music go change hitter down. It's like, like I'm still on my 10 day Nah guarantee turn was like, hey man you got dude this cut all these people and like it's like my home. He think it's like my homeboy telling this.


It's like who the hell is this Y like, like you about to be outta here. He Like, who this telling me all of this. So I had a, I had a good chance. Hey bro you got, you got chill. He don't know who you are. Don't mess my stuff up. I know y'all on the college park. Skyhawk. I ain't trying to go to her right now man. Chance I'm gonna fucked up the flag. True. And I'm just, it's funny 'cause I can imagine Buzz's face like not giving the entire fuck. Oh he probably has some marker right here. Shit, he he over telling them cut people on rookie. On rookie deal on the 10 that you I wish I could see his face though.


Imagine coming in like you don't know who his dude is and Yeah you know we just walk in, we just hanging out like showing is homeboy serious Bud funny as hell. So he probably like, he probably had that the fuck, he definitely had that. Yeah. Like what the fuck, who the fuck she think he is? Get this guy the fuck outta here. But Shell had it. Shell was at birthday Bash and shit. He wasn't all the way inside. When I say inside, I mean like she, when he, when he got established in Atlanta, you know he had a family. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So he wouldn't go out with us. Like I'd be like sure you coming out. He'd be like, nah player. Nah I'd be, I'd be be going back to the arena.


Yeah he was. Every time I go back to the arena, we kind of live in the same spot, same area we driving Where You see you, I I see everybody I going where at. Ain't gonna say all that. That's a wild boy. That's some crazy after parties just go chicken bro all the way there. Chicken wings bro. Yeah because you know after like sometimes you don't play a lot like in the league, you go upstairs and work out after the game.


So I, I go up there and give a workout in. He didn't play 30 minutes. He out, he gone. I'm driving home at the light Smell the chicken wings from the street bro. Oh fuck. Hey y'all crazy. That's funny as hell man. That was my spot though. Yeah, obviously you know what I'm saying. Atlanta was very well for you establish yourself as a, as a player in this league then you get a chance to go to, you know what I'm saying, a different situation to get some more minutes. How was that going to Utah for you career wise? It was great. Obviously just having a relationship with, with Quinn he was part of the staff in, in Atlanta so he kind of knew my skillset sets and know what I was capable of doing.


Then it is also just having an opportunities to go in and just like play right away and start just being a great team in Atlanta. You always have a lot of good players know Jeff's a good player. I didn't watch had didn't shoulder at the time so it's kind of tough to get minutes consistently. There's gotta be a pro B ready but I also when appreciated align. But if allowing me to go could be selfish know just have me sitting there 'cause you just never know somebody can get hurt or any situation. But they'll allow me to to move on and you know, develop my game thus far. And, and it is not too, you don't see, it's not too common to see organizations do right by people and when they do sometimes it may, they may be handpicking with that but for them to show you love like that, to put your situation where you can actually play as fire.


Like you said YI first time was going back at each other, you know what I'm saying? Was they got the Utah at first game. Yeah. I was so happy for him man, to see him get a chance to be the starter, do his thing. He had a good game against us. But I think we probably won though. We won. I, I can't remember I don don't matter when you kill, you don't even give a fuck you wanna lose sometime I ain't gonna hold you but as real shit in a regular season he'd be like shit I killed y'all though. Yeah. So he probably had a good game. I can't remember. No. If I get eight I'm killing. Oh he got eight. Oh shit he wasn't, nah nah it was transition. I can't start on the first day getting there.


Yeah, we played y'all like right away. Right after that You did? Oh yeah, you did get trade and play right away. Yeah, you right you did. That was the crazy part. I was in practice, I couldn't get no raps the day, the day before. No Jeff don't like practice. Jeff like come get me. I'm like bro they not letting me in. Listen kids, I love practice. Listen coach, coach t practice. But, but now it's a good way Jeff lemme Jeff will lemme get out there and like play. Yeah and like work and work on my shit. I'm like shit go ahead and kill them. Yeah. Okay. Jabo come get me. I like bro I they ain't letting me out there. Damn. Damn. Yeah it a sit here on the Yeah. What's your have? Yeah, eight came off the bench.


Who was starting that day? Hey man, quit asking all 'em questions. It the foreigner light skinned buddy Dante. Oh ask him. It might been Dante 31 minutes. You play the whole game. Sure. He lemme I got the, was my what my shooting percentage. It had to be three for 16. Damn. I definitely, I definitely gave myself a chance. Get the FI had to, I had give myself a chance. Had like 10 assists. Nah, he had Rudy shoulda he was weak too. Yeah. Just changed recently.


What's crazy is while you was in Utah, you played in one of the most important games in basketball history. Man. Kobe's final game. Yeah. How was that atmosphere? Building Up to that and how was it to play in that game? Because everybody in the world wanted y'all to lose that game and y'all was still like, I know y'all was right out of playoff implications, but y'all wasn't trying to let Kobe win that game either. Yeah, it was like we had to wait till like halftime to see if we was gonna make the playoffs. We was, we was trying to win. A lot of people get it con get it confused that like we just letting Kobe do all that. Like Kobe also shot 50 times. Yeah. Not, not hard to shoot 50 shots in one basketball game. That's nuts bro. If there's anybody I know who would do it. Yeah, yeah. Who's him? Nah, but it was, the atmosphere was crazy like the president was there. Like we'd come in, you know how Jeff go down the tunnel staple center?


Everybody, everybody out there with AKs 47. Damn. No Secret service. It was, it was, it was, it was amazing. Kanye, Jay-Z, all these people sitting in like second row for this. But if you go back and watch the tape had zero of that six wet get scored on it all like go pull it up. You, you living now by that. That's his first thing. I aint, I ain't get, I ain't get any of that. He was a part of that shit. Shit. No, that's one of my favorite players. Kobe's my favorite player. Yeah. All the for sure. But I I didn't get any of that. You didn't switch on that Kobe all? No, but, but but Louis they gonna pull it up but the way there's letting Julius Randall set them screens. Outrageous. Had to get Kobe open bro.


You got Yeah but Kobe it was, it was, it was just different. Like no matter what he did, everybody, the crowd like, oh who this journey is this a, it's a world game to kind of play in. It was the last rah, what he end with 62? Yeah. On 50 shots. That's the way to go out Bull, I swear for sure. Yeah. 50 shots. Yeah. I don't see nobody else shooting at man. I didn't get, in part my last gave it be, I did touch the floor so it wasn't about you. Right. I see the 50 piece though. You said 50. The crazy part like pre-game. Lou was on the team.


Lou was like, he about to shoot 50 times. I'm like, he ain't about to shoot 50 shots. Came out there and did it. Like every time somebody wide open the swinger to him, let him go. And the crazy part, he started off super, super slow and then like start making like eight baskets in a row and there's the whole stadium just, just rooting for 'em. Yeah. Like you foul 'em every, if you foul 'em like take the side out everybody boom boo. So it was, it was a little different. It had to be an amazing atmosphere though. Yeah. I was gonna, I could imagine playing in that game like that. I would've loved to been in that game. What would, what would you done? I would've been trying to go at him. Yeah. I would've went, I would've been trying to guard him. I would've been extra as hell. Could've built your name off there too. Nah, for real.


I would've been talking shit that that wouldn't have worked man. Oh the nothing was gonna work but he was gonna get them points. Whatever. But yeah but that was, that was, that was special. I would've been Dylan Brooks. Especially like I said, my favorite player all the time. You say you been Di Brooks? I would've been Dylan Brooks. I've been like Kobe's not that good. He shot 50 songs and song Wild. He said he wanted people to do that though. He didn't want people to, you know. Yeah. Let him do nothing. Go crazy like it's a regular, he worked for it. It wasn't nothing easy. I said that but what I'm saying like talk, talk shit. Like Jeff would've been like call him. Did you get the Kobe, you got the Kobes from that day? Hell yeah I got, yeah, the mama days. Yeah, the mama day. I actually got him. He was able to sign him for me. Oh he signed him? Yeah. Damn shit that's damn. Yeah I should have played.


I, I should have played in him but I didn't. Nah I got him. Only thing I got signed from Kobe was he signed a card. Yeah. So I always did it. I so I wore Kobe's all the time. Whatever we played in him, I wouldn't wear a shoe but I can't be on the court looking like that. Yeah. What about you? I ain't hooping Kobe to the end. I know, I know you is Adidas all the way. Yeah I was Adidas so I ain't hooping to Kobe's to the end. Really? I was hooping in Jordan tens. I was trying to get signed by team Jordan. It ain't work. Damn Joe. Joe didn't put in a call for you. Jordan ain't fuck with me like that. He only fuck with me at the club. Off the court. Off the court. T you got them Hold I go Bruce Smith play role.


That's crazy because you was almost seeing LeBron too. I used to wear LeBrons too. He wanna fuck with me. Me either. You gonna sign with Rich. I was like damn I can't do it. It's quiet. Alright. Damn. Damn. I shoulda damn. Fuck that up. Shout to Jr. Yeah Shout to the guy Jr. Oh yeah. We love JR.


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What makes Guardian Bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian Bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory. Ensuring top-notch quality and durability they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a Guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest deal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. No one can stop you For more. check out Bose dot com.


You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America. America's largest five G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlocked device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Shop Dell Technologies's Black Friday event for their lowest prices of the year. The future is on sale today with limited time deals on select PCs like the XPS 16 that accelerate AI with Intel core ultra processors. Black Friday is their biggest sale of the year and the best time to upgrade, but it's only here for a limited time. Shop now at Dell dot com slash deals. That's Dell dot com slash deals.


We all got a thing obsession. For some of us it's vintages fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof eBay, where closets get filled with statement pieces and vintage spots. Where Designer handbags or the real deal and all your favorite dead style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion Most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any Doit Yourself Job the best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


So obviously man, you know what I'm saying, had time in the league transition to different things. What you got going on right now man? Right now I'm going do college basketball. CBS Sports analyst. Yes sir. And also working in the front office with, with an NBA team doing some Pro Scout and trying to find some talent, you know, hanging out with the family and kids. So got a good life, blessed life. Know the crazy part is playing multiple teams, you know, meet a lot of people, have a lot of connections and it's no pan out for me now as I make this transition of being a retired player. I was gonna ask about that. Even with Jeff, like you guys always have good rapport with different people and people don't understand that the NBA fraternity is different once you in, you can really be there for life if you got good rapport and it's dope to see the network and the stuff of how it works.


But now it's interesting because like we said, Butler definitely owe you reparations with the NIL shit going on back to back championships bro. Yeah, I had dinner with Brad last night. I, I told him at the same time I would not been at Butler the following year. Yeah, out transfer portal transfer. Sure bro. Easy on him for sure. Yeah, that bag would've been recorded. He would've got a meal, something. Yeah. 1.5. It is definitely different around here. How was, how was that taken in? I wonder like as you're scouting, you know what I'm saying, you look at the different kids and stuff going on that could potentially be pros. Does that play a factor in it? Like how they handle the NIL at all? I mean I don't know if that's not being pocket watching, but just like the mannerisms for it because that does mean a different aspect of recruiting with people.


For me not, not really. Okay. No, at this side you're not really dealing with that. It's more like the agent or somebody else. I got you. But it, you know, it's a lot of people who's very good, you know, playing basketball. So a lot of stuff like off the court that stops 'em from getting to the next level. Like Intel, they, you know, they might be hanging out with a band a B hand all the time. Yeah. Be in the wrong spot, wrong time. Red flag. Red flag, red flag right there, right there. Nah, that's my guy. But look, look for stuff like that 'cause you know, once you able to get somebody a lot of money, a lot of access, you just don't know how they're gonna act. Know basketball, basketball is like a small piece. There's know more about your character and know being able to be a great teammate.


That's the hardest thing. Know NBA everyone average 20 points at some point in time you gonna go there and you might have to be a cheerleader for a few, for a few games and just see how you respond. Are you gonna be mad at the coach or the assistant coach or the ball boy who has nothing to do with this? Like you gonna take it out on now know it's not the kind of people that you wanna work with on day-to-day basis. For sure. How do you like commentating though? You see yourself doing that for a long time? I, I enjoy doing it. Get to watch a lot of basketball stuff around the game. Yeah, it's a little different doing college instead of pros 'cause you not trying to talk bad about, you know, anyone's like son. You know, everyone's trying to work and continue to get better.


Would love to call some games, see how I sound, you know, at the arena. But it good just keeping me all around and stay in touch with everybody. Cool. So man, March mad is still one of the craziest fucking basketball situations of all time, obviously with you having experience in that, do you think it's different now with the game? As far as like, like Marchal like, 'cause we don't even have too many college players that we get excited about anymore. It's like we skip every so often. But back in y'all's days it was every year, every team, like not every team, but you had marquee teams and matchups every single year. Yeah, it's like totally different now. How do you stay in tech with that? Like do you even get excited for that type of stuff? I know obviously with you working you, you locked in with it, but is it even the same atmosphere like being removed from it when when you, when you are able to go to the game, you still able to feel it.


Okay. Because it's, it's like say here in Indiana, like IU Purdue, no matter who's playing, you can just go to the game and and kind of feel the feel the energy. Yeah. It's hard to keep up with it though with the transfer portal people just being able to just go, that makes sense. School for school. So know sometimes I get lost on it with, with the players transferring. Then also, you know, the sixth year kind of threw everything off that covid year. Yeah. Yeah. So once all of that stuff settled in, people can start know coming back in with their favorite players and now hopefully we get some loyalty coming in soon with all of this. But I, I don't see how long, how much longer NIL stuff can work. How you feel about but moving to the Big East, I think it's a Great move. He had some good years. Yeah, when Coach Laval was coaching top 10 in the country, all that right now some downtime but can't really say his downtime when they got the two national champs over the past few years.


Back to back knowing the conference. This is a tough conference. I think it's one of the best conference better than the A, C, C. You asked me Ka ooh ka I don't big east. A C, C I don't know big. That's tough. Top heavy. Who you like who you liking in the A, C, C? I'm biased. I'm go A, C, C but if you go with UConn it gets the board, then you definitely gotta go Yukon. But well like consistently like Marquette, Villanova, they been good. Crazy for sure. They been good. I. don Dunno about Creighton crazy. She talking about like 21 teams. Oh no, no. As a total hall for sure. Yeah they got a overall better conference joint. Yeah they got a right now, but in the tournament I fear a couple of them Hs. C teams a little bit more.


Yeah, like I like Duke, I like Carolina. All right. I like Wake Forest. You said Wake? Yeah, I like Florida State. I like Miami a lot. Quiet Miami good. Miami good. Shout to Nira. They okay, but they ain't, they not better than nothing. They, they but like Miami was good because like you talking about Nigel Pac getting the transfer in. Yes sir. Like you, you need that to be like at that, at that high level. Yeah. NC State. I'm meant to see how Duke is gonna be this year. That's having all those freshmen coming in playing. Oh they going, I think they going smack shit. They gonna smack shit. Think so. Cooper Flag is the one. He's the one. If they let him cook the right, he's the one bro.


Isaiah Evans is pretty good too. He's from down south. Oh no, they got a whip too. They not, he ain't a one man man by any means. They got a whip. That's why I didn't understand why he was talking about them transferring. He was like everybody who transferred was Tam with. I'm like that's crazy bro. He the best player in college basketball. Nah, Cooper. Yeah. Nah, I got C right now. Ain't gonna say that. Even though there's people our age in there right now, he's still better than all of them. He's the best prospect. But like yeah you're the best prospect playing college basketball is like different like we see Oscar Sheway. Yeah 20 and 20 and then go to the next step. You play for the Pacers, it's, it's kind of hard for him to get out there and and contribute and play at a high level. But Cooper's Cooper Flag's path is different. Yeah, he gonna be the best prospect.


Yeah, it's definitely different. He that's what I'm saying, like it's different but also also Sheway is a player of the year. Like I don't I don't think Cooper gonna get player of the year. Yeah. Nah, he probably won't get the Accolas. He gonna get to no more pick. Cooper gonna average like nine. Hell no. Gotta get more than that. But you know how it go bro. I'll say between like nine and 14 that's a big gap. He's not but it's not gonna be 20. Nah it ain't gonna be 20, it'd be 13, 14 and he going in there with a whole bunch of other freshmen. He going there with a whip. Yeah they all trying to get paid. They I. don think they be the number two pick. Like are you one? I know I'm about to be two. We had this clip. It's okay. Alright. Cooper player of the year.


Duke National Champion. Think about how old dude was at Carolina. What's his name? Babcock. Bco? Yeah, Babcock for sure was Andrea. It's three, four other players though. They no they not going bro. They 24 and up for sure older him, our old boy from from Kansas actually like what's his name for a CC Play the year. The kid from Notre Dame the guard. Oh yeah he nice. Marcus from Indiana Johnson. Na shout out to Indiana. Great. Great basketball player. Yeah, Cole Cooper flag. I'm cool with them. The great white hope is on the way man. I gotta ask man. Y I'm saying off the court. I know how y'all went on the go.


How was like y'all kicking it off the court. Y'all talk about them tequila and Sprites man, how y'all get locked in like that? I think it was more just like us loving the game. Like we had talk about basketball off the court so we'd be like man, how can we get better looking at stats, watching games like this is all I gotta do to me. And Shell was barely by the numbers. I can average 12 points. The game right here that'd gimme 6 million a year. Like we was like that. Like we was just trying to map the game out. But we enjoyed playing so we would talk about the game then we would just kick it bro. He was just cool. We talk about, we still talk about playing Madden and stuff like that. Right. NCAA football just came out.


He never was really that good at video games but he always wanted to play. I'm I'm top, top of the country shit. And that he ain't, he ain't Shell I'm in the game man. Alright. I'm trying to tell you also think I was forced to go to team dinner all the time. Sure. After every every row game we go to team dinner, we sitting there for three or four hours just sitting there hanging out, talking. Now obviously having Hendrick is the connection. He was able to relate on a lot of different different things. Do people know anything about your your wrestling fetish? Yeah. Everybody know I love wrestling. That's Balls fetish is crazy. Hey everybody know I love well my man watching 1976 wrestling match.


Welcome bro. What's that? I guess that's a finish turn me is a wild turn. Turn me on Wrestl. Why I don? Why big? He was a dead cat in 1976 though. On the iPad. I'm like bro what you guys going on bro? Bro I just like wrestling bro. But you know what? Something else we relate to, we cheat.


Whoa. No we cheat. What? Talking about that's why we was going to dinner so long. We cheat cheap. Watch bro. No we both cheap bro. We use, we don't wanna spend money Time say that bro. You ain't from Chicago. Say that P Man look at him bro. He trying get you caught up or so. I know I got him. He was confused too. Nah, cheap. Like we don't use the money. We we cheap frugal. Here we go frugal Al. Because that's how we used to go to them team dinners. We like. Oh he about to pay for us to eat again. Yeah, we I'll eat free. Yeah. What tequila on him.


Oh shit. Why Jab getting all the 1942 he can get for sure. I used to, my bill used to be 1500 alone. Damn. Who was paying for the steam dinner bud? Damn I was racking up, I was taking stuff back to the room. I was acting on The Volume tab. That's how you be doing it? Yes. Go play everywhere we go. He get two to go, two to go. I knew they were going The. Volume. He just take his Mike be like Mike left over too.


He, Mike left over. He swipe that American Express. Fuck outta here. Hey, what's wrong with him man? They trying to get people jailed up. No we we, we definitely cheap. I would say yeah we cheap. We we going, we try and go to get section for a thousand. We like who else coming? Oh that's nasty. I got two 50 on it. Straight up. Hey, be like Paul you going be like what's up. You make the most money man. Yeah, they was in the league one. Hell the Rack all they was bro. Y'all getting a bottle bottle. 300. I got 25.


Me, him, Damari. We all bringing it up babe. Bring it all up. We were smart man. Trying to be That's funny man. He's Ahoe man. I can't even believe that nigga over there. Jesus all wrap it up. Oh man. Hey man, it's been real Shells family at the park, man. We gotta have back man. It's always a good time. We in the building man. You know what we need him for? He gotta be our college basketball host for the morning show. Come on man. Good morning. Show. We got a morning show. It's on the way bro. It's on the way. We need to call you for basketball updates man. On the, I'm definitely, I'm definitely with that.


We need that. Come on man. Come to five 20. You you already game bro. Yeah, you know you family, you gotta represent for Butler a little bit more. Nah man, I didn't graduate there so shout out to the Lou. Hey, you didn't graduate from there? Nope. He lost flagging him. He a Louisville. He got the bird on. Not the bird. Man. Disrespect the book bro. You a you a little card. Yeah, my family all from there. So yeah, we locked in for sure. Deep to rap. But look man, you not gonna see this face. Did you graduate from there or what? I didn't go there. My nigga all family's from there. My family's all locked in Louisville.


Gotcha, gotcha. One time for the one time. Hey man, you'll see show back soon. We said it on wax. He's gonna be our basketball college basketball analyst for five 20 in the morning. Come in soon. Lock into that. But you know what it is. Be here and tell the people they can buy some merch at shop club. Five twenty.com baby. Yes sir. You know what time it is. Like share, subscribe. All that good shit will be back next time. Club five 20 The Volume. You're at a bar looking for a new beer. When you smell a citrusy aroma, it smells like sunshine and oranges. You see the bartender pouring a beer that looks refreshing. Only one problem. You have no clue how to pronounce the name ly.


Is that even English? The bartender is now heading your way as you're about to order. Nice cold ly you hear. Can I get a Highli? Hili the best beer you probably can't pronounce.


Get in zone. AutoZone, Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? So you've got an oil change coming up. You can go farther and save on full synthetic with our oil change special. Right now you can get five quart of Bline Advanced full synthetic with an STP Extended Life oil filter for just 33 99. Get the parts you need when you need them@autozoneorautozone.com. Get Zone AutoZone Restrictions. Apply


Stay farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making Smarter Financial Moves today secures your financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't? Right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pick up or in store. Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Hey listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise. With Intel core I nine processors, gaming Happens with Intel. Shop now only at Lenovo dot com.