
As a renter, do you ever feel like you're just throwing money away? Think you'll never be able to save enough to buy your own home? Then check out Rent Rewards from Rocket Mortgage. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership. Now, for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 800 for Rocket. Or visit rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage, LLC Equal Housing lender, licensed in all 50 states, NMLS Consumer access.org. Number 33.


Yo. What's good? It is Jeff C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA Tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland v Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas v. Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the end app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially, step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic because we came to play, bring the Magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


When you got the job, OCHO And I, nightcap was talking about it, And I said some comments and it went viral. I said that, You know, Hey Ocho. She, she nice. She nice. So if I offended you, I wanna take the time out to say, I apologize. You didn't. That was not my intent. I didn't, And I don't ever want someone to feel uncomfortable with my comments. No. So that's why I wanted to take the time to say, yeah, I apologize for what I said. Oh no, it's okay. And that means you got some good eyes on you. That was all that made me, You know, ain't nothing with it All my life. Grinding on my life, sacrificed hustle, paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of D, the swat. All my life. I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life.


Sacrifice, hustle. Hello. Welcome to another episode of Club Sheha. I am your host, Shannon Sharpe. I'm also the pro proud of Club Sheha. And today we're at Spotlight la stopping by for conversation on the drink today. She's made a name for herself on the comedy circuit, spreading laughter both online and off. She quickly became one of the biggest rising stars in the industry. Performing the sold out shows nationwide. A true force to be reckoned with in the world of entertainment. An undeniable staple in the digital age, a prominent, influential and outspoken social media star. A popular personality, a actress, an entertainer, content creator, savvy businesswoman, and a loving mother.


A fearless and a fearless co-host of the insanely popular award-winning syndicated morning talk show. The Breakfast Club. She's just with the mess. But her news is real. Here she is, ladies and gentlemen. The one and only. Very funny, just hilarious. Thank you. You better run it down. I like that. You like that. I like that. I, I tell people when they come on the show, I, I don't give people what they deserve. I give them what they earned. Yeah. And everything that was written on this card you've earned. So congratulations. Ah, Thank you so much. I don't know if you drink or Now you, you drink. I drink. I dibbled one dad. But what is this? What we got here? This is my cognac. It's an award-winning cognac. We won the SIP award in 2022, which means a blind taste test. We line up cups and all the other cognacs.


And people say, You know, we like a, okay, so we beat all the pop. We don't have to name 'em, but You know, the cognac. And we beat 'em in a taste test. So I want to taste, I want to toast you. All right. I think it's been about a year since you've been the cohost of the brick Club, right? Yes. Yes. It has been a year. And Exactly. And welcome your second child. Yes. So for a loving mother and everything that you've accomplished. Yes. And we will continue to accomplish. Thank You. Now You know, I'm gonna tell you the truth. If this good, I'm gonna let You know. 'cause I don't care how many words it wants. Go ahead. I Don't care. It's all about taste. All right. It's smooth. It's smooth because I, I was ready to be a fan And I wanted to change the formula. All right. But no, it's good. It's Good. Well, thank you very much. No problem. Thank you for stopping by.


Club Shaha. Yep. Baltimore. Born and raised. Born And raised. Yes. Y'all got an accent though, bro. I mean, what's car? Yeah, we Do. I mean, You know, I'm from rural South Georgia. People bag on me. Yeah. I've had a, a glow on and, You know, glow for Memphis, bro. Yes. But lemme ask you this, Jess. How important is it for you to embrace how you talk, the way you dress, the way you sound? How important is that for you to embrace who you are, to remain authentic to who you Are? I mean, it keeps me relatable and, You know, that's how I got to where I am being unapologetic, unapologetically me. You know? Yes. We do have a strong accent. The you the do the two. We see hot dog instead of hot dog.


Right. What you doing? All that? Yeah. You know, people love as much fun as people make about the, the accent. They love it everywhere I go. They like to hear me say things and everything like that. But the Baltimore will never dye me. You know, I've lived in la I've lived in Atlanta, I've lived New Jersey, New York. But You know, Baltimore will never die. Right. You know, I gotta stay grounded. When I first got into the media space I got on television, I went to all these people to try to change my dialect because I talked with a heavy colloquial dialect bill from rural South Georgia. But once I realized that that's not who I am. Yeah. I needed to embrace. And then once I really like heard Charles Barkley, I was like, man, Charles accent is worse than mine. He from, he, he from Lee, Alabama.


Yeah. And once I embraced who I was, people embraced who I was. Yeah. You think that's, that's, that's of the utmost, because if you lose who you are, that's your identity. Just talking to dude and to Doug, that's who you are. And if you lose sight of that, you kinda lose who Si lose sight of who you actually are. Yeah. Now, I, I, when I go to Baltimore, I get a little bit more Baltimore Okay. Than I am outside of Baltimore, but I, it will never completely die in my dialect. No it won't. Who has the thicker accents? Memphis or Baltimore? Memphis. Memphis. Blow by Girl. I Love Money Bag. Yo. Oh my God. NLE Chop. I think NLE Choppa.


He, he don't sound as Memphis as the rest of them. Yeah. He don't. He don't. So that's the one that come. He, hes one of the ones that don't really get to Memphis. Yeah. But Glo Glo oh my God. Sometimes I be like, what'd she say? But that's my baby. I love her. And she, and she quickly said, babe, you country. I'm like, glow. Really, really I'm country. You Lemme ask all these famous people from Baltimore, Jada, Pickett, chaw Rock, Monique, Carmelo, Mario, Cisco Giovan, Davis Phelps, babe Ruth, Thurgood Marshall, bill Holiday, Montel Williams. What, what are some of, what are you thinking? What is it about Baltimore? And, and, and that so many of these people were able to leave Baltimore and become what we know them are to as today We're talented.


You know, it is, we're like dominant in a rough city. You know what I mean? We, it's a lot of the, we're overlooked a lot because we're we're known as, You know, You're not DC Yeah, Yeah. You know, we're, and then people only know us for The Wire. Right. You know? Yes. Yes. And, and which is still one of my favorite TV shows of all time. I'm telling you. Not power, not touching Wire, the Wire. We, well, who else? But being none Of those shows Now, You know, 50 gonna come for us now. Well, Who Me And you. Because he gonna get mad at me because for you, he, he gonna get mad at me. 'cause I allowed you to say it on this platform. He gonna come for you because you gonna say the power's not touching the wire. Oh, Well, I said it before And I said again 50.


Now he could try to redo the wire and cast me if he want to, but other than that, the Wire is his favorite damn show. Oh, really? So, yeah. I'm, yeah. Monique gave you some love. Yeah. How did that make you feel when Monique, because Monique is, is is, Monique, before you answer that, is Monique misunderstood. What do, what do, what do people get wrong? Because I, I'm thinking that you have kind of a better relationship with her than most. What do people get wrong about Moe? Man, listen, that is a hardworking woman. That's somebody that paved the way for all of Baltimore. Not even just on a comedy sense. Like she, she's unapologetically her, right?


Yes. 1000. And, and yeah. And when she's done wrong, you're, you gonna hear And you gonna hear about it. She Ain't let nothing slide Until you make it right with her. Right. Yes. That's the thing. Yeah. Because when you make it right, she, she good. Yep. She's a loving person, You know what I mean? Like, and, and she uplift me every chance she could listened. I remember I opened up for her one time. Right. And when I opened up for her, I wasn't, I wasn't going through anything or anything like that. And that woman hugged me right before she went on stage. 'cause I opened up for her. She hugged me And I just cried. Like it was like, it is one of them hugs that I got you. I'm here for you. You're doing great. Keep doing what you're doing f the naysayers And You know what I mean? Right. So yeah.


She is misunderstood, but she's also been done wrong too. Right. And, and she's also understood. But I think a lot of, a lot of what she's been through has been neglected by those who caused that harm to her. And, and, and she just want, she just wants to make it right. Like she wanted them to make it. Right. She shouldn't have to go through, go to this platform and go to this extreme and go to that extreme to hear, to be heard about things that, that, You know, she's felt that she's been slighted a lot. Why is it Jess, that when you think, when people do you wrong, the first thing they say, move on. Get over it.


You notice that? Yeah. Yeah. Why do you think that is? Why can't people just embrace like, bro, if I say you, this is what you've done. Okay. Just acknowledge. Don't tell me I need to get over it. Yeah. You need to apologize. Yeah. Why is it so hard for people to apologize? Because it is not done to them. You know what I mean? Like, it, if it, it's not done to you, you don't really feel it unless you're done wrong. You know what I'm saying? And I've been done wrong as well, You know. And sometimes I let it roll off my back, You know, and sometimes, nah, you gonna pay for that. You know, depending on what you, depending on what you did. Okay. You know what I mean? And depending on if I wanna move on from it or not. Because everything don't deserve, You know, your time and energy to go back and forth with it, You know.


But some things like, nah, you gonna feel what you did to me. Right. You know, Grew up in Baltimore, two parent household. How was that? Amazing. Really amazing. My parents, they were married up until a few years ago. But me and my, my brother Kevin, we got to grow up in a loving household. Our dad worked, our mom worked as well. Like both of them worked. And they, they gave us what they could. We grew up in West, west Baltimore City, You know, Emerson Avenue, west Baltimore. And, and they were able to give us what they didn't have. You know what I mean? So, right. Yeah. Is it, was it the situ, were they strict? Were they disciplinarians? Were, One was strict, one was a disciplinarian and one was lenient.


My mom, she's deacon of the church. I'm telling you, he was raised in church. We could go to church Tuesday, Wednesday, Saturday, Sunday. You know. Right. And then my dad, on the other hand, nah, that was the, he was the dj. He's the one that taught me all the music. I know. I have such a wide variety of music that I listen to, You know, and then he's where I get my funny from. Right. Like, my dad is like the comic of the family. But yeah. Two different, two different. But, but it's balance. Right. Balance. That's, boy, you talk about here and here, the two deeds. One's a dea, the other's a dj. How did That happen? Yeah. Yeah. Well, my dad was a Marine. He went to Marines and he and my mom met in high school.


Okay. And he married her right outta high school, You know. Right. It was right before he went to the Marines and, and they just been together. They, You know, And I think they got married so young, they didn't really get to live the single life and to date and see what's out there. My mom has always been like just a one man woman and just a lover. And my dad, he didn't get to live out that bachelor life. And so that's what kind of like deter the, the marriage, marriage apart, You know, later, later, later. Yeah. Looking back on that, how important do you think that was to have two parents and to have a loving environment to, to let You know with if and when you decided to get married?


We'll get into that a little later And you decide to have kids. What was important? Man? Just the structure of my household. You know, no household is perfect. No two parents are perfect. Yeah. I, I had the, the perfect balance. But still, there were things that, You know, that every household has to endure. You know. But as both of my parents relate to me today, I am happy that they instilled in me, like how to raise my children. Okay. You know what I mean? They never let us see certain things growing up. Like when dad was broken, he, You know, he, we never knew that until I got older. Right. And he sat us down, talked to us when y'all had the latest tennis shoes and y'all was, You know, and they made us earn everything.


But when y'all were walking around looking good and everything, nah, my bank account was low. You know, these are conversations that my parents waited until my brother And I were grown to have, You know. And then my mom opened up to me about her being unhappy. You know, the last, what, 10 no eight years of the marriage, You know what I mean? Infidelity played a part in it. And then how my dad just, he didn't wanna leave. 'cause he still, that was the love of his life. He just still didn't get to fulfill that, You know, dating. And they got, when you get married young in so many things, You get married outta high school. Like 1890. Yes. Yes. And you stay together until you fit in your fifties and sixties. You miss Everything. You wanna see what? Oh, BBLs.


Oh shit. Okay. Well this is, okay, cool. This is nice. All right. Bitches can buy the edges. It's okay. You know, it's a lot of new things. Did, did your parents, did you see your parents argue? Did they argue in front of you today? No. Never. I've never seen my parents argue ever with each other. No, I did not. So, in other words, I, And I heard, I read this quote, they say, what you crave as a child, you overcompensate as a parent. Hmm Hmm. Now my son have seen me and his father go at it. My son done seen his father up. I ain't gonna lie, I done got into it physical with the dad, man, me and Rome. That's my son's father. My son's name is Ash. That's your oldest dad? Your oldest child? Yep. My oldest child, Ashton, he's 12 now.


His dad's name is Rome. And me and Rome done been through it. Right. We have been through it, but we are really, really good friends and family today. But yeah, I, yeah. I ain't, I ain't take that, that, that rule From my parents. You left that, you left that part out. Very, I I very much. I did. I left it out. You went to a pre predo, I mean Baltimore. Yeah. And you went to a predominantly white high school. I did. How was that? It was scary at first. Yo, I ain't even gonna lie. My mother had pulled me away from Baltimore City Public Schools and was like, no, I want better for my child. Right. And, and, You know, my dad was on board. My dad was like, ah, he, he was kind of going back and forth with it. Like, I don't wanna just pull her from what she knows, she got her friends here. Right. She, she's into sports here.


She's doing things. She has her life here. We, I don't know if we should, but at the end of the day, they, they did. They were making a, a great decision. And I'm glad that my mom did that. I'm glad that my, my dad went on ahead with it. 'cause a lot of things I learned, You know, I'm well-rounded because of that. It, it, it was scary. I, at first, I, I was acting like they was being racist and they wasn't. And I was like, somebody just called me and my mom was like, no, they didn't. And I was like, are you right? But I don't wanna go to school. I'm like, they, they, they don't know how to dance. Everybody want me to teach them how to dance. And then I became one of the most popular kids in the high school. I was at that time. 'cause it it was York, Pennsylvania. Yes. At that time it was only, I think I was like one out of 12 black students in the school.


The, the school had about, I don't know, I would say 10,000 kids. Wow. Yeah. It was like the size of a a, a university, right? A college. Yeah. And it was a middle high school. So Dallas town area, Penn, Dallas, Dallas town area high school. It was in Pennsylvania. And it was scary at first, but I'm glad that I stayed. It's funny that you said that. 'cause my, my, my daughter's mom had the opposite. She was at a, a private school that was predominantly white and she pulled her out because she said, that's not reality. Yeah. She said, you're not gonna be in a predominant area at any point in time in your life. Hmm. So you need to be more rounded and be around people that look like you and have different ethnicities and so forth and so on.


So she, she did the opposite. And I totally understand that. But I did see, I did see on IG where this black, this young black female said that a black should not go to a predominantly white because you could lose sight of yourself. Hmm. Something I've never done. I've never done that. I'm telling you, I, like I said, You know, a lot. I was, I was afraid at first because Yeah. I came from Baltimore City public schools. Everybody I saw looked like me. Yeah. You know, I little ponytail on the side, You know what I'm saying? Nobody comb in the back of their head. So the buckshots is bugging. You know what I mean? But then I go up there, everybody got long, straight hair, blue eyes, And I, and I'm just like, okay, this is what it is. You know? But it was like the opposite of what Right.


You know, you just brought up, like, I had already seen and been around black people for so long, and people who looked like me in Baltimore, and it was good for them to pick me up and drop me in a place that was foreign to me. Right. You know, because then I learned other cultures. Yes. You know what I'm saying? And then I also learned what being the minority felt Like. You know, I, I, I learned, You know, what controlled racism was. I, I learned when somebody trying to be smart, they, they can't directly try to be sleep with it. Yeah. 'cause they know they get they ass knocked out. But, so, so, so, I, I, okay. Yeah. This what y'all doing. All right. I got you. So You know, it, it was great. Then I also made some of, like, I met some of the greatest people that I've known since then up there.


So I, I think my parents for that. Do You get in any fights they call you names? Hell no. Not to my face. Nope. Nope. I listen, I, I, I ain't gonna lie, going to high school with white kids, that's how I got into drugs and all of that. I, I smoked my first blunt up there. I did my first shroom up there. Damn. Yeah. Bonfires and all of that. So, so they, so, so how did this, so how did this happen? You like, okay, what y'all doing tonight? What y'all getting into tonight? You're like, okay, we gonna do this, yada, yada, yada. You're like, okay, cool. They were, they were inviting me for a long time. Like, yo, you wanna come to this bonfire dude? Like, it's gonna be great. Like, it's so cool. And I'm like, totally okay. Yeah. And I'm like, all right, cool. I see what a bon because You know, I'm from Baltimore.


Right. There ain't no bonfires. Now you say a fire, it's somebody house. Right. You know what I mean? It's just, it's not, it's not a bonfire. So I go And I, I see them rolling up weed. I'm like, all right. I, I had never smoked weed, tried weed in my life until 10th grade in high school. I'm like, let me, let me see. I'm like, what y'all putting it? 'cause I know white people lace they stuff. Yeah. You know what I mean? So I'm like, let me see, because, You know, I see little substances being poured on top of blunt, You know, I mean, poured in it. And I'm like, gimme a regular blunt, You know, I hit, it's cool. I'm, I'm hungry. I'm feeling a little funny. Right. You know, and so I, I start telling jokes and stuff, but then I see people are tripping off of other things. And I'm like, what's that? Oh yeah. Well that person, You know, Carlos had just had some acid over there, You know, I'm like, yeah, I ain't, I don't want that.


I don't want that. Nah. Then, You know, you got pills over here, we got, I'm telling you. Right. These kids had everything except for their parents there all the time. That's what set them aside from me. That's when I started connecting with my friends on a different level. Because they would see how my parents were there. They would come home every night. They would tell me they love me. They would tell me, You know, 'cause I would have my friends over too. Right. And I remember one of my friends saying, her name's Talia. She's like, you and your mom tell you, tell each other that you love each other. Like all the time. I'm like, yeah, you and your mom don't. She's like, no, not really. Like, I don't really see my mom. And that was the case for a lot of them. A lot of their parents, they own big corporations and worked for big companies.


They traveled all the time. And they would just get 'em kids money, You know, and that's what, that's how they would get into drugs. And everybody had a car and everything. But they would get into drugs and they didn't really feel that love that they saw between my parents And I. So I connected with them. So you think they had a a so the next, so would you have tried your, let's just say for the sake of argument, you stayed in B Baltimore or Baltimore Public schools. Do you believe he would've tried drugs and would've experimented like you did That I definitely would've tried weed. I mean, my big brother smoked weed and he started smoking weed when he was maybe 12 years old. Right. And yeah. So I, I would've tried that, but I probably wouldn't have got on the shrooms. I probably wouldn't have started with psychedelics at all. Right. But yeah, I do psychedelics for something different though.


I, I do it for clarity. It's not just a whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa. Yeah. What's That? You said did, or do I do I Do that? That's present Tense. Currently? Yes. Right now. Today. Damn. Yep. I mean, what, I mean, you try to see the future. What's going on? Look, you can, it depends on how many shrooms you consume. You, you might be looking into the future or somebody else future. But you be Up there. So, so lemme so when you do you by yourself? Not all the time. I, I do shroom with my, my sister and my fiance. Okay. Yes. So, I mean, so, so, so what, so what do they actually do? They, they, they free your mind? Yes, they do. Is it like an Adderall? If it's something like, See I've see I also got hooked on add Adderall in high school as well.


'cause I couldn't focus And I needed that to focus, You know, it's a lot going on. Right. So it, it's very different from, from that like, so shrooms, it's not really a high, you don't feel like a high, it's like it's enlightenment. Right. You know, you And you feel open And you can go. You're not out of It though, are you? You can tap No. If you're scared. If you're a, a person who overthinks a lot Yeah. I would not recommend them for you. You know what I mean? 'cause you can go crazy. See? Yeah. If you doing all of that like, like smokey in a pigeon goop. You ain't, you better not be uhuh. I ain't doing no shrooms with you, Shannon. That Uhuh.


Yeah. But it's a, it is, it is good. I still do it. Yes. Right. You had a friend o overdose though, right? I Did. I did. But I was not from Shroom. That wasn't from Shroom. No. Did that scare you? Absolutely. 'cause he was so young. Right. You know, he was very, very young. And it was one of a, a few kids that actually, but this one was my friend. Yeah. He had overdosed. I forget what the drug was. It was, it, it wasn't shrooms though. It was, it was something, I think it was like bath salts or something like that and Oh, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. And it was, it, it was messing them up, man. So You had some crazy jobs coming up. A more tip. Well, hard funeral director.


Yes. Yeah. So, no. So that's the thing. That's what I want. That's what I thought I wanted to be. Yeah. You know what I mean? Because I went, I went to college and did a semester, just, just a semester. I thought I want, I thought I really wanted to get into like being a mortician. Right. You know, because every job before that, Shannon And I swear everybody was getting me fired. Everybody, You know. And so I'm like, if I worked with dead people, can't nobody wake up and be like, oh, she did. You know? 'cause they did. They gone. But, but jazz, you was stealing. I was what? Damn. You got your Fired. But I ain't stealing from the people. That was snitching. You gotta mind your business.


If, if, listen, if I'm working at a company, right? And I'm stealing the money And you see me and it ain't your company, come and try to get money with me. Don't, don't go, oh, she a boss. She a stealing boss. So you wanna be the favorite. You know what I mean? And you, that ain't gonna get you no raise, that ain't gonna get no bonus for you. You could have been getting money with me on the side. So in other words, would you steal, you gonna steal money from the dead people to get equipment with money in their purse, in their pocket? You going? No, but that was the very lucrative business to be in. People ain't never gonna stop dying. No, they're not. So I was going, I planned to stop stealing and making money the right way. Okay. With the dead people. So, so you wanted to go to study mortuary science.


Yes. Which I did for a semester. And I got scared because the clinicals, yo they listen and I'm not gonna say I wasn't paying attention in class, You know, but Embalmment fluid works very funny. If you put too much into it, You know, limbs can lift up. Yes. And gas can leave. The body stood up. Well, yes. They stood up and that had happened. And that was the last time that people saw me. That was it. That's, that's it. I said that thought y'all was dead. And You know, so I, I was scared And I, I I said I can't do it. Yeah. You know, I had a, a buddy of mine, his father on a funeral service and he's like, man, damn, people can't hurt you.


I said, yeah, but they can make you hurt yourself. Absolutely. They sure can You start, somebody sit up in there itching when you do straightening the hair and stuff, You damn me running to a wall. I'm done. No, I'm done. So that's it. Social media. What made you start, what made you get on social media? Well, I used to watch Maury a lot. Right. More. Yes. I used to watch Maury Povi. Right. Even when I wasn't supposed to be watching that man, I was watching. Right. And that was the very first skit that I did. I, I liked, I liked to do parodies back then. Right. And so I remade that The, who's the father, I was acting like I was the guy and how they would have the confessionals, I'm not the father.


And they would have these like different angles. Like it would be a angle down, looking up at the guy. And then it, it was just funny. So I remade that and that skit took off. Right? And then I'm like, damn, this person reposted it. Then this person posted it, this person. I said, well, I can, I can do this. So I just kept doing videos. And this was back when videos were only 15 seconds on Instagram. So I'm like, all right, I gotta make people laugh in 15 seconds. Let me do it. And so I just made a series of skits that went viral and that's, it just took off from, from there. Did you, were you afraid to upload 'em? Some, some of them. Only because I was afraid that people would steal the idea. Not whether or not people would think it's funny. I've always been funny my whole life, You know.


But Were you a class clown? Always even up there with the white people. That's how I got put out. Half the time I was, I'm like, y'all put people, y'all white and y'all still put people outta class. I thought that was only a black thing. But they like, no, get your ass outta here. No. You trying to make everybody laugh. So Yeah. But that's, that's how that happened. I wanted to touch on this. I I, it slipped over my mind when you stealing, you go to jail for stealing. Did they put you in jail? I did go to jail once, not forever stealing from any of my jobs. I was at this modeling agency and I had stole from this one woman and Damn Jess. Yeah, I know, I know you nowhere. Well, I, I, Now you can't, I'm reformed.


I'm reformed now, You know, so now people steal from me. I don't steal from them. So, but look, I was, I did, I stole from the director and then I stole from what? You stole assistant money. What? Well, yeah, but this the thing, this the thing, all right. The, the assistant that I stole from shit had in there to take me to court too. But she ain't had nothing on her card. And I'm like, I ain't even get nothing off. I couldn't even order a pizza off your card lady. Why are you up here standing in front of the judge talking about, and she also stole from me. Well, I didn't get nothing, so I shouldn't be trying for this. But the other lady, yeah, she had some, she had some big bucks and so yeah, You go, you, I'm some, I'm looking at you Jess.


I think you one of them people Job to get 'em. No, I st it was a modeling agency and they was lying to people taking all their goddamn money telling us that we can be Tyra Banks and Naomi Campbell Campbell. Right. And we, we couldn't be, why would you tell me that? I ain't even tall enough. You know what I mean? And I really was going with this. It was people shorter than me and You know, it was people on the bigger side that they, they knew man. Well, wasn't Plus model you to be a plus model. Yeah. Yeah. What the Ashley, what the Ashley what's the lady? You can, but not back then. You Ashley Stewarts and Lane Bryant and all those people. Yeah. That's what, yeah. But you ain't come on now. Some of those people in there and they, they was just taking people's money. So you was robbing hood. Yes. And I went back to collect for everybody.


But when it came time for me to give back, everybody else, everybody left. So I was like, sure, I might as well keep all up for myself. So that's what, that's how that happened. Lemme ask you a question. What was the first video that went viral And you were hooked? Hmm. My first Jess with the Mess. That was my first Jess with The Mess. I used to do Jess with the Mess on Reality tv. Okay. This is when Love and Hip Hop first came out, right? Love and Hip Hop Atlanta? No, it was New York with Chrissy and Jim Jones. Okay. And then I was, and then Amina, Peter Guns and Tara. Tara and all of them. And I started doing just the mess around reality tv. And then I started doing it with like, just industry things.


Right. Other things. Yep. Is it true Nikki unfollowed you because of one of your videos? I don't know why she unfollowed me, but I know she had reposted me a few times listening to some of her music that she dropped and then unfollowed me. I, a few people unfollowed me though, but I don't know the reason why. I don't be like, why you there? But You know, you can't be going back and forth them barbs on social media though. You I Don't go back and forth with them. They go back and forth with themselves. Oh, you don't, so you don't respond on social media. You don't go back. Not anymore. You haven't seen, you can't find a comment that I done commented on. And since, what did I say? I like last, I think back in 2023, I said, I'm not gonna comment anymore.


I did. They don't deserve for me to keep going. How difficult is that? Because that, but your nature is to come back. Yeah. Yeah. It is very difficult. That's why I don't read comments as often as I used to. Because listen, just Jesse, from around the way Baltimore city, she on that app, she'll get in your ass. And I've learned a lot things that you would say to A MFO on the streets in Baltimore. Sis, you can't do it online. Don't do it online. It's not worth it. And it's not. And and at the end of the day, these people don't know you and they would never say this to your face. So don't go. What are we in the comments?


All your renters out there, here's something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash is gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC Equal housing lender licensed in all 50 states NMLS consumer access.org Number 33.


Yo. What's good? It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland v Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greedy teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the Final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Have you ever brought your magic to walk Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through, it's true magic because we came to play Bring the Magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


Why is it people on social media? They'll say something slick. You get slick her back with 'em and then they cry big. Oh my God, I can't believe you said that. You talk to a woman like that. No, she talked to me first like that period. And that's just what it is. You know what I mean? And that's, and that's another thing growing up in Baltimore, that's what it is. You, if there's no rules To This, no. You know, you come at me, I come at you. You can't tell me how. No, you can't say that though. It's like, no, no, no. And I, I think we live in a world now where sensitive and offended is the new trend, You know? So yeah, There are a lot of social media stars. You look at Desi Banks, Druke Young Fly Pretty, VB Simone, this other guy.


I'm sure you gonna talk about him 'cause he had something to say about you. It wasn't bad though. You know what I'm talking about. Don't you excluded that guy? Did you connect with you? Did you see what they were doing? Like, well damn, they're doing this. I can do this. So how, I mean, how did you even get started doing the uploading of the video? Well, The first person that I ever saw was DC Young Fly. Okay. That is my brother. Yeah. That I, I know he called me the same thing. I'm his brother too. That's what he said. But that's the only, that's the only guy I let play with me like that by the way. Yeah. Really? But yeah. Yeah. I don't let nobody else call me they brother. I don't be playing around like that. But, but yeah, I, I started off seeing him and, You know, king Botch and like those people and I'm like, yo, I, I actually didn't see any females.


I I only saw him And I was like, yo, that guy is funny. Right. Even though I couldn't understand everything he was saying because that, that Georgia is different from your Georgia, You know, And I swear when I first met DC I would just listen and nod and laugh. Like I knew what he was saying and he couldn't understand. And then I would ask Carlos Miller like, do You know who he said? And he'd be like, yeah, I know what he said. Well then both of y'all country. But I'm not country. So I don't know. But yeah, that, that's, that's what, what made me feel like, hey, I can do this too. Right. You know? 'cause I, I could relate to DC He was himself always himself. So, yeah. So what did any of the other guys, once you meet those, met those people, did y'all share information? Did y'all share tips? Did y'all like, well hey, let's get this money together. Yeah, I actually took be Simone and Pretty Vee and watch Jazzy on their first tour.


I did my first tour and they, I took them with me. Right. So yeah, that's how they got their start in standup. Well Pretty v does a host of things. Yeah. She pretty v don't like doing no damn standup. Right. She is successful in entertaining though, for sure. Right. So yeah, she's more like a host. But yeah. How did you meet Country Wayne? How did I meet Country Wayne? I know that it's not on your card. Let see that damn car over there. How the hell did I meet him? He a nice dude though. Yeah. Now see you ain't said no. Yeah, but I don't, I don't even remember how I met the fella. I don't damn, I don't sorry to that man. Okay. You know?


Okay. Kiki. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry. I don't know that man. You know, I, I'm sorry. I just don't know. I don't remember how I met him. How old old were you when you got on stage for the first time? Hmm. I don't remember how old I was, but it was 2013. 2013 when I got on stage for the first time. The first big stage I got on was 2014. I opened up for Martin And I had only been on stage two or three times. Did you always wanna do standup? No. The hell, I did not. I didn't even know what all of that consist consisted of. Like I, I grew up watching.


Yes. Like car mc view stand up late with my dad when I wasn't supposed to. And just watching Bruce Bruce And You know, seeing the Dion Cole and seeing, You know, but I had never imagined that's what I would be doing. Right. Yeah. I just always was was funny. Right. Humorous, comical. But I never thought that I would be a staff Meeting. So did, did you decide to do it or someone talk, say, Hey Jess, you should, you should try this. So how did, so how did you decide to go up on stage? Listen, so my big brother Desi, he's not my biological brother, but he is somebody who is a mentor for me. He's also from Baltimore City. Desi Alexander. Okay. He's been a feature on my tour since I first started. This is the guy that people know when I'm coming.


He coming to, okay. Him and another guy from Baltimore. His name is cool and he's a promoter and he also works for Nique now as well. They were doing open mics And I would go all the time. And the local comedy scene in Baltimore was, it was just, it was funny And I just always wanted to, to go and be a part of it, but not to get up on stage. And one day they just pushed me up on stage 'cause I was already doing the skits and stuff, so people already knew who I was. Right. Locally. And then they was like, you might as well try it. My brother's like try it. And I'm like, ah, I don't know. So then he calls my name. I go up there. I didn't know what the light was. When they give you a light, that means all right, your time is about to be up.


Time is dwindling down. I thought they was taking pictures. I was up there. I supposed to been up there for 10 minutes, I mean five minutes. It went from five to 10 to 15. And then the DJ dropped the music. And I'm like, well damn. And they like, no, 'cause you gotta get off. I'm like, oh, I didn't know. I didn't know the rules. Right. Y'all pushed me up here and now y'all trying to push me off. Right. You know, so, and, And I started developing a, a like for it. Right. Not really a love yet, until Martin Lawrence had his brother call me and asked me to open up for him. Right. And that's when I was like 13,000 people down at the Wells Fargo arena. That's what it was called then State Farm or Wells Fargo Arena in Baltimore City. Right. But that's when I realized standing on that stage, making my city laugh like that, I'm like, all right.


Yeah. This is what I'm supposed to be doing. Because Prior to that, you didn't have, so you didn't have a bug. It wasn't like when you first got up there like, okay, I like this. I I'm hooked. Yeah. You like, it wasn't until Martin actually called you And you said, yeah, this is what I'm gonna do. Yep. And that's when I started working on my craft. Right. I started actually going like to open my other open mics outside of Baltimore City. Right. And writing jokes and stuff like that started Serious. So you quit your, were you working at the time? You quit your job? I was stealing. So, You know, that was so, but I, I, I did you and Miss Pat, You do something again. Went Oh wow. I, I love Miss Pat. I know, but I am not a thief now. Shannon. Shannon, Felman Louise. I know, right? I know, I know. So you do this, you get the bug and so Now you are writing stuff.


You're like, I wanna be good at this. I wanna be the best I possibly can be at this. Right. And you start taking it serious. And you, from that point on, from when Martin brother called you, that was the moment that you said, what? This is what I'm gonna do. That Is the moment. That is the moment. The moment when I was on stage. Right. Because I was scared as hell. He had called me about something else. He didn't even call me to ask me to, to do the show first. He called me. 'cause Martin was working on plays. He wanted to like get into like the play field. Right. And was like, Martin wants to do a play with you. Would you be interested? You know, once you thinking about your, kinda like Tyler Perry was doing. Yeah. Yeah. And I, And I was like, of course. And then we hung up and then he called me back like, well what are you doing this weekend?


Because You know Martin is on his what now tour. Right. Right. And, and he stops in Baltimore, You know, he's from Maryland. I'm like, y'all know everything about Martin. Martin was one of my favorite actors coming up. Like, You know. And so he was like, yeah, would you mind opening up for him? You got 10 minutes to come. And I was like, shit, I got an hour lying, lying. And so soon as I hung up, I called my brother. I'm like, yo, I get to open up for Martin. I only been on stage two or three times. I need you to help me. He helped me that day of the show. I went out there. It was me, Melanie Camacho. And he had one other person. I forget who it was. And then he went on. I went out there. I forgot everything me and my brother wrote down and everything. Oh Lord. But because I was home and it was Baltimore City And I knew the lingo, I knew what they loved. I knew what I know.


We loved some damn crabs. Yeah, I know. You know, I born and raised there. I can only speak to my city, who better. So killed it. Killed it. Did a solid good 10, 12 minutes. And Martin was right there standing on the side. 'cause he wanted to see how I did. Right. And it was amazing. That was Your big Break. And that's when I was like, I'm gonna do this. Right. Give me your Mount Rushmore, Baltimore comedians. Hmm. Huh. No, You know what, don't do Baltimore. Yeah. I'm gonna take it broad. You get four comedians. 'cause a lot of times people be trying to put seven, eight people on Mount Rushmore. There's only four. Yeah. There's only four. Right. There's only four Here. Damn. So gimme your Mount Rushmore comedians. Hmm. Pass the dead or alive.


It does not matter. Yeah. Man, woman, it does not matter. You can have four women, you can have four men. You can do it both. Mix and match. It does not matter. Give me Jess. Hilarious. If she said, okay, Jess, who are your Mount Rushmore comedians? Hmm. Bernie Mac, Katt Williams, Kevin Hart. Oh, that last one? Mm Mm Make sure. I'm just gonna say Jess. Hilarious. 'cause I wanted, I wanted to, You know, it's, it is hard.


It's, it's hard. I you You went with a lot of the, a lot of the modern comedians. Yeah. And not, and didn't, and didn't go far, didn't go back too much. Like Richard Pry, like Eddie Murphy. Yeah. No. 'cause I'm, I'm gonna be completely honest with you, I didn't study them. I didn't really watch them. Right. You know what I mean? Okay. I didn't. Touring with comedians, what's that like going on the road with comedians? Do y'all interact or do you Hey, I'm in my dressing room when it's time for me to go out, I go out, I go back, I boom, I'm, I'm out. Me, I don't really interact a lot with Or you stand standoffish with People. No, no, no. I, I'm staying my space. That's what I'm, because You know, just, I, it's, it's a lot that goes into it.


You know what I mean? And then not that I'm not friendly, You know what I mean? But I treat work, like work. Okay. You know what I mean? You Ain't trying to get close to nobody, huh? No, I, and, and it's not even purposely. I'm not trying, I just don't, You know, it's a lot of just, I, no, I don't. I I'm not, you won't catch me hanging out. Okay. You know, the most hanging out that I've done is on Wilding out. You know, I love my wilding Out family. Right. I love all those comics there and everything. But yeah, that's, that's, but that's it though. You know, I will say like, people, Like, You know, what is his name? Bill Bellamy. He's a great person. I, Mike Epps. Mike Epps was the first person to call me to drop Gs.


Like, like he was the first person that I actually talked to that I could say like was mentoring me Right. About ownership and just, just a lot of different things. Like where I think he made mistakes in his first, I mean, in, in the early getting started. Yeah. And then he would make things clear to me so I can not make those same mistakes and things like that. You mentioned being on the road, Mike Epps, Ricky Smiley, Monique and Bruce. Bruce. What's, what's some of the crazy story? Because these, this is the old guard. I, I mean I used to see Bruce Bruce in Atlanta. Monique's been at a while. Mike Epps been at this thing, You know, probably three decades. Ricky Smiley's been at the same thing. What are the, when, when you are on the road, do you, do you try to pick their brain and try to get, get info or how to do this thing?


How to go about it? Am I doing it right? What, what should I do different? Are you, You know, trying to get advice? No, you're not. No, I'm not trying to get advice and I don't, yeah, no, I don't try because this is the thing, yo, I don't even like to watch other people stand up because I don't, it's very easy to emulate somebody without doing it. What? I'm subconscious let you do it. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, I, I remember this one day I watched Sebastian, I forgot his last name. He was a comedian. I watched him all day And I had a show that night And I went on stage And I found myself speaking like this man. And I'm like, ah, I can't do that. You know, but, so I don't watch standup. I don't try to pick anybody's brain.


I will say Lunelle and Leslie Jones. Okay. Those Two, they, they're really, really good women. I love those two women to death. Like they, anytime that they feel the need something is laid on their heart, they reach out to me. Right. And they, I don't even ask them for advice. They just give it and give it. And I love those two. Right. Because they're very supportive of me. I had Cat on and he said just hilarious is one of his favorite up and coming comedians. Yeah. I saw that. I saw that list. Kat was doing a lot of things up here. So when they saw me, you caught A, I caught a lot of flag when, Listen, it took me, first of all, it took me four days to watch all night.


You know, 'cause I ain't, y'all was up here for 10 hours. I was like, damn, I hope Shannon ain't had nobody else after him. But, but listen, they, I started watching it, and then everybody called on my phone. Yo, you seen what Katt Williams said. I'm like, what'd he say? Like, You know. Yeah. Did he say Something? And I'm like, then they sent me, they said, no. He said it was great. And I went and watched it And I said, okay, good. Let me breathe. Because I had only heard about everybody else that he didn't have anything nice to say about. So I was like, oh God, how the hell would I do? You know? But I'm glad because he's actually one of my favorite comedians too, like his earlier stuff. Oh my God. I love Kat. I I grew up on Katt Williams. The interview. You mentioned that interview.


What did you think? Hmm? I think you didn't have to ask no questions. You didn't had to have. I You didn't. And you didn't. But why they get mad at me though, Jess. I don't know why they got mad. They shouldn't have got mad at you. First of all, listen, Kat only do interviews when he got something to say Yes. Right? Yes. It ain't like you called him and said, look, come up here. I got some things. I been, I have been trying to get him for a year. I Get it. Yeah. And You know, he don't, he drives everywhere. He takes the bus. And so he was gonna be on this side of town. Yeah. And You know, I met a lady that hitting her job and she was going to be his executive assistant. Yeah. So I've been trying to line him up for a year. I talked to her one Friday, the following Friday. He's sitting on the couch.


Mm. And so now, mind you, when he comes in, he's already on one. Yeah. That's what, that's what I'm saying. He's al So I don't know why they got mad at you. I'm telling I tell you one thing though. It was good for you. It was, and it was good for him, too. It was Good for you. It was, it was great for me. Yeah. It was so, it, it, it, it, it, it really put me on the map. Yeah. Yeah. It, it put me on the map and it made people take my platform. Very, very serious. Serious. And advertising sponsors took notice of that. Yep. And a lot of good. And hopefully he, it was mutually beneficial to him. Absolutely. But, You know, he had a lot to say about gatekeepers. Yeah. Yeah. Do you believe there's such a thing? Yeah, I do. I do believe they're, I believe it kicks in if a certain person don't like you, maybe you said something to offend the friend of someone, or You know, you, or You know, you offend a, a community of people or whatever, however it goes.


Yeah. There is always someone who makes that decision, or maybe a group of people that makes that decision whether or not to indulge in affairs with this person or, You know, business, You know? Yeah. I do believe in gatekeeping, though. Where are you on joke? Stealing? Because Kat had a lot to say about joke, stealing. He felt, he said a joke, said, stole the joke. But he used a different apparatus. One guy used the caddy, the other guy used a spaceship. Hmm. Some people say, bro, if it's that serious, write a new joke. If it was that easy for him to steal the joke, the joke wasn't that deep to begin with. Where, where is Jess? Hilarious. On joke, stealing. Listen, I remember a time when I first started comedy, right?


Telling you I never studied the art of it. I didn't know. And I, I set at a show and there was this comedian from Baltimore, right. And she had a joke about squirting. Right. I didn't like the way she told it. Right. So I said, all right, I'm gonna take it, spin it around, throw a little Jess on that bitch, and I'm gonna retell it. Right? And I did that. And there is a comedian og by the name of Larry Lancaster, who had pulled me to the side at the end of that show and was like, Hey, you can't do that. You know, because this comedian did that. That's very big in this culture. You cannot do that. And, You know, in the culture of comedy, right?


You cannot still. And I was like, damn, even if I remix it, it's not stealing. It's just, it's the same idea. Right? But he said, no, 'cause you went online and said that you were going to steal the joke. And I did do that, right? So I was like, I just didn't know the rules of it. But that was the first and the last time I'd ever done something like that, You know? And, and, And I didn't realize why she was so mad. Like, damn, what? Just write another joke or tell it better than me, And I give it back to you. You know what I mean? But it was, but I'm like, nah, this is really an art, right? This is really rules to this thing. You know? You can't do that. Right? And so, yeah, that's, I mean, I, I guess people look at it like a song. Yeah.


If you s say, if I sang the song and then you come behind it and sing it, well write a better song. No, bro, you stole my Song. No, you stole my stuff, man. And no, you got to give it back. It ain't yours. So, yeah. I, I do not steal jokes. Yeah. And that is it


When it comes to college basketball and March mania, one thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets buzzer beaters. Cinderellas advances top seeds. Going home early is all going to happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with Draft King Sports book. With live betting exclusive content, promos and parlays. Draftking is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple. First time. Here's something special just for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sports book. Download the Draftking Sports book app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction boy in Ontario one, no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms, and responsible gaming resources.


Tell me the process of writing a set. Hmm. So lemme ask you a question. How long are your sets? 30 minutes. I am on stage when I headline. Hour and 15 minutes. Hour And 15 minutes. So tell me the process. So say you doing, you do week, Thursday, Friday, maybe you got two shows Friday, two shows Saturday, blah, blah, blah. Okay. And you're gonna be on the road for let's say six weeks. Yeah. How do you go about writing a set that's gonna be able to stand the test of time for that six weeks And you probably gonna be on stage 25 to 30 times? Hmm. So, see, I don't really write jokes out because I found that when I do that, I sound very rehearsed.


Okay. So what I do is I have bullets. Okay. And I have a writer session every week with my brother, the one who opens up for me. Okay. My teacher Desi Alexander. And, And we just bounce off, off of each other, You know? And I don't, yeah, I don't really like to write really, You know, I have 30 minutes set crafted for when I do 30 minutes, then I have a 20 minute set when I do features on other shows, like when I open up for Bill Bellamy and Bruce Bruce and all those people, You know, things like that. DL Hughley and Ricky Smiley and all that. Right? But I, yeah, I don't, I don't really write, I, it's all up in here. Right. I just have bullets. And that's, that's how that goes.


A lot of people. A lot of people. And they pulled me to the side to say, Shannon, there's a lot. Look, it wasn't so much of what Kat said is that he pulled a curtain back and allowed people to see something that we've been trying to keep secret. Hmm. And so I think that's really, now, now look, he called out a lot of people. Yeah. A lot, a lot of prominent powerful people. Yeah. But it was more so that what he allowed people to see. Yeah. Because I don't think the, the, the, the general consensus is damn is that kind of animosity and vitriol in the, in the comedic community. Yeah. I didn't know that.


Yeah. He was letting me things, letting me know things I didn't know either. Like, I watching it, I'm like, dang, I, I didn't know that. You know what I mean? Yes. And, but those were different times. And You know, it's Better now. I but it's hard for you to know 'cause you don't really get down with anybody. So you do your own thing And you out. Nope. Yep. I know some comics will get mad at you for doing shows with people that they got beef with, and so they won't put you on a show. So what I'm supposed to do not eat Unless you or me or somebody, And you can just do shows on your own. Right. You know what I mean? Like Yeah. That's, that's, you kind of gotta play the game. And that's, that's so weird to me. It's Like, you don't, you don't strike me as somebody that like to play games.


Hell no. Not no game. Not ever. You ever got into it with comedians? Have I ever gotten into it with a comedian? Hell yeah. I got into it with a comedian About what? Hmm. You know, go fish through them cards. I know you got, so No, we ain't got it in here. We You be knowing stuff. YI don't know nothing, Jess. Mm. I mean, I just, I I just, You know, I thought you was gonna be, You know, Like, You know, we just, we you Thought I was gonna be like ka Yeah. Come up here with something to say and be like, look, this bro. No, I'm just saying. I'm just, I I'm just asking you what was it about? Yeah. Well, Corey Holcomb, that, that is a comedian that I got into it with. I did a, a photo shoot with my son and it went viral.


I was naked, my son was not, I had on, my son had on Jordan's, only thing I had on was Jordan's and Socks. Right. Okay. And he was covering me. Right. He was covering my boobs and my private area, and he had on clothes, and I did the shoot. I posted it, it goes viral. Right. The next morning I wake up to Corey Holcomb calling me a, a whore and You know, a black whore and saying that my son would be gay. And this is why a lot of our young black men are gay because of black whores, like just hilarious and things like that. And he was just, do You know him going in? I do not. No. I still have not got the chance to see this man.


You don't need to see him. That was the reason why I went to Walden out to see this man. And you And he wasn't there that day. No, I made the show, but I'm like, I thank you, Nick. But where's, where's Corey? He's on. No, he ain't here. So why you? Because You know why I'm coming up here, Nick. Because that's why you reached out to him. Because I flamed him. I, I was roasting him back to back three days straight. And that's why you reached out, Nick. You knew I wanted to see him. He said, no, but you got on the show. Thank You. You let it go now? Hell no. I ain't let it go. No, I didn't let it go. I mean, it's, it's, it's, it wasn't even so much about him talking about me. You don't say that kind of thing about somebody child.


You know what I mean? Right. You just, you just don't say stuff like that, You know? But then I realize he don't have a relationship with his mother, You know what I mean? He doesn't have a relationship with his kids. He told one of his kids after them, he'll make another one. You know? So it's, You know, and, and he, the way he talks about his family, You know, something like, huh. He has other issues, obviously, You know, very dirty person. Right. Yeah. Tell me, what's the audition process like for Wild and Out? They, you? Well, how it was for me, I don't know how, how it's changed, but, well, I don't even think it's gonna be no while now, but really did that. Oh yeah. What happened? Because they sawing that and Zeus network.


Viacom. Oh, they want it back, huh? Yeah. Well, apparently they ain't take it. Nick, Nick didn't take it. Well. Well, yeah, that's what they saying. They saying that he took the whole idea and the whole concept of wilding out and took it over to Zeus with Lamel and them over there. So, oh, that's what they saying. So ain't no wilding out now, I don't think. But either way, the question that you had asked me refresh my mind again, because now How, how do you audition? How do you, how do you audition for a, a while? And I, and then how do you make the show? Okay, back wait. 'cause I don't know how it's changed, but back then you go, they, they'll have it at a hotel, like in one of the banquet halls or whatever.


And then you go in there and then Nick wants you to joke on the spot, You know, go back and forth with somebody or like a, a rap battle. 'cause the, the thing is wild style. Everybody's favorite thing is wild style. It wasn't my favorite thing. 'cause I ain't just think of Valentine. That girl can rap for days and days. I'm top ball. But they, they'll have you do that and they'll give you a topic And you just spit jokes on it. Okay. You know what I mean? And then you'll just go back and forth with somebody, like cracking on them, joking and roasting and stuff. And then if they like you enough, he'll tell you, okay, yeah, I got you. You you are on it. Or we'll call you back. Something like that. See, he already knew what I was capable of. That's why he reached out anyway, so I didn't have to go through a second right step, You know, I just got it.


What's your favorite moment of the show? Do you get upset? Because some, Hey man, they be going in hard. Some Jess, Hey, I, hey, I might had a swig on somebody. Oh, trust me. People want, people have, guests have canceled. Guests have sent in stuff like, look, I'm gonna come up there, but y'all can't talk about thi thi this and this, And y'all talk about this, this, this, And 85 South, which is Carlos Chi DC and Chico. They'd be like, well, why you coming up here? 'cause you already know. We don't, we don't go by that. We don't play. We, man, come on now. And then Nick let, let us do what we want. Right on the show. It's like, whatever. We joke Nick, You know, Nick is always the butter of the joke. So it's like, whatever. Except Chico. Chico got him.


Good man. Ooh, them three. Stay on Nick. Like, oh my God. I don't even know how I would've been put them off my show. I don't Care. Yeah, you yeah, yeah. Bye. Yeah. But yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I love them though. Nick, what's your favorite? What? Who's your favorite Wild And I guest? Mm. The favorite Wilding out guest or a cast member? Guest guest. Hmm. I ain't gonna lie, I don't got no favorite wild enough guest. I ain't, I ain't gonna hold you. The best episode that I watched though, I Ain't Gonna Lie, was the one with T Payne and the one with Chance the Rapper. I wasn't there. I was off filming other things, but yeah, I, I can't really say Wendy Williams.


I ain't gonna lie. I got to meet Wendy Williams and she knew who I was And I roasted her. She talked about me on her show after that, shortly after that. She, after she came. But Wendy Williams was very fun. She was very fun. Right. She came, she played the game. She wasn't scared of nobody. She know how she is, so, yeah. She said, all right, y'all bring it on. Right. I love that. How is Nick as a boss? Nick is, Nick is good God. Fair man. He prays before every show. He's, he's really, really a good dude. I will always and forever respect Nick for this. So I did two seasons a while ago, right. And then I got casted for the sitcom row on Fox.


Right. And I was gonna be series lead. And so that meant that I had to move to LA And I, I couldn't shoot wilding out. And there was a season of that coming up. And so I went And I talked to Nick. I said, Nick, there's this show I wanna do season, whatever it was, of wilding out, but I got casted, You know, to Dore. And I said, yo, go. What you talking about? This will always be your home. Whenever you wanna come back, or even if you don't, whatever, you always got a place Wow. On this show. Wow. That made me cry, dog. That was, that. That was dope. He was like, yo, I, I see more for you. I see this for you. I saw this for you. Go ahead And you just come back when you're done. Right. Like, while I was gonna be here You Until it Ain't in private.


You, you rag on Rick Nick about all them kids In private, in public. I be like, damn, come on now, man. Yeah. I just felt like, I don't know know, in my opinion, I felt like that marriage messed that man up. And now he's overcompensating for something he couldn't compensate for. Hmm. That's just what it is. You know, he may get angry at that. It wouldn't be the first time Nick got mad at me about a comment. Right. But, You know, I just, I don't know. And not to say that he's just making kids for the fun of it, but Yeah. Seem like he Making kids for The photo. You know? That's, that's what it seems like. But I know he loves all of his children. Yes. Dearly, You know, but yeah. I'm just like, God damn, you're purposely doing this.


Yeah. You're purposely doing this. So You blame him or the lady that's allowing him to know he's purposely doing this. Hmm. Well, I would honestly say it would've to be on the woman. Right? Yeah. Because it's your body. He ain't the one having the kids. Men. And he, and You know it. Yeah. Men can't have kids. Right. I'm gonna say it for the people in the back. Men can't have kids. Right. So, You know, it's the women, maybe the first two, You know, you make that decision. Maybe the first two, they didn't know. Yeah. But 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 Left. Well, yeah, come on now. And then the one that's brewing right now, probably, if it is one, I don't know. I don't know. But we never know because ever since they said Elon Musk got 13 now, meek, Mel and Nick and all of them, they like, oh no, we can't.


We, we must, but Elon Musk, we must, But Elon Musk is worth 430 billions. That, that's why I keep trying to tell his n There's a different difference. Because one thing niggas gonna do is n And I keep telling him, y'all, y'all can't nig with him. Yes. No, no, no. Yes. You can't do that. Copy. Yeah. And, and, and Meek, for Meek Mel to say, yo, I can't let Elon Musk have more baby mothers than me. Sorry. You're looking at it wrong. Elon Musk made what, $177 billion in the last 30 days. Yeah. What your mindset should be. And I can't let this man, how did this man is rich? I need to get on that. But you're talk, your mind is so in the bottom, you Thinking about babies.


Whatcha Talking about This bad? Thinking about dollars. Exactly. Come on now. Okay. You said Nick is suing Viacom. He's suing Viacom is suing him. Yes. It said that that's, that was the in the headlines right now what? The bad versus Wild show. Bad versus Wild. And, and Zeus. It ain't only Nick is Zeus network. Right? Yeah. You know,


buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, realtime insight and more. All the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task, or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home@oneaddressrocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream.


Yo. What's good It is Jeff C from Club five 20 podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland v Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen gets shot looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas v. Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic. 'cause we came to play Bring the Magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


What about Drake? This, this Drake suing Universal about what transpired with him and Kendrick. Yeah. Over this. I mean, this might be the greatest disc song ever. Yeah, no, it is. I thought with no Vaseline, I thought I hit him up. I thought Ether. Yeah. A sheather with Remy Ma. Which she would that I was like, hold on. But this five Grammys, I mean, and he headlined the Super Bowl. Yes. And number one on the charts again. And Why wouldn't he perform that song? What, yeah, you got to, yeah, you got to Now that's like your Best joke. And you don't go tell, you not gonna tell it. What you mean? I ain't gonna tell it on my special. What, please. Oh, I'm getting that One. Yep. I don't care who, who would make mad. It is, it is what it is now.


'cause there's like a double sided thing with that. Okay. Now, while rap is rap, there are no rules. Yeah. You hit below the belt. Kendrick just went to hell with it, You know? So That's how I am Jeff. And I know How you are. If you go low, I ain't going low. I'm going to hell. Yep. That's right. I, I love you Michelle Obama, but nah, we going have to take it down there. Yeah. Yeah. I, And I get it, but I will say Drake does have a valid argument when it comes to losing brands over such an accusation. Oh yeah. Like, You know, the pedophile thing. Yeah. And you saying that, You know, I, I like little girls And, You know what I mean? It's just, and that, that surely could cost you some business, You know, some money it could sponsors and endorsements and all of that type of stuff, You know, going as far as Suing Universal, because I say y'all.


Yeah. Because these are, this is For people And these are the people that they Helped You, you where you are. Right. And that, that gives you the tricks of the trade. Right. And because some of your songs, I don't know how the hell they made it to number one the way. Yeah. Like what's the, the twosy slide? Yeah. I don't, and that went number one. I'm so now You know how, whether, You know, they use those tricks of the trade for Kendrick, whether they did that or not, you once benefited from that. Correct. You know, so that's the Part with tricky. The same thing you had a problem with helped you get to where you got Yeah. Now you gonna turn around and sue. Yeah.


So I think he's stepping into something that he probably would regret later. Lemme ask you a question. You think he's lost business because of the the peto accusation? Yeah. Yeah. I do. I really, really do. And I honestly think that's why he's been also just like quiet as well. And then going to the all these other countries to perform Right. And things where, where all of that stuff in America ain't really like there to bother him as much. Right. In Australia. Right. Ain't nobody ain't gonna be, You know, People because people like, it's just words. I don't like people playing my name jam. Yeah. I Get it. And I get it. And, and, and like you said, they maybe that accusation has caused them some advertiser sponsors Yes.


And things of that business opportunities. Yeah. Because there are people playing with my name And I was just Like, You know what? And I had to ask myself, And I went to my agency, I said, look, has anybody, has I lost any business because of what they're alleging? It's like, no. Okay. So I I let it go because if had I had, then I'm gonna have to see some of these people I'm gonna see. So what you own. That's Right. That's right. Now. But see, your accusations ain't as bad as the accusations that he, like when somebody call you a pedophile. Right. And then a cer then he threw the certified on it. Yeah. You I'm, I'm not just a pedophile.


Yeah. I'm a certified pedophile. You got papers and everything. What? You know, because You know, you, when you are certified, you got papers. Damn right. Hey, no school district can't still live, stay here. Can't stay there. Nope. You gotta check in. That's right. So that's like you say that if I was, and if I was tied to any business with Drake, I would be looking like, all right, well what's up? What's going on? Well, they say, well you talked about that man family, you say this, this, your child ain't here. So you saying, Hey, if you go low, we go into hell. Yeah. But that ain't got no weight up against the, the, those rumors, You know, I mean that accusation. So I get it, I guess Situation just where you step on my toe and somebody knock you out. Yeah. And you like, bro, you ain't have to do it like that.


You could The same. Right. You, You know what I'm saying? Because Kendrick went all the way Off and, but he did say he did give a warning in euphoria. Yeah, he did. He said, all right, I'm gonna chill out. But You know what I'm saying, I ain't He gave the warning. Yeah. Like yo. Right. But I ain't gonna lie, he ate him up in euphoria even more than not like us. Yeah. He called Drake a p Kendrick. I mean, Drake called Kendrick a woman beater. Then Kendrick called Drake a pedophile. I mean, yeah. Was it about Awo you think? Do you think this initiated? Mm. About did it have anything to do with the women? Because we know guys, we would a, we ram we'll butt heads about a female. I honestly don't think it had anything to do with women. Okay. I think that's more so like a Drake thing.


Okay. I think Drake would get mad over a woman before Kendrick would, And I don't know either one of these brothers. But Knowing what I, well what we've all seen and how we know Drake is a very emotional person. Kendrick is a very healed person. Like, he rap like he is in therapy currently. Yes. You know what I mean? And he goes deep with things. Yeah. I think that, that I don't think's about a woman. Yeah. He path do Listen. He rapping for ancestors and everything. Yes. You know, once upon a time we was like the business I, oh lord. Yeah. You know, so. Yeah. Yeah. I, I don't, I don't think it was over a woman. I don't What about DJ academics taking shots at you while seemingly supporting Drake?


You could, You know, do You know him? Have you ever met him? I ain't never met his fat ass in my life. Lord have mercy. Never, I had never met him in my life And I never will because he's always in the basement. So Jazz. Hmm. Always in the basement child. I don't why, Why, why people, why, why people come for us. I don't, I don't know Shannon. You know, I guess because we're very confident people. Yes. People love to see you win until You win. You Win. You know what I mean? They love, they, they want you, they want you to be cocky.


No. They want you to win, but they don't want you to be cocky with it. They don't want you to celebrate yourself. They, they put a ceiling. People will put a ceiling on you. Ain't no ceiling over here. I'm going straight up. Right. I don't care how long it takes me to get there. I'm not gonna play no games. Right. I'm not gonna cut no corners. Right. You know what I mean? Unless it's all legitimate. Right. But people put a ceiling on you And I think that's the problem. People don't wanna see you winning until you surpass what winning to them look Like. Right. Right. You know, and then now it's a problem. Oh, she need to calm down or Oh, he need to calm down. Yeah. Like, no, don't get above yourself. Well why? Right. Why, why are you trying to keep me humble? Right. What is that? No. Why you are. Right. Because the thing is, when I was at, when I was at Fox and my termin And I, I got ended up let go people like, man, unc, they did you wrong, yada, yada yada.


Then I start winning ESPN pick me up, I'm on a bigger platform. That's right. My podcast. I start another podcast and it goes And so now everybody got a problem. Yep. I'm the same Shannon, I was the same Shannon that y'all love. When I supported Colin Kaepernick, I was the same Shannon that when things transpired that I spoke positive about my people. Ain't nothing changed. No. I'm just winning a little more. And now it's a Problem. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't get that about us Because they put a ceiling on you. You weren't supposed to do all of that. You weren't supposed to. You were supposed to just fall by the wayside and do what they had in their mind for you to do.


But you surpassed a lot Right. Of people's expectations. When you, when you see negative comments about Jess, do you, what's, what's the first thing that goes through your mind? I'm gonna get their ass. But then it's ah, but then it's like I've, I've, I am reformed. I have come so much further than that. And my growth in that is just like, look, you can't beat everybody. You can't respond to everybody. You can't win 'em all. Listen. Yeah. It is like whatever. You can't go to war with everybody. You can't go to war with everybody. No, You can't. But you'd be thinking about I'm gonna get 'em. I do. Yeah, because 'cause listen, if a comment gets you crazy, I like to go to your page and scroll and, and, and don't have your, don't have it public.


And I can scroll down and look at you and look at your, your parents and see who made you and see who you look like. And, And You talk crazy like that. Jess Look like your dad. I'm gonna tell you. Yeah. Yeah. So, mm. Yeah. Now I don't talk about nobody kids though, but the, yeah. Don't try me. That's it. You never talk. Kids are always gonna be off. Oh, hell Yeah. Yeah. I believe once you talk about somebody, kids, they can say anything to you. They, it don't matter. Don't it, don't, ma don't talk about nobody's children. Y'all. And, And you can say anything back. I don't care what it is. Right. You see whatever you can to hit below somebody.


Talk about your children. Children are innocent. You Talked about this a little earlier. The TV show with LilRel. Yes. On Fox with Sinbad. So tell me, tell me, tell me a little bit about it. It was amazing. It was amazing working with Sinbad. Like he dropped so many G Yes. He dropped so many gems. That was the person. 'cause I'm trying to see and think, when you ask me a little bit earlier, anybody ever give you any advice? Sinbad. But it wasn't, it wasn't for standup. It was just like in general life, life lessons. Yeah. But he is a comedian That did give me advice on that set. It was, it was nice. It was amazing working. That was the first time I'd ever been a part of a big production like that.


They treated me well. Money was great. Money great. You know, especially coming from wild, not Yes. I was like, okay, Fox. What? Okay. I got my old pocket spot. I got, You know, yeah. Money, I get money to eat and all types of stuff. It is. So listen Fox, they treat their people well. So Yes. But it was amazing. And then Rel had a different OG come every single episode. So he, that, that's what was unique about his show. So Florence from the Jeffersons? Yes. Marley. Yes. Oh, Marley Gi. She was there, she was amazing. Then he would ha he had Leon.


Leon ain't got no last name. Leon is, we know Leon the temptation. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's just Leon. Yeah, Leon, he was there. And it is Leon still fine too, but it just, just a series of OGs and just like people before our time who came and who was still like, they're season, but they are like vets and they, they came through and they showed up for him, You know, for that, that that first season. And although the show was canceled, canceled, canceled. Yeah. You didn't have to say it. I, I was gonna say it. Okay. But Bobby, damn, he made sure it got canceled Real. No, but, but I wa I wanted to ask, I mean, after 12 episodes it got canceled. So how did that make you feel? I mean, did you think you was gonna get picked up for season two?


I did. I did. I honestly, I did. I thought we were going to get picked up. While I felt like the writing could have been better And I felt like it could have depict us more. It was a lot of people pleasing happening because Hmm. You really gotta be careful how you move in terms of making a project based on a culture.


Like, based on our culture. Right. You know, it's, it is going on Fox, You know what I mean? And, and at first I wasn't even gonna be casted because they thought that I was too green for it. And those terms, she has never done this before. So we don't, basically, we don't trust that she will be a great, You know, commodity for the show. But Ro picked me and, and also Carmichael. Yeah. Gerard Carmichael picked me, fought for me to be in there along with Rel as well. But it was just a lot of things that we didn't resonate with that they wanted to change the script too. And, and Raul would push back and Gerard would push back and, You know, but I just think, I just think You think they should have been a little bit more Mal, been more but flexible.


Could You know? It, it just could have been. And I think that's what we were missing on the show. But You know, you learn and it was re's first show And I think honestly it was even too early for him to have a show of his own. You, you mentioned that those TV checks, they hit different, Especially over there at Fox. You, you had spent, you had spent a couple of them checks already expecting the next new season. Listen, I still got a lot of money from Fox. What? Yes. I still do. I still get money from, while now they always send me like $9 88 Cent checks every now and then. You know, I can use that. I used that. Do what? Go to Chipotle. Get a couple Apple juices.


So, You know something, Lemme ask you a question. What is something that you wish you knew before you got into the TV business? Hmm. Something that I wish I knew before I got into the TV business. Because I think if you were to, if you were to do another TV show, you would be even more prepared than you were with that one. Because You know things that you didn't know when you did that one. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. I I honestly, I honestly don't wish I knew anything be before I, I would literally do this all over again.


Okay. I, I would, I would, I would, as it relates to people though, I wish I knew certain agendas or the agendas of certain people. Okay. That, that claims, You know, to be so close. Me. Oh, I love you. Like, you like family. You know what I mean? I, I I wish I knew the agendas of certain people. Okay. You know? Yeah. Which is why I don't hang out with people in the industry.


I don't like to receive advice from everybody. I don't even like everybody praying for me. No, they're not. They praying but not for the good though. That's right. So I don't even Yeah. But You know, I pray for you. Don't please Don't why you Do that, Don? Because I already know What the go say God should have told you. Look, she don't want you to give. She told me don't be accepting prayers from you for her. So, You know LilRel is really LIL rel now? No. Oh hell yeah. Why Did everybody believe that? Man on zip. They, he need to put the t the two T's. Yeah. In the name. Not just little. It is little Rel now he is literally little Rel now. He's, I mean I had him all, he thin, he thin, thin.


Yeah. Jess people think he on that Zippit. Yeah. And he said he is not Well he got that package. He said What package? What package is that? It's On the card. But You know, You know, You know when black people, you, you lose a little weight. Black people. Oh, you talking about that? Yeah. Man, You know, you can't lose a little weight bro. No black person. I know you. Damn right. And that's, that's in any city. I ain't even gonna say that's growing up in Baltimore City, in any city where it's black people, you, you getting sick. What's going like, damn, you can't that gonna lose weight around no black people. I got a gym membership, I just lost three pounds. That's it. I'm on crack. Like, all right. We lose weight, You know? But Why we like that Rick? Why we like that Jess?


That's how we grew up. Yes. A drastic change. Yeah. Something going on. Yep. And, And if you big, I mean, if you small And you blow up, you on Depot. That's what they say for the women on, she must have got that Depro vera shot, that birth control. Yep. You know, but I, I don't, I don't know. I, he said that he wasn't, we had him up at Breakfast Club. He, he totally turned down the rumors of being on Ozempic and he said he's working out and he said he's the happiest he is ever been in his life. You know, because I know he was supposed to get married. 'cause when he came on us, he was supposed to get married. Yeah. He's married. He's married. Okay. I believe he is married. I don't No, no.


Nah. He might, he might be. 'cause he refers to her as his wife. So they, they may have gotten married already. The BL Do you think Hollywood is this, is this what women just want to do or there is a pressure, a societal pressure to do this? I think, I think a lot of people are not happy with their bodies. And now that there, there is a way that you can change that, You know, and at first it really wasn't affordable to a lot of people. Okay. But now it is, you can put, you can make payments on, You know, your surgery and everything. And I used to joke about it, but it's Like, You know what, if there is something seriously wrong with you to you and Now you have all of these resources Right.


To fix it. Right. You know, why not go ahead. I just, I just wish women would do it in moderation. Yeah. Like all these repeat offenders. I know girls that go and get lipo twice a year. Yeah. Yeah. Like they, You know, And I ain't working out what I look like working out. I can call doctor such and such. Yeah. You can also die too dummy. Yes. Like, I don't, You know what I'm saying? Like, you just because you've done this before, you don't ever have in your mind that this may be the time I, I don't wake up. This may be they may hit an artery or a nerve or something in a vein and You know.


Yeah. But but the thing is, I mean, some of 'em, they, it it's just too ridiculous. Crazy. Yeah. I mean, it should be subtle. I look, if you wanna do it, that's your body. Yeah. Let it be subtle. But when it's looking, I'm like, and everybody like You. Exactly. You Know, come on now. I know, I know. I mean, you can't, you can't be 150 pounds with a 55, a 50 pound booty. I know. Yeah. Yeah. Or when you, Or When you already start off 300 pounds and then you go get lipo, you get the fat sucked out the middle part and then now is, I don't know. Yeah. It look like one of the, They wanna be like, they wanna be like, like they have these little teeny tiny weight.


Yes. Look, come on Now you Big up here. Yeah. And then you big down there. Damn. And it, and it, it is just not proportioned. Right. You know, even if You got a big butt, your back can't be bo mind and think it, it's sexy. That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. Mm. Would you do, would you do Well, would I do it? Yeah. I wouldn't do it again. I I've actually had a fat transfer and I've had my boobs done. Yes. I mean, I, I don't, I don't really think, I don't really, people don't really look at boobs like that as something drastic, but when they get Oh Yeah. Something Yeah. When they get BBLs and they, they keep going back and getting fillers Yeah. And all that other stuff. Come on. Now. See I got my BL back when it was called a, a fat transfer. Okay. It wasn't called a BL yet.


Okay. Because I didn't get my butt lifted. That's why I said, I don't know why they called it a Brazilian butt lift. It was, it was called a fat transfer. Okay. Before, And I got it done in Atlanta and, and it, it was fine. But when I went, my doctor had told me like, look, yo, you don't got enough fat to be, I said, listen, Whatever you got, pull It out. I'm like, Gina waters, I, I got a lot of muscle on my sides. I've never had hips give me hips please. Right. And he was like, Would you have hip dip? I, yeah. Like, I would like it would be dented Yeah. In. And I'm like, yo, I'm tired of looking strong. Like I just, You know. Yeah. I want, I want some type of you Want some cur. Yeah. Yeah. You Know? Yeah. Yeah. And so he, sorry, we gonna fill it out as much as we can, but one thing you need to know about fat when you take it out and all the fluid drain from it, it's not what it looks like.


So you're gonna, the swelling's gonna go down. It's probably gonna look the same. I said, do it anyway. Yeah. And so that's why people don't believe that I did get a BBO because it doesn't really look like it. But I think I got one of the most natural looking surgeries ever. Hmm. Doctor who? But your sister called you out for that, huh? Yeah, that heifer tried me real bad 'cause she got fired. Why you tell her? Because she my god sister, I've been knowing this girl since I was two years old. So why she tell you to you? Because I got, I fired her. She was working for me. She was my driver. Listen, I didn't even have a job opportunity for her. I created Right. A job for this girl. Right.


And oh my God, it hurt me so bad that she did that. And she claimed it hurt her so bad because I fired her and yeah. She, she had children and You know, What'd she do? So why did you fire? I fired her because she wasn't doing her damn job. Listen, this girl, we was on the road, right? And this girl stole my wig and my car to go do something, go meet. I don't know if it was the meet or guy or something. We, And we in another city who, You know how You know somebody down here in Florida and why would you take my wig? I supposed to wear it on stage tonight. You can still wear it that night. But she was gonna use it that day. I Sure did wear it on stage that night when she gave it back.


But she gonna gonna come in there with some flowers And you took my car. And then the security I had at the time, he liked that too. So he ain't even tell me. And so I woke up like, oh, Shay was supposed to have been back. She went to go get something for you the whole time though. She went to get something for her. She got it. Yeah. And, and she probably had the wig on too. She did. I get back, my wig all smelly. I'm like, what's going on here? You, You want sex wig out there on the stage? Yeah. So, and sex, somebody else sex wig. I'm like, your Uhuh. I gave her a wig after the show. Look. And, and you're fired. So that's it. So How hard is to work with family? Oh my God, Everybody say, because you hear a lot. Some people say it's okay. Some people say no. Family and friends when it comes to business.


Yeah. When it comes to work relationship. Leave it alone. Leave it alone. Yeah. Sometimes it can work Shannon. Sometimes it can, but oftentimes it will not. And then sometimes it starts off great and it can go for years and years and years. And then a person, you'll see the jealousy you'll see because now they're paying attention to your pockets. Yeah. Yeah. What, so what you are going to do, what you could do for them. Right. You know, and, and how you can, and then sometimes people wanna be you And you don't even realize that. You know what I mean? And so they become, it, it, at first, at first it feels like a weird obsession.


And until they get upset with you about something, and then they start telling you they are the reason that you are where you are. You know what I mean? So Yeah. I I You ain't tell that one joke. Mm. Not Now. You ain't even helped write none of this, none of this. You don't get up every morning and get on the show. Listen, you don't, you don't, you're not flying back and forth and you're not being away from your damn kids and you're, you're not having to deal with controversy after con and, and trying to figure out like how you can keep this ship moving. Right. Without me, none of y'all eat. And I need y'all to know that. And I don't even like throwing that out there like that. But that's, that, that's me.


Right, right there. Right. You know, I, I gave y'all jobs and positions and y'all just, y'all just did whatever with it. Taking advantage. And I'm a really, really kindhearted person now. I I I'm not a pushover, but I love very hard And I had to, But people take Kindness. Kindness and weakness though. Very. Yes. And I had to make some very tough decisions firing family and actually not speaking to a few of 'em now. Like, damn. Yeah, man, people still, and people just, yeah, they'll sabotage you if they feel like they ain't getting enough. You know? You Were the first lady of BMF. How was that experience Working with Vi Fox was amazing.


I love her. I love her. Love her. She checks on me. She hits me up. She checked on me even after doing the, the production doing after doing the movie with her. So yeah, it, that was amazing. That was good doing that. But you had a little, you, you and Lil Meech had a little issue. Y'all, y'all resolved that? No, I think he got other stuff to do now. Like he got some other resolving he needs to do at this point. But he had came to Wallen out. Yeah. And he was a little busty, You know. Oh. And he, You know, I, that's all I said, You know, but I didn't say it first. I ain't even going there. Hey y'all Little Meat musty? It was somebody else, but you said it from another city?


No, I co-signed it. Oh, okay. All right. I said so you responsible. He did smell that one time that he was up there because if I, if you get apartment And you can't get it And I cosign it, you don't pay for it. Who they gonna hit up? Yeah. Yeah. So they, but it was one of his fans who, he did a club host and she had went online and she had said, Lord me stink. And then we reported it up at the Breakfast Club And I said, well he did have a little stitch when he came up at Wilding out. Right. You know, wasn't nothing too crazy. Could have been out the night before. Right. And just didn't have time to hit the showers, You know, but he got upset, You know. But you got Wipe 'cause he was with Summer Walker. Yeah. They got, he need, you need to tell him they got wipes back. I got the wipes. Whoa, whoa. So Summer Walker came to his defense and came And you?


Yeah, man. She, she was like, she ain't like come at me crazy. But You know, when Summer be in love, she be in love and she don't, it don't care. What, it don't matter what them guys do. She going to go back, go to bat for them guys right now. She had came out and she was just like, this little girl want him or something like that. I'm like little girl baby. Excuse me. But around my birthday, right. This is CIAA weekend, this was two years ago. I had a birthday party and Lil Meech was in town for CIAA. Okay. He was doing a party right down the street for my birthday party. I DMed him and said, Hey, did, because I wanted some more star power at my party. Yeah. I said, Hey, I don't know what you're doing after your party, but if you wanna stop past my birthday party, we do have a section for you or whatever, You know, something like that.


This man screenshotted that and posted it after I said that he was a little musty, You know, like I was trying to get with him. And then what I got mad at summer about was you so damn dumb. You think that was me trying to get at him? If I was summer, I'd have been like, no baby, this ain't nothing to use. This is not like you can't post this. If you gonna come at her, come at her. But she ain't trying to get what you here. Like come on, let just, let's just use your, your mind as a woman or your heart as a woman. Like, You know, I wasn't trying to get with that little boy. He looked like Rob Schneider. You know the guy that do big old male jigga little dude.


But, but she called you a lot of names and say you, you, No, she did she call me a lot of names? I think she just said this little girl or this something. She Called you ugly. She Called me ugly. Oh my God. They used one chromosome away. No, I ain't even know she even said that word. She said one chromosome away from what? Hmm? There's two chromosome. If you me, She, ugh. I'm gonna pray for her too. I'm glad you didn't know that. I'm glad I didn't. Did you? I'm glad that you told me No, let it go. That what years ago? Let go. But I had no idea Let it go. That She tried to call me.


One of them Let it go. Alright. That, that, that's what he did. He let it go and then, and then she had to move on and do after all of that. That cousin wasn't that cousin. That cousin was somebody he was dealing with. So he let your go See. There you go. Hmm. I can't believe she said that. What's the next question? This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted And you can access it to whichever podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Shehe profile and I'll see you there.


Yo, what's good it is Jeff c from Club five 20 podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland v, Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen, good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greedy teams and they play the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Please welcome aboard the Johnson Family. The whole fan's here for the Disney cruise. So You know, we came to play and listen, the adults are gonna have a ball first. We're chilling in the Infinity pool onto massages at Census Spa, then gliding into Star Wars Hyperspace Lounge for a toast. We're even gonna kick back with Mickey on Disney's Private Island. That's how we get down because Disney Cruise Line is where we came to play.


Hey there, terrainian Seacrest for Safeway Spring is in full swing, which means it's time for spring cleaning. Don't worry, we've got everything you need to stock up on Spring Cleaning Essentials, because a clean home is a happy home shop in store or online for spring cleaning. Favorites like Method, all purpose cleaner Swiffer, heavy duty mopping cloths, Lysol bathroom cleaner, scotch bright sponges, and Clorox disinfecting wipes and save. Offer ends April 22nd. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.