
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo, and a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal. Download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Hey, all you women soups fans and folks who just don't know yet that they're Women's Hoops fans, we've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Alright man, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. We got some special, special guests in the building, man, glad we could finally make this happen for Show Man. We got a special setup. It's only right man. We got the whole game with us. We gonna introduce them last. But to my far left, we got my dog Bishop. Be here out the prayer least how you what? Nasty what's Happening family. Let's get to it. It's gonna be a good one right Here. Now listen man, normally ask I guess on this show, You know what I'm saying, how they feel about the mountain, the pile, the black forces with the white Lexus Alito pulled up with his own man, you set the tone. I like this. I Tapped in. I appreciate that shit. For sure bro. Love Man. When you see somebody walk up in them shoes, what you think of Trip?


I don't know man. I don't, I only wear Jordan so I, He like Me. That's a unique kind of, I don't know. He took some effort Because some shit don't come with white Laces. See he either Bought the white ones, took the laces out and ditched them, or he purposefully went and bought white laces and ditched the black laces. But either way, that's a whole Lot of effort for, for some black poison man. Nah, but that's just a staple man. That's that's What I do. I can dig it. I can dig it. That's like putting that, that big ass roll Rolls Royce Grill on your Chrysler three. Oh Excessive to the light.


Oh shit. Little bro out the Blackfoot swab. It's crazy. Did you ever picture the white laces in that joint at all? Nah, not until I start watching y'all show. Nah, I appreciate that bro. Show shout. That's big. The tri at for show Got a pile. It's a on the black horses, it plenty more around this motherfucker too. That's a fact. Well definitely to my far right. My dog, young Nacho, young Teague. How you what? I'm chilling And I still fuck Stacey Dash boy. Just I felt you outta pocket. He outta pocket too. What? Going through? Shit. He outta pocket too.


I'm excited man. It should be a good show for show man. Listen. Special, special guest man. Glad we could finally make this happen, man. Freaky Mike was early in this podcast. We all had our list of people we won on this show Off the rip. He said we gotta ahead of Step Brothers. We made it happen man. Lido trip. Appreciate y'all pulling up to five 20 minutes. It's honor. For sure. Thank You man. Thank Your job man. Man, for real man. Glad we could finally make this happen. Like we said, all our homeboys, even though we big fans man, but especially our homeboys, they press the line with this too. Oh for sure. Yeah, for sure. Shout out to Jamar who will say y'all names? Keys? Yeah. Got shout to my older brother Tore. Here we go. I can dig it And everybody Keys, keys gonna call me.


Yeah, we was playing street ball the other day. He's calling me. He was like, oh no, no, no, no. My nigga back play street ball. You aint tapped in. I was like, I got you man. For I got two shouts about Don Keys man. For sure man. Listen, we appreciate y'all sliding on this man. It gets first into it, man. What made you both start making music? What was your inspiration? Who was some people y'all looked up to early on to kind of molded Jos Sound high, y'all wanted to get to it? I guess I'll lead that man. Kris Cross is what made me want to be a rapper. Wanna, You know, being a kid, I don't know how much older they are than I am, but when I first seen them, You know, it was a fucking, You know, it was a, a marvel to see kids rapping.


So of course I I, You know, I gained the inspiration to become a rapper. I thought I would become a rapper right then, which I'm glad I didn't. 'cause what I had to rap about then wasn't worth, wasn't worth me rapping about in the first place. But that's where it started. You know, the i the idea or the, the, the passion. I think it, it grew from that to see that kids could do it and it didn't really start working out for me to, You know, mid twenties. But, You know, I think, You know, it's life. It, it happens how it happens, You know, the the, You know, things had to take place in order for me to be in the right space. And I think, not to be arrogant in any manner, but I think I had to grow to become a artist and You know, but that's where it started.


Once I seen them it was a, a light bulb. I couldn't damn For sure. Yeah, it was probably Ice Cube, Snoop Dogg, early like West Coast, west Coast stuff. Do all lifestyle aesthetic of it. Like just, You know, being a little kid and seeing that just thing that was cool. And imagery from the movies and all that. Little lighter probably the high boys for for sure. The next thing, like that was a time period when I probably started rapping before then I just thought, You know, rappers were cool or whatever. But yeah, by time I was in high school it was like wanted, wanted some money, wanted, You know, wanted to look like it and et cetera. And then when I actually started rapping it was like more the lyrical rappers that kind of got my attention to j the kids fab, the East coast, like DJ Clue mix tapes and true that.


Damn. But it was still, You know, the high Boys and, and, and Wayne, the squad up era was probably like biggest influence at the time that I started rapping. Damn. Yeah, when Wayne turned into a, a whole different kind of rapper. Yeah. That's crazy. You said squat up tapes. People forget how fired those squat up tapes are. Yeah. Yeah. That was before the dedications. Yeah. Do your research for show. Yeah, definitely Man. First of all, we, we gonna get to the music but y ain't that man. We pulled up to the game. I know y'all both love basketball. What's y'all first thought process when you see Luca and LeBron on the same damn team? Because that shit's still surreal to this point. I know we just watched the game. It's still crazy. When I walked in I was like, that's why them tickets was so damn high too me.


But it was, I mean I'm like it, You know, two legendary players like really almost a generational apart. Yeah. You know, seeing 'em on the same team like that is like damn, I still don't know how they pulled that off. Yeah, that's what I think when I see that. What really, You know what's really going on? Highway Robbery Something. It is, It is also crazy to see LeBron the fight to somebody like I ain't, You know, LeBron ain't probably never been, I ain't gonna necessarily say the second best player on the team, but that's kind of the role he playing and that's, that's different. Damn. I never thought about that. Right, because he was chilling the whole game. The whole, he was chilling bro. Two points was to the point. Vacation Re was killing at first. He was going crazy.


Yeah, but it was a few times. He really like motioning for Luca like come get the ball. Like you got it. Damn. Yeah. Shit, I seen LeBron play up here like three or four times. I ain't never looked like that. Yeah, I wish He had did that shit when I was playing. They got the ball every time. Yeah. Wasn't no defer. Nah, can y'all see them winning the chip? I was thinking that too, like all player step up like, I mean the way Hayes looked and what's doing that ru Yeah they hitting shots like that. Yeah, they they got timely shots. They got some bodies. Yeah, they, they got a chance. I ain't gonna lie. They do got a chance.


Most definitely. Obviously We know yo ro basketball man. Your mans coaching head coach. TSU how's that man girl with your pot And now he leading men at the university, You know what I'm saying? To round away. He just called me For sure. He said that Y'all got a point girl. Yeah, I swear he called me a tampering. He was like, I swear just called me. That's funny As hell. Yeah, Cops. Yeah, I talked to him yesterday. Okay. I like that home cooking. That's, I mentioned him twice in that song because like that's one of the, You know, my partner since middle school and he wanted a few people like still getting paid our basketball, You know, for us that came up together and it was all our dream at one time. Like he still living it, You know.


And so that's surreal. I mean I went to TSU so it was just super cool. You know you had the hometown school, HBCU, You know, setting some records, attendance records and everything else. Job security and otherwise is just proud of him. That's Why as yeah, Like you see Hoop. Who did both of y'all hoop? No, no I aint, no I ain't, I never really been able to get along with people. Well, Okay, y'all the same. Okay. My mama said even when I tried, I tried to, I tried to go and, and like tried for a basketball team.


Mama said hell no. I'm like mama, why? She said you don't get a get, You know, you don't play well with others. And I didn't, You know, I I would but I was an angry kid And I had a lot going on, so Yeah. You know, basketball wasn't gonna work. I I would've probably been like the, You know, run our tests Elementary school Dre gra No, it'd been all going in the stands. He was a real crash out. Yeah. Yeah. It wasn't So You need the black forces straight black, the mid tops. No, See, it it be shit like, I don't know how, You know, I don't know how, how accurate or how often it happens, but like when I see like basketball films And I see the, like the, I don't know what the fuck y'all call it.


The shit, You know the the rookie treatment shit. Oh yeah, yeah. Hold another nigga bag and shit. Yeah. Yeah. Man, it be so many niggas on team with black eyes, Man. You Got me. When we get to the game, we got, You know, we gotta catch the bus and all that shit. Yeah, yeah. When we get there, I'm gonna be the only nigga suit up because they like threw me in their bag And I threw the motherfuckers to the side. But You know, I, when I realized I couldn't do, You know, I couldn't be a team player in that aspect. I said yeah, You know sports ain't gonna be for me. I can't, You know, ain't work for me. I'm ready to fight when, You know, I, I don't know how to do the, And I don't know how to take orders And I don't respect seniority when it's, You know, I don't know.


That shit didn't, it just don't work My nigga. I just talked about that on the show earlier today. Like that respecting your elder shit is overrated. No I ain't, no you gonna have to if you don't give it, you ain't getting it back ex. Exactly. And I, You know, and when I was little, when I, when I was a kid, I don't know what kind, like I said, I had a lot going on. It didn't really matter if you was bigger than me, I might lose the fight, but I'm going give you a fight. Nah, for sure don't. So, You know, basketball wasn't gonna work out, it wasn't gonna happen. He was Like, You know, he won't stop fighting the teammate, You know? Yeah. You said fuck OT and fight my teammate. We, we ain't got to the game. We gonna have some, this gonna be some fights at practice, the locker room, all this.


It is a lot of shit. I just, You know, I never really been able to tolerate. So I ain't really got, You know, even now I don't got many friends. The the friends I got, I've known since I was fucking 10 or 11. Yeah. The shit I known Craig for like, I think like 15 years now. Yeah. But You know, I don't know how, I just don't work well, well play well with others. So I wish respect that wasn't gonna work out. No counter weight. Gotcha. I played all school a u and shit. I wasn't trying to go to small schools that was looking at me And I stayed at home. Oh damn. Oh see he thought he was an all star.


It was like going to like the bottom of Alabama. Shit ain't doing this. And, and You know. So what, you had like some D twos or something looking at you? Yeah, it was like D twos, D threes. I, I had a couple of of looks but I remember I think Tennessee Tech, one of they coaches came to holler at me. I was hyped. I Solid, I, I'm trying to tell you what happened. I go in a coach's office, they looking at film and shit. I'm hype and like, yeah. First thing the coach asked me, he was like, Hey, You know DeMarco Pope shout out DeMarco, he was Mr. Basketball more partners from around my way. I was like, yeah, like why? Like basically he was like, shit, we recruit you, you can help us get him.


See. And I would've said, fuck you. Yeah. Yeah. That and TSU coach at the time was Nolan Richardson third maybe Arkansas coach. His son, he was at a tournament and his son the fourth played in high school at the same time. And I, I dunked on the son. You know, we knew each other. We was cool and shit, but it was over with. I, You know, that's why I wanted to play. But out The gate. Yeah. So, oh, You fucked up your chances. That was like our rival And you like around locally or whatever. Yeah. So after that I skipped a grade and shit.


I graduated young and it was, That's, that's why we, I think we all can relate to y'all music. 'cause y'all talk about stuff that like seem like around our area. Like y'all talk about wrestling and shit. Yeah, yeah. And I'm like, damn, when I first started listening to that, I'm like damn, aint rap about everything. I grew up watching and doing Shit. How old I, I'm 36. I Yeah, we ain't that far. We ain't at fault apart. Yo, we Right By y'all. I turned 40 this year. Yeah, But y'all said all that shit. Like when y'all was talking about like Randy Savage get me Undertaker, kake and all that shit. I was like, I'm tapped in. Because that's when I first started listening because my brother and them was like, you tripping because Lido, you rap like you talking. Yeah. So I'm like, yeah, he ain't rap.


He talking, he like, that's the whole beauty in he chilling. You like these hype ass niggas. And I'm like, this shit kind of hard. So I started listening and they put me on shout to my brother Terrell, man Out. Shout To big bro, man. Obviously y'all had Chris before I got to, so what was the first time y'all linked up? Y'all first? Like, all right. I kind of fuck with him type shit. Listen, my timelines are Hard. Like 2010. Okay. Yeah, it was 2010. I don't Know, no dates And stuff. We like formally met through Yo Gotti. Actually shout to Gotti. I was in business with him and he was like looking to work with Trip when he was coming up and kind of, You know what I'm saying, placed us around each other.


But we started working kind of on our own within that. And I mean, Craig can kind of tell you what how Happened. Yeah. We just, I was on the road with Guy that, and he had, he had a stop in Nashville. Nashville. And I don't know what the hell Gotti had to do. I don't really like, I don't like tagging along when shit don't got nothing to do with me, Nigga me. No, no, no. I'm just saying, well, You know, He was on the side Quest, Not quite. I, You know, and, and Gotti had shit going on. He had business to tend to respect. Yeah. I ain't want to be the nigga sitting watching him do what he gotta do. I want to be along for the part of this that involves me, but certain shit didn't involve me.


So Like, You know, Gotti is going to go do a verse for so and so. I, it might be in the fucking studio five hours. Yeah. I'm just gonna be a nigga sitting in the studio. I don't smoke, I don't drink, so I'm gonna be a nigga sitting in the studio like this. So when, You know, he, what, whatever he was going to do, You know, it was in that kind of, You know, he wasn't doing nothing that I needed to learn from or watch. So while they was doing that, I think Steinem had lined up a verse for another one of got his artists. So I was like, all right, I, You know, I'll ride with y'all then. So I had no idea we was going to Lidos studio.


So when we got to Lidos studio, he set him up to do the feature. Fast forward. He said he, I don't know how he did it, but that was our first time meeting each other. And at some point his, his people came down and told me, You know, the guy wanted to buy a verse for me. I'm like, man, I don't, You know, I don't, I don't know anybody in here. I just met him. So when I, You know, later on that night, I found out that Star pretty much was the person that convinced dude to, to get, I don't remember who the hell it was that got the verse, but we was on the road and what I was doing for, You know, my, my profession at the moment, well, at that moment I couldn't do that traveling.


So, You know, my pockets was a little light. He couldn't have knew, You know, that, that, that, that me getting some bread right then was, You know, that shit was, was like oxygen. So him lining that up, they kind of on that, that kind of changed my perspective of who he was. You know, again, it was my first time meeting him that day. Yeah. And all the way up until then, me being only familiar with his music, but being familiar with rappers, I, I had to, was preconceived, preconceived notion that he'd be more like rappers when you meet, You know, You know, I, I, I can't speak for everybody, but when you meet rappers, some rappers don't turn the rapper shit off. Like, You know, you can tell that, You know, you acting, I don't, You know, I don't need the the camera version of you.


I need the real version of you and for me, so many, and it still happens even to this day. But that's how I, that's how I assume Star would be. So when I met him, You know, I, You know, I met him. I was doing what's up, You know? All right. And I went back downstairs. So later on a after, You know, finding out, he line that verse up for me And we said, we rap for a second. Not, not, we sit And we talk for a second. And You know, he, I think that was the, the thing that make me have to be a little more open-minded. 'cause I'm Like, You know, I assumed he was this kind of guy and he, and he the total opposite. So he just make me some bread. He ain't make nothing off it. And he had no, You know, he, there was nothing invested in it for him.


He had to have just, You know, fucked with me for, You know, he had to have done that just 'cause he fucked with me as an artist. 'cause he don't know me as a person. Yeah. So from that, You know, I think, You know, that gave me the, I don't know, like I said, I don't work well with others. So that was, I guess that was like the, the olive branch so to speak. And he couldn't have known that. But that was the, You know, the gesture that made me say all right. You know, he, he, he a, he a cool dude, You know, I could, You know, get to know him and see, see where this goes. For sure. For sure. Alright Man, before we go any farther, be here, it's time to get some drinks up in here. It's get Oh yeah, Barbie. Oh man. I didn't know what my guy was going. Well that's freaky. Might you gotta, you gotta figure out what that means sometimes. Be a couple things.


Barbie, what's happening, what's going on? What you got for us today? What? Blueberry lemonade. Okay. What, what's in the blackberry and blueberry lemonade? We, we got, oh, okay. I can get you a mocktail. Alright. Barbie, I gotta say, but it was record time. Barbie considering it out this. Yeah. I about say she was, she was on cue ass motherfucker, Here we go. We got all the drinks you need.


She Gotta get out here, use, you stay right Now. You Was looking, you was looking for a little chair. Right. Usually stay chop it up. Not today. Bullshit. Move it on. So what was that moment? Y'all knew y'all was gonna collab And work together? Yeah, I was gonna get to that. It was not right away necessarily at first session. But even prior to then, like from the first things I heard, like I, like you said, I rock with it.


I, I, I saw promise in it. I, I felt like it was, without knowing him, I felt like he was going somewhere with it. And when we started working, it was like right away. Like one, it was, it was effortless for him. And I just, I took to like the, just the new like fresh energy of, because when we met, I probably was like five, six years in the game. I had I think signed a deal like five years before then. So I was damn near at a point of almost like turning the corner of finding like a second win almost and trying to figure this shit out outside of having a deal and finna go on my own. And he was getting a deal. So it was like, part of it for me was like paying it forward.


I like, it wasn't like big homie kind of time because we really about the same age. Yeah. But more so I'm like, man, if I can, if I can help bro skip some steps or not make the same mistakes I made or, or any of that. That's why I kind of felt like was almost like a role I was due to play. But as far as making music, it was just effortless. You know what I'm saying? The first couple songs we did, it was like one, he just like killing the shit right away. But it was also like the first time I kind of met my match or met my equal as far as on just a like, talent skill level. I'm like, man, this nigga can rap like bar for bar word for word kind of thing.


So, and it wasn't, it wasn't like a competitive Like, You know what I'm saying, looking over your shoulder. It was more like complimentary. I was, I was gonna ask you. 'cause like I said, all my friends listened to it. So we used to battle, we used to rap y'all shit and be battling like, nah, he beat him here. He beat him here. Did y'all feel like that? I know y'all just said it wasn't competitive, but did y'all feel like that? Like I played my little brother one-on-one all the time. Yeah. We competitive. We family though. At the end of the day, we going each other to get better. Yeah. Like what's it like that for y'all? Nah, I don't, I don't think so. No. Like that's, And I think think that's probably why we still rocking 15 years later because rap groups don't last. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You can kind of run down a list.


Like, I think what happens is we, we, we might have like favorite verses Like, You know, I, I would say for every song I probably got a favorite verse. But all those favorite verses ain't mine. If that make any sense. Yeah, yeah. You know, I could, it could be a particular record And I really fuck with his verse And I like he said, I, You know, I should, it is, I don't know, I, because it is not a competition in any shape, form or fashion. Like if you ever sat in a session or any person that's ever sat in a session, like we ain't even on that kind of time. Like when we start working, we working in unison And we might speak to each other about where we going depending on, You know, what kind of record it is.


But for the most part, our verse all wrote at the same time. Damn. So when he go in the, the booth to do his, I'm going to do mine or vice versa, whoever's first, You know, or whatever order. Most of the time I, You know, our verses wrote at the, pretty much at the same time. Or I might be, well one of us might be closing the verse and the other one just finish and he go in and and record it. And we like to, at least when it happens, I believe in just letting shit flow naturally. So if I'm writing my verse and he say something in his, in his verse while he recording nine times outta 10, I, You know it, I'm probably at the end of the verse. But either way, if he said something that inspired me to say something or if I like a line he said, You know, we'll repeat the line.


You know where it came from. Or sometimes you don't but we don't much care 'cause what we doing, You know, we both fully aware of what we trying to build. I want you to like the song. I don't want you to like a verse from the song. Yeah. So You know, when we doing the shit, we ain't really, I think it's competitive in a sense, but not so much. We don't, You know, we don't sit and say, oh man, I, I gotta get Well sometimes but that happens. No that, but that happens on features. Sometimes people will get a verse from both of us. Yeah. It's, it's seldom. But that get a verse from both of us and it's only a select few people. We'll allow to get both of us on the song because we feel Like, You know, that's far, that's lending our brand.


But when it happens most times, I don't know the stars on the song. So when it happens, You know, I'm gonna just Do what I do. And then Craig it is, it is happened a few times. Craig called like they ain't tell me you was put a verse on it too. Like I didn't know you was on it. 48 bars on the song. Yeah. Sometimes I'm not getting on there bro. Yeah. Sometimes I just take over. But that's, You know. But other than that, when we know when we creating and especially like Step Brothers music, whenever we create music that's Step Brothers, we do it in person. So You know, I'm fully aware that You know that he on the record, nah.


Right. You know, we don't really, it's like It is like still sharp and still Facts. Facts more more than yeah. You know we, like you said, y'all play one-on-one. It is like sparring or in that sense, but when we working it ain't, the end game is for you to feel or finish product. So it's like shit. I mean for sure there's been times I'm like damn he killed me on there. But that's like a good thing. That means the song was better and, and I'm Supreme the confident that when I go in and work with him, I know what he gonna do. So I can't have step or You know, I know I'm gonna get smashed on the song. So it's more so that than Like, You know, you, you should want somebody to make you better.


That's A fuck. True. That most definitely. For sure. I wanted to ask you this question because you said, You know, when y'all first inception of meeting each other you was just like, oh I seen somebody position I could help like, like he's solid. If I could help him skip a couple steps 'cause I first heard, You know what I'm saying, gray Gooses. That's the first time I heard you. Yeah. Early back Chevy days. I was like okay he code. So then you said time progresses. You's like all right, I learned I'm gonna help you out. Being with the major, being with other artists and then having your own spotlight. Like you see somebody going see that situation. Both of y'all obviously get a lot of respect for being great independent artist in your own right. I always like to be like okay, I know what I've learned but I'm not gonna hinder what he going through 'cause I want him to still have his journey. But I'm gonna still give you the game so you don't make the mistakes because You know this music industry could be really, really crazy.


Oh yeah. And you the reason why I start drinking in nasty shit. Yeah. I'm on that. Great. That was that shit Bro. Time.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season You are. With all the new ways to get in on action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the EBA player props. New customers bet five bucks and get $150 at bonus. Be instantly. Take it to the record with Draftking Sports book where every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Yo. What's good it is Jeff t from Club five 20 Podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite, they were Duke beat, Alabama, Florida beat and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out on the open floor, finding Cooper Flag and all their talented players and Florida Beat and Texas Tech. What a win by them coming up big in the end. Now with my final four set, I like Florida beating Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Jr. And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in the 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast food's Gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with a in-app offer and a purchase. Again head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with a in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine in HL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns and combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with Jay. Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe It. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


Man, it, it is really like, I don't know, I think you gotta be kind of like a messed up person to, to be willing to watch somebody like make the, like I said, make the same mistakes. Okay. Go through the same, like same things you went through. So to me at his breakthrough point, he had it more together than I did. I was 19 years old making club crunk music and just trying to, You know, when I, I get with cash money, that's like a dream come true. Like I said, I was inspired by the hot boys five years before that. I ain't start rapping maybe four years before that time. So I'm like, it's whatever. I'm just trying to get in where I fit in versus like he got, he got in the game really more so off of like emotion driven, like personal passion record.


Like, and just like no frills. It was like, it wasn't about a a single, it wasn't about, You know what I'm saying? It was, it was him just kind of being himself. I'm like, damn. Like it was more so like I, on a fan level, even like man, don't change that. Don't let the game change. Yeah. Steer you away from that. That's what works, that's what got you here kind of thing. And I think it's just like I said, paying it forward, man. I believe in karma and all that. So I would wanna Golden rule. Like I would wanna do what I would've wanted somebody to, You know, the game that I wish somebody would've gave me. Yeah. You know what I thing like I, it was never like the irony we, we had made so much progress and history together, but it was never about like trying to like make something or get in on a situation.


Yeah. It was like I met him at a point where he had options. Yeah, yeah. Like she could have signed with them, them or them. It was a little bit of everybody trying to rock with him. I was even in a position where people was like, man, you should get in. I'm like, nah. I think what, You know, his trajectory is, is bigger than, than the help I could directly offer. But that's real. I'd just rather be like in on, it's a lot of artists when like I met 'em early on or I was around and whatever small part I might have played in they, they story. I'm like, I just counted as like that's, that's what's up. You know what I mean? It's a part of my legacy too. I was there, You know what I'm saying? I reach out to everybody too. I don't, I don't have to know you. I think, You know, many people don't respond.


I just use, that's really what I use social media for. So I be feeling like if, if I know you, you, You know about to make a mistake And I don't do nothing to prevent it, then I feel like I'm at fault. I feel like it's my fault you made that mistake. Hmm. I don't know how much sense that that really makes, but I don't know. It almost seem like a duty, like I have to say it, I got a DU and say, Hey man, You know, you got this and this move And you should maybe, You know, do X, Y and Z or not do X, Y and z. Yeah. And You know, I, I try not to give people advice 'cause You know my shit, my path wasn't perfect either.


So I can't tell you what wouldn't work or what won't work. That's real. But I can tell you what I did and how it went wrong and You know, you take from that what you will. Yeah. And You know, if you can make it make sense for you then that's great. You know, we can't all dunk so, You know. Nah, For sure. That's respect. You know, I wanted to ask you like what's the benefits of signing to a major though? Spending somebody else money, number one. Yeah. But own it back. I mean, but, but That's it. If you don't, I mean if you ain't got it like shit. Yeah. You know, But I mean it's, it is a lot of benefits to it truthfully. Like they move a needle on stuff.


Okay. You know, it's a lot, it's a lot of relationships, these companies and partnerships with each other like Yeah. Almost like backdoor type of type of situation. So it's better to be on that side of, of the things is moving I guess tricks of the trade. But like Trip said, Like, You know, whatever you take on the front end, you you gonna compromise something on the back end. Yeah. What's up? Shout out to the, out to the game man. Nah, I mean the thing you now is just to be independent in the rap game and a lot of people go into it with no education behind it and shit. Don't time's Though. Yeah. Yeah. Not even the least bit. But see I think, You know, it is pros and cons to both sides.


Hmm. And music just happens to be at least rap music. I can't say music as a whole 'cause I don't experienced in other genres of it, but rap music don't got no prerequisites. Like, You know, you wanna play ball, You know, you gotta start el shit down before elementary school. You gotta do the a a u shits and You know, you gotta do all them camps and shit. But it is things in place to teach you how to become, You know, how, how to play team ball. Yeah. Or how to adapt to it even, You know, as you progress to different levels of it. You know, when you get to high school, You know, you play a little different than you played in elementary or middle school. Right.


Then, You know, same for college, same for if you going to like summer leagues, same for when you go to the actual league. It's a learning process, but it's, it is, it's things and people in place to teach you how to move along with that. And the rap business, man, it's, it is more filled with people that that gatekeeper if anything. But ain't no, You know, ain't no, ain't no, there's no way to learn this shit before you jump in this shit. Like, you almost gotta make the mistakes to, to figure it out. And a lot of the people Like, You know, we feel the opposite about it. There's a lot of people that feel like, shit, nobody helped me, so shit, I ain't helping you. And, but that's the trigger thing about the music business.


So right now, the, You know, the fact, the, the trend is to be independent. Yeah. 'cause the word independent sound, You know, it may, it you you sound self-sufficient. You sound like a, a self-made artist. A self-made boss. But in, in real life you really want to do whatever benefits you. So I wouldn't say don't be independent. I wouldn't say go be independent. You gotta go with what work. So if you step in it And you spent however much you spent And you can't sustain doing this shit. 'cause in real life you got real life to deal with. Yeah. You know, that's why they say it's a young, I, I don't agree, but I understand why.


But they say it's a young man's game. It's a young man's game because you got the time to be able to, to, to go through the shit you gotta go through at 19, signing into a label, then owing them fucking $500,000. Having to deal with that at 19 is a whole lot smoother than dealing with that at 36. Yeah. And you got four or five kids. Yeah. You know, you got more responsibilities. You don't got the room to have to deal, You know. Well, you don't have the room to, to be able to, to work through that, to learn from that. But in the music business, people think, You know, if they, like right now they think signing into a major is the worst thing in the world. Yeah.


In real time. It's not. I think you just gotta know what you getting yourself into. Yeah. And you, You know, It's more about your plan. That's That's you. Right. You know, and if you don't got a plan out, You know, you Can be signed without a plan and get lost on a sauce or you can be Exactly. You know, you Can be independent. Independent without a plan And you just saying you independent kind of thing. Right. I think signing up or whatever, it's just kind of like being able to work your plan. 'cause even that, that's the thing, like the time that I was signed, it was like going to school. I, I used it. I ended up using as an education, but yeah. Okay. Like, 'cause it was a lot that I saw things working for other people.


I wasn't in the same position they was in And I ain't had a leverage otherwise. But I saw like, man, they working. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Outside of just the, the machine and all like that. I'm like man, these dudes never stop working. And so I'm like, all right, I'm gonna apply that. I might not be able to scale it the same way, but I'm gonna take what I got and and just double down on what works for me. Okay. Yeah. And that's what's super dope about y'all is that obviously y'all put your head down and the music sells itself and y'all both have code followings facts. We talk about the independency op like opportunities and stuff. Now you think it's a little bit easier for artists to jump into the game now because of social media and stuff like that. Because you got people like Jello come in, we now don't even know him as a rapper. Jello.


Yeah. Jello coulda smack now. He gone on Man Swerve dick. Look, I been saying that man name wrong forever then I thought it was like Jello or something. He said, jello, I'm thinking Jello, jello. I'm like, sorry his name Jello. Oh I don't know if you want the co. I was like, damn baffle. I, it's a rapper name. Jello Access is plentiful, man. Like, You know, you can, you can blow up faster. You, You know what I mean? You can reach, you can go farther faster because of all the resources. The internet make the world like very small.


True. And so people can get like hip to the same thing. Like even for y'all to say I was on Grey Goose. Like what it took to get that record high was a lot of footwork, was a lot of like street teams pressing vinyl records and hand delivering them, putting 'em in a mailbox, sending 'em the DJs like going to Louisville for Kentucky Derby like this. Probably the trickle down of it. Reaching the Indianapolis from Nashville. Yeah. Going to all the HBCU football classic weekends. Like we jumping out in traffic with like gorilla marketing versus now it's like a streamer plays your song and it goes everywhere the next day. I mean that's, that's beautiful for, You know.


Yeah. I guess for people that can't advantage themselves off of it. But it's also Like, You know, it's like microwave stuff. Like the food on taste is good, You know? Yeah. And not only that, but like I said, ain't no, ain't no courses for this shit. Yeah. So, You know, you take a a You know, a 19-year-old that didn't have any aspirations of being a, a musician or being in the business And You know, they had, they did a song and it popped and now they in the mix. Yeah. Imagine how easy it is to manipulate Well, You know, for the industry. Yeah, yeah. To manipulate that person because he learn nothing from it, You know, he don't know how this works. Yeah. All of it is, is new and this shit move fast as shit when you important and You know, and that's the tricky thing about it.


A lot of times when You know a lot, shit, I'm sure we've all experienced you, You know, especially you, the, the whoever recruited you disappeared later. You know, they, they, they did all of the fantastic shit to get you where you was going. Yeah. And then once you got there, you, you wasn't prom queen no more. They nigga they moved on to the next one, You know, to do the same process. And a lot of times what happens when you're not, You know, when you're not familiar with the process, you'll think you on top of the world And you never start adjusting or you never start, like you say, you gotta learn from what's going on. Yeah. So if you on top of the world, you never start learning what happens when, because there's no way to be there forever.


So what happens when, when that shit slow down? What's your, You know, what's your next step now? And in a lot of cases that's what create, You know, we see it all the time. It is, it, it happens almost every day. You'll see a person that was some kind of social media sensation and now they got all kinds of weird legal troubles and shit. Nah. But it's because they was at the, You know, they was on top of the world at one point and they never fully adjusted. Yeah. To, You know, to be able to manage not being on top of the world. It's almost like a, like a instant high. And Now you chasing that high and in some cases you'll never get it again. Nah. But that's, 'cause You know, shit's a whole lot. It's a whole lot easier to, to get it popping.


But that don't necessarily make it easier. Yeah. It ain't no such thing as a street team no more. Nah, that's not, Nah, you gotta have Social media. Those Are called gang members. Yeah. I had a question. So we was listening to music earlier and Yeah. Five times one of my favorite songs. But when y'all heard Seeing Green by like Nicki Wayne, Drake and them. What's that? It is just a song. But, well, You know what I'm talking about. I know exactly what you're saying. That make you look, look fuck Man, that's a song.


He was a science sample. Yeah. I ain't know the name was, I never heard of actually What you was asking About the like, dude, like, do y'all be like, damn, like, I mean I know it's a simple, but it's like, 'cause we knew when I first heard it, I'm like, damn. Well I heard this before, man. I want shout out Shannon Sanders. It's a producer songwriter from Nashville that, that actually I think produced that have the Headley song that that was sampled somebody I known for like 20 plus years. I thought it was cool that they were sampling his work, You know, the same way we did it is one of 'em situations man. 'cause this happened to me like a lot of times In my career.


Nah, I know. Like where things get recycled, re rocked, repurposed and, and very rarely, like I ain't looking for acknowledgement there because that's her song. It's their song. Yeah. Right. Shout out to Mean it's, it's very similar. Similar I know where she's, it's a very Similar Beat and that, I mean that's hip hop, You know what I'm saying? Like people are making the same song down there word for word no for no. Yeah. You know, over and over. But when I heard it, I was just like, I thought it was interesting because that's one of our biggest songs, Man. Yeah. That's that shit. I'm like, I'm like, nah, I never heard your song. Yeah. Hearing, hearing.


But nah, I, I'm thinking, I don't Know. I don't really believe in coincidence, so. Yeah. Mm Ooh A lot of times. Nah, I didn't either. I it is too close bro. It it is. It's crazy. But I, I Remember the, the producer dude doing the, of course not the one that made ours. Yeah. But the dude that went viral making it in his car. Yeah. People was tagging us Twitter. Right. So I, You know, I guess I was already conditioned for it. I I understand the, I guess the process now for how they make beats. Yeah. It, it ain't, is not to say, I don't know.


He know who made it Street Sym made it in Greeted money. Okay. Well my bad greeted, You know, shit happens. But either way, like the, the, the sampling process ain't the same no more. It used to be, You know, they take the vinyl And you had to, like, you had, you had to put some work in it to, to create the sample you was creating to make the beat. Oh yeah. And now, now it's a whole lot different. Like it's websites, they already got the samples already cut up. So Yeah. That's just an instant transfer. You just take it. Right. You take it and star adding drums. Yep. So I never heard Nicki Minaj song on the beat, but I, You know how I was aware that they used the same beat.


I'm just not, it just wasn't nothing I was interested in. So, so that don't really even bother you. I Wouldn't touch it. I mean it just, when it happens over and over and over again. Yeah. You know, He, he, he's a big, You know, he, he got, he got prior experience and such. Yeah. But They are different too though. 'cause I can't charge it. I don't know where it, where it comes from. Right. That's, but I'm saying it's happened to you more, more than that. It Just happened like that. I don't necessarily, I've had scenarios where I got to the source of it and figured out like where the inspiration came from. I've had those, those incidents were the same titles or the same Like, You know, same terminology, same slain.


It might have been East Nashville, slain. Like don't nobody even say that. You know, like How you work. If somebody, if a New York artist came out making a song saying that, I think everybody from around hill would be like, damn where they Get that from. And especially in real time, You know what I'm saying? I put out a song six months later so Big artist with the same song, get that Shit from, You know. But I, every step of the way, like, and especially just growing up just maturing. I take it like it is like complimentary or, or flatter. I'm flatter by it in its own way. I do like, I, I guess that's why I think so much when people do gimme props or salute me because 'cause you don't have to, it, it is just easy to act like you don't know who a nigga is or You know.


So for all the people that do like give it up, I'm like, that's cool. 'cause I know what the opposite feel like too. Yeah. True. That, that was too close to me. I to say that I ain't for me for shit. I was just like, it's too close because shit, shit like that I, I really played it two times. I just be looking to see how he, you react to it real listen clearly on that first tape. Yeah. Okay. That's, They did go ham. Yeah, they did. They did Iham. I, well they, they, they, that's what it, it was called Roger Ham, My song called. Yeah. Where was theirs? Theirs just go ham. Right? Go ham. It just him man, listen, Ham. Yeah, it was, You got it first. Real. That was my Song. That this is when I, when You know, we, this is us first working together.


Yeah. So to see him reacted or respond to that man, that shit was the funniest shit in the World. Like Star Wars on some, them niggas got cameras in my house, Nigga They bid it. It's, it's my shit. I'm like, okay, maybe I, I don't really know. Yeah. He address that the first step brother. He Did. That's what I'm saying. That's why I was funny. And me just being, me being the permanent devil's advocate, I'm like, I don't fuck, fuck, fuck everybody. Matter of fact, you can Google it man. Right? Yeah. It happen. That's crazy. That's crazy. For sure.


Man. We gotta talk about nap sound man. Y'all are frequent here. Y'all got hella love in the city. They always should love to Y all man. What's it like pulling up to Nat Man For the people who don't know? Man, Man, it, it is, it feel like home to me. Yeah, I was about to say it is welcoming Because I've only ever been here in the same space and environment like where I come from. Okay. You know, we was, we was talking about like where we performed and it's been Yeah. A sweet 30 a, which was Limelight and was like Cloud Nine. Cloud nine Been there for every phase of this same time. Every Name Fusion and the Re spots like the Re rock for sure. Yeah. Gimme your features though.


Like shout out to Lil He, You know, shout out. Yeah. You know it's love in the city when you can pull up the fusion comfortably. Yeah. That's love. That's What I told you. I said, damn where y'all made it up. Y'all are good in my city. Love Facts. That's a wild spot. They had to shut that motherfucker down permanently. I ain't up. It's like it is y'all and Booy. Yeah. Y'all like stamped in the city like So. Yeah. That's a good space to be in though. Yeah Bro. Yeah. If you ever try to learn rap music from Indianapolis, it would not be your typical people. Here it is. Booy, Gotti, y'all like it is a D like yeah. Yeah. Platinum here. When we talk to people out of town that we know about like big artists, You know, future, we rock with future of course Jay-Z Ho and now people don't understand when we tell them like when they come to my city, it's cool.


Yeah. But we more so like people who was close to us, like more relatable. Like so y'all stand out like way more than them. Like in our city for sure. Yeah. Isaiah fight. Nah, for real though bro. Jay-Z come here and be like cool, You know, for as nigga's like Lido pulling up. I just told you my, my boy B just sitting my ass. That nigga when he sliding back down to the city, man, that's a fuck they anticipating y'all pull up for sure. Yeah. It's, it is always, I mean even we then they have like music out, like new music, her music it all, it's always a packed house. We done sold out them spots like Wall to Wild quite a few times. Had Mike ELs pop up on stage and snatch the mic from us.


I dunno where he came from, You know, just, I mean wait me show on the show Like me And We Grabbed the mic and said y'all nigga gotta smell like Hotdog water. So the people in the club, they smell like hotdog. That's him for sure. That's that shit. You know where he came from? I thought he was just another nigga standing behind us on, You know, the whole hood is standing behind us on the stage. Yeah. So, You know, I don't know who was who. So when he popped up and grabbed the mic, You know, our first reaction is, who the fuck Hope? Like this fucking Mike pps? What The fuck? Yeah, I was like That. And we had a slight, he had a slight idea, You know, what was really going on. But it was cool, You know, and, and he just was showing love 'cause he handed it right back.


He say shit about that. That was ridiculous. That's that nigga. That's how LeBron, it's always been. You know, I, I don't remember the first time I came up here like on my own time, but it is, it is always been a sign. Like went to Mutual, went to the game earlier. Like we walking to the game, probably take four or five pictures and robbed when we took hella pictures and shit inside of the game. But it's just Like, You know, even going, I mean I've been coming up here to pace games and whatnot, but it's like when people can see you, like you said, as far as being stamped, like it's, it's some cities that we only only saw one side of it, You know what I'm saying? And that's the, the hood side, the urban side.


And I think people appreciate you for it. 'cause I, I do understand a lot of artists don't, don't see that side of it. Nah, Thanks Bro. They might have, and no knock to them. They, by the time they was coming to a market like this, they might almost outgrew the hood or they were going to hard ticket venues or was on somebody tour or otherwise. And it's like, shit, I'm going wherever They got the bread Right. Pulling up too. So, Nah, for sure. Most Definitely. Man, y'all Pulled up to the city one time and put perform with, with the young nacho jerseys. Yeah, that was Legend Day for sure. Yeah. When I Got, I got y'all find that as nigga I was starting then. I didn't know what year this was.


My bad kid. He knew me like this every day. Man, that's funny. It's cool. I'm turked up in the morning. Nah, nah, In a video too. In a bone shock locker video. Okay. I appreciate that man, team man because genuinely real fans of y'all music, man. So that's hard that y'all do that for sure. And I said, And I said, that mama's revenge to my mama. She's like, nigga, what is this? I was like, listen to it.


She like, is this Why her for me? Except for me, man. I wanted to ask, bro, how did y'all cross paths with Kevin Gates? Our story is different. Well, You know, who wanted to tell that? What first Man? I, I'd say that was like 2013. Yeah, it was before we actually met this. This is just a strange, like I said, I don't believe in coincidence. So it happened like this. I'm pulling to the crib and when I'm, when I hit my garage, I, I take it, this is just dates, this is probably 2012 maybe.


Yeah. I type the CD out, whatever I was listening to. And so the radio pops on and his satellite radio at the time. Literally when I type the CD out, I hear Kay Slay at the time. Rest in peace. Yeah. He like, I, I hear him asking the artist he interviewing, he is like, man, so what you listening to right now? Like what you got in your, like if you have a five disc changer, what you listening to? And the artist on there is like, man, I don't listen to number Starlito. I'm like, I'm in the car by myself. So I'm like, the fuck, Like, You know, I was just, I'm about to cut the car off and, And I sat there and was like, I, now I'm curious like who is this? Just shouting me out on satellite radio. So they play some music when they come back. I figured out, I was like, Kevin Gaza hadn't heard of him at the time.


Yeah. And I was like, damn, that was real. He was like, man, that's the only artist I listen to. And so I went and checked his music out from there and was, I was rocking with it a few months later he had, I guess signed with Atlantic and one his ars that reached out to me through email and was like, man, we got this new artist we signed And we want to get you on his album or whatnot. And, And I was like, yeah, I, I rock with his music. We can swap something out. I do the verse, get him to do a chorus for me kind of thing. We just, just swap it. They sent the song, knocked it out. And I was on the way to Atlanta to meet Trip. We was working on Step Brothers two at the time.


And I was like, man, I'm about to send a song when I get to Atlanta. I'm gonna go through some beats and send you the song for bro to get on. And they was like, oh, Kevin living in Atlanta right now. I'm gonna send you, send y'all each other number. This is the whoever from Atlantic Records at the time, I think Brian Johnston if I can recall. And so I'm like, cool, You know, I reach out bro. Like he, he liked, he rocked with the verse or whatever. We went to the studio that night and he ended up pulling up at the studio and Oh, that was your first time meeting too? Yeah. Yeah. That was, that was actually the first day I ever met him. Oh wow. And so he, I didn't know that he pulled up to me and trip's studio session and like he said, well like he said all I guess perspectives of that was different.


But we, we did a leash on life Yeah. From Step Brothers too. And we did about a bitch cold Turkey that had all three of us on together. Yeah. Trip ended up leaving and me and Gay stayed there and did about four or five more songs and just kind of chopped it up and from there, You know, just like forged the bond and moving forward, like me and Trip ended up joining this tour, stranger, the fiction tour that fall. I was on his album, the NYB song. He was on our album. Yeah. Toured together and You know, the rest pretty much history. I talked to him yesterday actually. Nah, that's hard bro. Y'all, I feel like y'all kind of introduced him well to us.


Like it was, y'all introduced Us, introduced to me. I ain't know that was their first time meeting. I was, man, it, it is never personal. I just don't, I live in a bubble man. It is what it is. So when he was like, You know, my guy Kevin Gates spoke up, I'm like, I don't, I don't know who that is. Okay. Then when G got there, G is one. Like, again, this is my first time meeting him. So I'm a, I don't know, I guess I don't really talk much. So when G came in, he sat down and he just started talking and he was just, I, I thought them niggas knew each other but G was talking talking and he was talking about all kinds of shit.


A lot of shit made very little sense. A lot of shit made no sense. A lot of shit made sense fucking six years later. But either way, no, he was just talking and he was like, one of the things that it tripped me out because it, it was random, but me, You know, I guess following and paying attention to paying more attention to him afterwards, I understood for the most part he just speak his mind. But out out of the blue nigga was Like, You know, gates, goats eat, eat cans. They looked at adhesive off the cans. I'm like, why, why the fuck did you do that?


Me man, it, it came outta nowhere. But then starts when they started playing the music and when they started playing the music, I'm like, okay, okay, I can fuck with it. I fuck with it. I fuck with the, the, the passion in it. And all the way up until then, I didn't really, I didn't know who he was. I didn't know who he was or what he do. Ain't no shit. So when we started playing the music, I'm like, okay, You know, he, he got something and start, You know, we, they started discussing making music and some of the shit that he was saying, some of the shit he was saying about music kind of changed how I looked at certain shit. Hmm. Because he, we, I can't remember what record Star play him A record.


And the record was either too long or too short. I can't really remember. But Star was like, nah, it was it, he was scared he was gonna make it too long. And he was like, well You know, I don't want to do or add another verse to it or something. 'cause then the song gonna be too long. Gay was like, man, fuck Who don't give a fuck how long the song is. It was just 40 seconds, You know, that's all you got. That's all you got. Put that shit out. They gonna eat that shit up. And when he said that, I'm like, that's crazy. I don't listen on a fucking 42nd song. And then fucking two, three years later everybody's got fucking 40, 50 seconds song. That's somebody nigga was on to something and You know, the delivery was was You know, a a bit odd, odd to me. But it made per, that's why I said, You know, some of the shit made sense later.


Yeah. But meeting them then I could've sworn them niggas had already knew each other because You know, gates was having like personal conversations. I, I knew the niggas knew each other well what nigga, fuck Haven Haven met his music prior to then and I think the relationship he had with my music and he like wasn't shy about it. Yeah. A lot of it at that point to me was just kind of listening or, You know, hearing him out. 'cause he was explaining like how he got in, how and when he got introduced to my music, which made a lot of sense to me. Yeah. And I spent a lot of time in Louisiana. So like it was, I think I could, I think I understood Some of the slang was peculiar.


I'll just say that. Yeah. So he knew exactly what the nigga was saying And, And we bonded right away. And it, it really wasn't much different than, than me and Trip working together. Like the, the the work pace of the work just kind of just, it was just natural flow. Exactly. Like I said, we Ain't waste no effort. Six, seven songs in one session and they was all like outta here, You know, they was all smashes. I think he was on my call Turkey album like four times or something like that. Yep. As much as Like, You know, some people I get there like, oh, the first time I heard him was here for sure. I'm sure a lot of people maybe heard me for the first time on his project and that was same thing I'm saying. That's how I feel like it should go. Yeah. You know, Tre, that's kind thing.


And because there's a lot of artists tri early on with Yo Gotti working, working with Do. Yeah. And it is like for sure we trade the audience somewhere. Yeah. And, and there's some overlap and how, however, whoever you heard first, however you heard us, like that's what it's all about. Like me working with the younger artists, working with Lil Baby and No Cap and et cetera. Like I'm getting new fans, new audience, even though I'm 10 years older than these. Right. These artists. And it is just, I mean it's just really just a solid. Yeah. Yeah. But I feel like when it is easy and fun and, and all that and and creative to make music with, with artists, you gotta just like, you gotta ride that wave and, And You just make sense for, I wanted to ask y'all this question because you both were very vulnerable in your music.


You get a lot of your fan base like feel like they know everything about y'all when they meet y'all. Like you said, you just make Jason, y'all locked in because of the music. People hear y'all music, they feel like they know y'all instantly when they meet y'all. Yeah, Yeah. In most cases it get real awkward. Well, You know, I appreciate it. I, I value it, but I think sometimes people get, they get so invested in it that they forget that you don't know me. So even Like, You know, if you listening to my music And you listen enough for you to feel Like You know me, then one of the first things that should stick out is that I ain't, I'm not a, I'm not welcoming I guess if that's a word.


You know, you, so what happens, You know, we maybe we be moving around. People call, I was in the airport yesterday and a woman walked past and said, Hey Chris. I'm like, I don't even And I don't even know you. Right. So I like, I love your music. I'm like, you love it enough to think you could call me Chris. Yeah. But that's how, You know, some people, some people would be so into it that the line between, You know, entertainment and reality is, is almost invisible. And again, I, You know, I appreciate it. I respect it. But I think, I think, You know, we, we aware of, of it enough And we, I background is pretty much the same.


Yeah. So we make sure to to to keep the boundaries present, if that makes sense. So, You know, you walk up to me and I'm with my kids. I get it. You might not know I, You know, I ain't done trip with my kids. So You know, I'll politely tell you, You know, You know this. I ain't, we ain't doing no pictures or none of that. I got my kids and You know, some people get it, more people get it now than You know previously. But You know, if you don't get it, it so, You know, I know that if, if this goes sideways, I ain't really going to get, I ain't gonna interact with it. You know, a lot of, what's the word I'm try my best to diffuse.


Even if all I'm gonna do is walk away. I was in the fucking putt putt one time with my whole family and a couple asked for a picture And I was Like, You know, I, You know, this ain't the, You know, I can't really do that right now with my family. And guy just started snapping. He was like, man, you Hollywood ass niggas nigga think you this, he think you that. And I was like, damn that been golf clubs. No. See but that's the thing. See I, earlier I told you I don't play well with others And you sound like him when he can take pictures with fans. Listen the way, the way my family, the way we was raised is come one come all.


Yeah. So you don't mind if you four feet or nine feet, you gonna get everybody's feet on your ass. Yeah. So, You know, but I got my kids so I gotta be a father right now or a role model so to speak. Yeah. This shit can hit the fan when it hit the fan. You vastly out. I my entire, it was 30 of us in there. Yeah. And that's just how we rock. So if I, if if any physical altercation would've broke out, it would've been the worst case scenario. This shit wasn't going end lightly. And you, no, I gotta think 30, no 30 people stomping you out might kill you in here. On top of that, You know, what's the effect they have on our kids? These are small chi, You know, at that time they were small but these are small children and You know that's gonna be complete chaos.


They ain't the shit. They came to putt putt to be at a fucking, I don't know what you call it. Was that a, is that considered an amusement park? No, whatever the fuck it is. They came have fun. They come, that's a playpen man. I'm saying, You know, they, they, You know they ain't come to see a brawl. Nah. Right, right, Right. So You know I gotta, You know, I gotta be, You know I have to, I gotta think, think about the, You know, the consequences of how far it can go. And I get it. You love my music so much that you blurred the line, you don't get it. So I'm a excuse you even though You know nigga getting louder and louder. And I'm like man, and at this point in time my brother was alive and my brother is what was was a, he was extremely welcoming but it was a facade.


He was fake welcoming. Like, You know. Yeah man, we cool huh? We they ploting to rob you in like 20 minutes. Yeah. Soon as y'all go to whatever the fuck they, they fora, You know, they on your ass. Right. So even then, I, You know, I gotta diffuse him. 'cause again, the way my family rocked, if he would've set it off, it would've been, You know, I wouldn't have been able to diffuse it after that. Ain't no amen. Or it's a one-on-ones up. We don't, we don't know what those are. That's so, You know, shit would've got, aint that right Mo So nigga Niggas know now. Well y'all see Trip, he got your babies sweaty. Hey, if I got leave him alone, You know. No ain't you ain't got so No it ain't, it ain't that severe way.


You know you can't speak or You know. No, I just ain't no pitch though Set up. No, don't, don't do the, You know, and nasty. If you do, don't get upset with me. 'cause I ain't, You know, I ain't, I I'm standing on him, standing on, I'm in father mode. I'm in fa because think You know what happens when I turn, I take all these fucking pictures with you and now I gotta go to the front and have them call do the fucking all call. 'cause I can't find one of my goddamn kids. I was taking pictures with your Yeah, for real. Now I'm a bad parent. Nah, for no. You know, I, I had to, You know, I gotta pick the time and a place for everything and You know, if I'm in Target solo, I'm with it.


You know, I'll take as many pictures as you want. Shoot. We just at the game. I ain't turning a single picture down. Yeah. When we perform we, You know, shit, we willing to take a picture with every person that's in there. Yeah. If I got my kids, we ain't taking a, not a single picture And I, I don't, I don't agree with the idea of my kids being famous until that's, You know, until they old enough to make the decision for themselves. That's real. So I ain't for to sit here and let you take pictures of me and my family. Yeah. Or You know, you got videos of me and my, You know, if you, You know, familiar with me in any sort, you check my shit. My kids ain't all over my, my social media. I, You know, I feel like, I think it's a very thin line between that shit being cute and that shit being exploiting And I ain't trying to get no points off.


My cute kids ain't fucking adorable to me but dang what I'm in this for. And I feel like, I feel like in some cases, You know, the, the more you let people blurt the line, the the more blur is going to get and You know, and that shit make my kids extremely uncomfortable and people don't get it. Yeah. I was in, I came my target one day, I had my two oldest kids and You know, I'm naturally paranoid 'cause we, You know, we come from where we come from. So, You know, when I come out I peek this guy standing by this truck and he keeps staring at me and I'm like, man, You know, I, I had all, again, I'm paranoid. I I've already taught my kids. I won't say talk because we've never been in the scenario.


So I've already talked to, talked to them about what to do if shit, You know, shit goes sideways when we out and about And I've explained to them I got enemies I've never met. 'cause because I'm successful that's what success brings. That's real. So You know, when I peeked the dude I keep walking and You know he, he, I'm walking on one side of the parking lot. He on the other side so, And I pee him crossing. So I'm like all, what's up Greg? And I tell my kids to keep going, You know, 'cause if something happened I prefer 'em to be away from right here. And he was like, man I've been circling the park. I saw you go in. I've been circling the parking lot until you came out. He was like, man I fuck with your music so much. You was a fan. And I was like man, You know how weird that sound?


You circle the parking lot. I'm like in real time I don't know who you are. Yeah. Like I appreciate the love, I really do. I'm like man, You know while I was saying that he looked at my kids and my kids was like this. And he was like, damn man I ain't think about that. You know I fanned out and You know I ain't people I just made your whole no whole family but You know I made you and your family uncomfortable. Right. And he was apologizing to them and shit. And when I got in the truck I asked my kids, You know, You know, are y'all good? And it was crazy 'cause they like I said, I'm paranoid naturally And I ain't know that that rubbed off on them too. Yeah. They was like, yeah dad, we seen him when soon as we walked out we seen him staring at you.


So they never stopped paying attention to him. And I told them to go to the truck when he stepped over and when he pointed to to my left, that's when I realized they only moved like two or three cars down. They didn't go all the way to the truck. But that's 'cause they trying to make sure they see what's going on. But I say all that to say, You know, if you run into me And I with my kids, You know tone, tone it down, Leave This nigga Alone. Motherfucker wave at him, Chuck the pushing. Nah just nigga son you at Target.


You look good nigga. You know the music handshake with suffice man. You know, You know sometimes that shit just go too far man. Yeah. Like what's that feeling like? Man when people rap y'all, y'all y'all performing y'all something. But you can see the crowd rapping every word for word. Like I play basketball. So You know, you see people fan Now you, they cheer for you like your stuff. They might have your jersey on it, whatever. But somebody raping something. You wrote word for word bar for bar. What's that like?


Yo, what's good? This is Jeff T from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite were Duke beat Alabama, Florida Beat and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out on the open floor finding Cooper flag and all their talented players and Florida B and Texas Tech. What a win by them coming up big in the end. Now with my final four is set, I like Florida B and Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Jr. And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in the 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now you can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League And I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's, it's surreal and it's, it's still as surreal as the the first time ever. It, it would probably, well I could imagine it would be, it would feel the same way it would feel when you, when you leaving the game or any time in life when somebody got like a basketball card to you. Nah, That's different though because people buy Basketball Cards to sell them. Yeah. That's a hustle about that part of basketball Cars. I can't, I can't sell me rapping part. Well, see, I I I think that shit is euphoric. That shit, You know, it, I don't know.


It's, I don't know a better way to explain it. I think. I think that's just, You know, it's a, it is a special feeling. Yeah. I I ain't, I ain't never like imagined like none of this for myself. Yeah. Like, like you said you was listening to the street by song. Like I was wonder who Yeah. Said that shit aside won the rap just on some cool shit or, or You know, trying to make some money trying to get the girls whatever it was at that time. Like I ain't never like expect or You know, look at it as being like embraced or well received. Like I remember the first time somebody I didn't know telling me I was cold.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And that, that meant so much more just truthfully than like my friends and peers, people that I knew was on, they could just say that shit. 'cause they cool with me because they been, And I'm like, I'm on the other side of town and these, these dudes don't know me. Or I'm, You know, I'm up at TSU in a parking lot, like in a cipher just rapping acapella and people like, or the next day people like, man rap something else. I was telling my homeboy about you. And it's Like, You know, so the level up from there to like you said, something that I wrote down, something I put together composed and I'm four or five hours away from home or I'm 10 hours away from home or where we are on a tour and it's like night for night or just, just period.


Even like the new music just being received. But, but like you said, seeing people really rocking out to it and it's like, like it's day song. Yeah. Yeah. It is like damn. Like, 'cause I ain't, it is a Special feel. Yeah. I always wanna ask this question, especially for y'all. Where do you get more joy in making the music or actually getting able to perform and, and share it with people? I think it's like, even for me it's like 50, 50 mm I think making the music sometimes always like therapy and then to the last question when it's received well and it's appreciated. Like it is, it is a whole nother high to share it. Or like, yeah, we might have made the music a month or two prior or over the course of time, but like at the time I'm putting it out, I'm almost like enjoying it all over again when the other people listening to it in real time.


But that that feedback, that reception, like the last question there kind of skipped over of how do you balance like giving so much personally that people feel like they know you. Yeah. That's the, the give and take of that. It was like, for me, my music is my personality. My music is like I'm, this is all I know how to be, You know? And once I tapped into that, once I got out, like trying to work within the system, like I just went with, all right, I'm gonna be the best me, I'm gonna be the best version of myself. So true. That people taking it, that it is like, ah man, I don't really get no better than that. I ain't have to put nothing on it. The good, bad, happy, sad.


Yeah. In between. Yeah. Because the crazy part is people tend to like gravitate toward the darkest, the most extreme. So Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I'm, I make music that for me I might have been crying on the inside making it, but somebody else like, man this changed my life. This got me through this. Or like music was rapping my life right there. And I'm like, damn I was rapping my life. But the fact that it had that effect on you, like yeah, it, it keep me doing it. You know what I'm saying? Lemme know I ain't doing it for nothing. I say the same. I think, I think the joy come from, I don't get joy out of the creating the music, but like he said, creating it is the therapy for me.


Creating the songs keep me from, from the creating the song, keep me from doing other shit. I'll just say that. Okay. So I think the, You know, the creating process is more like the release and then, You know, the, the, the joy comes from another person being able to relate to something they wasn't present for. If that makes sense. You know, to meet me and say you went through so and so, so and so. 'cause when I'm making the record, I ain't thinking about what you going through. Like you say, I'm thinking about what I'm going through. Right. And I think that's refreshing for all people to know you ain't the only one. Yeah. In, in that certain battle, whatever that battle is. Yeah.


So, You know, I think for the most part the joy come from, You know, recce, from from meeting people that received the music. Yeah. Even when you say like the wrestling stuff or like generational stuff, like a lot of music is a time capsule. So we just speaking from art, just the era, this is the generation we grew up in. Like it it's music that's made today that I just don't get, I don't understand 'cause I ain't I to tell this nigga man I don't, I didn't Grow up Like, You know what I'm saying? Yo might be trying to put a song. He trying to put a song every day. I just can't get with it. But I done but but I Feel like it's still To say It's still somebody speaking for us or speaking a language that we understand.


Yeah. Because a lot of my favorite artists that I came up on don't do it for 'em anymore. Like, You know what I'm saying? Same here. I, when they making music present day, they trying to keep up with the new wave and it's like, man, just give it to me straight the way that you all had. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. And so that's, that's just something like we tap into like, like even even a project that who I, I don't know if y'all was gonna ask about it, we was gonna touch On Yeah, you about to. Don't worry about it. Yeah. Won't bad. But I mean it is, it is like speaking a language that if it is, if You know, You know, or or that that people that relate to it can understand. Nah, it's like a sweet spot Man.


Let's get straight to it man. It is very hard to make projects with the same name. And they all stood great. Y'all on the fourth version of this man, new Step Brothers on the way man. Indeed, indeed, indeed. By Your four baby Get it date away. Yeah, we came here really to, to, to drop the date. We was gonna drop it on five 20 but May 9th Step Brothers for Life. Hey Wow, we getting a drop You in the drop Step Brothers for life. Can I ask you this? Yeah, I'm married. I'm I know you married too. No. Are you still? No you're not. No, I'm talking about A purpose like it up.


Boy, shout to my wife man. Good. Yeah. Shout to my wife too. Kind of shit. Three off with that. I'm gonna stop you in your track then he brother three off with that. I don't even perform that. I was gonna say that's why I laugh when I gonna mute. Let the crowd say he don't Say that line no more. Oh, okay. We both fall Respect, Actually Censor. So I had to say it for Yeah, we'll let y'all figure that out. Have to be responsible. Shout out to Stacey. Y y this is my God for sure man.


But listen man, y'all blessed us for Man Made decision y'all to spin it Black is just to See. I think we ain't never, we never not in, I don't know how you would put that. I so to the audience or to the, the people who listen to our music, you'd assume that in between Step Brothers three and now that, You know, we ain't a, a group or tandem or I don't know how you look at it. I understand why people think that, but in real life in between that we ain't missed a beat like this. He was in my wedding. We like, we know each other, we around each other.


We, we talk to each other. We have a actual relationship. It's not just music and even with music. Like if, if I'm sure somebody's going to go and do it, but if you sat and counted all the records we done in between, don't worry about it. He said he gotta count right there. Yeah. He just asked this this morning. He was like, besides Step Brothers and them, how many songs you think they actually on? They each other's album all the time. Oh, you couldn't count. Okay. But you get what I'm saying? Yeah. That our, our relationship was never contingent on us being the group when we met. We was too solo artists. Yeah, for sure. We just worked so well with each other.


That's that we never really, it, it don't feel like work. So at some point he, he good with timeline. I don't know how long it's been. So at some point, You know, people keep asking about Step Brothers, four Step Brothers Fo And I was Like, You know, shit, we'll get to it when we get to it. And somebody told me, I think it might've been him talking me how long it's been I Eight years and 11 days. Eight years and 11 days. He been a minute That when he, when he did that shit I was like, oh, that makes sense then while people assumed that it's no stepbrothers folk shit been eight Years. Yeah. But it, it is just been life.


It's forever. Yeah, definitely. And and that's, I mean the Iron of the album being called Stepbrothers for Life is we really, You know, really thugging it out. We really living this. Right. I mean it is, our music is transparent. Our our music is full disclosure if you will. But like it just said, every step of the way we've been in in weddings, we've been at birthday parties, funerals for what it's worth. Like Right. Like every highs and lows. Yeah. And we've actually truthfully like only the grown that much closer in the time between Step Brothers three and nah. So I don't, I don't think it's felt like eight years for us 'cause we was going through everything, every step of the way to get here.


Yeah. But I also think it's like perfect timing and divine timing. The original plan we dropped three was to drop again that year, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. He said it and and people never let us forget it. But I mean, You know, like life happened. Yeah, Yeah. You know, just, I mean we don't gotta Right. Pinpoint all the all Yeah. Got real tricky. But anyway, You know, I think, I think right now we in a space, we're in a, in a accessible enough space for us to sit down and like I said earlier, we do all the Step Brothers records in person together.


We don't email none of that shit. Yeah. We never sent a song over for Right. Nothing that's, every stepbrother's take was recorded in person. And How long those take, How long does it take? Yeah. Like The process, if y'all had to the First, The first one we did in three sessions. Damn. Damn. The second one, I, I don't know. I don't, I don't know. Timelines it wasn't, yeah, the, the second one we started around the time of that session with Kevin Gates, which was like early 2013 And we, we finished it like our summer by the time, Is that the one we did the mixtape For two? Nah, that was three.


Three, Okay. But, but it was, it wasn't three sessions. It wasn't quite as fast as the first one. But we just would link out of town and was going to Atlanta a lot and just getting in the la it wasn't many sessions though. And the last one, same thing. We just get together, we did like a, a ep a a short mix tape Right. And an album at the same time. And that was over the course of like really the majority of it in about two months, two months time, maybe five or six sessions. And with this one we, we've gotten what, maybe four or five sessions and got the majority of it together. Just, I mean even our last session, session session we did four songs and damn in one session just not even really thinking about it.


But in that time in between like we had sessions where we ain't even probably play no beats. We just sat in there chopping it like this And I look up and everybody tired And we just go on our way. 'cause yeah, it just might be necessary as homeboys just Yeah, Yeah. Just to talk, You know what I'm saying? And them conversations are what make the best records anyway. Yeah. It Turns into the art, but we don't really Like, You know, like I said, You know, that's my brother so we ain't on no schedule so to speak. Yeah. So when we, when we do go in, of course, You know, we, when we book in time, we keep that in mind. Yeah. That, You know, we got paid until whatever, but we don't really, You know, I don't know, it don't feel like work.


So I don't much keep up with it. It just happens how it happens. And we don't do the, You know, like we ain't sitting saying, man, we gotta come up with a fucking, a single or catch it this or whatever the fuck. We ain't into none of that. We go and whatever happens when we in there and shit, it happens. And that's what we go with. And so far that's what our careers have been based off, You know, us individually and as a tandem, it's, this has worked because we've been who we really are And you know, it don't make no sense to try reinvent the wheel. Now I'm just trying to think like, y'all don't, I never hear y'all recycle shit, but y'all dropped so much music. Like, I ain't gonna lie, I was a rap problem with a recycle so much shit, Man.


I can't remember all this shit. I don't Yeah, you done dropped 36 albums. Yeah. So I wanna know, I wanted to ask why'd you do that? Like, what, what made you just get in the studio and like, man, I'm dropping 25 albums in two years, Man, we let people believe that me and him made some kind of bet, but in real time, 'cause he dropped 22, Man, I, I sat Just dropped. He, he wild. I sat in, in the, I was in a studio with one of my rap friends. He paid pass away long lived Casino Jizz. But I was in the studio, was working on a record.


Oh, I was working on a record, well I was doing a verse for him and he was like, man, when you gonna drop something else? I was like, when I just dropped. And he was like, it's been about two years. I said, what? And You know, we sit, we do the go through my timeline and this was like maybe 20, 21 maybe. Either way, You know, I looked at my last release And I'm like, damn, You know, it has been a minute. And I had no excuse for why I hadn't released. So after that, that kind of spawned the idea. I'm like, all right, I'm gonna put a tape out. And every time I said I'm gonna put a tape out, I didn't put a tape out And I used to overthink it, You know, I sit and do fucking 40 songs and then pick 15 songs and then everything else just sit on a hard drive.


So at some point, I don't really know what it was, but I sat and I'm looking at all these fucking songs on this hard drive that's just there. Nobody's ever heard any of it. And I said, man, fuck it. I'm gonna put this shit out. And I thought about it again. I said, no, fuck it. I'm just going to put everything out. I ain't, that shit's still on the hard drive. Yeah. I'm Like, You know, fuck this. I'm gonna put every from, from that moment forward, I said, every record I record, I'm gonna release it. Don't much make sense to hold onto it. I ain't, I don't have the answer to nobody. So don't much make any sense. Yeah. And then, You know, I'm in my own studio so I ain't even on no clock. So I said, fuck it, I'm gonna put out everything.


And what was the first one? The first tape is eight records. So I told myself I wouldn't ever put something out that's less than eight records. I feel like, I mean, people do it all the time to each it own. I felt like that wouldn't be, I felt like I'd be doing my audience a disservice to give you less than eight records. So IIII had no goal, You know, end of that month I college distributor. I'm Like, You know, hey, I got eight records. I wanna put this tape out. Said, Hey, let's do it. I did that And I said, I'm gonna, You know, do the same thing and shit. After about four or five of 'em, I said, You know, I think I can do whole year work for this shit.


And they said, yeah, sure. You know, they've heard it all before from everybody. So even the distribution company didn't know why I was dead ass serious. So when I did them 12 really on the 11th one. On the 11th one, they, I don't pay attention to the numbers. So, You know, they calling me and they telling me how successful the shit was. I said, oh, I can do this for 12 more. Man. When I started, when I started on that second 12, oh man, I was so exhausted when I got to fucking 24th tape. I said it could, the way I, my process is different now.


I used to be one of those artists always in the studio every day. I record a record every day. Now throughout the whole 24 tapes, I probably recorded, I probably was in the studio for three days outta every one of those months. Damn. Wow. And I, me Craig can tell you, we, we, I don't remember what tape it was, but I was in New York during the press run and me and him was on the phone. We was on the phone for a while. We was on the phone And I wanna say he called me about a particular song that he was working on. And throughout the conversation, You know, it really was this particular conversation. I was more a ear than, than a voice.


I'm just listening to him. Right. So I'm hearing him out. So at the end of the, the the conversation, I think I was Like, You know, I gotta call our engineer 'cause I can't get this shit to work. Like it wasn't working Like, You know, I'm trying to record here in the, in the hotel And I can't get this shit to work. Right. He said, okay. He is Like, You know, and he's fully aware of the timeframe you have to release music. And it might have been like a Sunday or Monday, we on the phone and he was like, okay, when you dropping I'm like, Friday. He like, okay, okay, shit, how many you got? Not a single fucking song. Don't have anything. And shit's gotta be turned in like Tuesday or Wednesday for the shit to to, to really be released.


And Craig was like, man, how the fuck do you plan on? You got nothing. I don't got shit. And You know, by Wednesday I had at least 14 or 12 songs at least. I don't know how many went on that tape, but I had the whole tape. I don't know man. Just Times 24. Like he did this 24 times. Yeah. Like how, bro, I have no idea, man. I really, like I said a second ago, it just let, whatever happens happens, you, if you go to each one of those, every song is probably 300 something songs. No two songs are the same. I didn't sit it and say, You know, I'm gonna do that this kind of record or make this kind of song. I cycle through beats and whatever pop in my head.


That's what I say. That's what I'm trying to think. And would it be in my real life, I don't have to worry about saying something I can't stand on. That's what I'm trying to say. That's amazing to me. Like how y'all can think of this shit. Like I don't, I can shout to y'all man. Everybody process a different, and when he was going through that, like at some point he said he was gonna do it for a year, maybe halfway through or, or through the first year. So I hadn't dropped in like three years. Yeah. Just I was kind of like, fuck rap and seeing him go through that and conversations we was having. 'cause I was, You know, I was on about half of those projects. I kind of worked my way out of, out of that ru or that space and, And I did my Love drug album And I was kind of like, at that time like, all right, I'm gonna drop in December.


He had dropped 11 projects already. I thought we was about to turn the corner and do Step Brothers after that because he was gonna do the 12 Groove. Yeah. I'm trying to get right and kind Like he said, I got 12 the Moment he did the, the 12th one. And I'm like, all right, what's good bro? He was like, I'm about to drop this January project. I'm like, you just did 12. He is like, do it again. And I'm, oh shit, You know what, look what happened when I did the 12 people, people would come, You know, some people gonna give you credit and a lot of people like to give backhand compliments. So one person will say, man, that's amazing. He did 12 records in a year.


And then somebody pop up and say Pappus did it first, then somebody said a currency did it first. And I'm like, man, I don't, I don't know if they did it or not, but that ain't the point. That's like saying, Hey man, I bought a house And you said, yeah, well my brother bought one before you. Nah. Yeah. What the fuck does that matter? Right. And I ain't, I never respond to it. 'cause I know how quick it'd get twisted and, You know, my response could, could make currency turn around and read it and You know, 'cause naturally you'd be like, fuck, fuck him. This ain't got nothing to do with him. Yeah. But it's easy for that to be misconstrued. And that's the last thing I want is for somebody to be able to take something I said and turn it into something.


I pride myself on what I say. So when I start seeing it, I say, all right, okay. Every times somebody mentioned fucking 12, y'all got somebody else did it. I said, all right, show me somebody that done 24 now until you show, show me somebody that done 24. I don't respect your comment, but somebody else did it before I did it. But I had to, it was, I had, I had a point to prove to to, to nas sayers It fuel you for a whole year. Yeah. It was so much music. Like me and Mike, like I told you we be sharing the music. He'd be like, you heard a trip out? I'm like, damn nigga, I just played it last week. He like, he like, nah, he dropped another one. I, I tripped out. He lost me. Now I just playing say list, I'm on half of them And I still ain't caught up.


But that's the beauty of it was, I was about to say, I think that's the beauty of it. I ain't, I ain't put all the music out for, I mean it happened. There are people who like listen to every record when it drop And I appreciate that. That's, but I also value the person who, You know, out of 24 tapes, they didn't make it past 13. This, that 13 tape. They was living in that space. Yeah. And that's that tape. Speak to 'em. I had, it happens all the time where people reach out and tell me about old records. They just now hearing this record. Yeah. They like, man, what you said on so and so, so and so record, man, it spoke to me. I had been playing say Less for so long, You know, I was, You know, I was stuck on that and then I heard this new shit, man, I fuck with it.


And I, I kind of look at that shit like Netflix series and shit. Like, You know, you might not be hip to the, the film or the, the show that came out four years ago. Nah. Yeah, that's a good respect. Now it's enough of it for you to binge if you want to binge real shit. And if you, You know, some of us only like what we like, like if, shit, I got a playlist right now, it is all RB and it's probably filled. It probably don't, it might be 10 records that's been put out in since 2020 that's on this in this playlist. Everything else is from me growing up or You know, whatever time period it was when I heard it. So I understand when people, You know, when they live with the music so tough that they got no, no, no ear for anything else.


And I want to hear the newer shit. I want to hear this, this is what I love, You know, this is what drives me. And if they never move on to another record, so be it. I, You know, I, I still feel you got enough Music for them niggas to hold onto. So, so yeah. I knew y'all was good rappers. My, they, they all know my wife obviously, but my wife, she don't listen to nothing. Really? Yeah. She listen to Spanish music and occasionally Lil Wayne. So she was like, oh, is Your wife Spanish? Yeah. Okay. So she like, I was like, that's, that's different. Okay. Makes sense. Now they get started. It makes sense now. Okay. No, but she like outta nowhere.


I swear to God I never talked to her about music. 'cause me and her argue about music and she was like, the start guy can rap, he's pretty good. I'm like, fuck you Another, I was like, The fuck you, you about to get a divorce? Fuck. And I swear to God I laughing and she was like, what? And I was like, you don't, you don't know them. She like, nah, I like their voice. And she was like, trip Don. Trip. I started crying, laughing out. I was like, I was, I'm gonna tell 'em that we about to interview. She's like, you about to interview them. I ride to them in the morning. Like that's real.


I got, I really need to know where the fuck she heard shit. We conversation On two. She got Wild, bro. You ain't just do that no Accident. I like was like What? What s ain't no such thing as a coincidence. That's real though. That's real. I I fuck with that. Yeah. I that, that's back to that like for, for us as artists, I, I could never like imagine the the reach of the music or where it is gonna go.


True. I made songs where I would've thought women would've hated me for making a song. Mm. And they'd be the one that they take to the one that they love or You know, I make something's so personal or so vulnerable and I'm like, maybe nobody else should be able to feel this 'cause it's just uniquely my own experience and then it's the standout record or whatever. So like, I mean that's, that's what's up. I I love to know what it was that answers I shit. Me Too. I was hella confused. Definitely appreciate y'all longevity of this shit man. Yeah, for sure. Definitely. Appreciate y'all for pulling up too bro. Definitely big for us.


Yeah. Yeah man, listen, I can't wait for Step Brothers Fo Drop May 9th Tap Me in May 9th whole life Man. You got the drop on Club five 20. We appreciate that. Come on man. You know we supported up here man. May 9th tap in Sir Brothers full life. We appreciate y'all man. We're gonna have to do this again man. Hey man with it, man with it. I ain't, You know, I don't much agree to traveling to, to, to people, so. Yeah, Because you don't get along with nobody We know Dig. But, but for me, my bad. But, but for me, The, I don't know, it, it always means something to me when, when people really, You know, really rock with us.


Yeah. Because I, You know, I don't got no, You know, I ain't no co-sign nobody hit you and say, You know, here's my artist or here's the guy we working with or whatever. You know, if you fuck with me, you fuck with me. Genuinely because of me. And You know that shit. I, I, I, I couldn't go without showing my appreciation back. So we created Saved I love bro. I was like shit, let's do it. I'm with it. Nah, we appreciate it because we definitely fuck with y'all. I ain't For sure. Yeah, I'm, I mean obviously from the shoes you can see I'm, I'm a fan of Nah for sure. A fan of the platform podcast, my boy. I wanted to talk more basketball with y'all. Can we? No, no, no. We're here. I'm Here.


There was a couple things. One of my partners wanted me to bring up, see if you remember playing Nashville Celtics said he gave y'all 35. My homeboy Jamie Graham. That was, that was one thing you might Damn 35. Yeah. What, what year though did we win? I think he said y'all might have won that one and they beat y'all in another tournament. That was, that was 35. But shit, I ain't gonna lie, I never played no defense shit. Shit. He probably had 35 shout out to bro. Yeah, I definitely no defense. He played at Vanderbilt. Vanderbilt Basketball and football.


I ain't never played. He probably did. He ain't play no man. I'm here to shoot this ball. That's what I was, see I Wanted to ask y'all, this is just an oddball question. What's, what's y favorite basketball movie of all time? Mine's Blue Chips. Yeah, he got Game bro. No, Ray Allen is the greatest basketball movie character ever. No basketball movie character with the worst script of all time basketball bro. Yeah, I like hoop basketball movie man. Oh man. Mines Hoop Dreams. I fuck with Hoop Dreams too Though. It was like almost like That was a documentary.


Damn. Yeah that was related was dope Was it was too real. Yeah that was my all And I ain't going to the NBA moment Like you seen Will Just period like Will was out pocket story. Nobody like Sunset Park, But I like Blue Chip. Damn Trip. Sunset Park, gimme Coach Sunset Park. Sunset Park was cool though. A rim. I about to say a butter Ri I ain't play the ball. Man. Threw the ball, boy took the ball, threw that.


But Blue Chips was so cold. Tommy, she got that penny And we know they was good but the way they was man Tommy, she and the Thermo bro was putting in work bro. Man he shot the same shot 23 times. The same clip, same mini. I was like come on man. Cordo is in the long Run bro. Fresh off the off bus. Not even Space Jam off the roof. I ain't, I ain't never was a Space Jam fan. I Like, I didn't like, like toy movies and stuff like That. Y'all disrespectful. The first page jam Mr. Classy y'all. I ain't saying we talking about Acting that shit trash And we, that shit trash into that's I, I wouldn't know animated, You know if you love basketball, I when you a child then you might have liked I ain't, I grew, I got older brothers and sisters so I ain't really Oh okay.


I watched Cartoon was shit cartoons on like I so he had sneak and watch cartoons. Yeah. Pretend he don't like him. I grew up thinking Ally Iverson was a creative player. For real. My brother was like, excuse me, nah, You know my brother Like, You know I'm younger Terrell. He like, yo, you gonna play like Allen. I'm like who the fuck is that? He like, yeah you gonna play just like him. I'm thinking he done created this nigga in his head or something. Then he showed me And I was like, I'm play like this nigga. He good. Like yeah then I got brave, then I got brave Damn near retarded. Why y'all like that?


Y'all know I was outside. I ain't really watch TV like that. Listen was wrestling. I was crazy. That was real bro. I was really ai. That's what he said. I know bro. I didn't bro. My brother told me I only watched wrestling bro. That's all I watched. I can dig it. I used, yeah I used to watch shit out wrestling. That's all I watched growing up. Dang. And it probably was not a good thing 'cause I was already violent. Him Too. He took that wrestling shit to the NBA like nigga Real charact. I'm glad they came on the show. They not start playing around man. Like I said, it's why I couldn't play man. I would've definitely been, I would've been running on test.


Nah. I had some glimpses around our choice. Yeah, baby like man, he's been injected for the first seven games every game he gets ejected. Who was your favorite player growing up? Penny. Harder though. For sure. Yeah. Shout to coach Penny. He lay back. Cool nigga too though. That makes sense. Shout. Who was your game? Like if you say you played like somebody, who would you say you play? Man, that's a good question. Moki Bladelock At the time because of The, the time period. I graduated oh two at one point. It was like D Miles was tall and slim and shit.


I, it was, Is that Deon Wagon class too? Oh two I think so. Was year before LeBron? Yeah. Yeah. That's JJ Reddick in them class. Yeah. Okay. Lamar Melo. Yeah. Yeah. Hell class. Yeah. Fel and McCan. All them was And we played them Junior Olympics. Did you give them buckets? Man, they beat the hell outta this. Nah, people don't, I'm not gonna lie. Rash McCants NL was the best player I Played, Played against on the court. For real? He was dive like at the time we graduated. Mm. Cory Brew was in my, in my district in high school, but he was like a couple years behind me.


He was nice. Okay. And You played against some shit. You just wasn't no regular, regular ball player. You played against some NBA talent I Played. Yeah, we played like high level A U. Yeah. And you could hear in his raps, like when he talking about basketball, like the way he talk about it, I'm like, he really play basketball. Yeah. And some people who play basketball like I get 30 like Curry. It is like, nah, for real. Who saying that was at one of your boys? That Man, what's the name, You know?


Studio my house for the wrong reason. I just make the cracked on that. Real mixtape not Trip. Starling, we outta here for Life. Out Life. The Volume.


Hey, all you women's soups, fans and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans. We've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up? I'm Laura host of the podcast Courtside with Laura Corti, A masterclass case study of the business of women's sports. I'll be chatting with leaders like Tennis icon, Alana Cloths. I Don't do what I do only for women, I do it for everyone And I want the whole market. And innovators like Jenny Wynn, I Would say 50% of the people that come visit the sports bra aren't sports fans. They come to be in community. They come to be part of this culture. Courtside with Laura Corte is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corte starting April 2nd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.