
The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NBA Score big with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet, just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text Hope NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, C dk eng.co/b ball,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Sometimes live can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth, should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Y'all know who it is. It's your favorite dog. And I'm riding around here in Vegas where my guy Keith Lee and he's the Internet's most popular and famous food critic. He was named one of Forbes 30 under 30 class member for 2024. A viral food and local restaurant reviewer. Charitable influencer and advocate for small businesses. One of the top digital content creators, social media superstar and sensation king of TikTok food community. He has over 19 million followers between TikTok and Instagram. A farmer, mixed martial arts fighter. Beloved father, husband, and he's the people champ. Keith Lee. God Is amazing, man. I'm honored. Ah, I appreciate it bro. All my life. Been grinding all my life.


Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of dice, the swat. All my life I've been grinding all my life, all my life. Been grinding all my life. S hustle, the, I'm excited about this bro. Ooh, you was intro and I say who that I don know who that man is, But I mean, I appreciate this, this tour of Vegas and some of the locals hotspots. Let's Do it. Yeah, I'm Excited. I'm super excited.


What are the five best cities for food? Top five and order You, you can put 'em in order if you like. If you can just give me your top five. My order personally? Yes. New Orleans number one. Okay. Houston is number two. Okay. Chicago is number three. Wow. Toronto will be four. Okay. Right now. I, I would go Miami. Yeah. If I had to think of where I would go back, I would go Miami for sure, man. But top three is solid. My top three is New Orleans, Houston and Chicago. Wow. Solid. No, no Atlanta, no New York M So very specific reasons why I say that, right? Yeah. So for those that don't know, we go, we go on food tour, but we go on food tour for people that look like us and people who come from the background that we come from.


Okay. So we specifically do it for people that can jump on a plane that are foodies and just wanna go try food. Right? So I don't do it in a way where you can go call the biggest influencer in that city or the biggest celebrity and have them chauffeur you around and show you places. I, I do it specifically for people that literally just wanna go try food. Okay. So we go to spots that are more on the unknown level, places that only locals know about if you know, you know, kind of places that have great food, great customer service, but can need the marketing. But we also go to staples of the community to show respect to each city that we go to. So when I'm picking these places that are my top five is more on accessibility. Okay. Like what stick easiest to jump on a plane and just go get some great food.


Okay. And I feel like New York isn't in that top five for me because the accessibility of to know the spots Yeah. Is really hard to find great spots unless you're from there. Correct. And, if you do meet somebody that's from there, if y'all not super close, if you just meet this first for the first time, they more than likely not gonna give you the spots that they go to. Right. Because one, they don't want the spots blown up. So they don't want everybody there. Two, they aren't a super welcoming group of people. Right. They want you to be a tourist and that's it. But once you start venturing off of that and you start deepening digging into like local spots and spots they've been going to for years and spots they have nostalgia attached to. They don't want no parts of it. Yeah.


What's The best city to get pizza in? New York. Got that. New York. New York. Got that. That was one of the best things that we had when we was there was pizza. I'm from Detroit, so I like a deep dish, thick, hearty. I try Deep, deep dish. Oh. I'm a deep dish. I Like to defend. See, but that's 'cause you from Atlanta. Yeah. Understood. Yeah. I, I feel like Are You born originally? I'm from south Georgia, Georgia. Understood, understood. Yeah. But I see like when I get that deep dish, I feel like I'm eating a piece of cake or something. That's pretty much, yeah. Yeah. See now if you, if you don't like a super thick then I would say, but personally like it, I'm from Detroit, so I like a deep dish. I like, I like the dough to be super high quality and to be the main focus.


What about, what's the five most underrated cities? Oh, you put me on the spot. Let's go there. Shannon. Top five. Most un most underrated. I will go Detroit. Okay. I feel like not a lot of people know that Detroit has a food scene. Seattle. I feel like it is one of those places again, if you know, you know, if you a true foodie, you know Seattle has a great food scene. Baton Rouge. Baton Rouge is is a place that is very specific now. Like it's, I it is black people, black people, black country food. So if you are in the country food, I'm talking about Hog mall neck B. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Smothered Everything. Smothered and covered. Then Baton Rouge is definitely a, a under known spot.


Arizona. Oh, Arizona. That's perfect. Arizona. I feel like Arizona is underrated. And the reason I say that is because you get a lot of healthy spots, but you also get very authentic, from my knowledge, authentic southwestern, Southwestern food. Even they have a really big native population. Absolutely Native food. Yep. And I've never been to a place that has native food. Right. Milwaukee got a a, a good food scene. That's, that's pretty underrated. Wow. Yep. Oh, Dallas. Dallas got a food scene that's definitely underrated. Really. For sure it's here or miss because it's a place that like doesn't have much of a big food culture other than barbecue. Right? Yes. And Southern Texas roots.


But as far as stepping into other cuisines and other ethnic ethnicities, they don't really do it that much. Right. So, but the barbecue alone carries Yeah. Some of the best barbecue I've ever had in my Life. What about the worst where you go like, man, y'all be, y'all, they be hyping this up and it ain't even like that Food wise. Yeah. New York, Atlanta. Yeah. So, You know, you gonna stop talking about Atlanta. I just want you to know that's my whole is based off of Our experience. Absolutely. So for me, Atlanta and I, I'm, I'm so happy you asking this. Atlanta had really good food. Atlanta had a good food scene. It's just, you have to be somebody in order to get food. Do you have to name drop when you go to Atlanta and get food?


Nah. 'cause I really don't go the places that I go to, they kind of know me. So when I like, I call and they, they gonna take care of me, but I, I ain't Nah. But do you feel like if they didn't know Shannon Shark, no. Hell, I ain't getting there. They be like hell no. And that's exactly why I say we do the food tour for people that really wanna jump on a plane and just go get food. Yeah. If we go to a place specifically because I'm Keith Lee and we go eat at the best restaurant and people want to jump on a plane and go try that Spot, they're not gonna be able to get the Service. They're not gonna be able to get it. Not only the service, they're not gonna be able to get the food. Right. They gonna go in there and they be, oh, we ain't got no bookings for the rest of the day. Right. This, that third. But let Shannon Sharp walk in, we got six tables as wide open, we about to clean them right now you get the fresh food.


So that's one of the main catalyst of why we do So it's ma it is not so much the food, it's the service. Absolutely. In order to get the food. Yeah. Okay. For Sure. Are you surprised you got so much blow back for, for when you critique Atlanta and you let them know that its not so much the food, it's the service. It, if you're not somebody, you're not, you're not getting in. They're, they're always crowded. They're always booked and, and they only treat people that of, of influence. Was I surprised? No, because it is like ripping a bandaid off of something that people didn't know was a scar. Right. If you from there and you was born and raised in that environment, you don't know no better. Right. You think that that's what the food scene is and you think that's what culture is.


Right. Because that's part of Atlanta's culture. Right. I just came from a perspective of somebody who wasn't from there and somebody who was experiencing it for the first time. The death threats and whatnot was I surprised about that. Yeah. That was the first time I ever experienced something like that. People Taking food that Serious. Oh, it's bad. It is real. Even in DC we got a death threat from a guy who like, who's a rapper out there and he talking about next time he come instead of reviewing food, we gonna review his life or something like that. We just eating food man. Yeah. It is like t my opinion isn't the end all be all. No, I understand that. Everybody has a different opinion on food and I always say that, but I get how the internet gets too and I don't blame 'em because people are prideful and where they come from.


Right. And people have a lot of, of of love and nostalgia in the city that they come from and they feel personally attacked. And I wanna make put it on a record right now that when we go for the food tour is not to find what the best food is. It's specifically to highlight the restaurants that, that have great food, great customer service, but can need marketing. And don't get the marketing specifically because either they in a food desert to where a lot of people don't have access to the food that they, that they would need or want. Or two, it's a location based place. Or three, it's a place where the owners have put so much into the restaurant itself that they don't have the time or the money to market. Right. 'cause a lot of people who do food reviews, that's why I don't consider myself a food influencer or a food creator or any of that.


'cause I don't charge restaurants anything. Right. When I first started, people was telling me I could charge anywhere from 5,000 to 10,000 per video for a restaurant. And I know people that do that, that charge more more than way more than that. But I specifically do it for the restaurants and I don't charge 'em a dime. So that's what the food's word about, it's about, it's about marketing these places and it's about going out and trying food that my mom can go in the next day and get the same experience that we got. Like old school whoopings can't sit on my As. Yeah. Atlanta had good brunch. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Atlanta had good brunch, food tour. Yeah. You call hill getting in there for bru And I don't want that to be mistaken at all.


Atlanta has good, Good food. Yeah. They're not, you're not saying they don't have good food. Yeah. Atlanta has really Good food or good brunch of anything you just said. The customer service, the Way I really like the people in Atlanta, I love how many of us is out there. I love the, the wealth that's out there and the things that that those kids that are from there are exposed to when it comes to black wealth, when it comes to black excellence, when it comes to a community that's built around us for us. I never want that to be lost in translation when it comes to the mecca of what we do and the highlight of us is Atlanta. But at the same time, if you ain't got a certain status or a certain million followers, you better cook at home for The show or eat before you leave at home to the week.


Absolutely. Gonna be a minutely a thousand percent. Yeah. Yeah. Do you try crazy foods? Have you tried crazy foods? Oh Yeah. What you consider crazy. I mean I ate as a kid. I ate raccoon, I ate squirrel ate rabbit. You country ate Turtle. You country, country. No, I, I try anything that I always say, I'll try anything once. Right. So you would try raccoon Possum. Yeah. I'll try it once. Okay. But I like it. I don't know. Right. You eat, which, but how do you eat it? You eat like cool Soup? No, no, no. You, you bake it. You put it like bake. Yeah. Put it, yeah. You put it in the oven, you cut it up. Bell peppers, onion, celery, you put it in there oven. Oh You a different kind of country. Shannon. I mean I, I'm not gonna lie to you and say I won't because again, I'm a foodie so.


Right. I get very interested in stuff. I'm the type to my, my family be getting mad at me all the time. Right. I'm the type to walk into a random establishment and be like, ooh, we was in Seattle and we walked by and we saw ducks hanging out the window. Yeah. We walked in, got a duck, he cut the head off right in front of us and we went in the car and ate it. That was my first time ever doing something like that. But I'll do everything once you Liked that? Mm. It was Real good. This is good. I mean, yeah. It depends on where you get it from. Yeah. A lot of times it can be game. Yes. It could be a little too overpowering and chewy and texture. Yes. But the one we just had was super crispy. It was flavorful, it was fresh and was juicy. Like I said, they took it right off the rack and cut it in front of us. You Like quail? I like quail. I like Quail. Yeah. Yeah. We just had a, a quail egg. The scotch from when we was in Seattle, it was like a scotch egg.


It was wrapped and it was fried but it was a quail egg that was wrapped in bacon and then fried again on the outside. It was Good. Yeah. But you need to eat like seven of 'em to get food. Yeah. That's the fact. They like just get I eat Shannon. Yeah. I'm a eating man. Yeah, for sure. I saw where you ate the sushi worm. I knew that was coming. So when we was in Seattle, we went to a place, it was a sushi spot. Okay. And a bunch of people were recommended. Okay. It was a staple of the community and it was out the door when we went. So we went just to show respect to the city and go to a place that was a staple. Okay. I did the full review, did the full video, I posted it two days later somebody tagged me in a clip of them slowing it down. And on one of the nagis there was a, what seemed to be something moving, I can't confirm it or deny what it was.


I'm not gonna say it's a worm or parasite or anything. It was something that looked like it was moving and I ate it. I had no idea what it was. I had no idea there was anything moving into somebody tagging me in that video. Okay. That whole thing spiraled into something else. Allegedly. I, I can't confirm or deny that this is specifically from the restaurant, but somebody was hospitalized a day after we left. And again, I can't confirm or not it was from that restaurant. And in my mind, if anybody did go to a restaurant that we did go to and they were sick in any way, I came and spoke, spoke up about it because I wanted to send my heart and my, my, my support to that person. Right. They say you like sushi.


I love sushi. Yeah. I mean I, I've never had it. I just, I I just like my food cooked. I just can't You don't like nothing raw? Mm, no. Mm I can't. I was about to say something. I'm gonna leave it alone. Yeah, Do it. Yeah. I, I'm a, I like something wrong but not No, come on Michelle. I know you going see But yeah. No I, so I, I, again, I'm a foodie. I can't have shellfish but I explored everything else other than shellfish. Right. So That restaurant got closed down though right. From allegedly from what I hear, they did put a statement out and said that it was closed but I believe it was closed because they are looking internally. The owners have reached out to me on a bunch of different occasions and I get the impression that they are just fine tuning things Yeah.


And getting things together because I don't get the impression that they were malicious in any cer any fashion or that they were neglectful. I believe it just was a Isolated incident. I feel like it was just an unfortunate incident that was put on the internet and I feel like anybody could have put on the internet and it would've blew up in the same manner. Right. It just so happened to be that we were the ones that that posted it. Right. But I truly believe that not only in my opinion, I even gave the sushi that had the alleged whatever it was moving on it. I gave it like a 8.5 and that was the highest thing out of the entire thing. Right. Outta the entire what I was eating. Because in my opinion it was delicious. Right. I just believe that once they take a step back and really like see what, what it was that could have been an issue that they'll be back better than others.


And I'm not opposed to going back and that's Where I was going. I was gonna ask you, would you be open to going back and offering another review? Absolutely. I'm not opposed to going back if I'm welcomed. If it is not a review, if it's just having a conversation. If it's being back on opening day and bringing my family and and showing my support and showing that. I mean it when I say I understand that as a business it's a lot harder than just food itself and I had nothing but respect and love for for them and what they do. Keith, I went shopping yesterday for you. I know you'll be doing all these reviews and sometimes the food is really, really good and you want to take some of it home. So I went shopping for you at Amazon.


I got you Something. That's fire. Keep the leftover sir. That's fire. I appreciate you man. Just being here with you is more than to gift. Appreciate You. Alright Shannon, this is where everything started man. We was in here two years ago. We've been living here for like three or four years. This is where I had my babies at. This is where everything started for me as far as contracts for us fighting food reviews, starting at Papa Patrol chair. Yeah. This is the mecca for real. This is the beginning of Keith Lee as we know it.


Absolutely. And then sound. Yeah.


The days are warmer, the walks are longer. And one easy way to help your dog shine this season is with fresh, healthy food from farmer's, dog farmer's. Dogs make fresh real food and delivers it right to your door. Recipes are developed by vet nutritionists made from real meat and veggies and proportion just for your dog making it easy to say goodbye to burnt brown balls. Feed your dog real food with real benefits. My Pomeranian Teddy love the stuff and his coat has never looked better. If smart, healthy pet food, you can feel good about feeding your pup, it's the best option for your dog of all life stages because it's not kibble, it's not canned. Go. It's real healthy food. And it doesn't matter if your dog is young or old. It's always the right time to begin investing in their health. That means more happy, healthy, full years together. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food from farmer's dog.com/shesha+you get free shipping. Just go to farmer's dog.com/shesha to get 50% off. That's farmer's dog.com/shesha.


Keith, we're back at the condo where it all started. Absolutely. Being back here, what kind of memories come rushing back? Everything man, this is insane to me. So literally from, we moved in here to 2019 when me and my wife had no money coming in for real. When I say no money, we was trying to figure out how to even survive. Damn near the rent was a thousand dollars. We moved in, we had both our babies here. The pandemic happened here. All of the videos that you see online happen here. Me even starting on TikTok 'cause I always had bad social anxiety. So I never posted. I never, man, four years ago you could never get on camera. Right? So like this is where everything me even getting comfortable to be on camera started. I don't know if you can feel it, but it's like I'm getting goosebumps bro.


Right? Like I ain't even here so long. I'm like look, you can see that. I see standing Up man. But yeah, this, this mean everything to me. You mentioned that you started posting the TikTok videos to help with your stuttering to help with your social anxiety. Yeah. And also to help you because in MMA you're gonna have to do interviews. Absolutely. And so you could be more fluid in your conversation. How did, how did the TikTok, what made you think say, you know what, let me get behind the camera. Let me just talk, build up some courage to do this. And then once I get in front of people I should be able to do it. Sitting right here doing interviews. I was sitting, I had like a little table and I would sit do inter MMA interviews and I would be so bad it would literally mess up my entire week. Like from the point where like the second I gotta think about doing the interview right to three or four days before the interview, to the actual interview, to a week after the interview.


It literally would just like ruin me. I'd be sweating, I'd be nervous, I'd be clammy. So during the pandemic, we ain't really had nothing else to do. Like we, like I said, she was pregnant. So my brother fought in Brazil and the second he fought from in Brazil, the pandemic started while I was out there. Wow. So she called me and so they don't really, they didn't really have the same newsfeed that they have out here. So when my wife called me, she like everybody taking stuff off the shelves, they panicking, they grabbing stuff and they wearing masks and that's, this is when it first started. So you know, people were wearing hazmat suit and all top. So she called me and she was panicking and I'm like, okay, as long as I can get back then I'll be safe. Good. But I was worried about getting back and so by the time I got back I was like whatever we need to do to get this issue, like under wraps even a little bit, I'm gonna start doing.


And TikTok at that point it was either like you was made fun of for having it or you people was like, bro you missing out 'cause this is where everybody we in the house so this is where everybody at. So I think it's one of those things where God don't make no mistakes and my wife was telling me to do it so I was like, I'm like as well. Try it. Seeing where you are now, seeing where you were then, what's going through your mind? Emotions bro. Like I'm trying not to cry. I ain't going to you. Yeah, it's, it's surreal because I remember vividly having conversations about the exact moment that we in right now coming back and rejoicing and having like that like I made it moment and the fact that it's here, I don't even think it's impo.


I think it's impossible to put into words. Right. I just can't wait for my kids to be able to watch this because I got a 4-year-old and 2-year-old and both of 'em are born in this house. So I just can't wait for 'em to watch this and and let 'em know their daddy made it. Yeah. You mentioned the MMA aspect of it. So how did sports help you get over your anxiety? Because you're around people all the time. I mean it's kind of hard to play sports and not have a conversation, not be having interaction. So did it help or hurt you playing sports? I would say it kind of hurt me because the, the sports that I was playing. So I wrestled all from middle school to high school to my first year in college and even my first year in college, the only reason I didn't wrestle all the way through is 'cause I couldn't afford it. So I got kicked out. But I feel like the reason it hurt is because wrestling and MMA guys are very awkward anyway and a lot of 'em go through a lot of eating disorders.


They go through a lot of anxiety, a lot of depression. But it's not a thing that spoke of in the sport. It's not a lot of people that come in the forefront and say it because we MMA fighters, we like the modern day gladiators. We supposed to be the tough guys. So I think a lot of it is is hidden. So for me, once I got into the real world and I got into a space where I wasn't around nothing but fighters or wrestlers, it made me feel like the outcast. I always kind of felt like the outcast even in wrestling, but even more so when I was in normal society because you had, it's a different level you gotta turn off when you fighting you. Yeah, For sure. Absolutely. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's a different level. You gotta turn Off you, you really Fighting, you locked in. So it's, it's something that, that I feel like a lot of people don't have to be able to switch on and switch off.


So for me it was hard to switch that off once I got into like a space where people looked at me more for doing cooking videos or more for doing food critic videos and they looked at me for fighting because as you know, as a professional athlete, you think that's all you're gonna do for the rest of your life. Correct. So it was such a drastic change for me that I feel like fighting hurt, it hurt a little bit because again, I didn't have that social interaction with people. All the social interaction with people I had was people that got kicked in the head for a living. Right. So it was like they talk different, they act different, they have a different mindset. So once I got into this space and I'm like, you don't worry about getting punched in the face But did it because like as you mentioned other fighters, they're kind of socially awkward trying like yourself, they have anxiety, they don't really care to be speaking on camera.


Did it give you a certain level of comfort hanging around people that were kind of just like you, you guys had something in common Subconsciously? Yeah. 'cause like I said, you don't really know what you don't know. Right. I didn't know. 'cause I I don't really consider myself socially awkward. I consider myself a person who willfully exit from conversations, say exit from social interactions. So again, it is something that you don't even realize until you get around other people and you like, wait y'all just be sitting here talking to people like you be mingling. Right. Like I never did that. Like even networking I don't do that. Are You naturally an introverted person? Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. A thousand percent. I think a lot of it is trauma based. I had a very traumatic childhood. Okay. My parents did the best that they could because my, my mom and dad were always super involved.


I've just always been kind of like a quiet stu state of myself kind of person. And then when I didn't and I tried to step out of that and tried to be like the life of the party and like the extrovert that would go out, party drink, smoke, I always ended up in like, I was always the one that was targeted for some reason. Right. And I, I genuinely believe now in retrospect it was because God was telling me that that's not for you and you're trying to fit into something that don't belong for you. So I'm gonna make you an example and I'm gonna stick you in the forefront. And I felt like that was always the example for me Being socially awkward as a child, having a speech impediment. I had one of the, I still have a list I talk with, why do You think I got a speech impediment? Where'd that come From? It seemed like you, you had a stuttering problem, correct?


Kind of. Yeah. Okay. We gonna speak. I mean mean but that's, I mean you do realize stuttering as a speech impediment, It wasn't necessarily stuttering. It was more or less Of like trying to, I guess it's stuttering. Yeah. You got it. You got it. But did kids, did kids make fun of you and make you go deeper? Deeper into being into yourself and deeper, deeper introverted? No, I was, if anything I was a bully. I ain't gonna lie to you. Okay. I was a, I can cuss. Oh, I was an asshole bro. Like growing up as a kid it wasn't no me getting Bullied, it was more the opposite. 'cause I was always real small. So when I graduated high school I was like four 11 maybe like a hundred. And Who you bullying at four 11?


Exactly. It, it is, it was one of those things, it was, I got a, I had a little man con complex. Okay. A little man syndrome. So it was like the last thing you was about to do was mess with me again and again, I wrestled all through high school. So I had that edge over a lot of people. But for the most part I always was fighting, I was always arguing. I always had a problem with authority. So for me, I never, again, I never really realized that I was this introvert or this super quiet person until I got into spaces where I would be around other extroverts or I got into spaces where like say it was networking events or like people looked at me something other than a fighter. So my, my older brother fought, he was in the UFC by the time I graduated high school.


So I always was in his shadow. Okay. So for me it was easy to be like, I'm just Kevin Lee's brother. Okay. Like I don't really have to step out of that. So when all of this started taking off and like I was Keith Lee, that's when everything like opened up for me and I really saw like, oh you really got an issue. Like you really can't do interviews. You really can't talk to another human being For more than five minutes without you sweating bullets and like literally like want to shut off and just run in your room for the rest of the day. Right. It, that didn't really start until, like I said, like 20 19, 20 20. But as a kid, yeah. You couldn't tell me nothing. So how was it at, at at family time? Because you said, I mean did you realize it? How is your family, are they very talkative? Does you know, you guys sit around the television and carry on conversation or watch, watch a program together?


So how was it growing up with your brother and, well you said he's already in the UFC so he's consider probably what, five, six years older than you? Four years. So I got a, a brother that's four years older than me. A brother that's four years younger than me. And then I got a sister that's seven years older than me. Okay. So how, so how, how would, how was your childhood? How was your, you know, you and your brothers, did y y'all get along? Did you fight? No, So we definitely didn't get along. Okay. But for me, I, like I said, I was always, I felt like the black sheep. But I feel like me and my sister argue about that a lot 'cause she felt like she was a black sheep. But, so my sister, she had guy parents. So growing up she was always with her godparents. And then it was me, my older brother, my younger brother, my older brother was a very smart kid. The kid who everybody like modeled after and everybody was like praising at all times.


He had always had like a 4.0 gray point average. He was in sports, he was light-skinned, curly hair, pretty boy. You do Light-skinned too? I way lighter to me. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And right. Typical B 2K. Okay. Okay. Like super curly. When I was younger I was always the darkest side of everybody in my family. So, and I like, I was small. The main thing about me as a kid, I always either hurt myself or I always like ended up in a situation to where I was the center of attention but for the wrong reasons. Self Hurt yourself or I was clumsy. Okay. So I, my head was the same size it is now. I was just four 11. Wow. So, so it's like my neck wasn't Strong enough to carry.


Right. I got scars all back here. I got a scar on my forehead you see here? Yeah. I see. I got scars all in here. When I say like that was a normal thing for us to have a family function and us to end up in emergency room because Keith then bust his head open. I had staples. That's happened to me at least, I would say six, seven different times, seven different occasions. And for me, like I said childhood wise, it was more or less of like I was always trying to figure out where I belonged and why I belonged where I belonged. And I never could really like figure it out. So I was always longing for attention. So I always had a problem with authority and I would make it known that I had a problem with authority. So I was always the one getting suspended.


I was always the one getting kicked outta school. I got kicked out of five or six different schools. I got exp when I say kicked out, I mean expelled from the whole school district. Dang. So yeah it was, it was like that. Did you have a problem with, you know, parents or authoritative figures? Did you have a problem with your parents? Absolutely. Yeah. Me and my dad used to get into all the time to the point where I moved out when I was 16 and with my god brother. And then when I moved back in, we ended up moving here. And then when I met my wife, I met my wife when I was 18. I was homeless at the time. Let me tell it, I ran away from home and was sleeping in My car. You had a place. But Yeah, I had a place I just wasn't staying. She did tell you I literally was sleeping in my car and I never told her this until maybe like last year I would like, so I was working as a lifeguard.


I would drive to work and I had like a 2000 Nissan maximum super bucket. I used to drive to work in it. And then as soon as I would get off of work, I would text her and be like, Hey, I'm on my way over to you literal do she know I'm already sitting in the parking lot and I've been sleeping there for three days. Wow. And I'm literally like on the phone with my cousin, with my sister and telling them like what's going on And she think I'm getting off of work. But whole time I've been sleeping in the parking lot. I walk upstairs, take a shower, get some food, be like, oh I'm headed back to work. Just 'cause I didn't wanna be embarrassed. Walk back downstairs and sleep back, back in my car. Wow. Yeah. So that was happening for maybe like what a month maybe? Yeah, maybe like a month. So my relationship with my parents have always been very rocky, but I take a lot of credit for it.


'cause my dad always tried the best that he possibly could. When he would come home, it would be like either you gonna do what I say or that's it, you know, other Right. If and or buts. I, I grew up in an old school household, so yes, it was different for me because I've always been a big communicator. So you either gotta explain to me why I'm doing what I'm doing or I'm not doing it. No, no, no, no old school don't explain nothing. Exactly. Don't Explain you do it sense. That's a fact. I'm the king of the household. She the queen. And you listen to everything we say and that always was a problem for me.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance to a single elimination in season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup championship in Las Vegas. First time here's some special just for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Score big with Draft King sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draft King sports book app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon For new customers to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text Hope NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. C dk g.co/b ball


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESP n plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the best ities with a Spurs and Knicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-Fi thriller alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew. Stirring Jude law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank. Na member FDIC.


Did your brother and sister have those same problems with your father or they just like okay. No, it just, so it was me again but it, so it trickled down for me to my younger brother. So my younger brother now, I was in prison and I believe a lot of it No it's okay. He, he horrible. He was bad For you to say it. Consider were bad. It was, he's bad. Like it trickled down from me to him. Okay. But I think a lot of times it was more or less of like I said, just a communication issue. So my sister like, so she was with my godparents. So by the time a lot of the tra traumatic stuff happened for me, she was already in Chicago where she went to school at. And then my older brother, he was already in college. So quick story, when I was in 11th grade, my brother had, like I said, he was four years older than me.


So he had graduated already. He was in college. We were living in, so I'm originally from Detroit. So we were living in Detroit on seven mile outer drive. And we had, my dad bought us a chopper bike. He bought my little brother chopper bike. You know what the chopper bike is? So like one of the bikes had the real big tire on the front and then a real fat tire on the back. Yeah. He bought my little brother one of those and he was riding around the neighborhood acting like he was the shit. And it was a group of kids across the street. Obviously they didn't like it again. We still in the inner city of Detroit. Right. So one day they stole his bike, we end up going to get it back and we put it back in the garage. One of the little boys from across the street came while we was asleep. It was just me, my, my mom, me, my mom, and my little brother. My dad was at work.


He came in the garage while we was asleep and I saw him. Nobody else saw him. So I walked outside and confronted him. He went to go take the bike anyway, I punched him in the face. He ran downstairs, told his brothers, told all of his cousins and whatnot. I go back in the house not thinking nothing of it. Maybe five minutes later all you hear is like, it sound like a a war. War starting outside. All you hear is like people screaming and yelling. I go peek through the window. No exaggeration. It's probably 30 people and they all running down the street and they taking their shirt off. You already know what that mean. They taking their shirt off. Yeah. Screaming. They squabble it's over with. Yeah. It ain't even nothing you can say at this point. Right. So they full blown coming down the street. I go to close the window acting like if they don't see me, then they, they're going go the opposite direction.


Before you know it, there's a brick that comes through the front window and it shattered all the glass. We had a glass that like was in the like, so the front door was here and then a glass was here. It literally shattered through the living room. So now it's a big brick in my living room. My mom come downstairs and she panicking. She go to open the door, they rush the door, they completely like try and take me outside. I ended up getting jumped. They ended up hitting my mama. They hit my little brother by when this happened, of course, you know, my dad get a call, I handle my own. I like to think I still got jumped. So yeah, I go in the house, I call my dad, tell him my brother ends up driving down 'cause he went to school in Grand Valley. Okay. Which maybe like an hour, hour and a half. He ended up driving down. Well Aki, so I, don't know how far it feel, but it felt like it was probably like an hour.


But he drive back, he pull up my dad, get a gun. Long story short, he go down, do whatever he was supposed to do at the house with a, according to court documents, he went down and did whatever they said he did. And the next morning, your older brother or your dad? My dad. Okay. Yeah. So the next morning my dad's in jail. I'm at, we still staying at the house. Maybe a week later we get an eviction notice they come, my brother went back to school by this point. So it's literally just me, my mom, my little brother. We here. My dad gone. We get an eviction notice. They come and tell us like, hey, you got two or three days to get out. And we throwing everything on the curb. My mom's best friend used to live like on the opposite side of the block, but she had a house that she had just moved out of.


And it was one of those situations, like how I was telling you here how when we moved out, we just didn't tell the the landlord that we moved out. So the landlord is still thinking we there. But at this point we squatting basically. So we get evicted, we move over to that house, we squatting. And it was one of the darkest times in my life. And I'm telling you, I'm at this point of like not understanding really, but like fully like what am I doing? My mom, she has no money at this point. We eating checkers, shout out to checkers. 'cause at this point I, I wanna sponsorship, but we eating checkers box and they had popcorn chicken box and it was like popcorn chicken and fries and you get it for like $2 and we all get one a day and that's all we eating.


So that again, my older brother wasn't there and my oldest sister wasn't there. It was just me and my younger brother that had to go through that. And it was one of those things where I felt like that really molded me as a person of who I am. So that's probably why I act the way I act a little bit now as an adult, I feel like I've learned from a lot of it. And being in this house is really like reminding me of why I am exactly where I'm at and where I'm supposed to be at. Did that experience, damn Bro, he about to choke me up. Come on man. That experience that you went through, did that have anything to you? Say, you know what, I'm going to the MMA, I got jumped. I'm gonna be able, because you say you handle your own, but I mean you can only do so much with absolutely 10, 5, 10, 10 People.


There's bunch of them. Yeah, not necessarily. I feel like the main reason why I end up fighting is because I got kicked outta school. I got kicked outta college. Well I couldn't afford it. And they basically was like, either you give us $25,000 by to tomorrow or the next day after that or you gotta leave. So I came back home to Vegas and my brother, he saw me on the couch and he saw I was depressed and I didn't know what I was about to do. And he was like, bro, come to the gym with me. And he took me to the gym and I never turned back. Wow. So what, what did MMA give you? What does, what does MMA do do for Keith Lee? Hard work. It gave me a lot of like resilience and I felt like that's exactly what I take into this profession that I'm in now.


I feel like my work ethic is bar none. I honestly don't, that's, that's why I don't compare myself to nobody and I don't consider myself an influencer. I just consider myself Keith. And I feel like the reason I do that is because, not to sound cocky or sound like an asshole, but I'm him Shannon. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm one of them. I ain't gonna lie to you. I take a lot of credit and I give it to my wife and I give it to my kids and I give it to my sister and the, the people in our family, we eat some dogs, bro. When I tell you like, it might look like we just eating food. But even this last week we've been in four different states. Th in it out the sprinter van and a lot of this, we do it our own money. We do it our own time and before you know it, we look up and we on food tour and we've been outside in Sprinter van for nine hours a day.


Wow. And I feel like a lot of that is attested to my MMMA background because it's a, again, it's a different switch you gotta turn on in order to, to really like lock everything out and just do what you feel like you called to do. And that's what I feel like I take into food. And anything else? You Got an eight and five record in MMA. You won three by knockout, one by submission and four by decision. What's, what's the hardest part about MMA? I mean, you know, look, there is everything. I mean the back fist and kick you and hitch elbow you and choke you out. Absolutely. Because really people ain't really trying to go to the cards. No. If you try to be in the UFC, Dana won't ask action. That's A fact. Yeah. He won't action. So if you go get a couple of decisions Dana go like, nah, you're not for the UFC.


So what is the hard, what is the hardest part about MMA? I can't speak for nobody else, but I feel like the reason why my record looked the way it did is because I, again, I had a brother that was already in it, so I didn't have a slow road. I went, if you go back and watch and, and see who I fought, I was jumping into the deep end immediately. Like my first three fights was in Canada. Right. Most people don't fight internationally until they get to their 10th, 15th prof fight. I was outside immediately. Right. So the hardest part for me was fighting guys that were outta my experience level and not really having anybody to be like relaxed bro. Like, yeah, you ain't gotta rush. I was 18 fighting guys that had kids and wives and real life struggles.


Right. So for me, I felt like that was the hardest part. But physically the hardest part. I feel like if you were to beat me, it was pressure. It was guys that was coming forward nonstop, had nothing to lose, was willing to get knocked out. I always was a, a person who value my feet, my footwork. Right. So I'm moving. Right. I don't want to get hit. Right. I don't like getting punched. I got a pretty face, Shannon, I wanna keep this. It was You been didn't care Bro. Yeah, it was guys who didn't give a damn. But yeah, once I, I didn't even really officially retire. My wife wanted me to officially retire, but everything kind of just took off in like the end of 2022 and in like December, I fought in September, 2022. So right after that last fight, everything kind of took off.


Right. But I feel like yeah, the hardest part was just like, and it's relinquishing. It's like you, you have no control over what, what's about to happen. You just gotta let it happen. And that's the hardest part for me is like just getting into that mindset of like, God, I trust you and I know whatever's about to happen is about to happen and it ain't nothing that I'm about to do. I can train for eight weeks straight. The hardest training camp, the be the most prepared train with the world champions, train with everybody who they claim is the best. You go out there and get finished in 20 seconds. So it ain't really nothing you can do about it other than just let it be what it is. You said you had a wrestling background, so clearly you're good at grappling. You try to take people down, get 'em off their feet. You didn't want to, like you said you didn't wanna get punched in the face.


So the best way not to get punched in the face and get 'em on the mat. Absolutely. And do what you need to do. For sure. So that was your, that was what you tried to do. I was a hybrid, so I mixed it up really well in my opinion. I came in an era where people was doing everything so there was no more just grapplers or just strikers. There's very rare cases of it. And like somebody like Khabib where he's a straight grappler. I came in like on the tail end that, so like I said, I, I turned professional when I was in 2015, when I was 18 or 2014. So that was when literally you had to do everything. People on a grassroots level or like the amateur length ranks. They was literally like switching stances already. Stuff that most people don't do until, like I said, 20, 25 pro fights.


They was fighting at 1918. Grappling, striking. So I I, I like to consider myself part of that generation. What does it feel like to knock someone out and what does it feel like to get knocked out? So I've never been knocked out. I've been finished once in my entire career and that was me being choked out that rear Naked triangle. Rear naked. Okay. So that was probably, and that, and I felt like I, I, I love that you even brought that up. That fight right there was literally what made my life begin to where it's at right now. So I was in his house when it happened too, by the way. That's crazy. I was here when it happened. So I just had a contract with Bella Tour, which is the second biggest promotion in the world when it comes to MMA.


I was two and one in the promotion. I had just beat they number, seventh ranked guy and they number eighth ranked guy. And I was, I had just lost today number one ranked guy. So I'm thinking in my head like, oh, it's just a bounce back fight. I'm fighting this guy that's like seven and oh. I'm like, oh, this is gonna put me right back into top content. 'cause they had a, a tournament coming up at 1 35 to where the top eight guys fought for a million dollars. So the winner between me and the guy I fought, that was seven and oh, went into the tournament. Okay. So I'm thinking like, mind you, I just bought, I just fought number seven, number eight. This guy was, I think he was ranked number 12 at the time. I'm real cocky Shannon.


I'm like, oh, it's over with. Like, I'm already coming home and I'm telling her like what spot to I, what I'm telling her what spot of the tournament I got. I'm telling her exactly what we about to do with the money. I'm taking a camp serious, but I already, I'm going into it with that mindset of like, oh, it's over with. I get smoked. I'm talking about whooped on First time in my entire Career. So at, at eight and five, I only had my four losses were by split decision. Okay. And split decisions to where like, it could literally go like this, like razor thin. That was the only time where I got shut out and I got finished in the first round. He was, when I say jabed, everything was landing.


I was looking up like how many people in here? I'm looking at his coaches, like, why, how you going to let him jump over the top and come punch me in the face? And it is bad, bro. I look up, before you know it, He got my back and it's maybe like 10 seconds left at the o'clock and I could hear, so they do a smacker for the last 10 seconds. 10 seconds. So I could hear the Ten second smacker. And you could see on my face in the video that I'm, he, I'm still there. He got the choke. But I'm like, I'm all right. I'm still scrambling. Before you know it. I go to lift up, I go get up and I run to the cage. I don't know, I've been out for like three seconds. Wow. And he looking at me out, you can go watch the video. I'm all completely bloodied up in my head. I didn't go out at all in my head. I'm like, oh, this choke not even in, oh let me get up.


Oh, I hear that the time is over. Let me get up and run to my corner. Literally, you know, I'm out. I wake up my head snap back, I stand up and I stumble all the way over to the corner and the, the ref, he picked me up and he like, it's over with. I'm, you can see in the video. I'm like, why? What happened? I was out. Wow. Gone that it felt like a movie. Like it felt like, it's such a weird feeling because you still hear everything. You still feel everything. Like you feel like you watching somebody else. Yeah. Like I felt like I was standing over myself and being like, oh, the joke's not even in Right. But the whole time I'm like, Come on. So for me that felt like a, like I said, it felt like a movie. But putting somebody else to sleep, that's one of the most amazing feelings.


That's why I say it's a switch. You, you, it's, you gotta be a little crazy. Right? You gotta be a little off to say you feel good to put somebody to sleep. Right. But when you, in a heat of the moment, I feel like it's one of those like ate moments because the second for anybody who's never fought before, the second that, you know, you won everything from, so it's usually like an eight week process that goes into fighting. And that's from cutting weight. That's from eating, right? That's from making sure that you running in the morning. Yeah. No sex, none of that. None of that. I'm talking about like full blown militant. Right. So the second that the fight is over, it could be from you finishing, putting it outta sleep, everything comes crashing and you just feel like, oh I can breathe now. Right. Like so it's literally like when people say like it's a monkey on your back, that's no joke.


Like, you know, winning like the Super Bowl. So that's exactly what it feel like. Every fight is like somebody lifting somebody off your shoulders. Right. So it's like literally the second fight is over. You just go, oh. And then it showed that all that hard work that paid off all the eight weeks, all of it paid Off. Absolutely. Absolutely. It's one of the best feelings in the world. What about a return? Are you interested in returning to the Octagon? It gotta be a lot of money involved Shannon. A lot of money. I got kids man. And the main reason I even stopped training, like I said there was right was never a official retirement. The main reason I even stopped is because you either gotta do it or you not gonna do it at all. Oh yeah. It's all In. It ain't no plan, it ain't no like, oh I'm about to go on a food tour.


I'm about to go drive around the city and I'm about to go eat and then I'm gonna train. Ain't none of that. No. I train with one of the best guys in the world. His name is Dewey Cooper. He trained Francis Nu, he's got like four or five different championships in UFC alone. He a bad man. So it would, playing with him, it wouldn't know like Right. Oh, I'm about to come in. I'm a celebrity. Ain't none of that man. Go get on the bag. Right. So for me it was, it was either you gonna do it or you're not gonna do it at all. So that's probably the main decision. When I come back, I'm looking at my wife right now and I said, no. Yeah, she's over. It is over with. Yeah. For so, So have you ever met Dana? I've met him like in passion.


Right. 'cause I, my brother, but not than brother. My brother fought for 10 years, but I never had like a full blown conversation. So do you still train like No sir. You see me in this chair. I'm spread it out in this chair. So there, there's, I mean, do you still work out? Yeah, I, I play basketball, right? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I play. So that's No, no, no training, no mat, no blood work. No. I'm blessed enough to say I got a lot of contracts right now and all of those contracts says that I can't have any blemishes on my face. Right. So if I go train from just scar tissue from doing it for so long, my face is automatically either gonna swell up up or it's gonna open up or it's gonna get cut real easy and that that mess up the money. I can't mess up The money. Don't mess up the money.


Yeah. We just saw the fight this weekend. John Jones took out steep a, now he's the heavyweight champ. He also took the belt from zero Gun. I hate that whole conversation. We can talk about it. I hate that whole So you hate the conversation of goat? The, I hate the conversation of him ducking from Tom. Oh no, I don't believe you. I hate it bro. Now we talking 'cause I'm, I like to consider myself an MMA. What's the nerd? Gee, Aficionado, Aficionado, all of that. Okay. Tell us about what you think about Bones. I've it I don't even think it's a conversation or it is a question that he's the best that we've ever seen. Do it by far. I hate the, the conversation of like he duck in Tom, we did this maybe like a year ago with Sergey Pablo, that's how you say his last name.


Excuse me if I pronounce it wrong. But when he was coming through the ranks and he was killing people, everybody was like, oh, he gotta fight Jones and Jones scared of him and then he got finished by Tom and don't nobody talk about him no more. Right. It's like, don't nobody pay no attention. But it's like, it is, it is very annoying to see somebody, especially somebody that look like us, be in a space where it's like every single time you do something, it's something else that gotta be done in order for you to submit your legacy. It's like he been doing it since I was a kid. Yes, he been doing it. But Would he been the champ since 2011? That's insane. Yeah. That's insane. He and he hasn't lost anybody. No, It's, But if he was anybody else, right, it wouldn't even be a question.


Right. It wouldn't even be a conversation. Because when Khabib beat Ju, that was Gaje his last fight when Khabib beat Gaje, there wasn't a question of, oh he gotta come back and he gotta fight IA to submit his legacy or he gotta come back, he gotta fight, vote to submit his legacy or he gotta come back. He gotta fight Holloway. It wasn't none of that. It wasn't even a, like even it, there's no conversation as we speak, revolving around his legacy, his greatness. But with Jones, he gotta beat everybody in they mama in order to get any kind of recognition. And Then if when he beats Espinol, they gonna come up with some, he don't smoke Espinol, they'll come up with somebody else. But he's gotta wait. Till's always gonna be something else. Yeah. It's always gonna be something else. And it, and even if he don't beat Aspen Espinol because it's the fight world, anything happen, I don't think that takes away from No the greatness that is John Jones and that always will be John Jones to Have that type of rain for a decade and a half.


I don't think Tom doing that. I ain't gonna lie, he might. Again, everything happens the way it's supposed to, but it, I feel like it's a little, a little too late because again, Joan what time is 27? 31 I think, I think he's seven years younger than Jones. I think that, I think that, I think the conversation's over with that alone. Yeah. Alone. Even just his age. Are You a boxing fan? Ev? Not again. I watch. Yeah, I predicted Tank and Garcia Garcia in front of Tank. Literally the punch the round and exactly how I was about to go. Right. Because again, I'm him Shannon. So who do you want, who do you wanna see? Who do you wanna see? Tank fight. People say they wanna see a rematch, they wanna see Tank fight Shakur, they wanna see him fight boots.


So who would you like to see Tank fight? That's a great question. I feel like there's so many options, but at the same time, I think a lot of people feel like he hasn't been tested yet because we are in this era of protect the O but just from seeing him up close and watching him, so I trained at Mayweathers for years. So just seeing him up close, I feel like I'm about to sound like a, a tape recorder with anybody that's in his camp. Tank him, bro. Take one of them. So I don't care who you fight, I feel like he is our generation's best. And I feel like at the end of the day when the smoke is clear, he gonna come out of like really being one of the, one of them. Were you on the celebrity boxing?


We just saw Jake Paul fight Tyson. We saw McGregor. Paul, I hated that fight. I hated everything about that fight. What, What? What did you hate about it? You, do you think it was staged? Do you think what, what happened First to the lead up? I told my wife that I can't be there because I was gonna drop in the ring. I was one of it is Tyson bro. Right? He, he's a legend of the sport. He's a legend of our community. He's somebody who should be held to the highest regard. I don't like that there was like this conversation of like, competitiveness. He's 60 bro. Yeah. Like if we, if we bring up any legend of any other race or demographic, there's no way that you touching one of their legends.


But we allow our legends to get in there and no, he allowed that d mockery. I agree with you. I agree with you. But us as fans still was con having conversations around the fight itself. Like it was about to be a competitive or back and forth fight. I mean, Keith, if, if what they're saying is true to mad made 20 mil, I mean, can you, I hear You, I hear you. But is is It worth and his money jumped for. Now you gotta realize here's a guy that's made what, five, six, $700 million And I'm not so sure he has half of that. I'm not so sure he has a third of that. I hear you. And sold $20 million at the age of 58, 55. But you, you, Mike Tyson, the money gonna come and go, right? Yeah. He's had way more than 20 million before. For sure. So in my mind is, I know he, he, I, I watch Tyson very religiously and I know he don't believe in legacy, but for me it's not necessarily him.


It's the kids that's below him. It's my kids, right? It's me. It's somebody who's watched him literally from the beginning. So to stand on integrity, this is one thing that I always preach to my kids. To stand on something that you can, that would last forever and that you can pass on to another generation. And that's as far as integrity. And that's as far as something that you, a code that you stand behind to stand on that is way more valuable than any amount of money. Yeah. For me. So would you do a celebrity boxing match? Maybe. Maybe. See maybe. But for Me you made the money have to be right. So they got, they got pay a million For me. So, so money-wise, it would specifically be professional fighting.


That's where I say the money gotta be. Right? Because again, my life isn't, and yeah, No this celebrity But celebrity, the money don't necessarily gotta be right. It gotta be the right one. It gotta be the right fight For me, I wouldn't fight necessarily celebrity 'cause I feel like it would erase what I've done for 10 years in MA space. Okay, gotcha. It would really just be to go out there and have fun but still be competitive. So it would have to be that middle ground of being competitive and still not getting cut out by my wife because I'm getting cut and stuff. What, is there any way we could do a celebrity MMA fight? Maybe we can be the first of the kind. Who do you wanna see Me fight Shannon? I don't know who I don. Like you say you weighed, you, you fought at 1 35. Oh, I'm not that at all right now. 1 55. I'm a big boy.


No, I'm solid. One 60. You not more than one 60 though. Way more than one 60. No. Come on Key. Way more. Come on key. I'm solid bro. I'm built like a brick house. Okay. 1 63. 1 63. No, not even close. What you trying to say? You, you not one 90 Keith. I'm like 180, 180 3 solid. I'm thinking 68 ish. Show that Shannon solid One 70. Get one 70. Give one 70. So One thing I know when you kept asking Shannon who would he want to, who would he want to See you fight If he threw out Jake Paul, what would your be your response. Make that money man. Yeah. You want throw out.


You don't make that money man. We want Chad, we going You want Go ahead Steve. Come on. Stevie Paul. Yeah, you say, you know what? Yeah, yeah. Come on Stevie. We won't Ocho. Yeah, come on Stevie. You don't get I completely, I didn't even Yeah, go ahead talk that time. Lemme do it like this last year, my co-host, we were talking about you had, you was critiquing a, a restaurant and, and Ocho said something. You responded and we were asking, we were talking earlier about a celebrity boxing match. We asked would you fight Jake Paul? And you said you would like a celebrity boxing match. Now if I'm gonna do anybody, let's go Chad, come on Ocho.


Ah, Come on. Ocho OCHO one. Ocho was talking hot. He was talking crazy. Ocho was talking on a different level. But we've Had a conversation since. Oh, you talking to Ocho? I talk to Ocho again. I come from a place of love man. I Come from a place of transparency. We had a conversation. Chad Didn't mean no harm. But if you wanna put the gloves on, we can put the gloves on. I ain't gonna lie. I'll whoop Chad ass. Alright. I'll take Ocho down through there. And again, that's coming From a place of love. I'll take Ojo down through there. Oh, He say he got the size over. I'll take Ojo down through there all. And I feel like we'll sell out a a, we'll sell out a big one for that Ojo down through there.


We can make this happen. O what he 1 91? Yeah, one like 180 5. 1 91 85. One 90. How tall is he? Six. Six. One six. Yeah, he about 6, 6 1 6 and a half. You Gotta be two something to do something around here. What? Yeah, you got it. I'm, I ain't gonna lie. Nonprofessional it's different because again, I was fighting at one of the highest levels that you could fight at. But nonprofessional one anything under 200 can't do nothing with me. Ooh. Yeah. Ocho. Now you say you want that smoke. You been calling out Andre Ward and all these Keith Lisa, he got the hand for you. He said he updated Too. It'd be crazy too. And Register. Yeah. In 10 different states And we gonna hug each other and pray afterward is amazing.


So you mentioned you were in Vator when they didn't renew you or they released you. What was going through your mind then? Oh, my life was over with in my mind. I came back in this very house and had no, when I say no idea, my, my wife was pregnant with our second child. I had a 2-year-old. The rent here was a thousand dollars. I had no idea how I was about to pay that. I literally vividly remember sitting in this very chair in this very spot. I swear to you, I went to it. This, this is when food reviews actually started for me. 'cause before then I was just cooking in this kitchen and I would cook four times a day for her when she was pregnant. And I would just record myself every time I was cooking.


And when after that fight, I was curled up in a ball in that bed. God damn, I'm about to cry. I was curled up in a ball and I remember her coming over the top of me and being like, everything is gonna be okay. It, it was so hard for me to see because I'm staring at my 2-year-old. I'm staring at her belly. I no sense of what's about to happen. I, I thought that food reviews could do something or I thought no, I wouldn't even say I'm, I'm lying to myself. I had no idea what food reviews gonna do. You definitely didn't think it would take off like this. Never in a million years. I just vividly remember having a conversation with her and she telling me I was gonna be okay and she was rubbing my back.


I stood up and I was like, I'm about to make something happen. I'm about to go do something. I don't know what it is, but whatever is calling me, whatever that voice is telling me to do, I'm about to do it. And I've listened to it before and I'm in the position where I'm losing contracts and, and when I say lost contract, Shannon, that contract was worth, I think I had like a hundred thousand dollars up on the contract. That's money. Yeah. I'm like, oh bro away I was like, just alright. I ain't gotta fight. Just gimme a hundred thousand. Right? Right in my mind. But like said God willingly maybe six months after all of that happened, and like I said, I was sending shots, I started doing food reviews. Wingstop reached out to me and they gave me a contract that was worth the exact same amount that that contract was worth for Bellator.


Wow. Game on.


Because s esp n plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ES esp n plus. Unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mads and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-Fi thriller Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew stirring Jude law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming The greatest Stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Part issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. A member FDIC.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound on it. To be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more. Check Out posts.com.


You had jobs, you did a delivery for Postmates, DoorDash, were you good delivery guy, you get good tips, you invite up them people. Food is no, no man, you just people in No, No. I, my little brother was my that, that was my little brother. That's why I said he in prison. But, but no, for me, I feel like I was, but I had so much going on at the time. I was sharing a car with my wife. So I, my daily schedule was, I would go to the, I would wake up, I would go drop her off in the morning. She had to be at work at what, nine o'clock she had to be at work at nine. I would drop her off. I would go do three or four deliveries.


That took maybe like an hour. I would go straight to the gym. After that I would train for maybe two hours. Lead a gym. I'm talking about sweating, smelling like everything. Mm. Smelling like get back home, All all of that. Get in the car, go do more deliveries. That's why I say I can't really say I'm a good delivery driver because if a delivery driver pull up and he smell like a high used to smell. Yeah, he probably not getting a tip. Yeah. I don want, I don't even want the food now. But I was grinding bro. I literally would leave there, do four or five deliveries, go to the next gym session after that, do two or three go pick her up from work, take her with me to do a few more to get money for dinner. And then after dinner I would like try and recover the best I could and do it again tomorrow.


So was I a good delivery driver? I was a delivery driver that did what he had to do. Right? Yeah. Did you get good tips? Maybe a little bit. But Uhuh, So you mentioned that when things were transpiring you would cook, you were cooking for your wife. Is, are you a good cook? I throw down How, how did you, how did you learn you from watching your mom? How did you learn how to cook? Or was it out of out? Was it out of necessity? I've always been a study of the game. Okay. So I've always, again, I've always been a professional in the sense of no matter what I do, I take it extremely serious. Okay. So when I was cutting weight, you can ask my coach this, when I was cutting weight, I would be watching a food network. And that's me not eating no like solid meals for two or three days.


And me watching people cook and me watching people make like desserts and, and full blown like food porn down there. And he'd be like, how are you watching this? Like, you not even eating food. My stomach caved in. I'm sitting on the floor and like wrapped up like a mummy 'cause I'm trying to sweat, right? And I'm full blown in my mind. I'm not realizing I'm studying, but now in retrospect, I'm studying for what God had in store for me. But yeah, I was full blown like watching food Network all day, every day. A lot of people that I used to watch on YouTube was like people versus food. I used to watch cocoa butter, which is like a YouTube channel of, of like us trying different cuisines that we never tried before. Guy Fii, of course. Gordon Ramsey, Bobby Fla, you like Bobby Fla.


Bobby Fla. Like I was a huge studier when it comes to that. That's pretty much how I taught myself how to cook is just watching other people and watching other videos and tutorials and just coming here and experiencing and like experimenting with stuff. So that's what you do, you watch them do it like, okay, I do that. Yeah, again, I've always been cocky in a sense as a kid. So I was like, why can't I make a beef Wellington? It's a video right now of me in that kitchen making a beef wellton. And it was horrible. But I tried. I was so kind. It was one of the hardest dishes to make in, in literally in a culinary field, right? And I'm me, I was what, like 22? I was like, why not? I had like a little burnt pan, I had some puff pastry. I'm cutting mushrooms. Like I'm really doing something full blown.


The the pastry D was dist thick. It was raw in the middle. Oh the steak was overcooked. I cut the puff pastry out and ate the steak. Anyway. Did when you were, were you a foodie when you were growing up? Did you critique your mom, your grandmother's cooking, you like this, this was good Mom I don't know about this one, ma. I Bet it's weight my whole life, Shannon. They used to get so mad at me. Even Thanksgiving. I used to full blown be like, in my opinion, this is like a Yeah, full blown. Yeah, they didn't, they didn't take kind to that Yes And no, right? Because, so like I said, my, my dad was always the one who cooked. My dad was a, a very meat eater. Oh, okay. So he used to cook steaks. I'm talking about full blown, like we used to walk in the house.


My, my wife used to hate it at first because she come from a house where they make full meals. My dad just made meat. So you had 10 different steak. He got No, no gie no nothing. You might have a little piece of asparagus, like just be, but it is really just Steak. And I'm talking about on a cutting board just laid out, right? So like that's the kind of house that I grew up in. Right. So what made you change from cooking videos to doing reviews? When did, when did that switch go off that says, you know what, the cooking video's, okay, but let me review food that's already been cooked. Before we continue, I just wanna say, you are amazing at what you do. Thank you. It's different seeing in a person and and seeing how you handle the, the conversation and, and take it to different spots that I already was thinking in my mind, no, I this about to be crazy.


But What, what was the question my man? How did you, how did you determine to stop doing? You was doing cooking videos on YouTube and then you was like, you know what switch goes off. You're like, okay let me do reviews and start placing those on TikTok. It was right after that last fight, like I said, I was having conversations and I didn't know what I was about to do and I just started listening to that inner voice and I literally was just doing whatever felt right at the time. So my, again, we in this kitchen, we standing in there and I was, at this point I was making cooking videos, but I also was like dibbling dabbling with food reviews and people versus food who I just said, I used to watch a lot. I made it videos saying I used to watch them and they reached out and was like, we would love it how you on the show.


And back then, that's the equivalent of Shannon Sharp calling me and like, we want to sit down and do an interview and I say, you grew up here so I'm freaking out and I'm like panicking and I'm like, what am about to, what am I about to do? But again, I'm at the point of trusting God and trusting the planet he put in for me. So I'm like, whatever we, at this point I'm in my mind I'm like what they wanna talk to me for like what they wanna bring me on their phone, right? But I'm just trusting God and I'm letting it happen the way it's supposed to. And I'm standing in the kitchen, my wife comes over and she says, okay, if you about to go on people versus food, what are you gonna post on your page that's gonna make people come and actually follow you and not just come and look at your page and keep scrolling.


And I was like, I already do full reviews every now and again. What if I just post one full review a day until I get on the show? This was in November of 2022. And my sister, she's always been a battery packing my back. She is living, living with us at the time and she living on the couch right here. And she like, yeah, why don't you? And I'm like, okay, let me just try it. Right? I start posting once a day in November by December. So I started at 1.4 million followers. By December I had like seven million followers. Wow. I had like 7 million. That's when the wing stop deal came in. That's when the money started rolling in a little bit. And it just was like, what? What's happening?


Right? Like I vividly remember being in here and like, what is going on? I got a call from Kevin Hart while I'm sitting right here in the same spot and he like, yeah, I want you to come try my restaurant. And I'm like, what are you doing? Damn Kevin, You, I literally, I had the video on my phone of me looking at at him like what are you talking about? Why would I come try food for you? And he like, bro, you the biggest thing you this, that and the third. I don't see myself as other people see me. Right. And I think that stems from my anxiety. So I, I see myself as a normal person and genuinely to my core I'm just Keith. So when things like that happen, it's like you lying like stop lying, Right? Do you shoot and edit all your own videos? Everything. So I shoot on my phone, I literally take my phone and I sit on the steering wheel and I record, I sit with my family, we eat food.


The second the camera go off, I go to the back of the sprinter, I edit the videos, I post it and then we go about our day. But you, when you, that just messed you up, huh? Yeah. Yeah. So you never really have inter any interaction with the people that actually own the restaurant. You go in there, buy food just like a normal person. You, you, you in your sprinter, you eat, you like, I mean obviously you're not eating that much. That's the thing. 'cause and so I, I would be huge if I ate everything. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But so I'll give you the full rundown of of how it works. So, and when we go to a restaurant, it's specifically either based off a recommendation or it's based off the restaurant itself reaching out.


So that way nobody can say I was picking on them and I just randomly went to a restaurant and gave my unsolicited opinion. The pen is always asked for. So once we go to the restaurant, I'll have my sister or I have somebody that nobody's ever seen me with in my family go and order the food. They might be knowing your sister now you might have to go in disguise. See It depends on where we at. So if it's a spot where, 'cause the threshold is a hundred to 150 recommendations and like I said, somebody reaching out. So if it's a place where it's like barely over the threshold, it's like a hundred spot, a hundred recommendations, then I'll send my sister in. 'cause a lot of the times those people have no idea. Right. Okay. But if it's a place where we got 2,500 recommendations or we got 3000 recommendations or the restaurant owner and his mama and his grandmama and his cousin that reached out, then that's when I send a family member that nobody's ever seen me with.


Okay. So it is levels of, of like ninja that we call it. Right? It is like levels of like incognito. So if it's at the highest level, it's somebody that you literally never seen me with somebody that don't even look like they related to us. That you would never. Right. And we even get like we get real creative like right, they go to DDS and grab like random shopping bags just so they can look like they've been shopping in the neighborhood. They throwing full disguises. So it's a full blown like okay mission basically. So they go in, they get the food, they record the experience. When they come back in the car, they give us all of the information of how the customer service was, how fast it took, how many people was in there. They get videos of the inside and everything.


I do the review, full blown, unbiased, just given my personal opinion. The second that the video turns off, if there's, if it's a eight or higher of like the overall rating for the car. 'cause we literally, I ask everybody like how did y'all think about it? The experience, the food, if it's over eight we go and then we have a conversation with the owner. Okay. And a lot of times if I feel like it's over eight, we blessed enough to where we'll have people jump on a plane and literally try to place the same day. So I as again with a great power come great responsibility. So I feel like it's in our duty to go in and have a conversation with the owner and tell 'em like, hey, there's no promises but it might get crazy in here. Right? And a lot of times that's why we leave really large tips so they can afford to go grab the food that they need for the next day.


Because a lot of these places, they are either like behind a rent or they just like make enough make ends meet. So it's like they can't afford to for the surge. Like they can't afford to keep up with the demand because a lot of times they have to hire people that same day or they gotta call their cousins and be like, Hey, we need 10 of y'all to come and help us for tomorrow. So we pay up up for that. So we pay for the food, the, the help that you may need and everything that comes involved in that. So that's when we talked to the owners. Do you remember the first video you uploaded that went viral Food review? Mr. Gary. Mr. Gary. It was a food truck that was around the corner from here. So I used to ride my bike just to stay in shape and the trip is maybe like 10 minutes from here, but it's a straight shot up flamingo.


So I used to come out here, I used to ride my bike and I was ride real late. So maybe like 11 o'clock. So this is maybe two weeks into, remember I told you I was posting every day? Yeah. This is maybe two weeks into that. And I was riding my bike back from the strip. This was maybe at like 12 o'clock at night. It was real late. And I'm driving past a, a random street that like literally nobody usually walks on 'cause I don't know if you know we in a hood Shannon? No. For sure. Okay. At 12 o'clock it don't be nobody down the street normally. So I'm driving down the street and it's a random like LED litted box and I can't tell what it is. And I'm like, why is there again, we in a hood, I'm like, why is there lights in the middle of the street?


So I turn my bike around, I ride down and lo behold is a food truck. I walk Up to it. I ask the man like, Hey can I try some food? And he like, yeah we sell. It was called Mr. Gary's, I think it was like lobster and something Mr. Gary's seafood. So he had, I'm allergic to shellfish. Yeah. But he had lobster shrimp, he had crab, he had everything but he also had a burger. So I was like, can I try the burger? And he was like, I'm gonna be honest with you, everything is cooked on the same grill. So I was like, okay, nevermind. And I went to leave and he was like, wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm gonna clean the grill off. Come back tomorrow. I'll literally disinfect everything. I'll clean everything, I'll break everything down. Mind you, he has no idea who I am. Right.


And in my mind I'm like, why would he do all of this for a stranger or just a regular customer? And for do all that? For a burger. For A burger. The burger was Go down the street, they got burgers, they got burger. It's 12 o'clock at night. Yes. He like Bro, I'm about to leave for the night but come back in the morning. I'm gonna come here early just for you specifically and I'm gonna clean everything. So in my mind I'm like, why is this place slow? Why is this not a loyal fan base that's coming here and supporting this man? That's really like putting his hole into this restaurant. Yes. So I go back the next morning again, he still has no idea who I am. Go back the next morning, I try a burger, the burger's amazing. I make a video to that effect and say, Hey, in my opinion, this burger's great. I tell the whole story.


The video gets like 20 million, I would say like in the first 12 hours or like 15 to 20 million. He calls me and he panicking. He in a full blown like sweat, he run around the house. I'm like, what's going on? He like, people got my phone number, why do people have my phone number? Lo and behold, I recorded the outside of the truck and it had his phone number across the top and that was connected to his cash app. People sent him $40,000 in less than 12 hours and he had no idea what to do. He was calling me, he like, do I pay these people? They money back. He's like, do I go see these people fool? Like what do I do with this money? And I'm sitting there again, all of this is taking off for the first time. And I'm like, I don't know either Mr. Garrett.


I'm like, all of this is just to do to me. But it was like that reassurance or that knowingness of like knowing I had a community behind me that was willing and more than, than willing to go out and support these restaurants. And I always, I told him that day, good people wanna see good people win. And people literally was like flocking to his restaurant. Before you know it, the news was there. The video had over like 30 million, 40 million views and he had raised over I think like $60,000. Wow. Yeah. Why do you think people connect with your videos? I. Don't know Shannon. I ain't a lot to you. It baffles me every day. I think for me is because I pray a lot again, I don't see myself as other people see me.


So it makes me question internally. But my, I always fall back to the fact that I, I feel like I'm supposed to be here and, and God put me here for a reason. And I think a lot of it given myself a little credit is that I really take this serious. Like I don't play around. I know these are people's lives that are being affected. I, whether that be deemed good or bad, I know there's a lot of power that's been bestowed on me right now and bestowed on my family. We have no idea how long this is gonna last. We don't know if we gonna be here tomorrow. We don't know if we gonna be here in three years. I just know as long as I can stay myself and I can be me, I'm gonna be everywhere I'm supposed to be. So I feel like that's why people connect. If, if that's why y'all connect I, don't know why y'all connect me.


I'm thankful for it though. The foods that you critique, are they all foods that you've had before and you're basing it on a previous test or you're like man, no I just like this. I've never had this dish before but I really, really like It. That's a great question. I like to think I step outside of the box a lot. But again, we go on recommendations and a lot of my audience look like me. Okay, now we're being blessed enough to where we stepped outside of that and we really hitting like a worldwide audience. But for a long time it was just us. So the recommendations I would get would be from restaurants that were specifically for us and Mac and cheese. Collard greens grills. Exactly. Yeah. Oxtail.


Yes, yes, Yes. But now like I said, we, I, I like to think that we step outside the box. And again, I'm a true foodie. So even if I'm not recording right, when we go into cities, I'm trying stuff that I've never traveled before. I'm the type to literally book a a flight to somewhere, get off the plane and just walk to the nearest restaurant and just try it and have no idea what I'm eating. We was in Japan, right? We was in Japan for a week straight. And when I say I ate everything under the sun stuff, I didn't even know how to pronounce stuff. I had, I'm talking about we walking into random buildings, eating everything that people was recommending. I think that's just the foodie in me. But for the most part it, like I said, it's coming from recommendation. So it can sometimes be like monotonous but it's deeper than the food for me Shannon.


It is, like I said, it's the people behind the restaurants. It's people that look like us. Right. And a lot of times they got a story to tell, don't they whole It literally how they Started and They got kids, they feed off of this like they got they kids, kids that they feeding off of this. I'm blessed enough to say that in the past year alone, we've been a part of changing 150 families lives that look like us. Wow. You grade on a scale of one to 10, how do you come to the, have you ever given a 10? A few. I would say maybe 15, maybe Max. We've been to over 300, 400 restaurants. I would say maybe 20. Max. Max. How does someone get a 10?


What? What does it have to be? Obviously you want the customer service, you want the food hot. But how, what's the code? What what's the A, B, C, D, E that gets to that 10? So I don't really do interviews as you can tell. So I'm giving you stuff that I don't ever give to nobody. Good, good. Like that. You like that. You like that. You like that. So the my, I'm gonna just give you my, my full scale for me, anywhere from a one to a four is something that I wouldn't eat again. You wouldn't eat again or you wouldn't? Wouldn't. Okay. Unless, okay, one to a three. I wouldn't eat again. Okay. Four is like, I could see there, there's things that I personally would change, but there, if I needed to eat it, I would eat it.


Okay. Five is right in the middle. Five is like, it's not bad but it's not good. Six is like, okay, we fix a few things. This can be really, really good. Seven is like, this isn't the worst thing I had, but again, you fix maybe two or three items and or two or three ingredients in a dish and we talk about something superior. Eight is like, even if I'm not recording, I'll eat this. Okay. I would probably wouldn't eat the whole thing, but I'll eat it. If, if I'm coming back to the city, nine is like I'm about to finish this and whoever wants something, y'all better hurry up and get it right 'cause it's about to be gone. Okay. Tea is nothing that I personally can think of can be changed about this dish to make it better. It ain't a piece of salt that can be added.


It ain't no level of sweetness, no level of savory in this. It is nothing in this dish, no added ingredient that I can think of that can make this any better. So that's why I give it 10 because in my mind that's a perfect dish. Have you ever made recommendations like man you need to add a little bit more this, a little bit more of that take. Do they take your dish people take your advices? I would like to think so. So we went to a place in New Orleans and it was called, what was the name of it? You know, know what I'm talking. It was called something, it was like a sweet bayou or bayou effect or something like that. And it was supposed to be Mexican inspired tacos. Okay. And Mexican inspired food. It was black people food.


Yeah. Full blown. And I went in and I had a conversation with 'em and I was like, let's just call it black people fool. Right? Yeah. When I say it was, so they had nachos. The nachos was With oxtail over the Top. The nachos was like ground beef. It was ground beef, nacho cheese. It was like, I think they even, they using Doritos, they was using some kind of like bag Dorito shit. Right? That ain't, that's us. Yes. Yes. And I felt like once you identify your demographic and identify your target audience and you make it known exactly who you make in food for, right. It makes it easier for people in the audience in the area to be like, oh I eat that kind of food. Oh I wanna try that. Right. So, and and after we had the conversation, they changed a lot of the meal items to reflect what exactly what it was.


Wow. Mm. It was like rotel dip and they called it like Mexican nacho and inspired. I was like, this is roto. I know Ro it is Velv vita. So you started, like, I'm reading that you and your, you watched a lot of videos with your daughter, the Paw Patrol and things like that. And he was like, well, you know, hey is that, did that really give you the idea that You I with the chair? Yeah. No, I didn't have furniture. So you never getting rid of this, huh? No. Yeah. Yeah. No. Your wife ain't gonna let you get rid of this. No. That Ain't going nowhere. That's going in that case somewhere in a few years. Yeah. So how that happened was I literally didn't have furniture. Right? My, we bought my daughter a play set and it was a little small white table and it was this Paw Patrol chair or this is like third one.


'cause I done broke so many of them and then sitting in them. But it was a Paw Patrol chair and it was sitting in this corner. Right. And she had like a little kitchen set up. So one thing about us as parents, I like to tip our hats off. No matter what we got, our kids gonna have everything. Okay. So we, I can be down in my last pair of shoes. I can be down to not eating. My kids gonna have whatever they think about. So my daughter can walk into the store and grab whatever she want. And this is when we is making a hundred dollars a week. Wow. And I was, I'm talking about full blown, my 2-year-old walking down the aisles, grabbing stuff, throwing in the cart. And however we about to make it happen, we gonna make it happen. Right. So she had every toy that you could think of and we didn't have a kitchen table. And one day I was doing a food review and I didn't have anywhere to set up at.


I didn't have no fancy lights, I ain't had no fancy setup. Right. I literally was setting my phone up on like either a bottle or like whatever. I can get close to me. At one point it was a, a bowl of sugar. Right. And I was just setting my phone up on it and her chair was sitting right there. And at this point I was probably like 150 pounds, a hundred. And I was shredded, I was lean ripped. And I was like, no you Just hungry. You didn't have no, I was go like a superhero. But I remember vividly sitting in that Chair and I was like, if I can fit in, I'm about to make the video right here. Yeah. And I made the video and somebody commented like, what is he sitting on? And I was like, oh this is having people talk. Yeah. Like it is making people talk. So I was like, I'm about to just sit in it from my own.


Right. And that just became a thing. And especially with the internet, right. You don't know what's gonna stick. You don't, especially when you not even trying. Right. Like how you didn't try to swipe on Instagram live. You don't even know what you're doing. I don't, I don't, I don't Ask me you one bro. Well see that. I ain't even got you one outta I to you. But see that's why I, that's why I got somebody to handle that Now Come on Michelle. I had to keep one. But see the best part about that had it would've been a lot longer had he not turned it off. 'cause he had, he has access to my account. So had he not turned it off, it might have been four hours. Oh, you ain't gone for four hours, bro. I'm just saying You ain't gone for hours. You know they got me driving, they got me driving home, going to the jail.


Oh, that'd have been in there. Yeah. For me it was, it was one of the situations where it was like, I didn't even Know it was about to be a thing. And it just so happened to be a thing. Chip The Chipotle review, you, you, you reviewed this state case of deal. Mm. And I don't, they liked it I guess because they got a, was The noise, They got a, they got a key a Keith that You gotta explain that for me. What was that Say? No, but I'm just saying I Don because at one point in time I think you interviewed, it's like man, they don't give you enough with Oh the portions size. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You had the portion size. Understand, I don't know they, they have kept that up for a week. 'cause they done gone back to the small portion size key.


I'm just saying. I'm just saying. So for me, even the Way that happened, so there was a video that a lady named Lexus, she put out and she, so she goes around and she tries recommendations that employees make. So like, you know, if you work at a restaurant, you do things that other people don't do. Right. Because you've been there all day. Right. You just start messing with concoctions and whatnot. So her thing is that she goes around and she tries employee recommended. So she tried a place, I mean she tried Chipotle and employee recommended a steak quesadilla with fajitas and sour cream. Right. So I just tried it and I'm like, oh this is amazing.


Right? In my mind, this is when Chipotle was like at the top of the top of the game. Yeah. Yeah. This when everything was fresh and like they said it was the, my que d was spilling how big it was. I tried it. I never in a million years thought that it was going to take off the way it was gonna take off. And I know that's a cliche thing to say, but a week after I post that video, I'm on the phone with the CEO with Chipotle and like, you know, they be having a real long tables. Yeah. They set the zoom call up where the table was like, I was sitting on the edge of the table and it was just a long like director, C-E-O-C-O-O. And I'm sitting there in my car, I'm in a 2013 Hyundai Sonata.


Was it? Or accent? Accent Hyundai accent hub cap falling off the tent. Peeling you got, you gotta make sure you put it in the gear the right way 'cause it's syrup ripping and all kind of stuff in the gear shift. I'm talking about full blown on the phone with a CEO, the CEO with Chipotle. And he like, yeah, we wanna bring the quesadilla and make it a, a full meat item. We want to name a Chipotle after you. They literally changed the entire Chipotle to from Chipotle to Chipotle. Again, Shannon. I'm like, what are we doing? Right? Like it, but it was just stemmed from me sitting in this chair eating a fucking case in here. Right. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever PLA podcast platform you just listened to part one on.


Just simply go back to Club Sheha profile and I'll see you there


As We gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially, step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through, it's true magic 'cause we came to play. Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


If you are ready for an epic family vacation, there's no better place than sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills, never ending food festivals, fresh new dining experiences, outdoor adventures in Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all. And visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it, and that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com.