(2s):
The Volume. All right, man. We back another wonderful episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wills. We in Chicago with it. Special guest in the building, man. We be waiting for this episode, man. He ain't even to guess this like, man, we got lots to talk about, man. We gonna introduce my man's last to my far left. I got my dog Bishop. Be he out the pearl. Hes how you what? Nasty cool and nasty in the shot. Let's get to it baby, for show. We in the shot one time the J Look, listen, we know your full game always been proper, but you know what this man known for? Have you ever seen the black forces with the white laces before? Nah, I ain't never seen that. I'll get you a pearl. Look. What you about nine? Nah, I wear size 11. Be dog.

(42s):
Damn. You check IP like my socks. I need to let you know you ride. Nah, I'ma take care of Luke. Don't worry about I got got the black n on to my right. My dog. Young Nacho young team. How you what? Chilling, bro. We got, we got family in the building. For real bro. We in Chicago with it, you know, supporting some of our other brothers, supporting D Rows. Our guy. But we got my brother in the building, bro. I'm gonna let you do the honors, but I'm geek for this episode for sure, man. We've been waiting for this episode, man. Come on man. Decade plus professional man. The best walk on ever to do in the NCAA man. We got a lot to talk about. We got a lot to talk about today, man.

(1m 22s):
JL three, John, Luke, I third Coach Luke, appreciate you slide on this. Big do man. Thank y'all for having me. Appreciate it, man. We been, we've been waiting for this episode, man. Ever since the, the Minnesota stories came out. This the highest request against man. Listen, we got lots to talk about, but first man, I wanna talk about how y'all first met, man. Yeah, let's, so let's go to y'all origin story first. Well, you know, I met him by busing, you know, killing poles, almost going crazy. But I, I met him by killing a, when I was a rookie, the Hawks, we didn't have summer league, we had mini camps, right? So we had a mini camp and they had some veterans come and he was a veteran of league. He was, you know, and he was trying to work his way on the team. Well make the Hawks team a roster, whatever it was, it was mini camp. And it was my rookie year. I never been in the NBA nothing.

(2m 3s):
And me and him got in a battle. Mm. So we get to playing, me and him going back and forth. He giving me the blues, I'm doing my thing. At the end of the day, I end up getting the best of him a little bit, right? Mm. But in the middle of the game, this nigga started coaching me. He like, this is what I knew he was gonna be my guy. He was gonna be a coach. I'm going, I'm doing my thing. I'm calling pick and roll. He like, Hey, hey young fella. When you, when you go in that pick and roll and you guard it, don't turn your head. 'cause I'm just gonna blow. I'm gonna blow by you. I'm looking at this nigga like, man, what? Like, nigga, we playing against each other. Nigga coach me, nigga. I'm like, who this nigga talking to? So I go to Randolph Morris, right? I'm like, yo, who is this nigga? He was like, no, he can play man, this nigga.

(2m 44s):
Nah. Then the rest of the day, this nigga just kept talking to me. That's how he, I met this nigga. He was killing though. I ain't gonna head on. He was killing. I had about 50 though. I ain't damn 50. That's a fact. Oh, okay. Yo, You know, you get drafted, you get take every shot you Want to. That's a fact. You know what I mean? Every, you get to take every shot you wanna take. So I, I just like, I remember 'cause I was like, you know, we all had to pull up in the little van or the bus. They pick us up a hotel, you know, he a rookie. It's like maybe, I think I'm like, what? Maybe five. I'm going through my sixth year. Yeah. And he pulled up and he got, he brought himself a brand new Dodge Challenger. Yeah. We called it a dope boy car. Yeah, yeah. Dope boy. Not his five.

(3m 25s):
I still got mine. I said, man, look at this lil, I say, all right. I used to always try to find something. If I had to go against somebody, like if I didn't know him or something, I had to find something I didn't like about him. Oh, okay. For me to like, just like what I don't like about him, which is gonna make me like when turn, when we step on that corner, I'm gonna turn up. Yeah. So I just like off me, I was like, oh, his swag is too high. Like, he was too swaggy. He was too, like, I was just like, his swag, like he walking now, you know, he had little, little speakers in the trunk. I'm like, that's cute. You know, we've been doing that. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? He, you know, he doing this and doing that. He walk out, he acting like he don't acknowledge like the old heads, you know, he ain't say, what's up none of y'all, man.

(4m 8s):
And we had, we had some hitters in there though. Like the guys who like solidified, who's like probably on the edge. Like I was just like six years in, like I said. But we had guys that was there like 10, 12 years that still trying to fight. Still could play. But everybody know when the lead, the older you get, the more you kind of get weeded out, you know? Yeah. Right, right, right. So once I started seeing that, I just started playing the game. I was like, all right, cool. Like I, I know I probably ain't gonna make the Miami, you know, make the Atlanta Hawks team, you know, they drafted t Yeah. With point guards. They had Mike Bebe still, who else was on? Yeah. Had another Jamal came, Jamal. You know what I'm saying? So it was just like, okay, it's a mini ke, let me just do what I gotta do whatever and just get up out here.

(4m 51s):
Yeah. So once I seen Woody, he was like, let him take every kind of shot. I'm like, like, damn, are you like, if he, if like he wanted to like turn backwards from the three and throw it like this. He wasn't gonna say nothing. I'm like, all they really gonna try to build this team around this young, you know, young boy. So I'm like, all right, how, let me figure it out. And my dad always taught me change lives. Yeah. You know, pay it forward. And I was like, he fast, stupid athletic. Yeah. Got a crazy right to like crazy. Like he kept hitting me with this one simple move. I could never stop. I always bid on the crossover.

(5m 31s):
And it was a step back into the three Ooh. As a little jumper too. But his pick and roll game was trash. He didn't know the game player. He didn't know the game player. He was a one-on-one player. So in the pick and roll, I just started, we icing it. He turning the ball over and I was like, yeah, I'm just gonna start talking noise. So like, turn them up, turn them up. Because I was like, I'm, I'm, basketball to me is 8% mental, 2% physical. So I was trying, he a rookie, he ain't never been in no situation. I'm getting his. There we're like, yo, we icing him. He ain't got it low, man. Pull over. He turned the, we turned it over left and right. Left and right. Damn. And so then I was like, I felt kind of bad 'cause I saw him getting frustrated. I mean I had 50, No, no, no, no, no, no, no.

(6m 11s):
You had 50 off for like 25 free. They start calling 28. He took about 25 free throws. And then the other 25 was legit. The other 25 was legit. I tell you what started happened. They had, y'all had that big slow dude on y'all. Yeah. I was in no win situation. Big man situation. Out Him by him. I figured it out. I was like, oh, they icing. I'm just gonna keep the ball in the middle of the floor. Yeah. Yeah. Can't ice me here. Can't I? Well what I noticed was, I was like, for him to have like longevity. Right. And you could see it like, you can see like Mike Bibby was on his way out, little bit older.

(6m 53s):
You know what I'm saying? He would, and I'm like, it would be selfish of me not to like pay it for Yeah. Help, help somebody else along the way. 'cause that's what Nick Van Axel did for me. Yeah. That's what Dam did for me. That's what Bubba Chuck did for me. West Side Tennis Club, Houston, Texas. Everybody used to come to Houston to train in the summertime. Oh, okay. So as a high schooler, that was who I'm playing against. And they did the same thing to me. And I just was like, I gotta pay it forward. So I did it with Tys Jones. Yep. I did it with TI tried to do it with Chris Dunn, you know what I'm saying? So it's just like, for me, I was like, I know, I know I can go to bed at night and lay my head down on a pillow and be like, yo, did I get, did I was, was I better today?

(7m 40s):
And did I get somebody else better as well? Nah. Yeah. That's love man. And that, and that was just, that was just my way of like, because I, I want no superstar in the league. Yeah. You know what I mean? But my whole thing was like, I wanted to play 10 years in, so I gotta be that locker room guy. I gotta be that guy that's always ready. So when the opportunity presented itself, I was ready. And that's, I took full advantage of it here, playing for Chicago Bulls. Those two and a half years I was here is probably the best years I had in the NBA. Besides the Pistons. Yeah. The Pistons here. I came in and I just stay ready. We gotta talk about your NBA career, man. Let's talk to the origins of it because you gave us an interest tidbit before we record. You never play a U basketball. Yeah. I already played one tournament in a U'S The A what was it out in Vegas or the Adidas?

(8m 28s):
Big time. Big time. Big time. And I didn't play, I played for this team called the Houston Superstars, John Uri. They had TJ Ford, Daniel Ewing, TJ Hug. There wasn't no room. That back court crazy. But I, I played tennis in the summer. Yeah. So I was top 15 in the country in tennis. Every weekend I was playing in a tennis tournament. Damn. But everybody else was playing basketball. But this year I was just like, all right. I, I told my dad, I was like, man, look, I wanna play. Yeah, I'll do both. He didn't want me to quit tennis. My dad didn't really want me playing basketball. He wanted me to play tennis. He was like, yo, you, you little motherfucker, you only five.

(9m 8s):
It's gonna be so hard for you to make it. And I, and I was just like, yeah, but this is why I love, so I quit tennis one day and I was like, this, why think About how you would've been in tennis though. I know you was nice. I go back, I go, You would've been, Man. You know what's crazy? You ain't too many black dudes play tennis. That's What, like I said, SAR as that's it. And that's who trained my pops. So my people don't realize my pops play professional tennis. Yeah. Yeah. And Ain't none of that. About o Yeah. And he won the NCAA tournament and the NCAAs and he won the singles. So, so he, he a national championship in tennis and while he was at the University of Maryland. Yeah. That's hard. And a number one pick. That's so for me, my dad loves tennis. So when I picked up tennis, it was for, because I was living in Philadelphia at the time.

(9m 52s):
My, I was a kid that never wanted to be in the house. Like if they was outside playing street hockey, I learned how to ride skates and play hockey, play lacrosse. I never wanted to be in the house. Damn. I just wanted to be active. So when my dad found out I was going to go out for the tennis team, bro, he turned into a monster. Like the way that kids train now for basketball. Yeah. We was like that for tennis. Yeah. Like, Serena daddy Worse. Damn. Like I know his pops man. Yeah. Like what I'm saying, like imagine playing tennis with a a 40 pound weight vest on. Damn. And he all, and he knew I love basketball. So when he was like, it all going transition, like he knew it's all gonna make sense.

(10m 33s):
Yeah. Trust the process. That's all easy to say. So now lateral movement angles all basketball. It is geometry. Yeah. All the kyrie do is just geometry, just angles on the glass. Yeah. We doing that in tennis. Damn tops. Me slice. If I hit, if I, if I overhead and it goes to the right, just know the whole left hand side of the court gonna be open. I got my back hand going cross court. I got my forehand run around, Nigga we don't play tennis, you know what I'm saying? But I played on a video game I, I'm telling you, but you know what I'm saying? Yeah. But it all, It, It all translate, it all translate, it all translate over to basketball though. That's straight up. Nah, It all translate over to basketball. So then the game of the, the basketball game starts slowing down to me.

(11m 17s):
And I was like, oh, you know what, if I'm having a bad, a bad match in tennis, now I gotta type tap into my psychic. I gotta wheel my way into like whatever I got going on tennis, I gotta, 'cause I don't have four other players to depend on to get me out this hole. Yeah. Yeah. But now in basketball, if I'm having a bad game, you can lean on somebody. I can lean on somebody. So tennis helped me with my mental game to where I could wheel my way to be. Like, let's check the boxes. Oh, I'm missing a couple shots. It's my elbow tucked in. Do I got pancake gooseneck? Like I just start checking the boxes and then I would, I would correct whatever mistakes I'm making. Nah, your mental is crazy. I, I'm gonna say that because even when you helped me my rookie year, but then when I seen you throughout the league and then when I got with you in Minnesota, like I know I'm skipping ahead, we wanna talk about your journey.

(12m 2s):
But when I got to Minnesota, you know, I was, I was turned. Yeah. Like, and you like, yo, let's get some extra shots. I'm like, nigga no, No. I didn't come here for extra shots. I came here to pass the ball to Jimmy and Wig and Kat. But you used to always like, come on bro, you gotta lock in on what we gonna be good is if you do this. And, and then that first year I was doing that shit with you. And we had a good season, great season. I mean, Jimmy got hurt, but we was having a successful season. And then you was like, you too, you gotta keep going. And like you would push me and then Dro I seen you doing it with D Rose and like, your mental always just been different. I'm a, I'm like, I'm gonna show love to that. 'cause obviously tennis helped you a lot, so maybe I should start putting some people in tennis on my team.

(12m 43s):
Nah, it's just, for me it is more like, for me it is like, shit, we need some Mental toughness. Nah. For me, I think you, I think I saw something in you that you didn't really see in yourself. I think you was already kind of planning your exit. And I, In Minnesota, you right in Minnesota. I'm like, bro, you got about four, five years left in You. And I would be like, nah. I was like, don't let these people let discourage you. Right. And have you have, you be in a role that ain't really, you like, yeah, you gotta play the game. But I said, yo, this ship don't move without you. You are starting pg the point guard control everything that Damn fuck. And he, I'm like, yo bro, like you don't realize you can get another big deal. Yeah. I said, he used to say that. I be like, nigga, I said, bro, You can sign another 80 ball.

(13m 25s):
He it and his goofy self used to be like, man, I'm cool. I got, I'm, I'm straight. And I'm like, Yep. I'm like, what's wrong with you? Oh no, bro. Straight. They giving money out. I didn't see it too. Like he Got too comfortable. Too comfortable. Not saying it was too late. But when I, when we started, like when it started happening and I started carrying like, we doing these workouts. Yeah. I'm like, I'm gonna come off the bench. Remember I'm, I'm off the bench. I'm gonna get another bag. Be the six. Man I was hooping then I get hurt. I said, what the fuck? Yeah. And he was like, see when you play with the game, the basketball guy, Like, I'm big on that. Yeah. I'm big on that. This nigga say now's basketball. I'm big on that bro. I never disrespected the game.

(14m 5s):
Yeah. And I was disrespecting it. And then when I tried to get serious and he like, yeah, we locked in. I get hurt. It is like, damn. When we got back. Right. Yeah. We got back. Right, right. We got back. Right. But I was a, see my pops raised me and my, my whole me and my brother, my sister, they, he raised us on principles. Yeah. And he was like, you never wanna disrespect the game hall. So like when my teammates in high school, they all wanted to wear hot socks. I never wore hot socks before. I always wore like either ankle socks or little crew. So I was like, all right, I'm gonna wear hot socks. 'cause the whole team wearing it, I won't be a team player. Yeah. One thing mama, he crazy. His boss crazy. Like he cra like, so we warming up.

(14m 46s):
He see I got hot socks on. He walk in the middle of the court. I was like, whatcha doing? Go put your socks on. Damn. I'm a junior in high school. I'm like a junior senior in high school. And wasn't nobody gonna say shoot the pops not a damn soul. Nobody Say. And I was like, all right, bet. He was like, Don't be no follower. That Don't be no follower. But he was also saying that's that's, that's not you. Yeah. Like so now mentally you not even ready to play 'cause you so worried about how you look and making sure you fit in with everybody else. Yeah. That you ain't even ready to go seek and destroy. That was his whole thing. His whole thing was like my pr our thing was protect, his thing was protect my last name.

(15m 26s):
Every game used to tell me that. Yeah. Yeah. Had Lineage. That's a hell of a lineage though. I Got easy to tell me that. 'cause I didn't play au like I said. So I'll go back. So when I played high school ba I only played basketball four, four and a half months. When Didd you get cold. I always been cold. Let him tell it. Hey Look, I just talk, talk, talk to me now. Hey, I'm telling you, you, You was doing good. Nah, I always, I Always been cold. Listen, listen. I understand that bro. Go ahead. Go ahead. I'm just saying, when did you be like damn I can do this. You feel me? You was Arthur a the day I came out my mama's, that's when I knew I was cold. I came out like this.

(16m 7s):
That's my daddy. I came out with a, my hand formed like this. They got pictures. Hey, what you call that when you hear The jumper make that dog sneeze In my neighborhood. You say make that dog sneeze. Step dog That pack. You know, You, you know that made that You ever heard of Dog sneeze before? No, they, he go So every time I shoot that's the net. I'm a country Boy. I understand. I was just saying when, when did you have to feel like, damn I can do this for real, like at a high level my Whole life. I'm telling you. But you gotta tell, you gotta tell. You gotta say how you grew up. 'cause he grew up differently than us. My whole give folk what people don't realize. I let the whole state in scoring.

(16m 47s):
Mm. What year? I got What year? Every, every year I played He went to, he went to Bel Air. Like real life. Oh. I was a fresh principal. Belaire before Will Smith. Yeah. He was One of them. Bullshit schools? No, It's a public school. See people always thought I grew up in a private school. My pops won't for that. Okay. We, we publish, I'm a public School baby. Okay. I mean Belaire Will Smith School was Trans. No. So, so Will, so Belaire is like, the course was the Same though. Yeah. The Belaire is like the Belaire you would think of. I grew up nice. I grew up next to the Enron people. Okay. I grew up next door or Chevron people know bro Exxon people. Yeah. We, we was Good. What year did you play with Mecca? My, all through high school. We graduated.

(17m 28s):
Oh one Glad. Okay. What was that? He zoned to my school? Yeah. Mecca. I Had Lawrence Roberts, I don't know if you remember Lawrence Robert City. We ended up going to Baylor. We always zoned to the same school. My school crazy. My school was a public school. But like Bel Air, people think I'm from the suburbs. I'm from the center of the city. Yeah. But we our own city inside of the hu inside of Houston. Yeah. But when you go over here, every school we played was in the Hood. Madison. Where Vince Young went. That's Herm Clark. We had Sterling Worthing. Lil Flip went to Worthing. That's Sunnyside. Shout to Lil Flip. So all of our schools was in our district was all hood schools. We only had one other school that's kind of like us. That was Lamar High School who went there.

(18m 8s):
Lawrence Roberts ends up transferring our freshman year and he went to our rival school. Okay. But they had a, a guy out there named Corey Smith who ended up playing at Vanderbilt in the SEC. He was nice too. So we had a lot of hoopers. How Was that playing with a mecca though? Like was he always good? Nah, he was trash like you. Nah, he was trash. He was, he was trash. And That's like the greatest big ever for you In college. He was trash our our our fresh. He won't trash but he couldn't, he was uncoordinated. Okay. Okay. But he wanted to be a doctor. He's smart as fuck though. He's smart. He graduated our junior year in high school. He already graduated. So our senior year he was taking courses for college already. Okay. So Omega was smart. He, he didn't think about even playing in the NBA.

(18m 50s):
He didn't think nothing. He was like, I'm just gonna use basketball and get into medical school. Like get into Oh that's crazy. That, so my dad one day, 'cause I always did player development. My dad trained me my whole life. Yeah. He was, he was in my life though. You know, it don't matter if he had a job in Denver. I used to, we will fly for the weekends to Denver and, and I'm practicing with the team or I'm practicing with Nick Van acting like I'm working out. Yeah. So am Mecca ended up going from being like six four in freshman year to six seven our sophomore year. And he kept going. My dad one day come home, he was like, Ekka you a pro. He was like, you got a chance to make 80 million.

(19m 31s):
That's how his dad Talked to, he said you got a chance to make 80 million. Yeah. And Ekka was, oh and then even Amek dad didn't see, he was like, no he need to focus on his books. He gonna be a engineer, a doctor. You know, he like, you know, so that's what they think. Okay man, we get to our junior year, he started playing with the Houston hoops having success summertime. He, every day we in the gym 6:00 AM I, I used to go pick him up from the, from his place Pops had us, it was, the workouts was crazy 'cause it'd be me a Mecca, Lawrence, Daniel Ewen, TJ Ford, Carlos Hurt Killer right there. Phil Williams guys you don't know of that in, in Houston. III know Carlos hurt.

(20m 11s):
And it was like my pops like yeah they better than you. And I used to be like man they ain't better than Daniel T one better than you. Nah they were called. Yeah. But, but at the time my mental game was like I'm the best, I'm the best thing on the court. Yeah But iron. But I didn't realize what my pops are doing. Iron shoppers iron straight up. So we was all getting each other better. But at the same time we was all kind of dissecting each and o each one of our games. So we was gonna all play against each other at one point. Yeah, That's an interesting point. What you say with that? I'm go this like you talk, both of y'all obviously are coaching, you see it now like a lot of kids now duck that competition back then y'all had to embrace it.

(20m 51s):
How do you kind of translate that now for kids that's just like, hey you, at some point you have to show up and play against the top Man. You know what kids scared of competition now. Mm. Kids, kids are so worried about if they're gonna get posted on social media. Kids are scared of being embarrassed. I grew up to where if you ain't been dunked on, crossed over or embarrassed, you ain't playing at a high level. You ain't playing. That's Real. So all my best friends aren't from the neighborhood I'm from. All my best friends are from the other side of the tracks. Yeah. That's where the best ball is at. So when I used to leave high school, I'm in Sunnyside, I'm in Third Ward, I'm in Fifth Ward.

(21m 32s):
That's where the ball is at. It didn't matter. I wasn't worried about going over there. I wasn't worried about it is like it's basketball, it's a universal language. Now I knew how to conduct myself when I was over. Theres So where I can, you know, you can come back, I can come back, you know, get back to the crib. But at the end of the day, like I wasn't going to get better playing against my neighbors or or staying in my neighborhood while I'm playing against Billy and Tommy and, and John. I had to go play against, against Tyre. Yeah. Ray Carus or somebody like that at the, at the Play. But I'm just saying I'm just using like at that hell 1 0 1 game boy. But I'm just Saying Wait, wait, wait.

(22m 12s):
You Played against No, no I'm just using that name as an example. I'm saying I had to go play against like a Kareem or somebody like that because No, no that Ray car like that. But I'm just saying I had to go, I had to go what the kids call trenches Now. Yeah. I had to go get that so I can get better at Basketball. Why Did you say Ray? I don't know. It just up. Hey Chef, you I'm just gonna say whatever come so good. Damn. I swear we not gonna let that you know me Jeff. I'm gonna speak. That's the name that popped up in my head. So I just said it. But that, that's why I got better at though.

(22m 52s):
Is he out here? I don't know. That's why. But the crazy ball, I'm not even, I Wasn't even thinking about the, the football Player when I said that. I was just saying the name. That's the perfect part. Yeah, yeah For sure. I was just saying the name. But that's why I got better at. And you know You and Daniel the same class though. We all, oh one class of oh one. We probably had the best class coming outta the United States that year. Daniel U is one of the 1101. Okay. It's not better. I was seven. Oh Oh, I'm Just saying that year. Texas as a state. Oh you saying Texas? No. Oh seven had the Coldest class. My little Oh yeah, little yeah little bro. McDonald's America. Yeah, we, we can talking. You know what I'm saying? I listen because that's the first thing. That's the first thing he go, you Know your little brother should not made McDonald's.

(23m 34s):
I said, how bro, Look what he was doing. Yeah nigga, I played him. Look what he was doing. But he, he had a lake, you know, pause coming out party. So I mean, you Know, Played into it too. It did. Shout to Jay. He doing great Things. That dude he doing. You know what he Kentucky, he the only Lucas that can brag about being a McDonald's All American. I possible. Isn't McDonald's all American? I wasn't He the only one. Nah, that's back to that. And he doing his thing. I'm proud of him. Yeah, he doing, he's doing his thing. We Talked about opening show, if you know what I'm saying. You the best walk on ever. Let's, let's walk off through this. Obviously you went crazy in college. I mean in high school. You make a college decision in your first school. Baylor University. Worst decision I ever made in my life man.

(24m 12s):
Getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns there. Also a Draftking sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect? The number one place to bet touchdowns. Grab some TDS of Draftking sports book. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the Draftking Sports Book app and use code Club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.

(24m 34s):
What's going on? I'm DJ Wells. I'm Brandon Hendricks And we are role Parters over here at Club five 20. Man, listen Rose Sparks, if you're trying to get it cracking the right way, if you wanna make sure the tonight's extra special, all you gotta do is tap in. It is a prescription. Just follow the instructions online and they will get you squared away if you qualify for this. And if you do qualify for this man, you gonna have a hell of a time be here. Tell the people about Rose Sparks man. Rose Sparks brought me back to life man. Me and my wife had a great time outta town and this, this got the moment going though. So shout out to Ro Sparks. Come on man. Simple and easy to use. Let December get that playlist cracking. You know what I'm saying? You might have a little bit more on that playlist. Be in, Take it at dinner. Use it at dinner. You know what I mean? When y'all about to cash out on that bill, ride around, hit the highway, take the backways home and you know what I mean? By the time y'all enter the crib, it's going down. Come on man. Listen road Sparks be here. They gave y'all arrested plea. Listen, we are the official Road Sparks partner here. Make sure you use the promo code Club five 20, get you $15 off your prescription man. Tap in, Get online. It's easy. They'll connect you with a medical professional If prescribed new sexual health patients get $15 off Sparks on a reoccurring plan. Connect with a provider at row.co/club five 20 to find out if prescription road sparks are right for you. That's right. That's ROC slash Cub five 20 for $15 off your first order.

(25m 59s):
The worst. The worst. If, if it wasn't bad, who was it gonna be? I, I really wanted to go to Texas a and m. Okay. And hmm. I remember I III verbally committed to Coach Watkins at Texas a and m. I said, but I don't wanna sign early because I wanna make sure my guys that I came in as a freshman year, they all get scholarships as well. But if me and am Mecca for sign early, ain't no more schools going come to our game. So my pops, my pops set us down. So we talk Mecca to, because he was supposed to go to Georgia Tech. Oh okay. Originally I could See that though. So he was supposed to go to Georgia Tech originally. So I, every time I see coach here out in LA, 'cause you know he's part of the Ontario Clippers, he get mad at me 'cause he was like, I had a me for it to you and your daddy taught him not to sign it bro.

(26m 48s):
That was haying. So that's when Yukon came in. But my dad was like, bro, y'all came in like everybody got to eat. Everybody need to. So he was like, if y'all don't sign early, y'all gonna have all the colleges still come in. And after that I took a visit to FAMU. 'cause if I would've wanted to FMU, if I took a visit to Fa MU, that was gonna get one of my teammates a scholarship. Yeah. Just for me coming on campus. Yeah. And by far and by far that was the best visit I ever took in my life. Almost shout to UU right? I've been something in Tallahassee. Right. Tallahassee, Florida State Right across the street, you know. Yeah. That's good. But my pops is all about you bring somebody along with you, you never, and that's just how we grew up as a family. So we talked to Mecca.

(27m 28s):
So I really wanna go to a and m because I wanted to play for a black coach and I gave him my word and he was, okay we got you. We, you know, we gonna wait on you. Seven days later they signed a point guard at a juco. Damn. So with, So then now You're not going to Texas a And m? Yeah, I'm back at square one. So I had Baylor, I had Rutgers, I had, everybody really recruited me for basketball, but I had more offers in tennis. Oh, okay. So, and everybody who was recruiting me wanted to red shirt me 'cause I didn't lift weights. I only, I was only 140 pounds my senior year. Damn. Damn right. But I was just like, we all, we all we did was push up dips and pull ups.

(28m 11s):
We didn't touch the weights because my dad was like, you touch the waist, it's gonna mess with your shot. Damn Hard to argue with. One 40 at 18 is crazy. Yeah. I, yeah I was 1 55 A D one athlete. But you came back, they put you on that shot, you came back in Or something? Yeah, when I went to college I was only, I was like one 50 and then they made me like eat, had to eat a peanut butter and jelly sandwich like every four hours and I would gain like three pounds and then you would run it off. I'd run it off and I'm right back. And I just was like, and I had to run anyway 'cause they tried to make me lift weights in cars and I was fighting against not lifting weights in college. Mm. So the, the knockoff was, well you gonna have to run for punishment 'cause you don't wanna lift weights.

(28m 55s):
I said me, I'm just, I'm my mental game. I was like, alright, I'm just gonna be, I can outrun everybody. Yeah. I'll be that. And I, and I still got my burner. Yeah. Because I used to, if I lift weights and I miss my first three shots, I will always blame the weights. Yeah. Because I'm stiff. I'm sore because now I'm shooting like a running back in the football player. When you see the football players play the rec center In the Bur games. Yeah. You know, it looked like Rex, Kevin Willis. Yeah. You know what I mean? But for me, I had to be, Nah, I, I was nothing. I was one 50. I came back 180 5. See Yeah. One 90. Nah, That's crazy. That Couldn't be, nah. I came, it came back home. So niggas was like all it was in three months. Yeah. Facts the game. 30 something pounds. Think he Was like a grown man coming back to the City.

(29m 35s):
Yeah. Nah, I, man Baylor was like I said the worst because it was too close to home. Mm. And I had, you went back home a lot. Every day. Damn. I used to take that two hour drive like it was like 45 minutes away. Damn. God damn. You had a lady or something? Nah, I just, you was just home? I was home. I had the whole house with myself. 'cause my pops took the coaching job in Cleveland. Yeah. I, I, it was up. So it just, so Arms boy, that's like us going over Every day when you're not having fun somewhere. Sleep when you're not having fun somewhere. Yeah. And yeah, me and the coach started end up having problems and issues Coach Dave Bliss. You know, I was just trying to find comfort, trying to be around love.

(30m 19s):
Really? Yeah. And all my boys back home, cousins best friends that I grew up was all back in Houston. And I would rather be there than at Baylor. Like miserable. I mean Waco, Texas, nothing to do there first of all. Right. And I watch a, I watch a show based outta Waco, Texas. They be selling homes and rebuild. Rebuild. Oh the white white dude. His white. The aunties? Yeah. I think they split up. I actually think they Baylor alums. Oh yeah. I think they Baylor Alums. He said they split up and got back together. I don't know why he knows that, but Yeah they did because I, I really tapped in so they Do them good work. But nah, I just hated ba I just hated, like my freshman year was cool.

(31m 1s):
I led the, I led my team in scoring and assist as a freshman. As a freshman. Damn. That's 12. Big 12. You know, TJ obviously did his thing for sure. Yeah. So it was just like, and then my sophomore year it just got tricky. It got weird all a sudden. Just, it's like everything shift. Mm. It's like I come back as a starter still leading in the team and scoring assist we playing and then I think we got like 10 games left for the season. All of a sudden coaches like just on me all day in practice on me all day in practice. And we had a, we had a point guard a back up. His name was Matt Saman. And I like in practice, if it was boring to me, like I told Jeff I had to find something bad about something.

(31m 45s):
Yeah. So I just started talking trash, the whole practice. Like you can't hold me like hold that. Like I'm, and that's when Gene came out. So every time I shot he used like, like y'all used to do like that. And so coach, coach pulled me. Coach was like cursing me out and he talking about you think you so and so Wooty? Woo. He was like, you grew up with a silver spoon in your mouth. I was like, wait what silver spoon? I said man, that my spoon was platinum First good. Kick me outta practice. Right. Kick me outta practice. He come in the locker room, we get into this full blown argument. Yeah. And I don't play for the next eight games.

(32m 26s):
Damn. Damn. I went from starting not playing, they playing. I walk on they playing. Everybody had people like asking questions like why this, why that? And nobody could give the answer. Damn. So then now I'm like, damn, what'd I do? Yeah. You know what I mean? I said it can't be that bad for me. Just, you know, you trying to be this to me. I'm like yo, it's not silver, it's platinum. 'cause platinum. Yeah it was popping then that shit was popping too. You the Best of the best Big Thomas had. Yeah. Shit. He thought was like, nah, I got, what's that? Nah, it was better what you think. Right. Like you like, 'cause I just feel like you trying to play, you could talk to me another way if you trying to like just say yo, like instead of trying to put me down in front of everybody 'cause of my background where I come from.

(33m 9s):
Yeah. Yeah. I was like okay. And me being who I am, I can be a asshole a little bit. Yeah. I was just like, nah, it's platinum. And I was ready to hoop again but he just took it to whole la keep me outta practice. So it just went downhill from there and I just was like calling back home. 'cause my pops was living in Ccle, they was in Cleveland Coaching at the time and I was telling them how I was being treated and this, and he was like, be professional. My dad was all about don't disrespect the game, keep coming to p practice, stuff like that. So I, I did. And you know, one day I had a Nextel phone because I had two phones in college. So I had a next tell to chirp. Had a chirp. Yes sir. And you could record. And I was like, yo, damn. I'm telling you he be talking crazy to me.

(33m 49s):
I'm a, I'm a I'm gonna snap on him one day. Like he just talking crazy. And I just record. I let my dad hear it and my dad still, then my dad eventually got fired from Cleveland. So he started coming to the games, being around me more. Making sure my mental, making sure everything was straight. And when he first got there, he sat behind the bench and we was doing so bad that the Waco newspaper people don't know the s newspaper. Like yo, when did it be a trip if Coach Lucas ends up becoming the head coach of the Baylor Bears? Yeah. Because he already had a because he's already training all of us in the summertime. And he was, Yeah, he was already locked in Man. The next game, next home game we had, they had my mom and pops in the nose. Damn. They had my mom and pops in the nose.

(34m 30s):
Damn. My dad, my dad be who he is. He grabbed my mama. Said, man, come on. We going back, back down. He sat right down. He went right back to his normalcy. But they had had I ticket, my ticket was all the way in the nosebleed. That's crazy. That's crazy. They hated your ass. Yeah. And then all Nigga the fuck out. And then all of a sudden, you know, unfortunately what happened, what happened? You know, RP to my teammate Pat Dini, all that stuff started happening in the summer. And obviously, you know, we went through, you know what we went through. Right, right, right, right, right. You know, it's, that was a crazy time. Yeah. That was a real, a real dark time. Yeah. Like I can ask the question like, when that time happened, like to go through that or whatever with your teammate.

(35m 14s):
It's a tough, I, I can't even imagine what that feel like to even go through that. Like where would you think was you thinking like, yo, I'm getting out of Baylor, like I gotta leave this place. Like it ain't for me? Or would you like damn, let's, Well before, Before All that happened, I was already checked out. Okay. Yeah. And I was like, man, I'm transferring. He was like, you ain't transferring, I'm holding your paper. You ain't, you stuck here for two years. Dang. That type of vibe. So I was like, I'm like, I'm transferring. Like I don't know what's gonna happen. You know what I'm saying? Like, but I know I'm, I ain't playing for, I ain't playing here no more. Yeah. And then that situation happened and it was crazy 'cause like everybody was in Houston training with us that day. And then we get the phone call asking if we seen Pat.

(35m 54s):
Yeah. I was like, nah, he not down here. Left it like that. And then we ain't think nothing of it. We just thought, okay, so we still going in now weeks go by. Now all of a sudden you see on CNN you see the FBI involved. You see all that's going on. And my, my teammate RT Gwen started like recording like all the conversations and like one of the conversations popped up, I'll never forget this. When I got, when my name got cleared from everything from like, you know, if I accepted any money or anything like that is they got on tape said, well we can't go to Lucas 'cause he ain't gonna lie for us. Damn. Wow. Boy. Like that was a bet like seeing my dad chest poked out.

(36m 35s):
Yeah. Because of All the teaching and way the principles and stuff he taught me and my brother and Sister and you like, you ain't fucked with him at this point either. So it's like, And I ain't talking, I'm just this I'm, I like, I just wanted a hoop bro. Yeah. And it was like when that came out, I remember getting that phone call saying you clear like you enjoy the rest of your college career. You don't have to worry. 'cause they start like, how did he get his car? Like I had my car my sophomore year in high school. Yeah. How he get his rims? Steve Francis brought my rims. How he get how Yeah we gonna get to your life. Like how, how you, how you get your system in your car, Kat Mobley. Yeah. Like, You know what I'm saying? Like those are my big brothers. So they saw me doing good and they like show I'm training every day with 'em.

(37m 18s):
I'm in it. So they like man, like It's like different. That's different. He was not a regular nigga, bro. Yeah. It's Different. It was just like, I grew up different and it's like, it Is normal. We gotta get back to that because we ain't even get to the good shit when he grew up in Philly. Oh, let's talk about that. We here now let's, yeah. Oh, I grew up in Philly. Real freshman. Yeah. How old were you when he moved To Philly? Sixth grade middle school. I went to Ball Kenwood Middle school. It was only two NBA players ever come outta Ball Kenwood Middle School. And they are Who is that Goat first of All? So Jordan went, nah, Kobe Dean. Oh, okay. You looking at that, fuck you looking at me or I look Shout I'm m Yeah, there's only two that came out back.

(37m 58s):
Corn Middle School, Kobe Bryant, John Lucas, the Third. Oh, oh, J three is the one. Yeah. Yeah. I'm telling you it is just like, it is crazy because I, we like, we just literally moved to Philadelphia. My dad was the president and the general manager president and head coach of the 76 ERs when he was there. What? Hold on. I, this is just me. Like what, what is that like? Like I grew up, my mom and dad worked down the street and shit. Like, you know what I mean? I be for real. No, yeah. I get you. You, you know, you my man. Yeah. I get you. You my nigga. But like what is that like to know like, your dad is like an NBA coach. Your dad played in the league but like he, he the guy like What's that? What's that? Like Normal?

(38m 38s):
I ain't think that was just normal day every day. To me that shit Was Ah, I mean bro, when I was like five years old, I remember going to the barbershop with Michael Jordan and my dad, my Michael Jordan picked us up in the Corvette and I'm sitting in my dad's lap. We driving on the south side Chicago while they go get haircuts during the Eastern conference playoffs. When my pops are playing in Milwaukee, That's fire. Like I got every Michael Jordan shoe he ever played in Signed. I know, I, I listen. I know, I know. Like no, I'm talking about the shoes he played in sign, like the shoes he got crossed up in against Allen arms. I got it in my garage signed. I I know III was a ball Boy. I know. I'm just speaking for the people who know don't like, dunno. So I know, I know your line. Yeah, I know. I'm just saying I would Yeah, The culture watch yourself.

(39m 20s):
Yeah. I was, I was, I've been a ball boy my whole life. That shit Is crazy. So I've been around, I've been around like my dad, I, I was like, you know every like kid who just wanna be around. Yeah. All. So when my dad went to the gym and Matter, I was a ball boy. So I used to mop the floor like free throws. I was that kid mopping the floor. Yeah. I was that kid, you know, doing everything. I, I learned how to talk to girls by going into the, into the stands, get numbers. And I used to, I used to, and the players used gimme like $50, go get a number and they gimme a hundred dollars to go get a hot dog and, and and pretzels and be like, I'd be like Here you change bro. Nah Luke, you got it. Keep your change. My changed $85. I'm walking home with three 400 at like six years old, seven years old as a ball boy.

(40m 4s):
It was hard. And getting paid on top of that as a ball boy. Nah, that was hard. What was it, what was it like first seeing Kobe hooped up? When was your first glance of Kobe Bryant? Amazing. Yo, he the biggest Kobe fan in the world. He can't say nothing amazing. Like I love Kobe too. Not as much as I love Jordan, but you, I'm gonna let him go. You got Can't say let Lil get his shit up. Kobe Though. Amazing bro. I Gimme that time. We wanna know the sound story time with J three. Alright. My mom is the one who discovered Kobe. Not like overall, but she the one who it's newspapers and everything. So I can give you all day's, all facts. I never lie. It's all facts. Okay. My mom comes home one day. I just got back from tennis practice with my dad.

(40m 45s):
She come home one day and tell my pops, I think I seen a better high school player than you. Mm. My dad like what? Yeah, you gotta know his dad. So this is funny. Like He low kid about to bring a drug test out to test my mama. Make sure she's straight. Yeah. So my dad was like, all right, next time they play we going to the game. Yeah. Okay. Right. And my mom come in, there's a kid named Kobe. It's a key named Kobe. Go to Lower Manion High Go go these my sister, because my sister graduated lower ion. Yeah. And so my dad, I'll never give, it was a Friday. So we go to Lower Manion High School, they got a home game. So my dad packed me and my little brother up in the car. We just got done working out. So we go all the way to the game and he see jelly, you know, jelly in his pops.

(41m 28s):
And my dad was like, jelly, what you doing here? Like, oh, he was like, oh man, I'm here to see my son play. He was like, yeah man, my wife come home talking about it's a kid up here named Kobe that's supposedly better than me in high school. Like she, he the next best great thing ever to play the game. And he was like, oh man, that's my son. Right. So we, so he was like, for real, like, you know how my dad, so we, we sitting there watching and then the game start, Kobe starts off at the five. Right. He went to jump ball tip, they throw the ball. Hey, he outrun first play of the game, he windmill. Damn. Damn. And that day I was locked in because I never, you know, you don't see it. Yeah. Yeah. So you was like 11? Nah, 12. 12. Yeah. Sixth grade I think like 11 to about to turn 12.

(42m 10s):
I got late birthday. So I, I probably wasn't that about to turn 12. Okay. But yeah. And then we start, then we started going to every high school here. My dad and then, then my dad started having him come practice with the Sixers because we, they didn't have a practice facility at the time. They used to St. Joseph University was a practice facility. Got you. That's why I say basketball's a full circle for me. Yeah, Yeah. Right. So I live right down the street from St. Joe's used to go hoop every day in St. Joseph. Yeah. We there, we gonna get there because I still hate you. So now we, you know, my dad got him practicing and what my dad used to do is he big on competition. So he used to match Kobe up against all of the draft workouts. So Jerry stag cows, all those guys who got drafted.

(42m 51s):
Right. Kobe beat 'em all one on one. Damn. And they was like, man, what school he went to like what high school? Like what, what college he want? My dad was like, man, he a junior high school. This is junior year. Damn. And Jerry Sacks, if y'all sat, that was phenomenal. Amazing. So like, Like y y'all had, y'all had, y'all had my OG on here. Vernon Maxwell. Yeah. I got stories about him for days, but we ain't gonna get in there no whole Shout out to. But But Vern, what he said about Cole ready to fight, he was ready to fight Kobe. Kobe didn't back down from there. I was there, I was at that party. Cole was ready to get his like Vernon crazy bro. Yeah. Oh we know like Vernon got the record for it. Motherfuckers on here.

(43m 31s):
Yeah. Veon. He said, he said in the first five minutes too. He said 37 motherfuckers in the first five Minutes. Yeah. Vernon crazy. 47. My fault. So Vernon was ready to fight Kobe. Like Kobe was really going at him. And he was what? 17? 17. He ain't back down. Damn. And I was just like, ooh. And then I started like, then I start, he started picking me up from school. He was picking me up from my house. But your life different. I remember, I'll never forget when he got his car, he got a, a forest green Toyota Land Cruiser. This Nigga life different. I remember he picked me up because we was gonna work out a city at, I was like, ooh, this's cold. And he had like two trash bags in the trunk of his car. And I was like, man, what you got in the trash bag?

(44m 12s):
He was like young bull, you know in Philly they said Young Bull. He was like young bull. It's a game everywhere in Philly. I I ain't got time to go back home and get my gear and then come back and the game might be over. I gotta be ready right now. Damn. Damn boy. When I got my Dodge Durango my sophomore year, I ain't put no trash bags in my bag. I had like Nike double bags, you know What I'm saying? Yeah. Because shit, Hey I, that's the first thing I did the trunk Durango in the trunk of my car. I put man four pair of hooping shoes and a bag of just hoop gear. But this is a fact. 'cause when I went to Minnesota, this nigga was retired from the league. That nigga still had a bag of shoes in his back of his car.

(44m 53s):
Did you wear your hoop shorts under your, under your pants? Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. If you real You do that. We used to get busy at lunchtime, like you ain't have time. Like you had your shorts on then I was living in Philly at time so we always wore Tim. So you be hooping in Tims damn Bonafide. NBA free You free. It was just different. But yeah, you had shorts on underneath. That was normal. That's just kids though. I just like bring it up for the nostalgia of the show. But that's, that's like kids, our kids don't understand that shit, bro. Yeah, we Always short, I went to parties with my shorts, like nigga, I'm not about to go who I'm really about try to go get something. But yeah, I used to Have my hoop shorts. Shorts definitely under my jeans. Yeah. Yeah.

(45m 33s):
You supposed, you were supposed to pull your pants down a little bit at the, at the, at the parties. Man, You know what's crazy? I, I couldn't say it. The gal chose the hoop shorts combo is crazy. I couldn't, I couldn't say it. You sorry. This is what We do. I couldn, I couldn't sag. Pops won't plan that. No, that's, yeah, pops won't plan. So I've always like, Oh no we wasn't Sagg, we was sing at that party though. I used be scared my pops would come in the park wherever I was. I used to be scared. Like, your pops different. I get caught. I was always like on alert So nah, I Respect, he'd be like, ah, no sagging boy. I used to have my, you know the little belt that is like one size fit all the little Man they come in the motherfucking cor.

(46m 16s):
Yeah, I all that Two. You know what's crazy? Hey, you know what's crazy though, Bill Weakest hand. Hey, hey, you know what I love though? I, you know what I love though. You gotta have some argument cheese if you got Nah, you know what? I love That with the gentleman. Yes. You want, you wouldn't think about it. Right? We off our clothes came from Gap or Target. Yeah. We didn't wear like how mo like how now NBA kids wear like the Gucci and all that. But look, Take that belt outta them pants. We nah, we like that. We used to go shop at Wieners. We used to go stop at at all these different, like my mom just be like, yo, we going shopping Bugo boy, I wore all that Ain't Wien know But you gonna take that belt outta the Nah, I mean it worked.

(46m 59s):
I need so hold my pants up. So work Bro. As long as I Get Bad Shoer, That's alright shoe. But I'm keeping it a, so at the end of day, I mean that joint never, so when we used to get hoop, I ain't have to worry about lifting my pants up to go by. Nobody won't. They won't move. They won't, They won't moving. They won't moving. That's crazy. You get school by Kobe Brown, like that's crazy. Yeah. So it was just like, for me I just, I just was like a sponge soaking up all the games. Is that the best high school basketball player you ever seen? Yes. Because you saw LeBron too. Yep. You saw him do, can you speak on that?

(47m 40s):
When you seen LeBron in high school with his workouts with the pros, that was a better showing, Kobe's showing with the six Showing. Well you got like Kobe had a, a impact on me as an individual. Yeah. Yeah. So I saw a different work ethic that I saw what it, what what it took to be a pro. Yeah. So the impact was a little bit different than what like now that could be my little brothers story about LeBron. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But for me, I was in college when I first saw LeBron. Ah, understood. And my pop's coaching in Cleveland and I never, I remember coming, I just got done with my, so like second year when I was going through everything and my pop's still in Cleveland. So I used to fly back on like holidays or the summers and we was in Cleveland and you know, I train with the guys and stuff like that.

(48m 27s):
And my dad was like, man, it's a kid up here better than Kobe. And I was like, man, whatever like that. He was like, yo, take your little brother. So my little brother's playing on LeBron's high school coach Juice Joy. Yes sir. He had a au team called Akron Superstars. My little brother played on that team. Okay. And they practiced at the University of Akron. So I took my little brother to a practice one day and they were hooping in the back gym. Come to find out a lot of these guys, the local Akron was hooping in the back gym while my brother knew was practicing. I was also hooping too. Yeah. So that's when I first saw LeBron and when I first saw him, it was just no, okay. It was some mild sauce. Oh no.

(49m 7s):
A Chicago mild sauce. That's just my opinion. It wasn't like respect. But then my dad started inviting him like he did with Kobe. 'cause he was like, man, you know, I'm just going to get him the game and let him just come work out. I don't think nothing of it. I ain't trying, I don't want nothing from this kid. Just, you know, let's get some good, some good bump in. So we had a little mini camp and my dad used to fly in guys from Ohio State, Kansas, you know, guys. And we'd have a mini camp and we'll play against the, you know, the rookies who was already there getting ready for summer league. A little scrimmage, little mini camp. And bro came and like nobody was passing LeBron the ball. 'cause everybody knew he was in high school. And we was all like, not passing the ball. My dad like stopped practice.

(49m 48s):
Like, hey, hey, hey y'all little motherfuckers back. Get him the ball. He the best one on the court. Like not talking about his plays, but he was just talking about guys on our team. Yeah. And we like, man, whatever. So I had the ball, I'm a point guard so I can control everything. So I was just like disgusted. I was like, man here. Like threw the ball to him like, like he ain't gonna do nothing with it, so we'll get it right back. Hey bro, shit, get real. We, he on the right side, right hand side of the court. He's being guarded by Ricky Davis. He make a move. Just do something, go baseline. So you got Chris op Carlos, The whole calf scene, by the way, if y'all, They all helps.

(50m 31s):
Id, right. So they all come up, he jumps from outside the paint like jumps like, and like s Chris, they Go up to try to block And this man goes underneath the rim reversing, Throws it in without looking at the, the rim throws ball. And then, you know, he, he lands on his stinky Toes, you know, he runs like this and just keep going man. He, he gotta put ball every possession after that because it was unbelievable. He was like, what else can he not, what else can you, yeah, He unbelievable Though. He no, he, I gotta coach him Man. They still show hand On like, you know what I'm saying? So I'm seeing that and I'm like, yo, he like, and then all of the time you get to see, and then then I'm around Maverick, I'm, I'm around Rich.

(51m 15s):
Like, like before Rich became clutch rich sold everybody the throwback jerseys out the trunk. Every throwback I got, I brought from Rich. That's Crazy. That's why like every throwback Mitchell and that jersey I brought from Rich in Cleveland, he had a van. He used to sell out the van. That's where I got my jerseys from. That's crazy. He overcharged me too. But you know, we had to get them The real StockX. Yeah. Real StockX. We fought. But yeah, so my, and then all of a sudden, you know, my pops get fined 200,000 because all the other teams started complaining saying he had, you know, 'cause he was gonna be a number one pick. And then, you know, he got fired, you know, and then, you know, Ron ended up getting drafted by Cleveland.

(51m 56s):
But what the moments do for you? 'cause I know you lead Baylor and you go to okay state and this where we, like I fell, I like fell in love with your game and found out who you was because okay state, y'all had a squad and you was hooping, you was killing. But I love St. Joe's and we gonna to get to that game. Jamir Nelson, Delonte West. I wore t-shirts under my jersey tees. Yeah. Like I hooped in Barclays Bronze and all that shit. 'cause Jamir Nelson And Go ahead because you, you fucked up my, you fucked up my momentum. 'cause them niggas was cold and they was undefeated. Nah, they were, they they Was doing they Thing. They were cold. They like my gen. So when I man was a black, like God had my back, bro. That's all I can say because I lived Walk on ever.

(52m 36s):
You right. I was literally going to Memphis. Well you gotta talk about your how you left. Yeah. Like I had Memphis, Rutgers in Georgia and I was already like, I'm going to Memphis coach Cal Perry. I already been out there summertime, you know, like now that I coach, you know, you do go to different places and pick each other's brains. So my pops was doing that like in between like jobs. He'd be like, I gotta go to Memphis and we'll go to Memphis. He in there talking to Coach Calipari, they talking Xs and Os and now I'm practicing with the team on shooting, getting my workout. So everywhere we went, I've always worked out. You know what I'm saying? So I was like, man, Memphis, you know, that'd be a great look. Coach Cal, it was gonna be Adris Washington was coming in. He'll be coming in my senior year.

(53m 18s):
Yeah. Yeah. But then Victor Williams was, he went to Oklahoma State point guard. He was, he was the man at Old State too. Victor Wins was a point guard. And then he did his draft workout with my pops. And he kept telling like, yo, you should go to Old State. You should go to Old State. By the time, like I was wilding, I had braids, I used to wear grill. Like I Remember them braids. I remember the, I was Houston. So Paul Wall, one of my, one of my really good friends. So when that song, let me see Your Grills came out, he made me six at the bottom. All diamond out Your life different bro. And, and I was in the rap song. See people don't even realize Paul Wall and Chameleon, they had this group called Color Changing Clips.

(53m 59s):
Come On bro. Still in love with my Money. And yeah. And they, he, Paul Wow. Said I, he said, I swerved down to Baylor to watch John Lucas score. And Jordan came back to the game because the game was bored. It was on a mix tape Respect. So that Was like my Man. Right. Don't forget the Yeah. You don you, you don't forget stuff like that. Right. I said, you niggas don't never forget bars, bro. Y'all, You don't forget it. 'cause at the end of day I wasn't even expecting it because you, the mix tapes used to come out every, every Friday. So I'm, I'm up here driving back to Bain.

(54m 40s):
I just brought the mix tape, that color chain clip and I hear it. I said, hold on, what'd he say? I rewind it and I was like, Ooh. So I walked on campus. Now everybody got the mix tape. So everybody like, oh shit, like Paul Wild shot at you up. I'm like, yeah, you know, you know I'm playing it cool when I, I'm low key height. That's because he done put me on like, I'm at Baylor. Yeah. We Trash. Yeah. Yeah. We like, maybe 10th in the 12th. At the time we was, we, But we had a great squad. We just was running Flex. So we had horses. We should have been running. But no, that's here and there. So Victor Williams was like, man, you should take a visit to Oklahoma. Say it'd be a perfect fit for you. They don't got a point guard. Boom, boom.

(55m 20s):
But at the time, the NCAA said we couldn't transfer. When they said all this, we couldn't transfer in the conference. Conference. Okay. So I could go anywhere and not sit out. But if I went like, and then like two weeks later they said, y'all can transfer in the conference and you won't be penalized. Oh, okay. So originally before The transfer portal. Before the transfer, yeah. So originally I wanted to go to Texas. TJ had it Unlocked? No, TJ left. He just got draft. He was on tj, he was in there with Booby was on their way in there. Booby Booby came with me in My senior year a little bit. Yep. So Rick Barnes kept it to buckle me. I'm like trying to like yell Rick Barnes. Like, I I'm gonna come to Texas. You already know what I can do. Well my other teammate, Kenny Taylor, who was a shooter, he ended up going to Texas.

(56m 2s):
Okay. And Rick Barnes kept it the buck. He was like, yo, we committed to Daniel Gibson. Gibson and we don't wanna bring you in. 'cause we might decommit. Right. But he wouldn't come in into my senior year. Yeah. Yeah. So then I had to respect it. So then I was like, cool. So then the legendary Eddie Sutton called me one day 'cause of Victor Williams. And I go up there, I had a, I'll never forget, I, I went up there. I had my braids, just, my mom used to braid my hair. So I had fresh braids. I had a iceman San Antonio, throwback jersey on he fresh. I, he like, you know what I'm saying? Bus. And I go visit, I go visit the campus. Right. I'm like, man, it's the middle of nowhere.

(56m 42s):
Yeah. But I'm a city boy. Like now I'm eight hours away from Houston. I ain't, I'm not getting on no highway driving eight hours. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And then the next best city is Oklahoma City. Like Yeah. Come on now. That was before KD and them pulled up. Exactly. They ain't even have a team out there then. So I went out there and they ain't telling me I had to cut my hair. Yeah. Damn. Like my, my dad Ben wanted me to cut my hair. 'cause that's when the bus, like the NBA was changing over to like appearances and you know, it was a business and stuff. But I was fighting. I was fighting. I was like, I ain't cutting my hair, I'm gonna wear my braid. AI was like, I'm watching, you know what I'm saying? And then TJ cut his hair like right before the draft.

(57m 22s):
Yo. And then tj, my dad had TJ called me. They like kind of taught me. He come out, I was like, man, I cut my hair. Like y'all go on about that. So I went to Oklahoma State, fresh braids and everything. I'm like, man, all right. You know, I'm looking at the team. I don't know who Tony Allen in, I mean, I know playing against him, but I ain't know like the Grams because they was coming off a red shirt year because they transferred. I ain't know who Daniel Bobby was. I ain't know who a couple. But something in my spirit was like, this is where you need to be. Okay. Straight up. So when I was like commit, they never said nothing about cutting my hair. So now I was like, man, you know what coach, I wanna come here. Well wound. So he was like, oh, you know, I got a couple of rules. I was like, okay. I'm thinking like, you know, he was like one rule, you can't have braids, you can't have facial hair go.

(58m 6s):
You go back and look at our team number guys, You went the drum line motherfucker major Pain. And my dad was like, all for it. Yeah. He probably, so I, I went back home. I was like, oh, well let me think about that. So I, I flew back to Houston and I, there, my, my barber Marquette. I walked in there. I just freshly picked it up and you know you had braids for a long time. You still got the lines in here? Yeah, I had the Braids. I was like, like chop it off. He was like, what? My momma was mad because she was like, that's somebody, that's another man trying to control you. Like she, she barely, she very militant. Yeah. Right up. And my dad was all for it. So I ended up cutting my hair and I, I committed in Oklahoma State and they didn't have no scholarships so I didn't even care.

(58m 46s):
I was like, we gonna pay for school. So I end up my junior year, the year I won the big tour player of the year, John Nate Smith Award, first team, all the America. I'm just giving you a little bit of Accola just talking. Nah, talk your shit bro. American too. But Little Journey. But, but I was a walk-on. Yeah. Respect. Greatest Walk On ever greatest Walkon ever. Respect. And people didn't know I was walk on. I paid, we'll do our research, my junior go do it. They already came out with the facts. They already did it. They, He's so shout to the wacko Texas. So, so I end up paying my junior year. Yeah. So the year we went to the Final Four and stuff, like, I was a walk.

(59m 27s):
I wasn't even on scholarship. I didn't go on scholarship until my senior year, until my senior year. I went on scholarship. I'm Say Boots is out of pocket. They should have made that happen. Did you got Piman was a Walkon. Walkon. He's a greatest walk. Yeah. I, I gotta give it to, I gotta give, Hey, you know in, but you, hey I gotta give it to him. He in Chicago so. Yeah. Scotty might be the best walker on ever. Scotty. Shout, shout out to Jay. Scotty ain't take that shot to get him to the final four though. Nah, shout, shout out to Jay Looked that that Elite Elite a game was was big though. Let's talk about Joe, about the paint Baby St. Jones. My favorite scene, we was talking before the podcast. Jamir Nelson was definitely er than you in college when it came to the shoes. Sure. But you had a good game. That game. Start, Start off first.

(1h 0m 8s):
Let's stop, let's stop playing. Jamer. He top five. Top five. Thanks all time When it comes to college. What? Shout Jay Jamir ne That's every time he see me curse me out. But his, his shoe game won't bad anymore. Nah. You crazy. I mean, you, you could just, You had a Nike deal. I ain't have a Nike deal. You Had a Jordan deal? I ain't have a Jordan deal. Oh, okay. Because I, you know, it wasn't no NIL at the time. So Pops had that, pops had a Nike deal. So I just took advantage of what Pops had De Lineage. That's that platinum. And so at the time, like now you can go on Nike Elite and order 'cause you get a little Yeah. Back then they used to bring you a magazine and you had to go in there and order the magazine Then. Oh, you get to pick Elite?

(1h 0m 49s):
Yeah, I'm old. I'm 42. Yeah, I know nigga. So it's like, you know, and seen the transition. So I, I used, I used to make a point that when I first gotta Oklahoma State, I was going to wear a different pair of shoe every game. Yeah. But then I would Hate This nigga if I were to cook, like you go to my locker, I had over 30 pair of shoes in my locker at school. Yeah. Real DJ Tucker. But damn, if I cooked in a shoe, I would stay with that shoe. I was a shoe superstitious. So I wear the same socks and then I end up put the socks on the same way. So if I ever put my right sock on first Yeah. It was always be my right sock first, then my left shot and then I'd go hoop and I, I scored another 20 ball. I do the same thing. So them 2K fours were always solve so much.

(1h 1m 28s):
The 2K fours I had, you know, it is something about my step back in them 2K fours. I got so much separation, I caught it. They only goal right. Though I no Right. Would be a fade away. Two foot fade away. Yeah. My left would be, they Gather the Gather step. The gather step. Yeah. I and then my left would be a step back. Yeah. Like I didn't trade Ball. It didn't matter however you want, but respect it was gonna be a step back. Yeah. But I, I wasn't that type player. I wasn't a one-on-one player like the iso my iso game was trash. You ain't have no sham guard or nothing? Nah, I ain't have nothing that I just put you in the pick and roll. I hip. Oh I used to hit my hip and I had Ivy McFarland, joy Graham come to a pick and roll and then I bump you, put you on my hip. Read, read, read.

(1h 2m 9s):
And then I see the low man. He might be all And that's what you was teaching Youngs there? I was trying to He didn't wanna listen though. Yeah, he wanna listen. He wanted be Jam Crawford. Yeah. He wanna be Jamal Crawford. Im trying, I had 50. Yeah. I just learned like, like I didn't have that one-on-one Game. And I should see this nigga. Now you Have comes team my coach. I ain't on FaceTime. Hey, I'm serious bro. Like I just used to put He Right though. But he right though.

(1h 2m 49s):
But the things that I was trying to tell him back then is like, bro, that's the game. And I said I was just used to try to make the game as easy as possible for me. Yeah. That's, that's all you try to do. Like if I came out there, 'cause my dad was like, you got 0.5 decision making easy to catch you or go. He was like, you ain't no coach gonna give you five, six dribble to get, get get your shit off. Yeah. That's a fact. So my catch you, if I was wide on for three, it was going up. If I saw you close out, I was going back. If I was going right it was gonna be a gather fade away to my right because I wasn't going all the way in pink. 'cause I probably got it blocked if I go left. It was a step back and I made sure I had the right angle just in case you showed me any kind of contest. I was going off the glass. Yeah.

(1h 3m 29s):
So it was like I knew my spots. I Wanna move to your overseas run. How was that like, did you feel like you had to transition your game when you went overseas for a little bit? Yes. Yes. So you do all this at Oklahoma State? Yeah. You killing Yo I went undrafted. Undrafted. Yeah. Average 17. Crazy. 17 and five. Imagine coming out right now having 17. I'm I'm lottery Probably. Yeah. Damn. Yeah. Yeah. Hundred Percent. I mean, people in the lottery getting drafted as with six points coming out. Eight points. Yeah. That motherfucker. Yeah. So it's like, I was like, and my dad told me like, I was like watching, I was, I know I'm getting drafted.

(1h 4m 10s):
Yeah. The workout put in. My dad told me, you ain't getting drafted. Yeah. Like, he was like straight up. He was like, you know you ain't drafted. I ain't even gonna watch the draft. I thought he went to the casino. Him and my mom went to the casino. That's crazy. He, he knew That's about worse. That my, my situation worse than yours. Man. Your Dad had an inside scoop? Yeah, He, he, I think he already knew I wasn't gonna get dressed. So I'm up here sitting in front of the TV like this, waiting like this. I'm like, oh yeah, I'm going. Yeah. The rocket is 20, the 25th peak. They took Luther Head, Shout Luther Head and shout out Luther Head. But I'm like, huh?

(1h 4m 53s):
Like I, I'm like, I worked out for like every team and my agent at the time was David Fork. Yeah. Who was mjs agent. But my dad was David Forks first client ever. Yeah. So it was like, that was family. So I went with him off top. Right, Right. Life his nigga life is crazy. So it was just like, okay. And then like David was like, oh, back in the day they used to pair you with whoever the super, he had everybody. So just imagine like Jeff Te is the man, right? Yeah. And I'm a rookie, but he a rookie, like he a free agent, but he the highest free agent. So back in the day the agents used to be like, oh, if you want Jeff, you gonna have to take, you know, here and here package deals. So package deals. So that's what it was like when I came out.

(1h 5m 33s):
It was package. It's not like that anymore. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it was like package deal. So I was like, oh, David folk got kg. He got everybody. Yeah. So I, I didn't get drafted. So then I went to go, what happened? I went, I played in three different summer leagues. I played in Vegas. They had one in Minnesota at the time. They had New York, Minnesota didn't have Orlando yet. New York, Uhuh. They had Boston. Boston was the other one. Okay. And they had Long Beach. Damn. So it was New York I in, in the Minnesota. It was Cleveland, New York, Indiana, Minnesota was just a 14 summer league at the Target center. That was my rookie here. And then I left there and I ended up playing with Cleveland Cavaliers in Vegas for their summer league.

(1h 6m 18s):
Okay. But I end up signing with a Minnesota Timberwolves as a rookie. Right. So my rookie year, they drafted Bracy Wright Cy Wright, and they drafted legend Rashad McKen. Those was day two for day two picks. Yeah. And then I was the third rookie, but I was undre, you know, I signed a camp deal. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so we had Mario, Marco Ya we had Lionel Charmers who played Xavier, who was a dog. And we had Troy Hudson. Troy Hudson, the with the Brave. And, but then K Kg was there. Wally Zerbe at, you know, Fred was there. We had, you know, mad Dogg was there. So I'm a rookie. Ooh. So I'm there all summer.

(1h 6m 58s):
Dwayne Casey's the head coach. He just got the coaching job. So I'm there all summer, I'm training, boom, we go training. I'm, I'm actually doing, I'm like averaging like seven, eight points when I'm, when I'm getting my times only in the fourth quarter. Yeah. I'm very efficient. So I end up making the team. And then I went to bed that night. And matter of fact this, we, you not gonna believe this 'cause but Floyd, Mike, I think it was like Floyd Mayra, somebody had a fight and I was staying at the Raton Hotel. You know the Raton Hotel right there? Yeah. Yeah. And that's what they had all the rookies staying at. Yeah. So one day KG was like, yo, come to my house, we gonna watch the fight. You know, I'm a teammate. I'm like, all right, cool. So he his, at the time, his wife and Brandy picked me up and she was like, yo, where your stuff at?

(1h 7m 41s):
I'm like, huh. I thought I'm just going to watch the fight. He was like, nah, KG said you moving with us. Nah, I, I you told me support. Yeah, I know. You know. So I'm like, huh. So I go upstairs, pack my bags real quick. So Kg house. Unbelievable. So I had the whole guest house to myself. His best friend is like T Lou and Chauncey Bill. Yeah. Yeah. So the guest house was called the Billups estate. 'cause I guess when Bill like his family come there, yeah. That's where they would stay. So I stayed in the guest house. So I didn't have my car at the time. And he just brought this brand new CLS cherry beans for his wife. She hated the color. So he threw so much money, she threw me the key. He threw me the key like, yo, this your car. Young fella at paper plate and everything.

(1h 8m 21s):
I'm the only person in Minnesota Rookie with the CLS 22 inch rim driving. And I'm like, I'm not on contract. Damn. You know what I'm saying? Boy, out here, I'm living. So we playing now I'm doing my thing like, and so I make the team. I go to bed that night. I'm like, man, I'm like praying like thank you God. Like ooh, I go to bed. I wake up next morning. They made a tray, yo they made a tray. So I'm walking into the facility getting ready for the first day of official practice. They make a trade for Ronald Dupree to the, from the Pistons. Yeah. So Kevin Mke pulled me to the office and they had to cut me KG calls a fit.

(1h 9m 6s):
Like, that was like the fall of like kg, like leaving Minnesota. Damn. So KG was like, you ain't going nowhere Lord Lord you ain't going nowhere like that. So I'm, he got me staying in Minnesota. He got me staying in Minnesota for two weeks. They trying to figure it out. Damn. And my dad come, he's like, man, we don't bring your ass on. Like, you know what I'm saying? I kids you not. So I go home to Houston. Right. And we get back to training. Now I'm in the, I'm my name automatically goes into the as as the D League at the time. But I didn't even go through the draft because my name was so big in Oklahoma. They allocated me to go to Tulsa with the 66 ERs.

(1h 9m 47s):
And so I ended up playing like the first two months of the season in Tulsa. And I'm averaging like 18, 20. I get my first call up. So I get a call up to my hometown team. Houston Rockets. Yes sir. We played against the Warriors. I'll never forget it played against the Warriors. That's when they had Stack five. Yeah. They had Bar Davis. That's what we believe Warriors for. So, you know what I'm saying? So I, I check in at the game like last two minutes of the game. It was like, I'm like running out there with a, like my head cut off like a chicken with his head cut. And I got a rebound. I done stole the ball. I done like I'm just moving so fast. You going crazy, I'm going crazy. And we end up losing that game. So then I end up going, and this wasn't the 10 day I just got called up 'cause 10 days haven't started yet.

(1h 10m 34s):
So we end up, my next game is in DC. A lot of people don't know I was born in DC so I got family in DC my possibly playing for the wizard. The, but the bullets at the time. So me and my sister are born in DC originally, but I don't associate myself with DC because we moved when I was like two years old to Houston. So I'm from Houston. I scored my first NBA bucket against Chucky Atkins. We just talked about Chuck at, that was my, that was my first NBA bucket against Chucky Atkins, ya mean come sets a side peek and roll for me coming to my right hand. And I hit a floater. And my aunt, my, my dad's sister at the time she was in the stands. So I had a family member in the stand. So that was my first NBA bucket was a floater at the, at the arena.

(1h 11m 16s):
But yeah. And then I got cut the next, then we got cut the next day. I got cut the next day because that nigga journey's crazy. No. But I got cut the next day because they had to let me go. So they went and pay extra in taxes. Yeah. Yeah. So I ended up flying back with the team to Houston. I had to miss one day of practice and then 10 days started. Yeah. So then me and Chuck Hayes both signed Chuck Hayes 10 day contracts. And then I signed another 10 day after that. Yeah. And then they had to make a decision of were they gonna keep me for the rest of the year or they was gonna let me go. So they ended up letting me go. They kept Chuck Hayes. Yeah. So I ended up going back to Tulsa, finish up that year. And then that's when I went to Europe. Then a team in Italy called me to go play in the playoffs.

(1h 11m 59s):
And that's when I played with Pool Allen. Yeah, yeah. Street, you know Pool, Allen University of, he coached, he coached me in Boston. Correct. Yeah. So pool was, I replaced, I didn't replace him. He was injured. So I was kind of like coming in on his spot. Yeah, yeah. And I've never been overseas a day in my life. And so I was like, oh nah, I was ready to check out. I'm like, they put me in a hotel, you know, you in the NBA, you used a and they put me in a hole in the wall. Then I was like, I'm claustrophobic a little bit. So I went to go raise the window, no light come in. 'cause they had a metal sheet over the window. I'm like, oh, they got me in jail. Like that's why like, but I didn't know that was their blinds. It was a metal sheet to keep the, you know, so, so if I would've went like this, then the metal sheet goes up.

(1h 12m 42s):
I didn't know that. Like, and the bed was small. I was like, and my dad, I called my dad. I was like, man, I'm about to swipe the card. Just know I'm about to swipe the card and I'm coming home. They can keep this grid. Like I'm just gonna get ready for, so league, my dad was like, just go to the first practice. He was like, just go to, because he know when I get around ball, I'm in my conference zone, I'm straight. So I went to my first practice and I was like, okay, let me III can do one more day. And then I just kept letting. Yeah. And then I just, that was my First time playing in Europe. In Europe. And I played, I only played playoffs. I got 35,000 foot for seven games. That was more than my G League contact, my my G league contact. 'cause at the time, that was a year in G League, right?

(1h 13m 24s):
No less. Yeah, less. G League was my, my biggest contract in the, in the D League was we had, so this what I feel like they should bring it to the NIL 'cause this shit getting outta hand. I was just speaking about this like in the D League at the time you had three content. You had a a contract, you had a B contract, you have a C contract. But this is the game. Your two top dogs got the A contract. And the A contract was 25,000 bucks. Oh that was the A. That was the A. The B contract was 18 five. The C contract was around 15 something. And how many games did y'all play a week? Energy with a D League still week three we played three. And so me and Bernard King was on the a contract. Bernarda would Texas, his a and l saying Nigga what you born?

(1h 14m 9s):
And then we, and then we had fuck Will Conroy, who's doing his thing at USC, he was was Washington. But now he's at USC. He was a teammate of mine. Okay. Right. And he was a point guard. So Will and I used to bump his all the time 'cause he thought he should be playing more than me. But he just made each other better. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And when I get called up he would start. But when I come back I get my spot back. Yeah. And it'll always call friction 'cause he'll be hooping, you know what I'm saying? But our coach at the time, coach Myers wouldn't be like, oh we going to ease you back in. It was like, nah, you can, you coming back, you just get your spot right there. Yeah. So it called out, bro, I only made 25,000 my first year as a professional, official player. Then I went to Italy and made the 35.

(1h 14m 54s):
So my man, right. I'm looking at Lord, I made like 70,000 a little bit in some change my, my first year as a professional athlete. And so I was like, man, I'm not going back overseas, whatever it is. But I, but I'm just saying, but I made other money besides that. We have, we have bonuses though. I had bonuses in my, in my, in my thing. Oh, so carried one. Yeah, I had my, I had bonuses and stuff. Like if I scored a certain amount of points, I got like this because Europe is different. Get bonuses. So I told my partner, man I ain't going back overseas. What Was your, I mean what was the difference though? What you mean? Lifestyle? Lifestyle. And I was home. I couldn't understand nothing. Nobody was saying in Italy. Oh yeah, me either. What's the game though? Like, Huh?

(1h 15m 35s):
What's the game like? The game is very strategic. I want you To give them the game on that. Like The game is very strategic. They want me be a playmaker. Like they want, they really want me to be a point guard. Oh Okay. That Nigga is two guard. I'm, but I'm a points guard. Points I got points and I usually to get frustrated because we'll be losing, they put me in the game and I score a quick 15, then they take me out the game. I'm like, yo, I'm on five. Why you take me out the game? They'll go back and Pablo Poni was my team, Pablo. Pablo crazy. So I would be like, man, I'm cooking him everything Pat. You know what I'm saying? Like how, why he playing like, oh me. So I never, I didn't fit Europe, but I played Euro league.

(1h 16m 16s):
Like we lost in the Final Four unit. I play on some good teams, but I was like, bro, like y'all put me in the game when we down and then when we, when I get us back in the game, y'all take me out. Yeah. Who was the coldest you saw over there when he was across the water? Bella Elli, Marco Elli. I think it was the first thing. Okay. Played for Rome. Floyd was the first thing. And then the other one was, the other one was Gave you work. He was playing in New Orleans. He ran off about 10 Screens. What's the one that Marco and the big man who got drafted by Toronto. First round Bill Nelly. I mean Baroni was the other one. I played him in Italy. Mm. Bar Barney was the other one was nice. But in, in Spain was in Spain. My teammate was Ta Tiago Splitter.

(1h 16m 58s):
Damn Tiago. I played with him with Atlanta. So we lost. So that was the year I won. See people don't even realize I won a D League championship with the Colorado Fourteeners. I left there a Mother fucking name Fourteeners. So the first and last year then. So it was me. Say it again. It our Colorado Fourteeners. We didn't pull Jersey. They got, they got it. They should did better with that shit. That was like the Negro League nigga. But I had Sonny Williams on my team. Shout to Sonny Williams. So we was, we had a NBA team. Yeah. Like Hamilton was on that team. You probably played against Veon. Dham. So we all was team we, we ran through, we ended up beating Salt Lake City Stars in the championship two days.

(1h 17m 39s):
That's like a regular name right there. Two days later I'm, I'm in Spain playing for the U League championship. And then we ended up losing in the final four and then we ended up losing to Barcelona in the a CB championship. So I could have tried to win three championships in one year. That's Smart. But back to like my first year after I came back from Italy, I said I'm not going back to Europe. So I ended up playing summer league with the Rockets. I should have got MVP of Summer League. You was Still, but technically I wasn't a rookie. Ah. 'cause I played, so Randy Foy that year is when Nate Rock, Nate went crazy and that and then Randy Foy was a rookie that year with Min Minnesota. Yep. I averaged 28, 8 and eight in summer league with the Houston Rocks.

(1h 18m 21s):
Guess who my coach was. Your dad? No. Oh. Guess who my coach was. Fuck was your Coach Tom Tip though. Tips. My nigga Tib read every play For me. That's, hey, if you know Tibs, if he like you, you going to get every play call, every play. What he call forehead. I had angle. So you I had side pick and roll. Yeah. Everything was me coming off the pit, getting to all my sweet spots. And he said if you see the rim, you let it go. Yeah. Tibs bro. Shout to tib. Yeah. I had Pat Carroll who played For St. Joseph. Yeah. Burner. Burner. He was on my team. So I got a lot of assist from him and Then like wait, tell him if you like people You been with Ts? Yeah, T's my favorite coach Tib.

(1h 19m 2s):
I, I love coaches like tills my favorite, my best careers in, in the NBA was coaches that fell underneath the same umbrella. Yeah. So Tills Van Gundy and Stan Van Gundy, They all the same. They all, they one of the same they he Played for Jeff played for Jeff and his. Yep. Houston, Jeff was my coach. Yeah. And then Tills was my workout guy. So every day I worked out with tbs. They were one and the same Damn every day until Yame stepped on court. Then I had to move to the side and it was time for Yame to get his work. Most definitely. But Was team back there then too? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's Ray for Austin. Yeah. To my lu they won and the same, you know, we Sots ended up coaching summer league. I average 28 88. I signed my contract in the bathroom.

(1h 19m 43s):
I, I signed a three year contract for 1.9 million Nigga. And That ain't to get back. Nigga trying to get back home. That's no bread. Because three years from 1.9 you just trying to get back home. That's, that's no bread. It's bread but it's no bread. But the time, you know, I'm like, You trying not to go back over city? No. I should have won to New Orleans instead. I should have been Chris Paul back up What they wanted new. It was gonna, well III should have just left the city of Houston. When I was in Houston. He Probably would've got three For three. It was too much. You was in love. Huh? You was in love with it being at home. I was, I out every night. I'm home And that was a great time in Houston. If you don't know It was a great time in I'm Houston was and I'm, I'm the prince of the city. Like you know what, I'm out every night.

(1h 20m 24s):
The prince of The city. Yeah. No I'm being some real, like just imagine like real, Real of Houston. I dunno about your little three. Hey you to have a battle at the club. Hey bro, I don't go to clubs no more, but I I Nah, III was him. Yeah I was him before everybody. So saying was him. Got picture of yo Dre that motherfucker weak and a bitch on that Denver team. The Denver 14 Kobe though. Yeah, Kobe. You know it's just some heat, you know. It's just some heat. I keep trying to tell you ERs was weak. Fourteeners a Crazy team. It was crazy team. We had a good team though. What color was They? The which one? The Kobe Check your phone. No, not The, you would be sick of it. Oh it was blue.

(1h 21m 4s):
It was like the D Globe. It was blue, blue gold. It was like ball. It was Like the Denver nugget This, it Was like the Denver Nugget, you know, you know. Hey I can tell you exactly. Cool. Damn they Shirt let me show you. So you the on step back was coming on that one. I see it. I see the feed, you see the color right? I the fade, the Step back coming on that. Cause I was going left. I seen the feed. I was going left Jersey Ain bad shout out to the Fourteeners. No I Had a, I had a nice little hairline then it just disappeared one day it disappeared. One. So you go for the Houston and now you gotta make your way in the NBA. You know you signed your three year deal, you back at the city.

(1h 21m 45s):
What's that journey like In Houston? Yeah, I mean you get, you get to Houston, you got your three year deal. Man, I stayed at my parents' house. You ain't the only one. No, I like, my dad was like, you ain't gonna get no spot. I was like looking for places. He was like, no, you gonna stay right here. You gonna stay. You gonna stay right here. What's That like because I had You gonna stack your money up. I had to try to sneak girls at my mama and daddy house when I moved back to India. Nah, I was just, you, you know, hotel room only about 200. You know what I yeah, We had that. Yeah. You know III probably got little paper in my pocket. 40 40. He gonna A trap house. That's why he, I Got them. But my, my, my dad was, but the thing is my dad, I didn't realize.

(1h 22m 29s):
He was like, bro you ain't really making money like that because taxes and everything come in. He was like, you just stay at the house. Your momma cook every night. We ain't gonna bother you. Yeah, we I don't give a damn when you come home. Yeah. It don't matter if you come home or now you grown. Yeah. But he was like, you stack your braid here. So what I used to do with my, my first check, I used to keep a check and then I send a check to my financial people. I keep a check, send the next check to my financial people straight up. So it was just like, I was just thinking, but my habit was I would buy jewelry. Yeah. I III know that about You. Like my thing was like, I was like okay, I'm gonna get a new chain. So my dad was like, he'll let me make those mistakes. Mm. Like he'd be like, oh you got a new chain. Oh you got a new watch, you got a new bracelet.

(1h 23m 11s):
Like he just kept, he was like, okay. Like he'll just let me, you know. 'cause he was like, he going, everybody gotta go through them. But he, I was like, it was a, a teaching lesson but I'm thinking like I'm doing good saving. But then when you go to Jewel and you see a new chain you want and you try to trade in your chain and it's the same chain you just brought from like two weeks ago. But he trying to knock off 3000 of the prices. Yeah. Value. So it was like the value difference. So you just learn as you go. My pops just like, yo, everything my pops did for me was a learning lesson. I call it. I call 'em the blueprint. Nah, your pops is a blue go. Definitely. I call him the blueprint goat. For real. But yeah, I stayed home and shit. How long did you stay home though? You stayed home all three years. Three years. Damn. Well I stayed, I, I got there, I stayed two years and then they fired Jeff.

(1h 23m 55s):
They brought in Rick Outman and we brought back Steve Francis franchise. We brought back Mike James old school. Mike James. Yeah. Mike James was cooking too. Yeah. And then we had, then we just drafted Aaron Brooks AB instant we had, we had myself, we had Rachel Austin. Ain't That crazy you coach that nigga. My nigga Too. Shout to ab. Wherever you are the world, I'll fuck with you. So we instant, we had seven point guards all under the guaranteed contracts. That's crazy. So I, and so I tried to get cut. I was like I'm gonna go play for another team. But they owed me like 700 but they wanted me to get money back and my daddy always told me, you don't get no money back. Yeah. Never. So you never, I just went into training camp and I just played my heart out.

(1h 24m 37s):
Like I was about to change their minds. They just brought back Steve Francis for 4 million, gave Mike James 4 million. Then they trying to trade Ray for Austin. They drafted Aaron Brooks. You know what I'm saying? So it was like I went in there and then I had a hell of a preseason. Then they kept me all the way to the end and Rick, Adam was trying to figure out a way to keep me on 'cause I actually was playing football and I just got frustrated and when they cut me I was still getting paid. And I just like, you know what, I'm going to enjoy the holidays. Yeah, most definitely. So I enjoyed Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year's. And then I was itching to play and then that's when I caught my agent.

(1h 25m 17s):
So okay, I'm ready to go play. And so I did my second stint in Europe with a Euro league team called Benton. It's not there anymore but it was in, it was in Tzo and Reese Gaines was a teammate of mine. Mario Louis legend. And then Lionel Chalmers was a teammate of mine who I went against in Minnesota. In Minnesota. Xavier legend. Yeah. So it was just like that. And then we ain't gonna talk about that situation but I end up leaving that situation. I got picked up by the Seattle Supersonics but the way I left in Italy, they held my release papers. So I took my physical and air team to play the last year with the Seattle Supersonics, which was Jeff Green and KD K rookie here.

(1h 26m 1s):
And yeah I'm about to run out on the court and Sam Prety pulled me to the side and said they won't, they won't give us your release paper. So they end up signing the boy from y'all hometown. Eddie gi, Eddie Gill, Eddie gi. Oh. Oh. He talking about he worked with the Pace, he worked with The Pacers. Eddie. Eddie, they end up and Eddie Gill got that, got them last 30 days when I was supposed to get that cost me like I'm big like cost at least 2, 2, 7, 5, 3. So you then OKC and then Seattle ended up moving to OKC and I end up playing on OKC team. Yeah. So listen me, you had a couple great out. We gotta ask you a couple before we get out here, let's talk about the bull situation.

(1h 26m 42s):
We in Chicago obviously Grace Weekend honoring D Rose. I wasn't playing in the city of Chicago man. Best City ever. Mm. That it ain't the best city ever but it is a really nice city for basketball Wise. No, Indianapolis is Well don't let them shit On your story. No actually it, it is nothing like walking on the same hallway. Jordan and Pippen and all them walk in every night in night out. And then it sold out every night. You Saying the NBA? Yeah, I'm saying and it sold and it sold out every game. It did sold Out. And we was the number one team in the NBA. Y'all Was lit. I killed y'all though. But y'all was lit. We still won the battle. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. We, our whole thing. Y'all won the war? We won. No we won everything about it.

(1h 27m 23s):
They won better. We won everything about like we, they almost, they almost had us in the playoffs. They almost had us in the playoffs shout out to Smooth. We used to love when Smooth made his first shot because we was like, oh he gonna take away Jeff's shots. He gonna take away because my nigga games Joe Johnson shot because he gonna think he owned. Yeah. And that's what happened in the playoffs. We ended up being all game six. Yeah. And we, when he hit that first shot in Atlanta, in that game six, we was all on the bench. Like ooh yes. Like we got him, we got him. Hold on. We, First of all, we doing it to my nigga not Doing that to number five Smooth my man. But I'm just saying he would, he would be on. So you know as any scorer would be, you see your ball, you see the ball going, you gonna think you own.

(1h 28m 7s):
But now you taking shots because Jeff and Joe, Jeff and Joe was cooking us that, that, that series I was having a moment. He was, they was playing, they was playing great basketball but we just had, we had Po Dini. Yes sir. And, and and PO would do some ble, you know that's MV P or he did some That was crazy. That was different. What's that like? Like you know you've been a part about some, you've been around Kobe, he been around some great players. When Paul before p damn D Rose got hurt. Oh before he got hurt. Like where did you rank him? Like what did you see? Because niggas was scared of him. Oh bro we had, we, we used to have this thing called the Rose flu. People was ducking him. Oh God. Some of y'all favorite players was ducking him.

(1h 28m 48s):
I'm gonna say that in the camp some of y'all favorite players now was ducking him. Fuck that shit. And we seen it. Yeah, I ain't gonna say no names 'cause he all colleagues of my brothers. Yeah. But we like we'll be, we used to mess with like the other point guards on the team. 'cause you know sometimes he be playing, sometimes you know we'd be like oh he playing today. Oh he playing today. We used to warm up saying that and all of a sudden like we get the report before the game start so and so out with an ankle injury. Yeah. But we just saw him work out a full workout. Yeah. Before the game. Well what Happened? I noticed That, hey I kid you knocked nobody wanted that smoke with that man. I ain't gonna lie people, The kids today not even gonna realize how much of an impact with how good D Rowes Was.

(1h 29m 29s):
Nah, he was unbelievable bro. He was unbelievable. And he practiced hard. Do you think Ja Marin is comparable? No, He was unbelievable bro. Ja ja. Marin ain't Special. J ja Morin is special. Yeah. Ja Morin's special. They two different I see the similarities in certain Things. I'm just, I'm just asking if People compare. No, but but it's, it's, I don't think you can compare anybody to him at that time He was a animal. Yeah. I'm just, I'm and I'm night in, night out practice every day seeing it. You know, you just, And at that time, no disrespect to the point guards. Nah it was just like an elite level of point guards. Yeah. Had D Wheel, Everybody was, every point guard was Cole Rondo, cp, Steve Nash D Will like he said every team point guard was just nasty.

(1h 30m 11s):
Nasty. It was like you had young Kimba Brandon, Jens, he Separated himself just from everybody. He was just man, he just, Steph was in the league. Steph was in the league Greatest. But you had Monte Ellis, Monte all them City Bullet in The league you know, you just, it was just, he was different. Drew Holiday was still like crying. He was just, he was different. And you could tell how this, you know, it was crazy how this city, how was proud how the city showing him love for this what we, what we're out here for. Right. Just imagine him, he brought that energy they're giving him now he brought that every night. 'cause he wasn't gonna let the city down. Yeah. Yeah. Nah, I mean He did it more than just for him and his family. Right. He did it for the, for the shy. Yeah. Playing against him at that time, like I had guarded like all the firepoint guards at this time and like him, it was just like nah this nigga just got a different gear.

(1h 31m 1s):
Like Yeah. I wasn't scared of nobody. I playing basketball was like funny. I wasn't scared of him. Like I played him in high school. Yeah. And then you get every, they used to run his forehead play, they run it every time down. You like, what the fuck? And he just never stopped. Like you, he had missed two shots you like. Yeah motherfucker. He can't shoot the next four possessions. He's attacking you like he never quit like Right. You like, yo, this. That's why I tell y'all didn't guard Steph. I didn't guard Kyrie Iden guard, you name him, you guard Some Hitters. He will, CP D Rose was the most Fero. Like he was crazy bro. I'm like yeah, this nigga different.

(1h 31m 42s):
Who Next? Who next in line though? He guarded some hitters. So you Got D Rose, who you got next in line? Like who? I just couldn't stand to guard because they was just like, Steph is annoying 'cause he, he not even like a point Guard just constant moving. He like throw the ball running and then all of a sudden he started running. Yeah. Kyrie, Kyrie, Kyrie is like guarding a two guard, like guarding Kobe Bryant. He gonna post you up. He gonna do all that stuff. But like, I would rather guard Kyrie 'cause I know where he gonna catch the ball. Right. Like D Rose, he bringing the ball up, he getting a pick and roll. He might call pick and roll off. Then he might iso you. He didn't like you didn't know. And it was all like attacking. Like Kyrie might jab you, jab you three and if he had three you could contest.

(1h 32m 23s):
You just gotta live with it. D Rose wasn't shooting no threes, They was getting to that bucket. Yeah. He was straight at you. Like you was north To south. You either going getting a foul or you getting scored on north to south. And it was, and then Westbrook was kind of like similar. Only thing that held Westbrook back is like he had KD and James at this time. Yeah. Yeah. And it's like not holding back but you knew like he had the pass at some point in time these two guys touched the rock. Right. Rosen had that Lou Al was going cut. Yeah. He was finding all them. Nobody had no set plays. It was just really D Row was gonna make the plays for everybody else. But he was ferocious Bro. Yeah he was. And you know, it made us so good that we had great players but everybody knew they wrong.

(1h 33m 7s):
Yeah. They accepted that. Yeah. We all accepted that role. I knew I wasn't going play if CJ and D Rowes was healthy, you know, but I had to stay ready 'cause Tibs would always 'cause of my shooting ability, he would throw me in at the two guard. Yeah. To spread the court out. Now my, my guy would go help D Rose 'cause he's drawing some more attention kick outta me. So you always had this, even though I knew like, okay they healthy, I might not play today. So, but I was just, I was just, I always wanted to be one of the 1%. Hmm. What happened when LeBron jumped over you? I don't know how I got to that, but I was just thinking of the Chicago Jersey. I, I was gonna slide. You Were 15 right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, because that's all I had seen to That's the day. Yeah. Yeah.

(1h 33m 47s):
I was gonna slide to my nigga transitioning from basketball to coaching. But no, we're here. We're here. I mean shit. I mean what, Hold on. When you woke up and everybody was and that shit was everywhere Bro. That's On LeBron. Like Yeah, I'm be the hall of Fame. Yeah. Nah, every time, every time I'm, I'm be in the hall of Fame bro. Every Time the playoff starts And I'm cool with it. JL three is, Hey, What was you thinking though when he Jumped up? I wasn't thinking, I ain't see it happen until, until we called time out and they put on a jumble truck. Why didn't you electric slide to the left Because of rip Ham. Which I can't wait for him to get here. Y'all that's Yeah because it was Rip Guy. Yeah, he was supposed to drop back.

(1h 34m 27s):
I called the pick out. He supposed to drop back. He supposed to be the low man. But you know, we so defensively minded. Yeah. With tips. Okay. You got caught up on the screen. So let me, I gotta take your spot. And that goofy ass play. They still running to this day though. Mario, who is one of my really good friends. Me? Yeah. When he did that, I ain't talk to him for like two days. He Could, I didn't talk to him. Pass, it was bro, he jumped and when I, when I looked I'm like damn, who he throwing that to? And then like that. But that is my mindset. I'm like yo, who you throwing that to? And when I, when I, I looked up and you see me like this, all I see is feet. And I'm like he dunked and then he had a nerve to look back at me. Right. So my mind was like, yo, hurry up, take the ball.

(1h 35m 8s):
I'm gonna run, I'm gonna run down and go get a bucket. Yeah. But Tims calling a time out. So now when Tim's calling, So now when Tims calling a time out, we sitting now Tim's in the middle with Andy and all them and now they got it going over the jumble trying everybody like in Miami, you know they wear all white at the game So you looking up and it's all white and they like, oh, oh they going crazy. You know what I'm saying? So I'm like crazy. And then he su me out. Damn. I didn't know that. If you, if You watch It. No. If you watch the timeout, I'm about to get back in the game. Yeah. He put pool back in the game. I'm still so I ain't really get my lick back in.

(1h 35m 48s):
Two, two weeks later they came here. But what saved me was like two days later that's when, 'cause I was number one for like On me sports a lot Until Blake Griffin dunked on Kendrick Perkinson threw the ball in without touching and then he became number one. Then I slid to number three. Yep. Shout to per we we, But that, that's what saved me. You on, you on deck for the show bro. Yeah. But then when that happened, bro I couldn't like, and now you like people like ooh you know you got Don Don my LeBron. I be like Nah that's you. It's Jason Terry. It's a lot of y'all in that. Yeah But They ain't, this is iconic though. Yeah. It's like Jason Terry is that Terry Bars? That's Paul. We ain't doing that because Jay, he cleared on bro. He did But Boomed though.

(1h 36m 29s):
Motherfucker Jr. It Gotta, he fell it got it got to a point in that game. I thought he was picking on me bro. First he jumped over me. Right. Yeah. And then I'm picking up full court. He set a screen on me. I thought it was illegal. I, I tried to fight him. I got up and tried To fight him. You gotta wild out. Look, I got a clip. You feel like I feel about bro. Yeah. I wild out. I just said fuck it, I can't beat him. Yeah. It's like I'm taking him out. Right. I just ran into him. He went to the stands popcorn all over the, but see that's what happened. When niggas get embarrassed on the court, they try to play extra hard At No I was, Niggas was playing a the Nah bro, I kid you not. He said a pick on me it was a legal screen like once you go back and watch it.

(1h 37m 9s):
But I was just like, oh he picked, I got little man syndrome bro. Like I feel like, like I ain't never gonna let nobody taller get the best. That's a six eighth he's been around me. So he seen, he seen a different side of me. Yeah. So I'm like oh he gotta see me now. So it is like I'm trying to get up but it's wet on the court. So I'm slipping and sliding trying to get to him. And when I pushed him he didn't move. And I went back and so now I'm like, ooh, I hope nigga, nigga all I said was like, ooh, let it be an NBA fight. Like let everybody like let everybody come in the middle and break it up and then I'm gonna turn up like oh you like that. And that's what happened.

(1h 37m 49s):
'cause Ty's Gibson ran over there real quick and like, and like Mario Charmers his whole man. I was like, get off me. Like, you know what I'm saying? I'm like Woo man, I got that, that fine check. I was hot but I was just like, oh he got and then two weeks later they came back and for like a whole two weeks I was just kept seeing her and like poo's one of my best, like one of my really good friends. Yeah. Yeah. Like he know how me and Ppu rock. I know. So Poo was really supposed to come back that game when we played Miami here. And I knew if he came back I wasn't. Yeah. I called him on the phone. I said Yo gee you gotta sit out this game.

(1h 38m 33s):
And he was like, what? Because he was itching to get back. You know, he missed like five or six games. I think he had turf toe or it was something, one of the injuries that I was like, bro, just this game sit out. I gotta get my lick back. Like you don't realize what it been like for these two weeks for me. Right. You know what I'm saying? My dad called me talking about day we about to get put in protective custody and all that. Like, like he called me talking about, damn, you done make the name famous than ever. Like he, he messing with me. Yeah. And so I'm like, I gotta get my lick back. Right. Yeah man, it was everywhere. I was everywhere. So I'm driving down the highway right here because I lived out north because we practice out there. I'm driving down. Woohoo.

(1h 39m 13s):
He was ig if you, if I sit out you better kill. I said copy like no more. Man. I had like three Red Bulls that I was turned. Man, I check in the game. It was go time. I ain't miss, I ain't miss that one shot. I miss, the only shot I missed was a wide open corner three. That was the only shot I missed that game. I had 24 points. National Televis game. And then I already had in my mind if he, 'cause I was gonna cook Mario and I was gonna cook Norris Cole. Norris Cole. I shout to Cole. They're my guy. I had one person in mind that I had to get my league back. But those were the guys that was guarding me. Yeah. Yeah. But I knew if I cooked, SPO was gonna switch off.

(1h 39m 55s):
Yeah. LeBron go, come over there. So fourth quarter LeBron switched off on me and Ks calling to play for little while. That play went through everywhere. All I saw in like that summer. 'cause it was lockout here. Yeah. That summer I was playing in New York. So I was like really working on my game. So that summer I averaged 50 in Nike program in New York. I heard about that. I had 60 KI had the night. KD had 61. I played in that game at Rucker. I had 21 the next night we played him. I had 60, he had 49. But he won. So, you know, but I made my, I made my name in New York as well by going to play. What was your nickname? Cool hand Luke Cool Hand. Luke Cool hand Luke the gun. Slinger about to get shooter, mc.

(1h 40m 37s):
And so, so when we came back, I started working on a double step back. Yeah. So I was like, I gotta, it's almost like, you know, like a box. So you gotta get your jab. Yeah. So to me a step back is like kinda getting your separation. But because of his length and my size, I knew I had to. Yeah. I can't that I ain't gonna keep a gangster with you Nigga. Crazy. Oh, back double step back.

(1h 41m 21s):
The double step back is gonna be, yo, for a minute, I am a boy. Oh my God. So y hey. So anyway, I had to go through a double step back because his arm lift, right. I ain't lie arm DJ face. So His arm lift Dj, So his arm lived DJ I had, 'cause I had to see the rim. So when I hit him with the double I saw and then I hit him with, and so then I got my shot off. And so when I hit the shot, I, I knew what the cameras were.

(1h 42m 1s):
What'd you do? I said he can't hold me either. Oh. This nigga I ran. It's all facts. Yeah. Oh, Luis go find it. Can't wait. I said he, he can't motherfucking hold me either. I looked dead in the camera and said that he was wild. And my dad called me and said you had an out of body experience. He was like, let's, let's, let's, let's, Bob's always humble nigga. Yo, He always humbles you. So he was like, let's keep it a bug. You had an out of body experience. I like, you know what I'm saying? Like, Come back to you like, damn man, yo. That's how my promises was bro. Man. He kept in a buckle with me. So that was, I had 30 my First game against in high school my senior year against Eric Gordon. And my dad was like, I mean somebody had to shoot.

(1h 42m 45s):
I coached him too. Yeah, you did. It's crazy. 'cause now coaching, now I'm coaching against guys. I played against. Yeah. That's what I wanna to Get into. Like, and I play against teammates, coach my teammates play against, you know, just, I, I always wanted to coach at the bat after I got done Playing. I wanna show love to you. 'cause like we talked about it earlier, but what you did for D Rows, people don't know. I know, I know. 'cause I was there and you brought, we like not to shit on D Rose or nothing. 'cause you know, we love him. Like that's, that's my bro. They, that's my nigga. But when he came to Minnesota, his confidence was gone. He was done. He was telling us he was done with basketball. Yeah. But he was, I'm done man. I'm gonna retire. T's doing me a favor kind of thing.

(1h 43m 26s):
And you like, I watched y'all work and put in so much work to where he got back and to the point where I was like, nigga, I need to come off the bench. Like this nigga need to be a story. You know what I'm saying? Right. But I watched you and him and his family, like his his wife. Y'all are all in the gym. I'm coming late night after drinking, doing whatever I'm doing. And y'all like, come in here. You like t come in here, pool here shooting. I'm like, yeah, all right. Don't give a fuck. I come in there, I just see y'all putting in work. And my thing is, I wanted him to write his own story and don't let nobody else write it for him. Facts. Yeah. And he had a lot left in him. Definitely. And when you go through what he's gone through your mental game.

(1h 44m 8s):
And that's one thing. Tennis, go back to tennis help me with. But also it also goes back to recovery. Yeah. My dad's a recovering drug and alcoholic. So I used, he used to scare me because I, he used to scare me. I used to go to AA meetings with him. Yeah. He used to make me stand up, be like, hi, my name's John Luc III. And everybody be like, hi John Luc third. He'd be like, I wasn't att and things, but he was just showing me the mind of mental and stuff like that. So I'm looking at p I'm like, bro, you still Kobe? Like, you know who you are. Yeah. Like I had to like kind of reinsure. I'm like, yeah, you know when somebody's confidence and stuff because you like, now I, I can only imagine playing in today's era with social media, people always commenting about every and everything.

(1h 44m 52s):
Like, and you gotta learn how to block out the noise. So I'm telling him like, bro, you, you got about five more. You like, you can get another big deal. Yeah. Like I know you made, I was with Pool when he signed that 89. Then the next day he signed 329 with Adida. Like I know you got the bread, stupid bread. It was like, but bro, you got so much more to get to this game. Oh. They say you can't shoot. Fuck that. We shooting 1500 shots. That's a fact. I'm, I'm and we going be we going. My goal is for him to shoot over 40 something percent from the three. And he did it and he did it, man. So, but every night we put that work in. Yeah. If you ever know it's in Minnesota, he start wearing an elbow pants. Yeah. Shot. So we shot so much. And I'm like, so when he, when he hit that 50 ball and he was crying, he came and gave me a hug.

(1h 45m 37s):
I was like the ultimate thank you because I'm like, forget what Steven ain't Smith and all them saying then ran up and down this court like we ran up and down this court. They don't know. Yeah. That's a fact. You know what I'm saying? And it's like, no knock on them. But I'm like, they just talking. Yeah. Like you got a, you got a chance to prove everybody wrong. Which he did. And he and he went on and played what, six more years after that? Yeah, I watched And I'm trying to talk to him crazy. I'm talking to him the same way. He ready it hanging it up too. That Ain't, that ain't D Rose. That's, That's Jaylen Rose. But what y'all don't realize He was giving us the same speech but I was, I was playing He won't listening. He ain't listening bro. But it was different. 'cause I'm like, DRO like to me, you know oh seven class D Rose, MVP.

(1h 46m 23s):
When he giving him this spiel, I'm like the the corner guy, like he doing his thing. And I'm like, yeah, get that nigga ready man Right now he, if he Kill we gonna be nice. He the hype man. But in a good way. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Still competitive. But he was like, yo, I rock with him. Yeah. Like, I'm Like, I got his bet. He was like, I wanna come off the, he raised his hand. I'm looking at him like, he crazy though. I wanna come off the bench. I'm looking at, at him. I'm like, huh. Like I'm just not gonna give him my job now. Like if I was playing, I'm like, nah. But I'm Like, he wanted to come off the bench 'cause he wanted to go against all the backup. I'm keeping a buck with you. He, he, he like, he can fool. He real he'll fool everybody else. He wanna go against the backup.

(1h 47m 3s):
Yep. He ain't want to, he ain't want to guard night in, night out Guard wanna go. He ain't. I did But it's, but it's smart though. It's smart because it's longevity like you figure it out. So it was just like for me, I wanted all, everybody I rock with, I wanted the MO to succeed. That's a Fact Shot And that and that was my biggest, I just wanted everybody to succeed. And that's why I gravitate to you because people that I know in my life, everybody sim similar to that. Like you. Yeah. All of us. We want everybody to win in here. Yeah. We wanna win. And that's when I gravitate to you like you don't naturally gravitate people that, I mean gravitate to people that you don't rock with. Right. Yeah. We had coaches on that staff or nigga you know me, I wouldn't even nigga you behind a bitch.

(1h 47m 45s):
I'm like, Luke man, what the fuck we Running? Hey he'll get me in trouble. Like I, You see what I'm saying? Talk Like I, that's how I get fired. No real talk. That's how I get fired. I'm For real. I would really come to the bench, It seems be Like, what do you see? And I'll be like, Luke, what the fuck we need to run. And I get fired because now like they not looking at the main guys see and nigga be like, Shoot the fucking ball. He be wide open. I boy I'll be like, Jimmy said run. He like fuck him, shoot the ball. He be wide open. And he'll he was like, he'll defer, he'll defer. And I'm like, this ain't, this ain't that same kid I know that got out the Challenger. Oh. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm still, I'm still thinking like he him.

(1h 48m 28s):
Yeah. Like with that mentality. Yeah. And that's, that's like once you gimme your first impression, that's who I think you are. Yeah. But I appreciate that though. Yeah, for Sure. All man, we appreciate you Luke. Listen show Bro. Obviously man we saw you at the top hundred camp. We was just like, it makes purposes like having your knowledge to help these young youths and especially like you said with the mentals and the social media playing basketball at the full part. So to have somebody you and charge like that, we really happy to see before we get outta here, man, we had a great story on this podcast. So we gotta recon confirm, you know, before we get outta here man, we gotta talk about the Minnesotas man. Y'all pulling up the club. Shout to the Somalis. They said y'all good at Minnesota, they good with Club five 20. Yeah, but we gotta recap that story man. We, we Good. Look man, we always good. No saying we real good Now we talking about we always good Minnesota fuck with me.

(1h 49m 13s):
We always, we always good. Good. Jay Lou always good. I step shout, shout to JV for stepping in them. Kurt Franklin. They game. Hey Mant called Go. Hey bro, I don't even go out. You know I'm, I'm married, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I don't go out So just throw me under the bus. But You know, he wanted, he know he had a bad game that day. Yeah. He had a bad game. So we went out to eat. I always go out to eat with the players. I don't go out with the players, but we'll go eat. I ain't gonna pass up a meal. Exactly. You know what I'm saying? I'm on the coaching budget now. Absolutely respect. So, so we go out to eat. I'm trying to talk him because he ready to jump off the ledge. Not literally, but he like mad 'cause of the game he had.

(1h 49m 54s):
So he was like, you know, I just need it almost remind me of like that scene in paid in full. Like yo, hey I just need to be around love. Like, you know what I'm, it was like one of them moments for Real Boogie. So I was like, he was like, well we gonna go out so and so. I was like, alright cool, I'll, I'll come out for a little bit. So it's me, Jared Bayless who wore a suit all the time. It's no dress code no more. I'm not making this shit up. He wore a suit all the time. Clean though. Clean. Right, right. And, and I ain't your normal coach. Like once I get out my coaching and I'm back how I've dressed now, Nike, I'm gonna be fly. So he, he goes out. So we go out and So, you know, all a sudden we just in there chilling in the corner. All a sudden like 30 people come walking towards me and they speaking to me in, in they language.

(1h 50m 38s):
I'm looking at them like, what? I guess they ain't like my, my reaction. Yeah. So they started getting a little bit hostile with it's just me, him, and Jared. Right. Yeah. So you see how the bottle right there, I don't even know who bottle it was that I grabbed, but I was just, I had a bubble cut on too. Yeah. So I like they doing all this talking. I just grabbed her joint. I'm like, we gonna get outta here. I gotta get home to my babies. You know what I'm saying? So he doing all so I'm wolfing back at him. He like, I'm like, bro, I ain't Somali like I'm from Houston, Texas, I ain't from here. And he like, no, you do. And I'm like, nah. So what saved us was a whole nother argument happened.

(1h 51m 21s):
A whole nother fight started and they had to run on there and they turned around and turn and all of a sudden before me and Jeff could turn to walk out the door, we walking. Yeah. Because I'm like parked my back. I'm like, you know, I ain't really scared like, like whatever going, we see Jared, Jared two blocks away from us and me and Jeff is like, yo. And all you see is them Stacey. Adams like, he's sliding 'cause it was black ice out there that day. So he running, he's like sliding. And I was like, yo, that's crap. I said, that's the last time I go out. Like if I go out, he can't come with me yo. Because shout. That's my, and I see I love, I love Jared. I see him all the time in Phoenix while I was coaching in, in Phoenix.

(1h 52m 3s):
We love Jared. He he's the man. But that was a crazy night. But I wasn't supposed to be out. I was like, it was his fault. I'll take the blame. It was his fault Jared. But it is true. But they did it. Facts. It's true. They thought now thought that Minnesota Shit took a toll, bro. And they be telling they be here, you good. Them other niggas, they gotta check in. Respect s respect, respect, respect. But he be, he be messing with me all the time because we used to always play one-on-one. Yep. Mm. And he was coming back from injury one day and I was getting the best of them only for five possessions though.

(1h 52m 46s):
Those, because I ran outta gas. Right. I'm outta shape when I ran outta gas. Yeah. I like mentally I was like done hooping. Yeah. And they had posted on Twitter at the time. They was like, and we and I think you was hurt who was hurt. Yeah. Tys was hurt. So we had to bring a point guard in. So I'm trying to get him ready. I'm not even thinking. They was like, yo, we should bring Luke in for 10 days. Yeah. Like that's what the fans, because he's like, Luke, what he doing to Jeff t he going to tweet back and post another video, keep watching. Like, he couldn't let me just have my little, because after that, boy it was cook session. Yeah bro. I, I was, I was, it was session after that and I'm, because I retweeted the post, somebody posted like, okay, yeah.

(1h 53m 30s):
I'm telling my daughter like, yeah this how your daddy used to play. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then boy he posted, he was like, nah, y'all gotta keep watching the video. He somehow call out video coordinator in the video. Who was it? Brian Randolph at the time. He get the highlights of him cooking me 15 straight possessions. He, he wanted the left, he wanted the right. I didn't even touch the ball in the middle of the court 'cause he went five five in a row. Yeah. And on a SI Just had a little bit of fucking though because if Minnesota, they had me fucked up. But yeah, that's All, that's my dog though. III mean that's, that's my man right there. I appreciate you on the show bro. Nah. Yeah, we, I appreciate y'all having me For real appreciate man. This is all time coming man. For, for show man. Man, this is like family. But we gonna do another episode, man. Probably in Indy. You know, I know you got some big stuff coming up.

(1h 54m 11s):
We gonna let you announce that when you ready to announce it. But man, we excited for you. Whole journey. We Need to announce that before the Allstar game though. We'll talk about that for another podcast. Hey man, y'all, Hey man, I just wanna tell y'all man, y'all really holding down to culture though. Y appreciate It Bro. Y'all doing y'all theme, man. I watch all y'all episodes so happy I can be a part of it. Appreciate y'all. Listen man, we're gonna do this again another time. We appreciate y'all life. Share, subscribe, all that good stuff. We'll be back next time. Club five 20, The Volume.

(1h 54m 52s):
Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report.