
This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal, you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games, go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all yours with PayPal. Download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we started together. Watch the Today Show weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report,


The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back. We're partnering with Nissan. So pull up to their exclusive lounge to get a special look at the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks and Nissan Rogue. The Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 and features available 12.3 inch touchscreen display while the all new Nissan Kicks holds it down with a totally redesigned interior cabin with features like available wireless apple CarPlay and available panoramic moon roof. Relax and see how Nissan is leveling up the game. Come kick it April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Get ready for culture, community, and good conversation


The Volume. All right man. We back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wilson. Sang game with me to my left. We got my dog Bishop. Be here out the pearl. How you what? Nasty. What's up family? Let's get to it baby Man. They said the B is for bars now. What's up man? You made your debuts of the world. Yeah man. Y'all got my iPhone lapping still. So now people are going to that page and resurfacing all the videos on goddamn TikTok right now. Yeah, Some Somebody owes you a Christmas gift. I've been seeing all the TikTok edits. They've been going crazy man. And Shout out to my boy Travis Porter.


Well my squad Travis Porter Sunday Digital. We gonna, we gonna make it right bro. I ain't getting paid from it bro. Oh, Sunday digital made the rack on Rack. On rack. Yeah. So I told him we gonna make another beat And I wanna come down there and record. Ah, he tried. He thought you was Nah, he was laughing. They, they was trying to FaceTime but I was sleeping And I had called, called him. I called Dre from Travis Porter the next day and he was telling me like they was just laughing at that shit and Sonny was like Nigga that's my beat. Oh I need my cut so I got you nasty. We gonna lock in when I get back to the A. Nah, He waits up. Say hey ain't running Residuals nasty. That's How niggas doing Though. Yeah, that ain't Sonny ain't worried about that little change though.


It ain't even no change. He'll get from somebody from TikTok. Yeah you gonna take up YouTube down to my right. My dog Young Nacho young team Now. You what? I'm chilling man. Barbie late. That's funny. I'm Chilling. And what up Thundercat Pepto biz mouth? Nah, I'm chilling though. It was good with y'all. Cool man Ain. That good salmon two piece. You too. Oh don't you worry they will. Especially when she started off that episode, that question last Week. Oh man. What Was her question? The the superhero question. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


She got shit cracking for sure. See you getting a crack mean Y'all see Kanye, I know we talk about basketball first but no here him telling him, tapping in on Ray J and say hey let's tag in, let's go crazy. Oh yeah baby moms let's who? Let's who? Both ways. I'm saying whoa. He said we already did anyway that was the craziest part. Him saying we already did it. It is crazy. Wow. Yeah, he said he liked to watch them. Them entertaining motherfuckers is different. I don't want to get that high y'all Yo he yo, He funny. He my celebrity low. I ain't gonna lie. I can't reach that level of nasty just openly coming out saying you like other niggas, watching other niggas hoop on your girl is crazy.


You think like he's so famous that like You gotta be freaky. No I'm saying he's so famous that he just don't care no more Yeahm. I'm saying like about anything. I see. I feel like he, because he just said he thinks he's untouchable now. Did you see what he said about Beyonce? No. He said damn I wish I had 10 more minutes in that studio session. Yeah, he like you don't think I, he just don't care. You gotta apologize bro. He just don't care at all after him winning that money back from Adidas and his getting, I told you so moment he has been on a complete tear and been saying the worst shit He back up. You know, big, big, big coin. So He don't care. He don't care. He ready to die bro. Damn. Yeah, I, I don't know what He tweaking now bro.


Hey ready to die. He ready to crash out bro. Kanye clowning bro. I just thought that was funny man. My Boy, my boy needs some help man. Get well soon we can Get back to the regular. He is definitely first team I'll get well soon. Kanye it's crazy star line. Those riff used to work now we did belong. He said some crazy shit about Haw. Oh okay. What's for breakfast? It's like come on bro. Yeah. Yeah but it's terrible like that 'cause like when you meet the people like that's terrible. We, at one point we would've loved to had Kanye on this platform. Now I probably very lucky if that shit would happened. But it's like man, niggas love your music bro. Yeah. Kanye gonna be saying we some whole ass niggas And we scared And we puppets and shit. I know it's coming. Respect you.


Right. We gotta, we gotta stand down right now. Yeah I'm cool. You got good will bro. I'm cool. Sit down for about five years and come back and visit. Yeah I'm cool. Yeah he definitely got cool off for sure. Yeah we always joke about the port on here. But y'all see Tennessee quarterback? Yeah. He set out, yeah Friday they had the, You know what I'm saying? The quote unquote Spring get together practice stuff like that. Hold on. I ain't, I ain't with that citizen like y'all get. Right. Yeah I need two more million before I start practice. Y'all letting these kids cut the fuck up. What's happening? How you holding out nigga? Like that's what old boy did Manny.


He was, who was he about to go to? His daddy? Yeah. Oh Yeah. I gotta get this bread right. And I ain't going to this weak ass team. Nah, Archie had to play. He said ho Ho, ho Diego we not doing that broke shit. I saying that is crazy. So for this kid to still be in Tennessee and they okay with that, they should have kicked him in the rear of his ass bro. Get the fuck off of my field. Matter of fact you're done. Did you see The pool? Like fuck that chick wino. I'm so Hungry. Right. Like I, I actually hate eating in front of you. Y'all know bro, You murder like I, I know we talking about Tennessee but god damn the wishbone offense. Why you just fucking That chicken wing up?


Niggas Is hungry. That shit was crazy. What kind of wings are they man from the tap. Oh okay. Why you holding like that? The Tap You Hey you I guess shit today bro. You high value with the tap bro. How you Supposed to hold a chicken wing bro? Hold a grip Man. That's, I was a chicken wing. Y'all I never call my shit a chicken wing bro. You can't hold. That's how bitches eat. Pick off. You might as well pick off of you want Me to get all my fingers dirty. Oh he's cute. That's crazy. He's sassy With Yeah, that's crazy. It's gonna be some smoke the rest of your routine too after, after breakdown. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


The rest of the the Ones crazy though. And the with the wow That was, I was just the finisher. Y'all, y'all fucking up my image. Fucking up your NIL. No but fact. But to be for real about the NIL like I think it's smart by him. You know I'm the best quarterback. I'm QB one. I was, I had a great year last year. Yes. Run me my money and he kind of got 'em at a standstill like you damn near gotta get the money for him because y'all need him. Yeah, they reported this morning, You know what I'm saying? They agreed to part ways because he held, he held him by a fire bro.


Spring training that port of big closed for football. So it's kind of tough to go get a in the SEC too. Yeah. And he's getting a lot of recruitment for different places. I've seen Colorado being one of 'em. Ohio State man. These coaches be doing whatever they want to. So I ain't even be mad at the kids. These coaches be whiling out bro. But he might have played himself there. I didn't know they decided to part away. He played himself telling because You know, You know it's a QB one somewhere else. Mm. And you good. And I know you ain't trying to go to no Marshall, no offense to Marshall or no. You know what I mean? Everybody already got their quarterbacks I feel like. Yeah they got they guys. He said they ain't got me up there. What's happening? I mean Ohio State don't Colorado they show but I mean they Oh they rocking with their youngster?


Yeah, that's they rocking with their youngster. Yeah, They was in communication. So you said you never know but that, that port Fired. I'm nothing, I'm nothing on taking him nothing bro. Yeah. Hold me holding a gun to my head like that. No Bro, I'm not, none. None of these big schools bro. Said Marshall where Randy and them win. Cool. Go to Marshall. But nah bro, ain't no Clemson, no Alabama or no Clemson might be able to use him. I ain't gonna, yeah he's cold. He, I'm saying, I'm not saying he's sad but somebody gotta teach somebody gotta make an example out Wake Forest. Definitely you need that NIL wake. That's crazy Bro. Ready to, we got, we ain't got the four, y'all got the two but we we got the two one.


Oh that's So can put the extra hundred on there. He might have to settle Bro. Oh he is definitely gonna settle. You gotta settle bro. This is not no NFL shit bro. No bro go get my bread. But that's what I feel like kids forget the biggest goal. It's like you wanna make it to the league. Yes. Not playing it is not gonna get you to the league. And Look how you acting now the NFL is already damn near shy bro. When it come to paying niggas bro, they already don't want to pay the elite what they paying them. So for you to be cutting up like this and, and God college nigga, you better be a fool in the NFL for us to even consider paying you some type of money like that bro. Now let's play devil's advocate. The situation, what if he was promised of bread and he ain't get it and now he like oh if I don't get my bread by this it's over.


Yeah. If you was promised to make that known What video Florida State. How they did Coach Hamilton? Yeah he ain't pay exposed like Nah for sure with This Fardo. He was just Like, You know what, fuck all this in y'all. I'm out. I'm out bro. I ain't paying none of y'all. I'm nah get it back in blood. I'm With that. And now if that's the case, the ball in your court bro. But if you can come in there cause a hell no way bro. Somebody gotta draw the line bro. Man that's far that the players like you could have it hold out in college. Imagine if y'all did that. A we number one the nation, we all need this bread. Nah, that's what our, my coach came to see our high school team play. He coach at Georgetown. He was just like two of 'em.


Coach court being and coach Battle. They was just like, man, if we had to pay y'all back then he said we'd be having to send money every practice. He said, y'all already didn't like the practice. So imagine if you ain't feel like practicing that day, I know you, you've been like, coach I need 10,000 to practice. I was like, I wouldn't have did y'all like that? He was like, you shouldn't me. I would've did y'all like that? That's just crazy though bro. I, I would've been asking for something new every month, every year, every game we got better at like after we beat Duke, I swear I'd been like, y'all, I need 20,000. I mean if they got it, spend it, but I just think it's fucking you up in the long run. It would've.


But I'm just saying like you, we would've been so unlike I coming from the west side of NI my mind was a money. Oh yeah bro. I would've Been Filthy. Ms. Crow would've been cool with the cheese. But I'm saying I still think you would've had a grounded foundation though, bro. Yeah, But 'cause I, I ain't come from nothing so you could've probably told me I'm gonna give you 200,000 for the year And I would've been like sweet. Oh that's fire actually still for the nigga that's getting there. That's what I'm saying. That's just, that's some light cheese now. I know but I'm saying I would've been like sweet. That's why they would've had me in a trick bag. Yeah because they would've got me like, Jeff we're gonna give you five 50. I've been like Mama five, 500,000.


So it probably would been like yes sir. Well you would've what y'all found out that James was making 2.5 then that's when I would've turned the fucking fool after game. Hey we gonna have to get that to two, 2.5 quick. Y'all See Now you hating. Yeah I You better get out my purse Bro. Now I don't know if I wanna practice today since all I like so much since I'm a tip employee is how you'll treat me. You got those kids even if they doing that promise you setting yourself up for failure on the next level. You might not Probably ain't gonna make the next level though. Yeah, NBA ain't going for that bro. NFL for damn sure. Most likely you probably ain't gonna make it though to the next level. But I think that's probably the point you making too is like some of the kids ain't gonna make it.


So I need all that now. Oh Well if you wanna do, I'm talking about the kids who really have a legit chance of making it to the NFL. The NBA don't fuck yourself So Worried they ain't, they ain't worried about that though. Like AJ Deban ain't worried about this BYU money. Yeah I'm sure he not bro, but I'm saying he ain't holding out either. He ain't doing all this extra shit either. Nah Like he ain't worried about that. The people that might not make it to the NFL or the ones worrying about that, like this kid from Tennessee talented, he probably will make the He could but he probably not. You know what I'm saying? But he could but he probably not. 'cause when your mind is focused on money and ain't nothing wrong with trying to earn money but when your mind is focused on making a dollar amount, your skill kind of take a diminished a little bit 'cause you start focusing on the wrong thing.


Yeah. Like it's cool to know your worth like yeah I'm worth this but keep the main thing, the main thing. That's one thing I used to respect about Brian. He used to always say that like even though I'm making all this bread, oh the main thing is the main thing. I wanna be great at the sport. Keep the main thing the main thing. I already, they ain't work out the bread right Now. You trying to get 4 million. They ain't got it. Whatever they playing you feel like you getting played 2 million. Yeah well shit go out and kill Because I only support the walk-ons. Who grown up in NIL but Oh see you support the manager transfer. See that's yes I support that because You know we not supposed to be here anyway So we got, We got blessed with a bag. You feel me? They paying for their college, you feel me? 'cause I feel like they still know like I'm working after this.


Yeah I was never the number five player in the country And Just keep the main thing, the main thing man. That's real. Get to the league man. Speaking of bro, you see I Isaiah Thomas Hayton. I said oh hell, I Isaiah Thomas. Yeah og. What'd he say? Man bro was the shooter around early in the game? It was early today. They thought it was like main shooter on time but he had his shirt off with the Durag on at the time was like man this is just unprofessional. Like what are we doing? And then everybody else was just like, Isaiah we fuck with you but you were the wrong person to be talking about. What's professional in a professional setting now brother? Yeah, on my soul nigga. You set the play for Nigga Hurt. Yeah and and New York Knicks, Isaiah Thomas. Yeah I was gonna say Chill out fam. Yeah you gotta get off Brian now y'all just picking what Nasty.


But then LeBron said, You know what he had tweet said I was gonna say something but nevermind. Yeah shout to us. 50 wins. I'm like hey that person LeBron alone bro. He about to start emptying the clip because he clearly don't give a fuck. Nah, not no more. Yeah, I'm on my way out. I can say anything I wanna say now. I done set the records, I done did all that shit. Now whole Heads gotta chill because that's literally you just bothering me at this point bro. Yeah I'm warming up. I do this in Air City bro. Pretty much ain't trying to do this for the whole or nothing bro. I'm, I'm on YouTube, I'm on TikTok Instagram working out with my shirt off in the do on bro all the time. Hey you're legit hating on me bro. We have been been okay with LeBron with a Durag. Yeah. Even though it's probably for no reason to this point.


We just let my boy rock out anyway so it's cool. But let that go bro. Yeah, unprofessional. It's crazy. Yeah bro, you, you can't say that Z And we we, we speak Holly View, You know you a legend bro. But go let it rhyme bro. Yeah Niggas getting too old bro. Damn bro. Can't do nothing. You saying what's the boy name that Collins he sent on that dummy mission against Denver Nuggets. What's name Marty Collins? Yeah, he sent thing on a dummy mission man that wasn't professional.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to Friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to Friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool


On April 18th. Centers are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha picture event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17 not admitted without parent


Dash pass. As a members only deal for the 24 25 NBA season. They swoosh you save when any player scores 50 or more points in the game during the 24 25 NBA regular season dash pass members save 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Shay has 50 point games so the A VP front murder might get you another soon. Use the promo code NBA 50 today after the 50 point game during the 24 25 NB. A regular season from noon to midnight. Get half off of an order when a player goes through full throttle and scores 50 points or more in a single game up to $10. Yes it's any player in any game but it's only for dash pass members now remember, sign up for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus exclusive perks like this one valid with use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game of eligible orders at participating. Merchants must have an active dash pass account terms apply. Don't forget this promo code NBA 50 valid for dash pass members only from noon to midnight the day after any player scores 50 points or more in a single game Dash pass member say 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off sign up for dash pass.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past Discover's accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide and every time you make a purchase with your card you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.


He was an original crash out. Yeah Bro you, y'all were clothesline of people playing basketball bro. Nothing about that s squad professional bro. That's One of the worst championship teams ever bro. I swear I don't fuck with them Bro. He did the internship But he was so cold. He did the internship with the CEL six. That's was episode the west of finals bro. Yeah, come on. That's crazy. Oh bro, you don't like the bad boy Pisses no bro. That four and five would not make it today in the four. That's one four and five power four in the center that I know for sure wouldn't be able to play in today's Sleep on Bill and Beard. And and who else? Who was that for? Okay, Rob was at for for a minute. But you probably not talking Him. I'm talking about your boy who, Rick Mahorn? Yes bro. Them two in the court at the same time.


It's Christmas bro. Ah yeah it's Christmas. They can't play at the same time now. Like that's impossible. You cannot play them two at the same time. Nigga. It was One time they had Rick Mahorn, Dennis Rodman and Bill and Beer on the court. That's some nasty bro. That was a no way. That's why I think the ho Thomas one of the best guards to ever played basketball. 'cause he got to back to back in a time where people wasn't doing that. And he went against everybody with that roster. Yeah bro. He had some certified, a little legit body guards bro. White one in the black one bro. Yeah bro. And Robin in the cut. Yeah. And John Sally. Yeah. Come on now. John was on that team. Joe was nice though. Joe Dumars. Joe Dumars was nice. Isaiah was nice bro because you look at that era bro.


He had to get out. He, I mean honestly they was beating the sleeves off the bulls. I ain't gonna say get past him because they was handling them but Larry Cel 16 was crazy. And then you had to go deal a magic team in the finals bro. And you got two back to back. That's tough. Yeah he, he won some tough championships. I ain't gonna hold him. His Is up there with Dirk. Yeah but you can't, nobody, you can't talk about bro. No, but I do respect him 'cause he always said bro was better than Mike but we knew that came from hate but yeah It Sean. Yeah. Yeah It came from hate. But I was gonna talk about that. It's, it's a lot of, You know what I'm saying, Dwight Howard and Shaq, You know what I said in I feud, which I thought was dope. Okay. Dwight said he wanted him to walk him out his hall of Fame. I thought that was far.


I'm surprised by that. I am too. But then I thought about it this year earlier and Dwight was just like, Hey Shaq, you wanna throw these hands? And Shaq like, I'm an old man, why you say this to me now? I'm like okay at that point this has to be resolved. Asked Shaq the bunk. Yeah he Say he boxes. I like that Shaq said you talking now. He is like oh Now you talk a long time. Yeah. What's up with it Bro? That's crazy Bro. I don't care how old you are. Yeah, don't say don't say you old now. Ain't The life funniest. Hell that sha above is crazy Bro. You've been disrespecting me for so long. You been Picking up that nigga that long. Let's Up. Sometimes Tommy means is everything bro. Nah, that's good thing Floyd Mayweather wait a long time to fight his opponent for a reason. But they have an advantage.


Hold on. Don't do that to Floyd though. Floyd Is the greatest bro, but Floyd definitely is Man. Lloyd, that was a little shady bro. No, Floyd definitely took, that Was shady as fuck. Floyd did not fight some people in their quote unquote prom. He ain't fight. Papac was on steroids respect and then the moment he got off steroids everybody started whipping back. Key ass. They had to. It was time bro. Yeah we coming to America and cheating bro. Shout to his hoop league. That's why he's Pledging. No man, we can't put no Floyd on. I mean no s smart on Floyd jacket man. Nah Man. Sometime man time Terry theme man. But listen, we talking about them in beef. I want there to be an interview with Isaiah and mj.


I know it'll never happen. Never. But I would love for that to happen bro. They have to sit down and talk bro. They would never, it is over with. They going, they gonna take it to the grave. Yeah that beef I think, I don't like, I always say You know safety first. But I'm okay with them two crashing out forever. Yeah because it, it is way too much disrespect on that and off the court for them bro. Bro. After the last two We too old to be friends. I agree. I just want them to, I just want them to hate each other they face because that's gonna be prime primetime tv. Like we both 60 bro. I don't, it's over bro. It's over. I've hated you for 30 years. No, keep hating us. Just keep the hate going. How y'all, how y'all think, how you feel? If you Drake though And you seen the goat dancing to, they not like us.


That's how no relationships ain't real. That's all. You feel me? Like You know DeMar a guy right. DeMar the only one to me that get a pass because he grew up with Kendrick and he ain't asked to play in Toronto. He ended up building a relationship with Drake so, You know what I'm saying? It's kind of different but everybody else bro. It's kind of, Yeah I dunno if I'm Drake it, it's kind of fuck y'all Why? But I can't like, I can't like Kendrick too though. You can but if you supposed to be my nigga, you can't be out here dancing bro. Why? How y'all know Kendrick on my nigga though. That's cool bro. I ain't see him over here. We was kicking it bro. I mean you a little more friendlier than Kendrick.


Like you like to dude the pulling up on niggas and doing all that shit. Only one that kept it solid though. I ain't gonna lie is kd. Oh KD was was Team Drake his whole, yeah. Yeah was that's kept solid. That's his man that's, Yeah I do. I don't know bro. To me it is just music. But I'm saying if you already in that like if somebody made a song like about you talking about you touched little girls and shit, bro I can't rock with them bro. Nah, I feel that bro. We just, so That's what I'm saying. I don't know the level of people friendships. Yeah, I about to say I feel like none of them was really like real Right friends. Yeah. But I think they was just like cool with Drake. Yeah but you see them that are supposed to be like PTO together. They all linked up at the games and stuff. But as You know, a lot of this stuff be superficial.


Yeah it, it all looks good. It's all entertainment. I mean it it is music though at the end of the day. But I'm not mad at D Drake for feeling the way about LeBron in that situation. I, I understand. Regardless of how we may see that relationship, I feel like they had probably a real relationship or at least Drake seemed to appear that way. I don't know bro. After that shop interview, what I told you about that whole shit, you could never let me down. I honestly, You know some shit like that to all, we wouldn't really wasn't cool And I don't, I don't know bro at all but I just think he just really just fuck with his niggas mainly like Mav and them bro. Oh. I mean Yeah, everybody else is kind of interchangeable. If, if they got a be He traded ad Yeah, Yeah.


Nah, I'm, I'm playing I'm, I mean but if he did I'm just playing. You ain't Mav you ain't the Guy I used to think him and Mo Williams was hella cool and he, he left him so That's just LeBron bro. Imagine if he would've said he because of Mo Williams and shout to Mo Williams. Yeah, No definitely shout out to Mo. I just think LeBron just like bro he was entertainment bro. Yeah I can like what I was I might, I might bleep out him talking about you. Whatever he say about the little girls, I might not say that part but the song is hard so respect and it's a battle shit. And that niggas be saying the gloves is off once we reach a certain point I can sing whatever so, and Drake's been in multiple glove off moments so that's why I was a little shaky on why he sued but I get it.


But You know you in this sport stick to the game. Oh good. Most definitely IB him man. I think it's time. Turn it up a little bit man. Oh yeah Bar B what we got today? Ain't you late but it's okay. What's happening? What we got today Church. Wow. Chill out That herb, that jerk. I got some tequila. Old Fashioned tequila. Old fashioned. Okay what's in of tequila? Old fashioned. What kind of Fruit is this? Two ounces. It's a dehydrated orange. Damn. Got two ounces of the green Corino and orange bitters and a Okay.


I ain't never had te old fashioned before. Lemme get you Kicked me out last time so I'm thinking maybe my spot soon. Nah you good? Lock in Now. This Is merch five com Shout you. This Is right here, You know get you some five 20 merch. If I smoke cigars. Yeah I'll fuck with this right here. This is pretty good. This is tequila old fashion. Hey it's real solid now in the comments Barbie they told us to ask you, You know what I'm saying? To how you feel about a nigga based upon what he orders at the bar. So we'll go through a couple drinks and see how you feel about them. If he goes to a bar and he's alone and he gets a lemon drop. How you feel about this individual?


I told you I don't judge about what they drink. He might just want something sweet. Okay Now you drink a Lemonade, it's the same difference. Hmm. Cat boy Niggas like lemonade. Yeah They do but their country time doesn't come with sugar on the re Now he's sitting there licking the RI and going all Crazy. That's that's crazy that that's Crazy. So what you in the Room when you I had one lemon drop my life. Oh It was just that one. Oh said that's your drink? No I never said That. Ain't that I only had one lemon drop order around for the guy. But these are good. I won't try to try with You did That was the first time You did whatever. Don't try to put with your first arm.


That's wild. But I think you would judge a nigga if a nigga was at the bar taking like Shots. I would judge a yeah of some shit like that because Now you don't get at least some Hennessy like why are you, or why did the bar happy first and Foremost. I'm just saying you just, you don't never know though. Culture, you just, you gotta pick a side. So a nigga, a nigga that twerk. What, what? What? That shit was hilarious. He with the W the my boy went crazy.


That shit, how many shots in when You that bottle was done Was done. Man damn boy y'all childish as fuck. I'm trying to have a real conversation. Y'all keep bringing up that dumb ass video man. They got enough views. Y'all welcome. It's what? Its hurt. Boot hurt. See Y'all don't even wanna talk about this drink no more. Speak To it on the way You running spring. Let's go. That was so fucking, I've got multiple requests for you to drop that On my playlist About me and my friends.


We gonna, Me and me and so digital man we let's Do it TikTok, we gotta start TikTok. You guys started Barbie the TikTok challenge from the ing jerk As the dance With the Who can do Child aint talking. Hey You know what's crazy? The people who tagged us to Twitter to all the pictures of ed day balls of random places. So Oh my mama, it's a nigga living right now. Got this bitch nigga they on the balcony. He got that bitch on ice. I seen that. Holy EJ on the rocks.


These these a filthy Guy. And You know what, shout out to those ladies who own that brand. I don't know. Somebody from y'all team hit me. Listen that video was oh I know y'all trying to rebrand the ENJ but You know it's the ing jerk as we know that was a bum drink back in the day. So Man Wish I well for the future but It's quiet. Yeah. Oh what they said something about why you got that bottle? Yeah, they like like we can get you a new bottle. I'm like nah this is, And I seen it on their page bro. It's too beautiful black women on there. They trying to make it positive but yeah that's not the vibes over here. Extra smooth since 75. What'd the bottle go for now?


24 what? Four Them terrace. Boy That gotta be it. That shit seven high eight. Yeah The fifth might have been 15 split. I got my Four. Yeah that's the normal look About AJ is y Y'all committing a felony together. I was just thinking like damn, why didn't not do something lit tequila or something That would've been crazy. The funniest part about it. Shout to Brandy. E and j is like the the bot, I mean the little canister of me like they never end and they never come fully full mouth when you get them they're already preuss And you never gonna finish it themselves. What's the worst drink you ever had as a youngster?


Barbie? Oh I used to drink cca. Uv What's called which flavor You was UV two for five Every flavor. You and my Cousins are drinking that but the worst thing ever Two for five Scarred me from Bombay. Like I can't see the bottle to this day. I still get sick. That's I so fucked up Off of that. That's Whatley for air? Yeah that Bombay was shit premium But that's just straight alcohol. And you was drinking the two for five uvs. You definitely had the pink lemonade for sure. And Raspberry used to slap. I can't relate to you. I came in the game with Berry definitely used to. Yeah and the apple, I say they Had green apple. The apple used to slap too. Please fuck up. Yeah he came in the game little You came in the game a little bit late.


What was the worst alcohol you had when you started drinking? T? What's that shit called? Heve been drinking The velvety. Yeah. Yeah. And he was a Ciroc boy when he got to the league. Yo chill. You can't say that no more. Nah you was Bro. I was a Ciroc boy then you was a boy. I had, I had every flavor Ciroc And they kept a orange, a red do that bitch. My Gallons Of that shit was real Ciroc bro. Yeah I know what we used to do. I think I said it before on the show. Nah, nah nah, nah. We not just saying that raw because whatever, for whatever reason your bullshit gets spun around on me and people ask me was I doing that. No Swap out. That's Crazy. That's point of you being there.


The regular selling Rock. Do you think like restaurants and bars do that? Yes bro. I think bars, I don't think restaurants do it. Some bars definitely do. I've had it, I'm like I know my liquor, this is not what this Is. Yeah I swear. Yeah Y'all are out here swapping tequilas. What are y'all putting in that in them? Don Julio Reposado bottles. Jose Quavo. I Was gonna say Jose Quavo 1800 And y'all ain't Even because I was in Houston. I told him, I said please bring this out Seal. I don't give a fuck about y'all bouncy y'all ass. I need to pop the top because it's too wicked. It's too many people in here with bottles. Yeah, yeah I know I got some Jose Quavo. No sir. You came to my house And you drank Great Goose. It was not great Goose. It was Veka.


And what's crazy is somebody was probably taking pictures of that bottle whole time. Go ahead. Turn. I Don't know why people, when they get over his south store, his party people don't have no, no This was, hold on, let me mind you. This was in like 2000 fuck 10. He came over my house further. Other than them real bottles. Nah nigga wanna put a date On there. Well you came to, nah I'll say 2010. Yeah that was, I'm Just saying two 15 and up them was real. Yeah he still have real bottles and stuff now but we just went to a liquor store for his last party. I said Now you were buying all this bullshit liquor. He like nigga watch all these people drink this shit. Oh it was fucking the bar up at the Halloween party.


Malcolm ruined Yeah pairing that motherfucking liquor up. All you gotta do is He had every bottom shelf liquor in that motherfucker. No idea, no name. Well I mean E and Jay's already out Really didn't ruin Party. Okay. But they was, I, we was in liquor. I was really amazed looking at him buying this shit. He got that. I said that mother fucking low as hell. I was like I'm gonna quit buying this premium. Yeah the premium grand carino.


I ain't gonna brought a premium. Yeah, appreciate it. They would. No and they used to waste it. That's the crazy part. Yeah because you would find all the cups around your house and all that. I remember one time when we used to have a party at the crib at five 20 I woke up, I had a counter And I had 36 cups full of liquor like just throughout the house. I'm like damn, nah I ain't never do that. It was over with. I don't know who was kissing and doing that bottle like mixing derm. That was too filthy. I was like nah not enough. That's when I started, that's when I went to my, You know what, let me get that liquor that's 14 point 99 tequila. You sure did, boy.


And y'all drunk the shit out of it. Didn't care. They like what's that? I'm like that new shit. Yeah I, You know I kept saying all that shit. That shit hard. Yeah they be like Melrose. Yeah that's that new Melrose. I just make that name. Look And I was about to, Mike said don't say no name but I was about to say a name of some liquor that I sold. So So unless you're willing to never ever, ever a few of these girls, y'all was ineligible for this drink. Which y'all was God damnit driving the boat at this nigga party. So Driving the boat with EJ is crazy. Nah it wasn't that though. But Know it was equivalent to EJ driving the minivan. Nah for sure, For sure. They was going crazy. Look, hey this one of your best ones Barbie. Shout to you.


You know it is a rare cage. You bring some heat? No this is legit Good. Yeah that's cool. Matter of fact, I said I have a Fruit fruity dog Crazy. So yeah don't fruit me no more. Just run me, keep me with this one. I'm gonna keep me with this one. I this Is, this is a 40 and up drink. Yeah I feel like my age with that drink. Yeah. Wow. When I be drinking some of your drinks I feel Yes. I feel like a thought with my wife. Yeah I feel like my wife need to be here like awesome man. Yeah it Getting up. I said Barbie be making tremors drinks and this bitch Fruity tooty fresh and fruity. For Real though.


Your shit be and then it hit you like when we leaving this motherfucker. Yeah Nigga in the parking lot get woozy. I be like as soon as I get home the headache just, no I'm just, you all Blaine though. She told me to make y'all fruity ass. She said y some Ghet niggas. No I like this. Look at my ice cube. I feel like a real nigga right now. Yeah. Who must got a different budget? My shit be crushed like the hospital usually. Oh shit all man. I know we talk about this a lot but I have to say we gonna do the five 20 awards for the morning show by everybody NBA's performances this year.


But Ja Morant has been a sleeper these last three weeks. Yeah. The things that he has done on and off the court he has to be considered bro. His explanation for the grenade toss is fucking hilarious bro. It's one of the best best I've seen though. What did he say? He said nah bro, I'm just throwing my words for the haters bro. And they can't get back to me a couple years. I'm blocking, I'm blocking out the haters. Yeah that's fire. Yeah Fire explanation. I swear. Quin Quinn Miller is this on the Jack For sure that was a ghost rider. Yeah because that boy didn't think of that. Somebody that was Ghost, Somebody said Dollars, you better explain the shit. Smooth bro.


And he came out with that heat. I'll fuck with it. Child Jabre If that's what he said. That's elite. That was a, that was a bar. Oh for sure. For sure. They got leave alone man. Now it's just time to lock in the hoop though. Get your team as far as you can man and enter the, You know what I mean, basically about to enter the portal. Nah, I think he gonna be straight. He said he, he about to end the portal. I think he gonna be straight based upon what's going on NBA right now. I can't say he won't. I I obviously I think he's gonna stay there but man all best is off bro. The way that they acting towards everybody coaching players. Everybody's Denver expendable at this point. Yeah I just can't see who they would trade 'em for so I think something major would have to happen for them to push their hand.


Yeah I just can't see who they would trade. Players still got more power than the coaches, Than the coaches. Yeah. Yeah for sure. Coaches ain't got no power. Cool. See Mike Malone got mad fired 'cause they said people ain't like him no more. Mm Yeah the more forces coming out about that is basically saying like the, the players just kind of like all right like he cool type shit. Like they wasn't really like oh we gotta have that. Like he cool damn there they got him up out the paint bro. Yeah. Damn man that's a tough job bro. He got a extension so he ain't tripping. Yeah he got a dumb bag on the way out. Oh so when they fire you they still gotta pay you for your whole Contract? All of the above everything guaranteed. Oh man Mickey sit down brother.


I didn't know it was like that. That's why Frank Vogel ain't tripping. You ain't heard nothing from Frank Vogel? He chilling. Nah. Oh okay. Yeah I didn't, that's news to me. I didn't know that's why Coach ain't tripping fired me. I'm gonna go, I told you you gonna put some more accessories on that boat just ride out. Damn. No that's fire Now you see when Monty Williams was just like, oh y'all gonna fire me after this crazy deal and year one up in Detroit. He was like wow cool. I go Coach High School, that boy won Coach high school. Damn that's apart. Yeah you straight. I did not know that at all. Yeah you shit, you gotta love the game to want to come back at something like that. Yeah. Sitting down like the fact that Mark Jackson is still one of the coach is crazy. I dunno if Coach, I mean because he ain't got that bag though.


I mean I'm just saying like after a while sitting down it's like damn what you just say? Yeah because I feel like he getting paper elsewhere though. Commentating the shit. For sure. Yeah that was the thing that was sucked the longest. Even though they had like the best broadcast me, I still think that him and Jeff a Gundy had the best broadcast. I love their broadcast. For sure. For sure. And Mike Breen, that shit was a one but it was like contemplating going back why they about to lead that good ass job for Yeah. Yeah, I mean And Jeff Van Gundy went back to coaching too though. I'm


surprised. This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to Friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to Friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool


On April 18th. Sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha pitcher event of the year. Twin brothers Smoke and Stacked both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending thrill ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th rated R under 17 not admitted without parent.


Dash Pass has a members only deal for the 24 25 NBA season day swoosh you save when any player scores 50 or more points in the game during the 24 25 NBA regular season dash pass members save 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Shay has 50 point games. So the A VP front murder might get you another soon. Use your promo code NBA 50 today after the 50 point game during the 24 25 NB. A regular season from noon to midnight get half off of an order when a player goes through full throttle and scores 50 points or more in a single game up to $10. Yes it's any player in any game but it's only for dash pass members now a member sign up for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus exclusive perks like this one valid with the use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game of eligible orders at participating. Merchants must have an active dash pass account terms apply. Don't forget this promo code NBA 50 valid for dash pass members only from noon to midnight the day after any player scores 50 points or more in a single gang dash pass member say 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off sign up for dash pass.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past Discovers accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide and every time you make a purchase with your card you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


But the But You know he got fired. Yeah, I was gonna say he got fired which is crazy 'cause he is one of the best commentators ever. But shit to have that as a luxury is still crazy. Yeah. But I wanna go through some of these playoff teams man. And I wanna just see if y'all could give me a player or somebody on this team who would be really important for this team to go far on the playoffs. Obviously let's start off with a thunder outside the SGA. Who's that person on the team do you think really gotta hoop out for this to go for? You want Che? Yeah For me it gotta be J Dub. Okay. He gotta have, he gotta have a playoff series to remember he is an Allstar and he gotta have Allstar numbers this whole run. Mm. I like that. I'm running with that for sure. I like you said Chet, I think he's gonna be, they X-Factor in that situation but I think J Dub gotta be that consistent 20, 20 plus a night for them.


He got to to really put some fear in people's hearts. Yeah. Houston Jalen Green gotta show why he a star. Okay this is basically like announcement day. Like I'm here type shit. This is my team, this is my franchise, I'm here to stay built around me. Mm mm I I'm gonna go with gon or Shagan whatever his name is the fucking center. He was a all-star. He is been playing well but he gotta go against, if he gets stuck against Yoic or whoever they end up playing, he gotta have a moment. He gotta solidify himself as an all-star. Like it gotta have a moment. I'm not against Jalen Green.


I think he gonna have a breakout playoffs but he gotta be consistent. 20 and 10. Most definitely Los Angeles Lakers. Shit Luca. Yeah I agree. Luca Show him that it is, it can work with you and old head back there running shit. I take that back bro. Bro. For me because you, you can kind of expect what Luca's gonna do. We don't know what LeBron gonna do because we see bro sometimes Brian's at 16, 24, 18. You know what I mean? And Brian hasn't really played significant basketball really in a while.


Okay. So what kind on the stat line do you think he need to have for them to be successful For them to win? Because Austin Reed is he, he consistently gets 20 points Facts. Hmm. Luca for the most part been pretty consistent bro been great. He been good but he hasn't had bro type numbers that we look at. I mean he is 40 years old but for them to make it to the chip, LeBron gonna have to be 24, 6 and six. Like it might not be Superman bro but he gonna have to be damn sure Cavalier's third year bro. Like second year bro. You know what I mean? Like 25 and five that next year. I think he probably was at like 25 or something.


He gotta be second year LeBron. Yeah. I also think they bitch too gotta prove themselves. They gotta make shots. Yeah, that's interesting you said that I was gonna go Officer Reed's but to your point it is LeBron's situation because we know that Officer Re's gonna adapt to whatever that situation he gonna do what he gonna do. But if LeBron does have two games of series where he just dominates it's gonna get ugly. Yeah they because they run off bro. Like yeah believe it or not And I know Luca got the ball most but when LeBron is special, that team unbeatable. Damn there. I would love for the Rs to be that team that Luke could just take them three quarter away and then fourth quarter. Brian just take over.


LeBron going into the fourth quarter with 12 points in the game of 22 type shit. Yeah dominate take Him off. If he could save his body like that I'm, I know he'll want to do it. That'd be crazy But I seen you pull this gro again. Yeah, aggravated. So might be a, might get a little weird in this playoffs. Ooh. Hey man we don't seen, like you said we don't seen LeBron snap his, I ain't gonna tie his shoe up. I'm sure that whatever's necessary he gonna take a sense bin. LeBron will be ready. He's 40 now though, year 22. That's what getting him saying. Yeah like that Drugs get better every year though. But I'm just saying like if you pull your groin that's tough one time then you reaggravated it, it never healing. You need Mine still fucked up. Yeah you need five, six months for that thing.


That hill all the way the growing, it's like the hamstring. That's why Halliburton always struggle because of that hamstring. Yeah. You can't gauge them that well. When you start feeling good one little quick twitch and it's back to day one like Working out with y'all niggas. I felt like I pulled mine. I might be injured for a while because that motherfucker hurt every day. Well guess what? No, call off. See you Monday. See you Monday buddy. I had to sit out for them Hemi workouts. It made me comfortable 'cause he was like, I've never been flexible in my Mies either. I said okay cool. You Paused bro. Like what you on bro? Why he doing, why he doing his, why he with you in Rico?


Why he doing his voice like that. Y'all did we record the whole thing? The whole thing was, Yeah. I said I never could like pause touching my toes 'cause my hand I got, I can't, I ain't strip flexible like that. He said It after that. Yeah But nigga why you get all like, why you do a voice like that? Like I ain't never been there do my hands. He switching like what the fuck nigga, nigga had me talking like RuPaul and shit. The fuck he, He's just like my Hammys never been flexible before. Nigga I don't call him Nigga I say him strings nigga. Why he give you the cat song? Yeah. Why and why you say Hammies like nigga I don't say hammies nigga. I say your hamstrings Be Lord you Crazy.


Shout to the hammies of the west. Fry the nuggets. Jamal Murray for me. Okay. Yeah He got approved. We need Bubba, Jamal Murray Luca. I mean Luca Yoic been holding it on his back man. Pause all year while y'all was injured taking days off. He played them Mary game. I feel like we literally talked the whole season on the morning show about Yoic every day. Yeah. Yeah. Literally he literally had no break for our show And I feel like Jamal Murray owe him to come through. Alright, nice. I'm gonna go with Eric Gordon. I think Jamar Murray is gonna show up 'cause we've seen it before.


I think if Eric Gordon gets back to playing how he did in the playoffs at Rev run, obviously we know he's capable of it. If he's playing at a hot level that make them a little bit of a a problem as a matchup for sure. I'm agree with the Murray. I think he gotta play well. Most definitely. Like one of their best scorers for sure. Yo team the Clippers Man. I think Zu gonna hold her down but shit, James Harden What? What kind of player he about to be in this first round? She gonna be pg James Harden or You know, I mean where he facilitating or Houston Rockets because the last game I believe or before this he had like 34 points or something crazy like That. 35 and 10. Yeah. Showing niggas he could still do it, You know what I mean?


Offensively heavy. So I'm just waiting to see what kind of player he gonna be. Cool. For me it's Kawhi. There we go. If it's a healthy koua, the Clippers a different team. Obviously You know Zu Big been doing this year. James Harden has the abilities and to go off and get 2010 and 10. We know he had triple double waiting to happen and he could also go for 35. But if it's a healthy Kauai, You know playoff Kauai is diner one of the best players ever. And if they can get a little bit of that Toronto Kauai Clippers might be a scary thing. Most definitely, especially at that sea. There are now believe is they have a playing game correct between them and the Warriors. Obviously we record this before this would come out on Monday but I believe it's the winner goes, You know what I'm saying, at that sixth spot and the rest goes into the playing between them and the Warriors.


And then the next thing I was gonna ask was the Warriors obviously, You know what I'm saying? We ain't doubting Steph but who's that person on the Warriors that gotta show up for them to be something serious? Jimmy Butler. Okay. He gotta shoot the ball. I mean Jimmy's driving the ball and he doing giving up layups. He acting like Ben Simmons sometimes. So like Jimmy's super aggressive and he play off Jimmy Warrior's. The top team. Yeah he had a highlight the other night where he was literally at the basket like this and threw that bitch around Denver murder half court. I'm like I know you got stepping damn. Yeah you gotta take that. I I actually like the wars but I just, I don't know about him. They too, they too up and down for me to really make Noise.


I don't think God enough bro. After Steph and Jimmy they get quiet offensively like yeah you praying for Buddy Hill, you praying for bp, you praying for Minga in the playoffs. You can't pray like you can't be hoping Dre Ma hit three threes. You can't like you gotta know nasty life. You don't think Kaa could give him some shit? He can. I'm just saying anybody can but you ain't banking it like we banking Austin races for 20 back. If he have a bad night we can go to him be like Austin had a bad night we ain't banking. No we ain't Minga. If Minga half 20 it's like Minga was hooping but if Minga got eight we like Minga was Minga like Austin Reeves got eight, we like Austin Reeves doing, You know what I mean?


Yeah Buddy Hill got 15, we like damn Buddy Hill was a X factor. Buddy Hill got six. Okay Buddy Hill. So they don't got nobody you banking on, it's just like whatever. So let's switch it up to the East Cavaliers. I think I know the answer I'm gonna ask anyway. Oh well I mean y'all got a different one for me. They gonna have to show they bench squad to show something. Okay you said the bench? Yeah If they gonna go far the bench squad to give them a little something bro. Mines is Darius Garland. This whole playoff run is based off Darius Garland. We seen what Donovan Mitchell can do in the playoffs. Darius Garland been in the playoffs the last couple years.


He's not had the greatest playoff runs but for them to be Boston he gonna have to, he got to be on his shit and he got more, he got the ability. Sure. Yeah and I expect him to do it. I think this is this year where he make that lead and show why he wanted the elite guards in the league. Most definitely. I definitely agree with you on the dearest point. I'm looking at Evan Mobley. Evan Mobley been holler all year. Evan Mobley gonna have to hoop out because like you said they gonna play against the championship contender with them Celtics. He gonna have to really, really play good and put pressure on them as well. We know D Hunk gonna score, we know Dogo score D DC's gonna show up but I think F mo gotta make that turn to be like one of the best players in the east for them to make a run for sure.


Mm. Celtics I don't even think we need to say nothing about them. They just need to be healthy. Continue to be doing what they do. Yeah it it'll be belt to ass regardless with them. The Knicks who's the catalyst? I don't know everybody bro. Y'all gotta just stay healthy shit. Okay. Ain't nobody go down. I think the only person that they can go down that they'd be cool with is probably, probably Oh they can't lose nobody. They can't but I think if they lost him they'll be cool. Hell nah they lose my kill. They gonna be Mike kill the X Factor. Yeah Mike kill Bridges has to play well for the next to Win. Like I love oh I love their team.


I like OG though. OG been hooping so I ain't worried about og but OG is that guy, he can get 20, he can get 10 Mikel. You need him to be great defensively and offensively like he's gonna get the best Defensive defensive. He gonna guard the best player so he gotta be great on both ends. He, he is the X-Factor for the team. He is good on offense and he can frustrate some of those great offensive players. They gonna play who they got in the first round. Pistons. Yeah. If he can make it tough on Kade cutting him, he gotta be great. He gotta make it tough on Kade. They should be done for a one.


Yeah they probably should. That should be the hell outta the the Pistons man. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go with Kat man. Kat had a hell of a year, especially beginning year. We spoke very, very highly on Kat and a lot of things took twice the season. But we need Kat to get back to that. Obviously the stats there but we need that dominance we seen earlier this season because if Kat's playing like that, it's, it's a problem. We know Jaylen Bruster gonna hoop, we know OG can contribute but when Kat is on that shit it ain't meet people who can fuck with him and he definitely gotta set the tone. Yeah I I feel you. I just don't see it. I guess I'll see first round but after that yeah it could, it could go a couple different ways for that team. Even some of the fans the First round order, it'll be after them.


It'll be what? Well it just depend upon how do you go in a situation They gonna have to play Boston. Yeah, yeah Boston And then who will Milwaukee play They Playing? You mean the pace? First one First One I know And play Cavaliers. We'll be playing the Cavaliers Milwaukee versus the Cavs. That's a good one. Speaking of number four, Indiana Pacers, what's up? What need to happen be here Barbie Ty That's crazy. Tyrese has to be great for sure that that's a fact. Y'all gotta let be Rock Bendick Mather. Yeah I'm not mad at it at all. They gotta let him, they legit all jokes so they gotta let him rock. It's it's rotations man. I think that's gonna be the key for us.


Rotating. We can't be in love with them. Them bum ass rotations. If somebody not contributing em get their ass off the game and Jarris Walker has to play. Jarris Walker has been playing great the last couple of weeks because he got a chance to play without being worried about getting pulled off the game and bending. Mather's our X-Factor, he's a bucket. He's probably our best scorer off the outside of Pascal with the ball in his hands. Something gotta happen for sure. Milwaukee Giannis Giannis has to be, he's always great but he has to with no Dame. Yeah right on that he has to be amazing like he's an amazing player in but now he has to be a triple double every game. He has to be the point forward and lead these guys. He gotta do it all.


And he been doing the last couple of games. Yeah they've been, it's gotta be a whole playoff series for today. He gotta trust his guys though. He gonna have to trust him a little bit more. You gotta trust him. Yeah I think that we can win that series but they are coming in hot off of seven game win streak and Giannis like you said has been doing everything for that team with no problem and he's one of the best to ever do it. That's that's a scary person to see in the playoffs For sure. And last heard all these Detroit pistons for them to upset the Knicks man who gotta come alive? I dunno bro. You see It's quiet. I'm just glad y'all made the playoffs and turned that city around man. Historic year. I'm gonna just say the, I'm not gonna call 'em the others 'cause hate when Shay to say that I'm gonna say the supporting cast.


Yeah Tobi. Tobi the rest of the game. Tim Haraway Junior, they gotta be good. They gotta make shots. They gotta play at a high level. They gonna be banking on K cut game. He gonna get a lot of attention. He gonna get the best defender so that means Tim Hardaway, Duran Dur whatever his name is, dur Lee Beasley. All these dudes gotta be good. Tobias Harris, they gotta be good and they got the ability, they've been good all year. So yeah that is one person I'm excited to see the playoffs. Like you said that playoff defense is different, especially the schemes and honing in on hey come to him get out and ball. I don't care if they win or lose. If he get out there and hoop out against a Knicks it's gonna be time for some conversations bro.


Yeah he might need a, he might need a shoe. Damn that'd be hard. Who? Because You know I love de book and de book actually his the de book one my favorite hoop shoe right now. But You know how they do, they discontinue people shit. Yeah okay next in line. Hmm. If y'all had to pick somebody be next in line for a shoe, who would y'all Pick? Ja Morran, I mean not Ja Morant. What was I thinking about? I would take I think Jalen Green. Jalen Green with Adidas. I'm not mad at that. Yeah You know what, I was having this conversation but it has nothing to do with NBAI say Lamar Jackson because I was looking at some of the OG cross trainers and like the old VIX and stuff like that And I was just like Lamar Jackson would have a fire issue.


Like if, if they could lock in and really get the essence of Lamar Jackson to shoot, people would fuck with that the long way. I think Lon Green just got a steal a strong core like a fan base. They really rock with him. The issue with the will, I think K Cunningham just next in line he got, he got the ability to score. He he gonna be around for a long time. Most definitely he gonna be consistent for a long time. This K Cunningham we gonna see for the next seven years and he brung a team that was a a basketball city back. Like Detroit is a basketball town, prideful town for sure. Prideful Town Piman Kind of personality he got though. I mean he, you don't hear from him. He just put his head down to work.


He cool just work but everybody some call you you You know people fuck with him, You know what I mean? And Devin Booker got a similar personality, You know what I mean? Yeah he is reserved. Yeah reserved similar personality but with them not going things going how they supposed to. I could see them being like because the way they doing his shoes anyway. Yeah it wasn't like a good Yeah He Buck sending this nigga another pair bro. He told me he bought an all white pair for $52 at Shoe and that's crazy. It was not shoe, it was at Snipes. A all white pair of D books is crazy so please send my guy a color way at least a orange pair of red pair of something.


Well See. And I think they All white Hooper shoes and bro Except the surf cur the two lows. But see my problem with the de book situation is and he addressed it. It's not him 'cause like even with the release of his shoe it was like in, it was like in Miami he couldn't even get 'em in Phoenix. I know, I know they have like weird restrictions with the signatures and stuff but he got a collection now with the Chevy Blazer and they got a whole car as far as fuck. But That's what I'm saying. Tap in with Tee and send him something bro so he can hoop bro in the different them is crazy. D book is no slander bro. But them them all white period. I'm sorry Mike. Yeah them is me bro. Put a color on him and, and they, he Got, he got some fire colorway. That be the problem. His PEs are so fucking fine Bro.


Yeah that's we wanna buy 'em bro. Like them are crazy. Them are fire. You see the one PJ got the Other multicolor bro. It's some P Boys. Yeah. Yeah he got some heat bro. For Who? Shoe All Rock with it. Just a all white, no all white hoop shoe was fired. Not a all white phone. Not a all white Jordan. Not a All white phone. White Barkley all dope mans. That's hard. Yeah that's yeah that's that's crazy. All white phone positive is crazy. They probably, it's probably out. I think it is. There Is a white phone positive. Yeah, It's quiet though. Yeah it's quiet. You Wasn't mentioning for that. Nah, but their shoes real comfortable though so I mean they did it.


They got the comfort Right. But All white, all white hoop shoe. That's why I tell you how Air Force is the greatest white ever bro. For basketball shoe. I ain't never really hoop in white ear like white shoes like A white mid forces elite bro. Hooping in a white mid is you don't To hoop in it. I I'm just telling y'all that's a, that's a all white shoe. I think people underrate how hard it is to find a all white shoe. That is just crazy. Honestly there's no better feeling to get a a fresh pair of air, white Air Force ones. Yes bro. It'll change your day around. Yeah you never wanted an all white pair of boots, all white pair of dress shoes. If you had some all white boots You know that some classic all white dress shoes. RP John Witherspoon, I pops Charlie Wilson Nigga Don't put that on Charlie Wilson.


He would never Charlie Wilson for Sure. He said him Tic Ax. Yeah All White was the loudest motherfucker outfit. Yeah I used to be rolling at that shit. Damn man I'm shit, he ain't gonna be in that Friday. Me too. Yeah man That's what I'm saying like how do you replace those type of them characters are too stuck in our head. I Told you I gonna have his funeral bro. Like Felicia, you can replace Felicia bro. She gonna be back too. She gonna be and Smokey gonna be in rehab together. I got the movie, I wrote it already. That is her and Smokey gonna be in rehab together. They gonna come out and Felicia gonna be pretty as hell because she wasn't she a pretty woman.


Oh Like House of Pains old girl. Yeah She gonna be pretty bro. She's the goat, the goat bean of all time bro. She went from the crack house to the courtroom bro. Defending people. Yes, she went from being on a pipe to being a lawyer. She was solid too. But Jeff think he already got Friday written up. I wrote it already. I was gonna say a lot of people agree with him with the comments. They was just like he on something telling y'all bro I done wrote it already. My boy know the script That's happened with your lawyer Because when it come out That boy Cuba pull the fast one on, You better pay the victory three. Speaking of hoop better Get your rights Boy. Speaking of Hoop, I say Brandon Jenney said he scored what, six 11 points of me in six minutes.


I he busted your ass in the second quarter. His rookie year. Y'all rookie year said as soon as you got in Coach was like hey get this nigga the fuck outta here. Yeah. I said all right it's something now. Oh Wow. I seen him post that. I was like damn that's his allstar year. That's the only fucking year he talking about because I think boy Did you play what he played? He was good for three years. He just keeps talking about them three years And you win in the matchup and more points to him and like wins. Yeah I know. Yeah somebody had sent me a matter of fact, I can't remember, I think it was 2014 or 15. It was like November 21st or 24th. I can't remember Somebody had sent it to me. I had screenshotted but I don't even feel like pulling my phone out and he was splitting time with DJ Augustine at this time.


That's when I knew he wasn't shitting no more. So I was like damn you splitting time with DJ Augustine No Shade. The dj, DJ was a good player but best fight Bear history. Yeah but like yeah shout I think I had 28, I think he had like nine. Damn. I was like they said that's when I started podcast And I said this is when Tough Crowd came available. It was a tough night. So he was like yeah I'm having a bad moment. It is tough crowd. You fucking right. You turned to a close designer this well yeah You know this is before the Achilles too. He already started thinking split time with dj. Yeah I probably should start booking for my second time, my second career Said my boy said sweat shot.


Yeah I'm gonna start thinking something else. Start visiting China and shit. And I was dying this morning when you posted the ring He said Bucks legend, real legend talk shit. But I shout out to him but after that rookie year after like maybe his third year he wasn't, nobody was checking for him no more. Man I absolutely love this shit. I shout out to Todd Austin man he was just like hey I ain't saying nothing to Jeff and Lu. They been too quiet in his old future resume. He said I'm just keep going to Brandon. He them niggas too quiet. Yeah, he said Ja ain't talking enough. He on, he on BJ ass though. Oh time he talking shit. Oh yeah he on BJ Ason.


Man I already got footage of him. They made a whole fucking real about me buzzing his ass. Lord Jesus. I'm just saying College and NBA. Nah I mean I don't even remember him in the league. I don't remember playing him in the league. I ain't You trying to throw shade. I know he was good. I know he was good but I don't remember playing him in the league. Really? But I remember college, he got busy at Denver for sure. Nah. Yeah he was, he had got the biggest, he got the biggest deal out of us after them first four years. Tyler was nice. I just don't remember like having a game, having the moments. Yeah because they team was, You know they was on the west. Me and Brandon was on the east so we played more times but yeah they had a whip boy.


Oh yeah they had a squad. Yeah they had a whippy over there for sure. Yeah they had a squad. I just like the competitive all about this 'cause everybody take ain't taking it too seriously. I like that. Everybody popping their shit. 'cause at the end of the day Yaa was the best of the best in her class and that's the fire shit about us. Yeah but all that's cute But niggas gotta get some straightening though. Yeah we got, he gotta get but Brandon outta everybody that's talking, he talking the most but like he, he didn't really win at all. Like everybody else played on like winning teams and shit like that. He was a pretty much a loser his whole career. Damn. He was. He was like on bum teams all the time like yeah He wasn't, he Made the playoffs that first shoot they was a succeed after that.


He was on bum teams like I was never on bum teams besides I got to Minnesota after that. Well Ain't the other lefty that was raw when we was kids he was playing in some little league. Brandon been, he out there really playing basketball again like hitting all these tournaments and shit. I said oh shit, he tried to wheel himself back in shape. Shit did. Man shit dead man. And Gilbert had be dying 'cause he done say B, CB. He said show me these balls. They playing against. Hey Gil. Hey Gil. Because you would do a lot of talking too Gil. Yeah, Now I'm about to call your ass out.


Yeah I'm gonna be be a G I'ma, I'm gonna blow first. I'm gonna beat Gill ass then I'm gonna be Brandon Gil. You gonna be my warmup game. I know that knee don't work so I ain't gotta do too much. For sure. Then I'm gonna beat Brandon. Matter of fact Dre, I told him Dre could beat him 'cause he was like ain't nobody over 40, I don't know how old Gil is. Whatever. And I was like, I got They around the same age. Yeah. I say Andre can beat him. I know Andre can beat Gil right now. Well that's gonna be hell of a game boy. Gil can't move for real. I dunno bro. We seen the, we seen the Dre. Dre called him out too. Dre was like, we played in the big three bro. Nah, I mean respect, You know, You know We ain't saying Dre, we, we still, I'm talking about right now we We'll rock with the home team.


Oh I'm rocking, I'm rolling. You know what I mean If need be, You know always. But I'm saying I damnit hold on, I'm rolling Dre b, I'm rolling B here for the way, You know what I'm saying? He just said he just had a matchup with ao. Yeah And I been a year older Than what's his next name and he a year older than Gil. And I'm taking, I'm taking ao. AO is in better shape than Gil. Yes, but Gil be playing so much bro. Don, He don't, Gil do not play. I think Gil is playing bro. He baiting him. He pulling a fast one Bro. Man, I seen that knee. I played Gil when he had number nine. I know but Gil can afford, I played Gil in when he was in in in Orlando. I was very comfortable. I'm rolling but I'm saying Gil got enough money to afford that drug to go in your knee.


He do got now We never questioned his money. That'll give you, that'll give you a good 40 minutes. I don't, I don't think Gil got a no more. He got that. I don't think Gil got it Dre. That's the difference. I don't want them cheating against you Dre. They'll Cheat. I don't think we p test before the game. It's the only one that really got it over there still. It is like Rasha McCants. I wouldn't tell nobody to play him. Yeah, Rashad is. Yeah because when he was in the big three Yeah he was getting active. Yeah, he yeah they shot the highest of him and they going back and forth. Yeah, Rashan was on the yard at Rikers. Yeah for sure. Yeah He was on the yard at Rikers. Sure rest of them over there. Nick Young a coach now. He don't hoop no more. He quit every time. That's my dog called Swaggy.


He Do. I just, I don't know, I think it's still hook for these type shit. He Probably still can get buckets but I don't think Yeah one on one. I Yeah so that's his. Yeah That's why I was like bull fuckers saying Je Smith. Nah and these one-on-ones that's different bro. You that skill for skill. Yeah. Nick Young was nasty. Yeah. So that's why I'm like niggas like him and shit. Who else was code in And they pro? Who winning The ones between Nick and Jr. R Smith. That's a dream match up for me. It's two of my favorite players. But who winning that? Probably Jr. I'm gonna go with JR. R mm. I don't know. Nick Young was cold. It be a hell of a game bro. It would but I think Nick is gonna settle for the j Jr gonna shoot a lot of the motherfuckers too.


I gonna say it's gonna, it ain't gonna be no drop, it's gonna be all pullback three. But I think JR give more effort on defense And I think JR R beat Nick off the dribble and punch on his ass. Even though Nick Young is a freak athlete For sure. That's very underrated by his game by the way. He was a freak athlete coming up but his game is way more chill than JR. Arch Bro. Jr going into the hole and windmill under the rim bro. That'd be a great matchup man. That'd be a hell of a matchup. That's something I'd see. I would honestly rather see that than Beasley and Lance. I just seen but I'll never forget that Chris Day game bro. When? When Nick Young was io, LeBron and them bro. That's why I was like yeah if he could do that against them bro.


He yeah Jeremiah have a tough time. Nick Young was on it though. Nah, he could score that bitch. There's A lot of one-on-one players doing the league that was really didn't look like they can get 30 a night but on that one-on-one shit it's a open gym. They'd be the best nigga out there. Somebody brought up Monta Ellis recently And I said yeah Monta S is somebody a lot of people And I want them runs with especially in his prom. Yeah Bro. I remember I seen that nigga all the way back when we was in high school bro. Score 52 in the AU game all to know that this nigga average 50 in high school. He's so fast. This nigga average 50. You wanna hear Song funny that make y'all laugh. You know how you do your NBA comp? I had my interview right And you do the draft and interview process.


They was like, who do you think you play? Like it's so funny. I was like, yeah, I'm like a Lou Williams and a Monte Ellis type of player. Ain't that some shit? Why the fuck would I compare myself to these two niggas Crash? Hell, I Was like why am I say Lou is a year older than me. Look. Yeah and Monta nigga And Monta older than me. Yeah, I'm talking about I'm Ellis Lu. This is how long the niggas was in the league. Yeah, That's crazy. But I'm thinking they that much older. They was already ve by the time you got there. I'm thinking they that much older than me. These niggas is a year older than me. Yeah, They was already vet, they was already four years in. Yeah. And I'm talking about you. I'm a Lou Williams, Monte Ellis type of player. But Kind of though In high school, I mean in college I was gonna college, I played like Oh for sure Monte.


But I'm like, when I met him he like, yeah I'm nigga I'm 38. I'm like what the fuck nigga? I'm 36. Fuck what the fuck my player, somebody in my same age as me. Some shit. Yeah. Yeah, both of them. Shit. Five I thought was four but might be JR. And oh Four. They're the same, they the same year. Yeah. That's a hell of a comparison though. But Just say that and not realize when you said Allall just played in high school together. Yeah Nigga. Like when I thought about it like after it was over like years later I'm like, damn these niggas the same age as me. Well Did they say Oh okay. T would Call. They was just like, when I said it I was thinking like, I wasn't even thinking they was like, I thought they was five, six years older than me.


You know what I mean? They like when that's I said saying the man was like saying well you, you're definitely gonna see them for a long time coming. Oh okay. And I was like, I didn't know if you scared 'em when they hit you with the hoe, we'll give you a call. Nah, nah, nah. That's solid. Nah man, that's crazy. Monte Ellis and Steph was underwriter back court obviously it had to change. He had to change but it was crazy man. Oh, Monte Ellis was a a verified bucket bro. Yeah. Then he went to go play with Brandon. He did? Yep. And they ain't win shit. Full circle moment ain't winning shit. For sure. Alright man, before we get outta here, be here, tell the people they can grab some merch at Man Shop Club five twenty.com Baby, we outta here For sure.


We appreciate y'all will be back same time next time. Club five 20. The Volume.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games, go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to Friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to Friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Hey Janice Torres here and I'm Austin Hankin. We're the host of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit QuickBooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit, QuickBooks, Listen to Mind the Business, small Business Success stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Amazon one Medical presents Painful thoughts. Do they ever actually clean the ball pit at these kids' play gyms? Or is my kid just swimming in Nevada bacteria catching whatever cootie of the day is breeding in there A coie that'll probably take down our whole family. Luckily with Amazon One Medical 24 7 virtual care, you can get checked out for whatever ball Pitis you've contracted. Amazon one Medical healthcare just got less painful.