
This is an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


The NBC nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Broca. You hope To see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom YaMmas is there for Us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yma evenings on NBC.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute Season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The volume.


Alright, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast brought to by Boost Mobile. We live in Vegas with it. Big three draft. It's only right man. We got some special guests in the building. We gonna introduce them.


Last to my far left. We got my dog Bishop be he out the pearl. How you what? Nasty. Let's having N Let's get to It bro. For sure. Long way to episode to my far right. My dog. Young Nacho, young Teg. How you what? Chilling bro. Nacho Chilling. Chilling bro. A good time. We did the order story of Freak Mike. Man, we gonna have to do the order story of Young Nacho one day man. Y'all gonna have tapping on the Patreon for that. Yeah. Show man. We got some special guests in the building, man. Like we said out here for the big three, the new Squiddy La Rod, You know what I'm saying? They holding down the set, man. Yes sir. We got the gang in the building. You know the vibes. I'm about to start a ride. Start a ride. Dwight High this night. What's happening brothers? How y'all doing man? Good man. Thanks for having us all man. For sure. Come on man.


Long away the episode man. Appreciate y'all pulling up. Now listen man, you got a lot of confidence going on now. Big three man. What's up big three man, I'm, I'm really excited about playing in the big three man. I played, I done graduated from the five on five league. I done got my, my hat, my jacket, yo, my award. So You know, I, I haven't played 3 0 3 basketball since, You know, sometime we have it in practice or whatever we might do 3 0 3. But this will be my first time hooping with the 3 0 3. So I'm looking forward to it man. Most David, like you say man, congratulations as well man. Thank you. Yeah, well deserved brother. Well deserved for sure. 3 0 3 basketball. Listen man, you still got, You know what I'm saying, you could probably get some innocent league now. You in the big three with it. Hey man, we got high expectations Dwight.


You gotta get out here and kill these niggas. You right. You supposed to get mvp. Yeah, we already, you already supposed be mvp. You already preseason mvp. Dang, I'm doing three a days. Y'all can't just let, I'm 39 man. Nah, we just went to the combine. Dwight, no excuses. Everybody. Everybody old That motherfucker. I ain't gonna lie. It's kind of hard to play though. Why ain three season you get tired, you get tired fast as hell. 3 0 3 different. Yeah you gotta, You know half court. Yeah, you get tired fast. I didn't expect it last year but they just gonna feed the posts bro. Ah, hell yeah. What's the biggest difference with 3 0 3 and 5 0 5? The biggest difference here is like, it's like playing 21 when you was growing up. So if you get the rebound, somebody's running to the three and if you tired and don't close out, everybody can shoot.


Yeah, you gonna get blown out. I remember last year we played in Portland, we got beat by like 40 Damn Jordan cr. Yeah they beat us by like 40. I think we had like six points in the first half. We were so tired. Like against Jordan Crawford? Yep. Yeah, that was that game when you had y'all flew in the same day up. It was about terrible like flights and stuff. But across the nation it was like real fucked up. You can't beat 'em. Join, I gotta come join the riot. I know I seen JC yesterday man. I told him I gotta put me on a team, get pool, what's up y gotta put me on a team, You know you, you playing right? You playing but not the whole time. Yeah, I, I play, I just gotta do some stuff at high school basketball. We got June ball. Gotta go to some of the college campuses and stuff. How was that coaching man, it's cool. I enjoy it.


Probably the funnest part of my, my life right now besides being married, that's cool too. But coaching basketball, he said that's cool too. Okay. Gotta throw that in there. Speaking of high school basketball, obviously, You know what I'm saying, your trajectory, how you guys at NBA, how would you felt about the NIL in high school? To be honest man, I don't really like the NIL thing. Hmm. I think only reason I say I don't like it is because once the money get involved in a lot of things, it kind of mess up the game. The the passion, the love.


I know on the NBA level, so much money involved in it, it take away from how you might feel 'cause You know you, you might not play 'cause the people up top making a decision, it ain't got nothing to do with you or how good you are and You know, I just feel like now they bringing that down to co high school, college, stuff like that where people getting paid and now it can devalue some of these guys from once they try to get to the, to the professional side. So yeah, I mean I like it to the point like see you ain't go to college so you don't know that feeling. You ain't got no money. Like you broke as hell trying to make it. He don't know about that fast. He don't know about that. I know you right? Yeah.


That Pell Grant. But like I, it is cool for that point like man for you could take care of yourself in school and have money in your pocket. I think it's cool but I mean like I couldn't imagine making four or $5 million in college bro. I would've been filthy. Yeah. I would've never made to the NBAI would've that've been my NBAI would've been the lowest amount of people into the draft this year. Yeah, I bet. I mean if you, we got some kids that from Indiana who could have went to the draft but he went to Louisville, he got three damn $3 million. He like shout him. Yeah. That's a game changer. So, so you, I could see on both sides how it could be good and You know like you said, well well my side I'm like man I ain't never experienced going to college so I do not understand that part.


So I guess the part that I'm looking at it is from being in the league for so long and seeing the corrupt, I would say the corrupt side of sports and stuff like that and I don't want these parents and these kids to really get involved in that part. But you can't, you can't keep it away from 'em but so yeah it's already corrupt. Like Yeah it's probably was people, you was number one player in the country. It's probably people already betting on you on the side. You know, I was 60 and people was trying to give me money on the side even to go to college. They was trying to give you money and stuff so it was happening anyway. It's just cool that it's in the open now.


Yeah because I mean we got money when I was in school so, so I think Josh, I think Josh Smith would've role would've took that paper. He would've been the IU if they like Josh You got 10 for you. 10 million. Yeah they had I over going to the league. Nah, I think he would went to the league. He going to the league once the league. He going he wasn't gonna stay Indiana. For what? Hell nah. Fourteens smooth was going to Bloomington. Nah. Remember what he said? Remember what he said on the pod? He was like my daddy was like man fuck that ain't no money in college. So if they would've offered him some bread, I'm just thinking they were from that side. Yeah because you young. He like shit if we can go get 10 real quick, fuck it. Yeah that only, that's the only reason why I brought up Josh. 'cause he said that on the pod like 10 million is a lot to pass up.


That was, he probably would've they offered him out two or 3 million. He probably would've went. Yeah. S is a lot for college. Yeah. What crazy. Even at that time period. Three is a lot in college getting Josh father would've stayed there? No. How long he would've stayed? How long? How long Joshua would've stayed? Yeah, probably a year. It was a year. He couldn't have stayed there. He couldn't have stayed more than a year. 'cause he It would've got to him. Yeah, would've got to him. You gotta get outta there. Get in, get out, do that little six months or slide. That's robbery. How? How was college like people was saying that if I would've went to college I probably would've wanted to stay all four years. Hell nah they lying.


Who told you that? Lie? What school would you would've went to ct. I was thinking about going, people be lying bro. You said people be lying. They just be loving they school bro. Don't nobody wanna stay in college bro. That shit is awful doing homework bro. Hell no. Now you gotta see, I swear everybody I was telling me man you would've loved college man. I'm like for what? Man? I ain't want to go to school. When I was in high school you was different player though. Campus would've been fun but as far as gonna class, why the fuck am I gonna to class for? I'm a basketball player. Yeah bro. I love the NBA bro. Facts. Like what we talking about. Everybody that say I love college, they must have been a star in college. Mm, true. You the man on campus or whatever but shit you was the man in the league. There's different experiences though too though for people.


Yeah. That's sad people. Nah, I'm telling you. Look, the said they had fun. The Marcus was gassing boo with the uk they couldn't even do nothing. Niggas had bro. Yeah, they couldn't even do nothing bro. They had the real NIO though. Yeah that was before. That was before the game. They couldn't even do nothing. Look, I'm telling you the truth bro. I always keep it real bro. When you go to college it's fun like yeah for a second bro. When you go to the NBA bro, oh yeah of course that's what oh man I think are alive. They say I would wanna go back. Nah, no I wanna go back to the NBA right now what's talking about. So was that an automatic for you though? I know you said UNC but when did you make that choice to make that league? To go to the league? Man man I was, I was saying 10th grade.


Oh okay. 10th a license. Nah, for real. I was say I don't want to go to college. I feel like that's gonna be a waste of time. Yeah. For me and the school, I really just want to go to the league and hoop. It was nothing else that I wanted to do besides hoop. So You know what's interesting, I wanted to ask you about this. Mellow was just talking about on the pod. Shout to Jar Smith. He's talking about he pulled up to McDonald's game but see how y'all was playing? He was just like, I looked around and seen Oh yeah they can go to the league right now. Yeah. What's that moment when you get around those people that's in the league, that's just like reaffirming that. You already know that I was gonna be that I could go. Yeah man. At every tournament, every tournament we played in the McDonald's game, that's when I kind of like, I was like this is it man.


I'm I'm the MVP me and Jr. Shout to and I knew I had a shot. I knew I had a shot then to be the number one pick but I was just so headstrong on making sure I went number one that You know that was my only, my only mission. Yeah. The first pick we played on a hell of a AAU team too. Y was about to segue to that. This is, this is shit right here. It's a classic debate. Team time. Third best, third best Aall first bro. No, no it's Indiana. Nobody fuck white. I tell these niggas all the time. You niggas don't understand how good Randolph was either. Oh it was cold. Was cold. The coldest front court bro of all time bro. S swear to God in high school basketball in any fucking era bro.


Him Randolph and Josh. Josh and then we had bro Var DD day. Yeah Mike Merc my squad be Rush one game. I said we did whole tournament be rush. We had a squad. That nigga is from Missouri. It all started. We used to come out here in in Vegas and play at all the tournament. The big time tournament out here in Vegas. My youngest memories just coming out here with Atlanta Celtics and back then they used to have them little Atlanta Celtics. Nah coming out here. They used to have these little cards like to the the escorts. All that. You know what I'm talking about. We came like used to have a car.


The real promo. Yeah. The real real promo that's can them up on, I remember, I remember our coach, not our coach, but Wallace prayed the guy rest his soul started the whole Celtic. He said if any of y'all mess with any these escorts, y'all will never play Celtics basketball again. And I said man shit, I ain't going to try this because I want to go to the league. Everybody was afraid 'cause they, they was break passing out the cards everywhere. But man we used to come here every summer man. And You know that's what we really got our name playing out here in the big time tournament. Yeah. Playing around. You remember what matchups from back then? Damn that was a long time ago. Did you say Bassy said he beat our team Bassy.


That was our high school team. Nope, nobody was. Well the team that beat us was pump and run from. Okay. That was on there. La Jordan Farmar. Okay. What's the big, he was a center some dude that motto Lonzo Ma. He was a a he was a glue guy. Yeah but he was good though man. But they used to always beat us man. That was, that was the only team that beat us is the team outta la. Oh okay. Jordan Farmar. Damn at the crib yard saw about the Indy Heat team. Haw the Indy Heat team. It was who was on that team? Greg, Greg, Josh, Roberts, Daquan Cook, Mike Cony, Eric Gordon and Mike Conley.


They was pretty cool. That's a five squad. That was high. That's fine. It was pretty that because DQ was nasty. Cookman gr was Josh 20 boy at that time. For sure he was. He definitely had bounced Greg Oder. Yeah. Yeah. Mike's still playing Mike os he just watch Mike in the clap. Yeah. Just hit a three the other night. I couldn't believe the shit. My god damn still playing man. That's crazy. So what I think nobody talk about Indiana hoops like that. They should be talked about more. Most definitely. I mean we, we try. Y'all got some hoopers though? Yeah, we got a lot. We got a lot lot bro. For real. We just don't have a lot of superstars. Yeah. As compared to some of the bigger cities as far as consistent players and stuff like that.


Yeah we, we keep some of around. So which state got the best hoopers? Which state? Oh that's us bro. We got all the Google guys. Jersey. Jersey? Nah. Oh, Jersey. Jersey, Jersey. It's California. That's where you from hon. From Jersey? Yeah. Rich I guess I see the bias in the other good though. Crazy. Shaq Kyrie? Yeah. JR Smith. Yeah. Y'all cooked after that. Jalen Brunson. Y'all JB for sure called Towns. Okay. I my mama y'all. But I respect Chicago though. He played in high school. He go to high Chicago. He from J from Chicago? Nah, Jayla, Bronson, Brunson. Jaylen Bronson, Chicago in high school but Bristol, that's that's a fire five y'all.


Y'all nice. That's fire New Jersey. Nice. But if you go with la bro G la crazy big though. Who? LA It is. Well LA you might have to take LA out there though. Put it in Regions. Well just like because you got just damn near Compton alone. You got, you got la You got three Fame? Yeah you got Hall of Fame from Compton. That's, that's Russ James DeMar. Shit that's enough right there. You can stop right there. You can stop right there. I give it to own some real shit though. State wise. I give it to New York Pure basketball New York. I go call over New York. Hey Bass. He said you can't put New York over Jersey. Look, look at the lineup.


Pure basketball bro. I'm just talking about outside of NBA players just overall basketball say culture. Culture ain't really got that many hoopers though. From there. From New York? Not a lot. Not a lot. I'm telling you who besides who besides Stefan Marber. It is like Kimba. What's that guy shout to party right For Austin is from New York is like Mark Jackson. Shout skip to my love Kenny Anderson. Shit like that. Like shout to chill. Oh boy. Amo Alimo from New York. I know DV but it's not, it's not a lot of, I think what he's saying is there's not a lot of super superstars from New York City. Yeah it's a street ball legend and street ball.


It's a street ball count. DMV. I know DeMarcus and Quinn said DMV, PG County and stuff. Killers too. Some Hoopers. Yeah. Kd, Meow, hoop Bees. That's enough. That's free right there. That went crazy. Well I'm still taking NAP though. I'm still taking, I'm taking Indiana. Bro. B growing up for us, Indiana was like, they used to always tell us Indiana's where the hoopers come from I guess 'cause what's the coach name who choked the player? Bob Knight. Bob Knight. Yeah. I remember in high school they wanted us to meet Bob Knight. So that was the time I traveled up to Indiana. So who came outta Indiana? Who came outta Indiana's?


Like he said we AJ Moye. Shout to AJ Moye. No he did not. That's my dog from Atlanta. Him out there. Yeah he crazy shit. IU too. The first, first five 11 power forward. That's crazy. On national team. When he was in high school he played Power Forward and he's only five 11. Yeah bro we we know about AJ Moy number two. He had bounce for real he could play. I was about to say AJ Moye, he was cold. Most definitely. Yeah. Indiana especially high school wise we, we keep some, like every year we gonna keep some McDonalds, all Americans facts. How was that rookie year though bro getting drafted? Like how was that shit


Listen, the NBA Finals are almost here and every play could lead up to the moment that changes everything. This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and most importantly the action never lets up. And with the DraftKings sports book and official sports betting part of the NBA, you don't just watch the games, you live it. And here's the gift for all you new customers. Use that Code Club five 20 and BET just $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. But you only get that 300 if your original bet hits. That's called Club five 20 for all new customers. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your original bet wins only at DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope Y or text Hope y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio


Man y'all ever go get a new phone and be like, man this is a good promo and then a couple months later surprise, your bill is totally different. But with Boost Mobile Man, it's $25 for everything. It ain't no price hikes. When I say $25 for everything, I mean $25 for everything. And it's forever. Forever, ever, forever, ever. Boost Mobile is now a legit nationwide 5G network. They've invested billions of dollars across the country. Listen, visit Boost Mobile dot com or here to your local Boost store today and tap in on unlimited talk text and data. $25 a month for forever. They ain't switching up. That's $25 forever. Text talk data no matter what. Just $25 5G speeds not available in areas after 30 gigabytes. Customers may experience slower speeds. Customers pay $25 a month as long as they remain active on Boost Mobile's unlimited plan. Tap in Boost Mobile dot com man, y'all better tap in $25 man forever.


So we all made mistakes, right? But on it up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


'cause the 2025 NBA plows get more exciting actually yes because this year thanks to dash pass members only deal when they swoosh you score specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any player scores 50 or more points in the playoff game dash pass members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash. Put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more. Use your promo code Wingstop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score sign for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one. Valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game must have an active dash pass account terms apply


Made for this Mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify. The thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast. Focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain because It's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Man it was a whirl where being drafted at 18 coming into into a league where you asked to be the franchise player. I went to the smallest school in Georgia when they had 16 people in my class. So now going from damn, going from a small school like that to the league was like a shell shock for me. I was, I ain't know nothing about nothing coming into the league. That was real cool. I just knew how to hoop. Yeah Javar. Criton went there too. Javar went there. Oh okay. Okay. That shit's smallest. Yeah. That shit like a damn cool school. Yeah, my house is in the league about big as my school. Wow bro. Okay. Because we were at a small school man.


Small school. Yeah. Small school. Yeah. Like we really, it was, it was 10 girls in our class. Six boys. Damn. We had 300. What made you go there? Yeah, I know we backed but damn we gotta tap into that. Yeah. Yeah. My, it was my, it was a a church school. So my church, we started a school and I just stayed there my whole life. Yeah. Five. I ain't go nowhere else. Five to 18. Five 18 I went to the same school. I ain't know nothing besides the school. Then I got to the league. I ain't know nothing but the league. I was really the bubble boy. Like in the movie. I did know that. Five 18, that's tough. Oh your problem. Wasn't cracker going to a church school. I would've crashed out.


I know my first year in the league I would've been filthy man. Well you never her pastor's kids. Yeah I was. I ain't locked up as a rookie. Ought lived the league and kids. I'm rich. I got this over here. It's league. Jeez. You gotta think because at Pike we got like what, 4,000 students? Yeah. Our shit was like a mini college. Yeah. Nah, IY still students and Pike was 60% black. I don't even know what it's like to go to school with that many people. Shit. Like I ain't never seen that many people until I started going to basketball games in the leagues seeing thousands and thousands of people.


Yeah. Hype. So what YI mean obviously the hype was there, You know how good you was. Like was y games crazy? Like was people pulling up to the games or Games was crazy. Okay. We couldn't play at our, at our gym. Impossible. I, yeah, it's no way off. I think we played one game there. It was the first game but it was so packed that it was a, they was about to shut the, what they call the fire. The fire marshal might come. So we had to play at one of the colleges. Damn. That was a, that was a time man playing in high school and games is packed. And what was y'all rank? We was number three in the nation. Did y'all play Lou Will? Nah, we didn't play. No, he, he was was a little bit after me.


What was a year after me. But he was this year he was like five A. Oh okay. He was five a six A So they playing all the big schools. Oh yeah. 'cause they school big as shit. Yeah. I went to his school before Sam. Yeah. That's a big school. Nah, for sure. Yeah. Our school is small and it's sweet now because like he's the coach of our alma mater now. And like we was Lit, pike was a a really, really good prominent basketball school and like people didn't even care. Like people came to games to support shit. But like people didn't care. Oh we know niggas good. Yeah that's crazy. Ba for real. They was number two in the nation after LeBron. Yeah, LeBron senior. Yeah. Yeah that was oh three. Yeah. So like it was, the support was always there. But to like to hear that perspective, to have no one player in a small school like that and then for y'all to be as good as y'all were I putting out pros every three years and everybody was like people supportive.


It was like alright cool, we just gonna game Friday night. Yeah. That's how it was. It wasn't even a big deal. And we played, I games was lit. I could imagine though. That's crazy. You got that personality bro. You went to the school from Friday 18 that was only same school. Yeah bro. Because that with your personality, you would think that you went to a school like us. You feel me? Like you real social. So yeah, I would imagine you was like a class clown but with five people in your class. You h clown school clown. I was a school clown. Oh God. Yeah I was teacher's like Dwight, I'm gonna have you again next year and the year after Title up. I'll go see you tomorrow. That's what I'm saying. You don't even have the, you couldn't even switch classes.


You didn't even know what that's like to just nah, you Right. We was in the same class all day and the teacher would come to our class all, we just had one teacher. Did you have like a role at the school? Like a I was the, well I was the, the school president. Like we had like a little, You know I Who nigga fuck. That's crazy as hell. That's funny as hell. I wanna ask you this question. You talked about this recently regarding like the Y situation. You said the grass might always be greener.


I little had that conversation with you here 'cause I know t talked about that his old teammate, You know the landscape of the NBA. You know people always talk about moving around and stuff, but some of these stars is like, you might as well just be where you at and just make it your own. Yeah man. One of the craziest things I think I did was just leaving Orlando not knowing what I had until it was really gone and not seeing like when you go somewhere else, you really in somebody else's shit. Yeah. And you Think you can come over there and take it but nah, it ain't, it ain't like that. So, You know, being in Orlando, I ain't realize I'm young as hell man.


22 in the Finals, You know what I'm saying? 22, 1 of the best players already MVP and all that stuff talk. And I didn't know what I was doing down there. You know what I'm saying? So I, I just tell gni, man, you, you are Milwaukee. That's what, where you going? You know what I'm saying? It ain't, it ain't going, it ain't nothing else going hit right after that. You know what I'm saying? So I just think that his best Bett is to just stay put. I mean they, they, they add pieces around him. You know what I'm saying? So it ain't the other way around. Like he don't need to go nowhere else and try to figure it out. They gonna bring whatever he And he already won. Yeah, he already won. What? What else do he gotta do? He gonna get his, if stay he gonna get a statue.


The na will get a statue from stage. Right now the na coaches job, I swear to God for real, he need to stay man. Like I understand wanting to leave and playing with these guys and chasing the ring. But for real like that's the one thing I don't, I don't like and I wish I didn't do it was Chase after a ring. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Going to teams trying to, You know, figure it out. So I would say you gotta stay home, stay put. Nah. 'cause when you was in Orlando, I tell everybody you was the most dominant player and it was like you was joking with people. Like we had four, we had four or five big for you. We had five, we had EI we had all these old Thomas, Josh, Powell, Bryan, Jason Collins, Jason Collin, Bryan.


Well one of the grants with the Low. Yeah. Yeah. We had a bunch of people. We had Al Horon. Zza. Yeah. Z Chu. Yeah. We had a whole squad to stop you. In my rookie year. Y'all beat us by like 40 year game. But our second year You said y'all did in the play. Y some people about like 40 with Gilbert then, right? Nah, we beat y'all with Gil. Yeah, but y first year I think y'all had du Oh y'all did? Yeah, we had like the biggest margin of victory in like NBA history against y'all. Y'all like Woody was the coach. We was getting our ass beat. Then the next year we played y'all and we was like, we gonna let the white score 50. And our first game we had like 36 in the first quarter, like in the first half. And I'm like man, this nigga might really score 50 y'all.


They like, nah, it's cool, it's cool. We got, we gotta eliminate the threes. But I was just telling people how dominant you were. Like it was crazy. You couldn't get a layup. Like I used to shoot floaters at the top of the rack board and he would be just laughing like, don't come back in here. Don't go let him go. Let him go. Hey let him go. I'd be like, man, what the fuck Jamir and them just let you go to the basket. He'll block it A Chico. Yeah. It was really some fun. It was fun as hell man. Like and I think people took me laughing and joking Yeah. As not taking the game serious. Yeah. But I, I practiced so hard. I worked so hard out, You know, outside of the games before the game started that by the time we got playing I'm like man, this is fun. Going out there dominating, dunking, blocking shots, doing all that I'm doing.


This is fun. 'cause I done put in all the hard work. So now it's really a show. That's a, that's how I'm taking it. Like man I'm finna put on a show. We got all these fans. They ain't never seen me play live. I'm finna go crazy. I'm finna block a shot, smile talks some trash to the, You know, it ain't, it didn't, I didn't mean no harm by it. It's just, I, I just had so much passion about playing. Nah, you was Dominic bro. I'm gonna always give you your flyers on that. That shit was crazy. Yeah. I think Gilbert had brought it up on the pod when they played Atlanta. His stats was like crazy. Like 40. Like 40 10. Only played against Atlanta. Yeah, 35 whatever. Oh yeah, it is like he had something against us. That's what I was about to ask. I did being from Atlanta, what, what was it?


Yes I did. I did one. I was mad 'cause I wanted to play in Atlanta, You know what I'm saying? So I was like man they ain't even I I'm from Atlanta, they could have drafted me. But then it was just like I wanted to beat the hawks. 'cause every game I saw somebody that I knew from growing up talking trash and they cheering for the Hawks. I was like man I gotta, and the Hawks, I had like five bigs too. Nah, I wanted to destroy every single big like that was my whole mission. Yeah. That didn't have a chance to dominate. Nah. Ain't no chance. Ain't no chance. So that was y'all whole game playing to let me score. Yeah. That second time we played, we beat y'all my second year. The first year y'all blew us out but my second year they was like, let Dwight kill and you was killing shit.


But nobody else was really scoring like that. 'cause we was just staying at home and you was just playing one-on-one. It was killing. Well I don't know. We figured it out. Jamal had a big serious, I was a smart ass gameplay. That's what it was. For real. Because I'm like man, I could keep cooking. But then my teammates wasn't as involved as was playing five. Yeah. That wasn't good. When you played with Atlanta, you wasn't on that team? Nope. I left the year he came man. Yeah. That would've been fine. Yeah. Wow. What did you hit the weight room when you got to the league? What kind of plan was you on? I did. I did. I was skinny. Yeah. I couldn't, I tried to lift weights before I got to the league. My, my regimen before I got to the league was I was waking up, it was every day in high school was waking up four A, going to the track, then weight room, then the gym.


But I couldn't gain no weight. None of that stuff happened. Then when I got to the league, I started doing Olympic lifting with our trainer in Orlando. And I would say after the first, the first year is what hit me. I started playing against the, the guys that was big and strong and I was like man, I'm not gonna get pushed around no more. So I just started lifting and eating weights. Then I got too big. Whoa. I got too big. That's why I asked. Yeah I start, I went and got a weight room at my house every day I'm doing the bench press trying to get my bench right. I'm like man I gotta get close to 500 trying get my bitch right Nigga you bitching 500, I'm trying to get to 500 yo.


I'm like man, body slip. Everybody victim shoulder. Yeah. By the bitch press. And we was trying to, we was doing thousand pushups every day. We ain't no wonder then nigga because I'm like they shot the white with that shit. Strongest shit. It was like two 20 or something in high school. And then high school I was 180 what? 180 5. Then I got up to two 20. Yeah. 2 24. Yeah. And then when I got to the league it got me all the way up to 2 65, 2 70. That's crazy. That's crazy. Bro. Had that and that's crazy. 'cause like they always compare like you and Janson situations like when y'all first came into the league and they like a couple. I could see that. Yeah. Y'all, y'all became fucking, I could see that. I could see that I, I think that he was, he is a like Dwight Howard with that could play with handles and You know being able to go full court and all that stuff.


In my era they wasn't allow the bigs to do that. Mm. And he had just came in at the right time where he could play one-on-one as a five full court, bring the ball down. I remember playing in Orlando, the coaches telling every time I dribbled the ball he'd tell them to come take it. Don't dribble. So that's the only, only thing I could do is the, the jump hooks and dunk the ball. That's crazy. And the Orlando team, we always give y'all credit and y'all flowers because y'all were early. Y'all set the trend like that that especially in this era. Yeah. Y'all would've dominated with the threes, the, the keep the floor space with the threes. Come on man. He be talking blue as the def facto point guard of six nine.


Ryan Anderson shooting Ryan Anderson shooting threes like crazy. Nobody talk about how Jamir played man. But Jamir was called star. It was cold man. It was cold. His, the way he shot the ball, it was underrated. I don't think people really talked about him. I think after he hurt his shoulder that year. But then having the two OG point guards skipped to my Lou and Anthony Johnson. Aj Yeah. Used call him. No Nick. That's crazy. Anthony, no. Nick Johnson. That was my dog. He was one of my favorite point guards. And every time in a game when he got in trouble he'd just be like Dwight and throw the ball up for a lo.


I'd be like dog, just anytime you get in trouble just throw that bitch up to the rim. I'll go get it. Hell don't worry about that team too. Like you said Jimmy Nelson was doing this thing for sure Skips my little hooping. Like he just hooped like it was n one. Like he every on y team bro. Every game. He didn't care. How was that playing with him bro? Man that was so much fun. He was one of my all time favorites because I used to watch, I grew up watching and one. Yeah, yeah. So like seeing him on and one and then actually being on his team I'm like yo, this is sick. Yo like this is really skipped to my lou all facts. He was one of the coldest man. But he though was one of my craziest teammates. It's cold and coldest. Six 10 can shoot anywhere on the floor.


Post up you got handles. I think the NBA back then was such a, like I, I can't, I don't want to hate on the guys now that's playing. But I feel like we was our era. Like that era was really nice. It was a good, it was a good time. I mean I think it was a lot of cold people and we, I think like the best players to who was in that era. Like all of y'all are like Hall of Famers. Just think about the names of the, the era you talking about the dirt and the whiskeys, the kgs, the Tim Duncans, you got Lamar Meyer, you got LeBron, you got all Melo. This this the era that we had like that was like right say was all like Hall of Famers.


This was probably one of the coldest eras of ba And the basketball back then was so hard because now the floor is spaced out. So you getting all these points. Yeah. But back then everybody boxes their elbows. Yeah. It's hard to score. It's hard to get 20 points a game in that league. But then like 10 people, it was only 10 people scoring 20 points. So you see how cold the league was back then? Yeah. Yeah. You talk about the spacing. There wasn't no spacing. They had traditional power forwards and traditional fives. Yes. So, and they wasn't shooting threes none until they got 'em when they started putting Rashard Lewis here and Ryan Anderson out there. Rashard Lewis was one of the first. And I think it was Rashad, Rasheed Lewis too. 'cause we, we, we kind of got that from the Pistons.


Mm. So Detroit beat us two years in a row in the playoffs. When I first got into the league said Rasheed Lewis. Rasheed Wallace. Yeah. Rasheed Wallace. That's why I meant to say Rasheed Wallace. Yeah. I said rash name Debo all be out saying but no Rasheed Wallace. I was saying how Rasheed Wallace and, and Ben Wallace and then the guys they had on they team. Yeah They kind of gave us the, the blueprint of what we needed to do to be successful. Like I needed to change my mentality to to be a beast in the paint. So watching and playing against guys like Ben Wallace, Jason Maxie, Rasheed Wallace, Jason Max, Antonio, this is all on the Pistons team.


So that team right there, the league can blame them for me wanting to get in the weight room and wanting to like go after people because for two years straight they bullied us man. Damn. They bullied us and and we couldn't beat 'em in the playoffs our regular season. Damn. Nah that was crazy bro. Y'all that pisses team. Jason Max Seal and Ben Wildes are crazy from court. And I'm saying people forgetting about Rashe Wallace, yo people forget how strong Antonio Mc d was strong as shit and he had bounces. I nigga the nuggets was getting buckets. Yeah he was cold. He was cold but Jason mc sure was was he like six six short Jason Short mag six three with a, with a eight foot three lead nigga long as head long ass off looking like a digit turtle.


Y'all still for the youngest? Who? Dunno y'all talking about what's my name? Isaiah up in Detroit? Nah, Jason back was original Jason back Facts. Y'all seen that video him chasing the dude in China. China Brave was trying to kill that boy. He would've killed that man. Killed. Hey that overseas basketball get different for sure man. Yeah they yo. Oh god man there was some times over there I wanted to scrap. Why you cannot find fighting? They would've canceled. Threw a guy over there. Me. What? Remember the guy that you threw? No don't story about he just talking shit. Yeah we, yeah, yeah.


TikTok find but in China we did get into Taiwan. We got into a, my team got into a fight. I got kicked out the game. I ain't even fight. Damn. I was on the bench. That was the one time I, I actually did do nothing to deserve a tech. Hmm. So it was pretty, it was pretty intense. Gotta get you gotta get you overseas man. Who me? Yeah. Ah it's probably old for me. 10 days. 10 days. 10 days. I been 10 days I about say TAT. Yeah. 10 days man I could 10 days got, I started a league over in, in Asia a couple years ago after my first year in Taiwan. And reason being is a lot of guys who've played in the NBA tried to make it to the NBA once they don't make it or something like that.


They usually tend to just be like fuck it. You know what I'm saying? Go down the rabbit hole of why they ain't played or whatever And You know, I really wanted to give a lot of guys opportunities to hoop across the water. The international game, the international love, international money is all out there and I feel like sometimes, You know, we just put ourselves in a box. If we don't make it here then that's the end all be all. So we started to lead three years ago and it's been booming man. We got Boogie played Boogie came, played in it pulled up. Quinn Cook came and played. We got a guy seven seven that was playing in the league for a couple years now, but we got about eight, nine teams.


The league is where? Where your boy at? From Boston. That was on the pod. Big ta Nick can where Taco Falls? Taco Taco Far. He was about come oh he son to come. He was about to come actually and play over there. He went to mainland China. Okay. And played. But shout to Taco. Shout out to Taco man. I remember watching him at UCF. He and UCF stand for you can't finish. He was at the right school. He could not finish in the paint. I'm like bro you seven foot nine bro. Bro ain't got Taco Fry. This. They was supposed to be Duke, they got cheated. They did get, I love Taco man for real. Just to see his real progress. Like he came into the league, he was not that skilled as he is now.


He done got so much better and he DI know he's seven foot five six but he dunking those niggas like he ain't playing around. So shout out to tackle man. It's always funny like you see like NBA players outside the NBA because we always talk about like the, the Mitchell Robinson highlights of him not hitting free throws but he pulling up a transition. Threes in the summer, taco Funk got a crazy summer mix up. He out there putting pats on niggas and shit. I said damn I gotta check this shit out. It's different. I think it's different in the league sometimes you get, they give you a role or like man you playing against really the best of the best. Like so defense going to be on point, guys is gonna be really ready to lock you down whatever it may be.


When you go overseas or something like that, you get the green light. You trying anything you gonna look like Mi Mitchell Robinson, he got the green light when you out there playing in the park or whatever he's at. So shoot, I do the same thing for sure. At what point in your career did you like figure out like you was the one in the NBA? Like when did you feel like all I can start taking over and lead my team? I would say my damn third year, third fourth year. Then we went to the Finals and then going, I would say going to the Olympics too. Man there's so many different situations playing on Olympic teams. Starting on Olympic team. That's when I'm like man I'm one of these guys.


You know I'm here with Kobe, LeBron, Jason, Kidd, meow, You know I'm starting with these guys And the league was just so crazy back then just to be mentioned with Kobe and Bron. You know he was MVP talks. Yeah they ruined the commercial. The they folks had that Finals come on. I know Adidas loved you for that. Boy you fucked up a whole Nike. Nike? Yeah. Oh you talk about the, oh man they had the puppets and shit. Come on. I made my own puppet. Hell I still got him at the cri. Since you brought up MVP, I know that Derrick Rose what you said you he was, he was number two that year. Yeah Derrick Rose. Rose got it.


So everybody in the Common like man you wasn't getting that shit over D Rose. What y'all think? Nah you wasn't getting that shit. D Rose all him to the White House. Nah, D Rose. What happened that year? Why, why he, why he should have got it bro. He had that Bulls team rocking bro. He was number one And you had to go, you had to go to Rex. Yeah he fucked because they had a whole, they had, they had Boozer, they had a good team. They had a good squad. It wasn't just you did too. Nah, it was just him. It was not him. Man Lou Alde, when he got hurt, Boozer they good, they good players but it was all 'cause of pool though. Like pool made the engine like he was car bro. It wasn't even close and he had the city cracking. I think that that goes to the effect too.


His effect of being at the crib and pulling the bulls back up like that. Yeah, after Mike the same thing with the magic bro. We did the same thing. Nah, I ain't saying you did the you, you did your, you did your big one bro. But that, that atmosphere was different. That shit was crazy bro. In Chicago. Yeah, it's just a, a better market. He was just exciting. He was a small guard bro. And they like bro said bro they was number one bro in the league. They was That's that's good that y'all said that Soa or or Yoki. This year. This year. Shit. It gotta be shit. You asked them. Yeah it it Shay's gonna win. Yo is the mvp. Shay gotta win win Sha gotta win. He ever had but last year Shay got, they told Shay that he has to do more.


Yes and he should got an MVP last year. He shoulda best work in the league. He shoulda got MVP last year. He has to get it. We know the Joker is the best player in the league. Nobody gonna argue that. Yeah, but this SG the first big to average of triple double though that shit bro. He's one of the cot. He's one of the best centers of all time. It's no question. Fuck that year. Gotta get the a VP bro. They they out of pocket. They he, he gonna win MVP. He got to but D Rose that year bro. Like people had to link up to beat him. Yeah, LeBron had to go. They still one beating the magic. Who they been to these accomplished funnels? When they got hurt? When he got hurt though? They, they still was number one like the next year I think. Yeah that's nah hell nah.


I think that that's when Jimmy Butler had, he probably with Jordan left the Bulls. They wasn't number one in the east though. Still top, in top in the east. They were still top team solid. I mean 'cause Nate Robinson them was hooping that year and shit. But they wasn't the same bro. I mean take you off the Orlando major. They ass too, not ass. But they would, dang, my team was cold. Man, if you don't play though, my cold, if you don't play shit. Who was y'all backup center? Go Marc Gort. He was good. He was a great backup. Shout out to Marcine man. Yeah, he was good too. And Ja was fucking shit up for a minute. They had a crazy pick roll watching man. That little, what they call that pick and roll nigga or a tag screen. That shit. Yeah, he got his own screen name. That's, that's cold now. Yeah. To be in the league and have a a a screen or whatever name after you.


That's pretty tough. Yeah, he, he was close line niggas on the screen. You Think you shoulda have got the MP over D Rose? I'm gonna be, yeah, I mean, I mean I can't say that I, I thought that was my year. I thought that was my year. I mean, obviously, You know, I ain't gonna never hit on, on D rows because that's my dog. He's been with Adidas, You know, that's when we first started, You know, kicking a little bit. Yeah. But he, I was like, dang, I thought that was my year, bro. I thought that was I year. You know what's crazy? I think, and this obviously is a crazy hypothetical to me, if you did that in Atlanta, they would've gave you the VPI think the city effect he had, obviously he played Phenomen, but the way that he brought that city up and that support behind him was so crazy.


Yeah, they was definitely like, oh because that was a basketball city that Ms. Jordan. They just like, oh we got the next one. He from here, he our savior type shit. And I didn't help killing either. So what was the biggest snub MVP snub to y'all? It gotta be, it gotta be Steve Nav got I say that, I think that too. I was gonna say that. Yeah. That's tough. That's a tough question. I the biggest snub Shaq could have got one of movies Sha could have. I was gonna say the Shaq and the Kobe one. Yeah. Shaq or Kobe should have got them MVPs. But Shaq should have won every year. There you go. Say every year. Damn nigga. Close early two thousands bro. Every year. You should have won in in the early two thousands. Yeah. For him to only have ones out pocket and Kobe only got one.


Why you think, why you only think he got one? I, I don't know bro. Because it's bullshit because yo is about to have full and, but he, he really killed in the playoffs though. Yeah. Was he killed in the regular season? He killed bro. I mean the documentary said he was coasting until it was time to kill. Yeah, he killed in the playoffs though, right? He was still Shaq, he gonna get 25 and 10. I mean, which I know who I am though, bro. Shaq. Yeah, because I mean shit, they don't give you the MVP till what? Damn near the Finals shit. But it's what the season though? It's they, what is the actual rules on it? Because it seemed like every year switch up. Thank you Dwight. I know shit. It's supposed to be Bri season announcing the postseason, but everybody feels way so we be like, all right, if the EVP losing the first round, he might not get a VP.


They need to switch all that up. Yeah. And the qualifications of it just, I think it should be the who the most important player on the team. Like if we take this shit on the team, how good would this team be realistically? I think that's how the MVP should be. I mean but that's every team though. Nah bro. That mean everybody gonna have diner MVP candidate. Nah, not really. If your team is like top five, but I'm saying like yo Joker how say his name Joker. Joker. Yeah. One take him off the team bro. They they me it bro. But you take, if you take Jason Tatum off the Celtics, they go you taking Jalen Brunson off the Knicks. Yeah. Playoffs. So we all made mistakes. Right, but on the up to them it's the right thing to do.


But we all know degree. Cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing back the OG cool rush cent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti persin for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees


Because the 2025 NBA plows get more exciting actually yes because this year thanks to dash pass members only deal when they swoosh you score specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any players score 50 or more points in the playoff game dash pass members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash. Put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more. Use a promo called Wingstop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score sign for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one. Valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game must have an active dash pass account terms apply


Made for this Mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify The thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The hell nah, nah. It's quiet. What? You said it's curtains form. Yeah. Camp. Camp. No disrespect to campaign. Campaign. Disrespect the point guard for the Knicks right now. They they they out to campaign the strongest lefthanded. Yeah. He's so lefthanded. He is crazy. You from his ankle yesterday he went Jalen got fouled out. Who old? Yeah bro, it's, it is. I Think you gotta, I Think you should at least be maybe top three C because I mean y'all not gonna get nobody MVP that's averaging 30 United seven C. Yeah, I mean yo won it one year where that was like the six. He was like the six. They gave MVP. The players at team wasn't top five. It rarely happened. But I mean the way that he dominated was undeniable too at that time period.


Because I think KG could have got it a couple, a couple more times too bro. In Minnesota. Yeah. KG used to kill in Minnesota. They just wasn't winning. He got it. He got it at the time. He needed to get it. They just wasn't winning bro. A pizza just really hard to come by because you played with Brian. He played with Kobe. Like what was the difference between them two Like Kobe, Kobe's a asshole. Not saying he is an asshole to me. I'm just saying like his personality, like he, he a asshole. Like he don't give a fuck. Yeah bro. Give a fuck. He, he want, he want everybody to like him. He won't to joke around. Laugh, have a good time.


I just think they too into ends of the spectrum when it comes to their personalities and on the court. Kobe's just trying to get 50. He's trying to kill. Who think bro, Think you think was better? Shit scoring wise you gotta go with Kobe. Mm How though? And bro got the most points in league history 'cause he played for the longest and he getting dunks and layups. I'm talking about score though. My idiot scoring. It is scoring. But I'm saying like as far as getting buckets like shit all the way around, all the around be will be getting buckets. If you can't stop me, get to the basket. He listen.


See don't fall into that Dwight. I'm just saying I I think Brian the best. I think Brian the best scorer all time. Brian is the best scorer. He's saying in different spots though. Kobe could get to it better than Brian. I ain't gotta get to that spot. Just run you over. Yeah you, you can't really, 'cause Kareem had the most points before he the best score And I think Ka Kareem, I still would think I'm always going with Kareem 'cause I think he got the one shot. I used to tell them Kareem to goat 'cause he got the one shot and nobody could stop And he had 30,000 points. Shoot doing twos. He ain't shooting no threes. That's, that is crazy. Didn't have no threes. He though from the three though. He what? He was good. He was shooting that shot from the, but he did play 28 years.


Yeah but he's still doing two points to get 30,000. That is a lot of buckets. And he's the greatest high. Well he did, he got the most high school and college accolades, all that stuff. Yeah. His career's insane. Yeah, it's crazy. Yeah that what I I'm saying like take bro you would take bro 'cause it just, nah nah, I just watched basketball and I'm like yeah I would take Bro Kareem is literally one and done. Who's stopping Kareem. But I'm saying you would never see that ever again. Oh he stopped. He's up with Kareem. Your dad did not have you in the hood shooting hook shots like Kareem 2000 tops. I was doing hook shots on my own. That's one of my favorite shots. Yeah but You know you, you never let, you never never did the damn shit.


You never don't look at my highlights. Mom was running hooks. I did all running hooks. You just not throwing your leg in the air. I jump the drop. You did not say I'm gonna put like Kareem bar. No I didn't. I nailed. Nah, no I don't think nobody said that. Said he said he made the shot 'cause they banned Dunking. Right. I wanna know how he because will, because the goals to the goals probably wasn't as strong that to, to handle people dunking like that. Yeah. Than they are now. So I can understand that. 'cause when I was in high school and I that's not even that long ago.


We couldn't duck in warmups. We still still can't do that. Nah yo, that's a real rule. Yeah because you won break the goals and stuff like that. Yeah we know in Jersey they let y'all in Jersey ain. Y'all anytime man. Yeah. Ain't the rules in Jersey man. We don't about to add the, y'all don't have a shot clock. We don't either. What had that in Georgia? I don't even remember. Remember what? What was that? The, what Was that the game plan though in high school? Let's get this to hold on. Yeah, he answered the question bro.


Who better bro? Kobe to Kobe. You right. Damn man. I try to let him get, I was trying Dwight with everything, everything combined. You gotta give it to LeBron. Okay. Bat scoring wise. I gotta say I like Kobe. If it's late in the game, I'm giving the ball to Kobe respect. Okay. I'm not gonna give the ball to LeBron late in the game. I'm gonna give it to Kobe. Mm. I'll take it. But LeBron got, he got it. I'll take that. That is funny as hell that LeBron know because like get considered as a score. He got the most buckets ever. We, we understand how but that's crazy. I never understood it. LeBron 25 every year LeBron bro. I have the most buckets ever bro. Yeah he don't Kareem, he don't have a Kareem stat line LeBron score all over the floor.


I mean of course you get majority inside. So does have a bag. I'm bigger, I'm stronger out faster. I don't need that. Does he have a bag? I don't need a bag. Don't let him get don't have a He don't, don't, he don't. He don't do moves. He don't first of all don't disrespect one of the best moves in basketball league. That's it is no way. I'm letting this man look at his hand in the ball. He hit hit that bitch. Every time he do, he look right at his hand and look at them and go back. That's the part I saying that's how I know he a dope. When he was younger he used to get real disrespectful and spin a ball in his hand. And Ja I'm like Brian is so fucking disrespectful because we know you not passing bro.


Y'all think y'all might got bro fucked up bro got a bag bro. Not a comedy bag but he got a bag. He ain't got no bag. He got, he do bro because his passing is, it goes into that too. I mean he could pass like a motherfucker, he can pass like crazy any kinda way. He talking about his bag like that's part of my bag not handle bro. Miami Brown was there 300 bro I don't need a bag bro. Get out my way or you gonna die bro. Facts, facts, facts. He don't even know bad. I done seen Brian 2020 swing pull up. I mean he a he he nice. He can do that. He but he his, he ain't got handles like that. So you say he better than Jordan. Come on now. Let's get a podcast today. Yeah, I I think he better than he better than Jordan.


Yeah. In what? Shooting Everything. Oh shit. Shit. It ain't nothing. He can't do that Mike. I dunno about shooting shit. Mike ain't shoot threes. Mike had a crazy mid range. Mike Shoe three Elite fade away. Yeah but well he can't do that. Mike did For real. I wanna hear y'all answer besides the final stuff. But I feel like me, I feel like LeBron played better players in the Finals and had to go to some tougher roles. Like oh we shit, they got Detroit. Man, shout to shout. Mike didn't play Detroit in the Finals. He had to get through Detroit. Yeah. Yeah but he had to play what the Rs scenes. That was older Magic. That Finny son scene was Magic was, magic was old.


Magic was all played. They played the sun Simple. Sonics, no disrespect G but he shout to Curry. Kevin Dur Durant Blazer. Nah, you just said y'all got the best era. Yeah we do got the best era. Okay, that's Brian era bro. Yeah I played OKC the one I won, I played three Hall of Famers in James Hart and Westbrook and kd. He had to get through KG and them and I had to, I had to get through Boston. Yep. Had to get to Boston first. Team was historically good Spurs he got five Hall of Famers. Yep. Yeah. And that goes to say team is one of the best teams in NBA history, NBA history. And then who played against, no disrespect to Mike, but he played John Stockton and Carl Malone. Hey that was cold though bro.


Hey are but that duo shout to Jeff Duo is not better than no other GU that we just named. That my LeBron played in the Finals. He take in, I don't know. Freaky Carl bro. Was the bullshit stocked in in Carl Malone. Y'all taking him over. Tim Duncan and Parker Freaky Carl Thoughy is crazy. Wow. Yeah. I won't stay out that you can outta shout out to Freaky K He was, he was a bucket. You Think, you Think, you Think you Tim Dunking and John stock though the most. Whoa, why not? I'm not, yeah, I, I'm taking Tim Dunking all there. All facts.


He's better. Yeah, I'm just roll bro. I'm taking Tim Dunk and from a defensive aspect too. Yeah I'm taking Tim we got this argument. Who better Tim Duncan or kg? Tim Duncan. Tim Duncan. No disrespect to KG because I best Tim Duncan had a better career. Nah, I'm taking kg reason why bro. What y'all want me to do bro? I got San Antonio. That's not I got, I got San Antonio Lit. Yeah. Who the fuck wanna go San Antonio If he was more of a selfish player the stats would've been more open. I got Rasheed over Tim Duncan. Mm. Yeah. I'm not mad to He must, he must got you buckets. Yeah. Must be rash but You know rash lot rash. Rasheed was cold man. He was rash. Dwight hit the white room. That type shit. He that was your bill for? Yeah Rash.


He already did strip against him but ain't no way. Hell he think he better Tim Duck. What? It ain't no way. Hell come on y y'all got crazy. Y'all can't do that because Rashid didn't have those Comp Rashed was more of a team. He ain't really care about having he that kind of stuff. Rash Now think I think Tim, Tim Dun is the most team friendly nigga I ever seen in my life. And Tim Duncan even with his paycheck 50 games probably What you mean to be on those first teams? Yeah because on the back end he was getting paid. Oh of course he still could probably getting paid but I'm just saying it looked like it looked good. Yeah. Look at Jaylen Brunson. Y'all think he just took a L on a hundred s? Nah he gonna have real estate in New York. Yeah for sure. I'm sure there's some backdoor shit that going. So y'all taking, okay so KG or Rashid?


I got Kg, I got, I'm gonna take Kg but Tim Duncan over all them. You can't miss it with either one of them. Those are all three. Probably the top five chicken was the first one to me to do what He did the NBA. So you gonna take that jazz team over to Spurs team Tim Duncan Gen and I don't even like Utah. I I don't like none of that because it said and respect to by Geno's cooking him for sure. Yeah. Oh what? Yeah that's what I'm saying. Russell. Yeah LeBron played better teams. He did Bro. Mano was that nigga Shout to Greg Ultra Tag but it lying. I think he would've been well nah we, we can't even say, we can't even say bro did play against better teams.


He did bro. I give him that playing against K. You gotta go through kd Russ and James Har You know all I gotta do is beat Charles barking. Kevin, I gotta play KD and Steph, Stephan Curry, Draymond Green, clay Thompson. But that's, we just looking at it from the paper like we not actually some of these guys may not didn't have a name like the the Kgs and all them but they was cold back then. They was cold defense and all that. They all ain. They cold took a oh seven C team which after World can't remember who was on that team. The Finals bro. Crazy, crazy. DJ stop. I'm my fault got the out count. I nable no digital defense.


Who? Nah who else is on that team? What's the Baldhead point guard? See well you gotta do that. It's cool bro. We don't got that much time. Williams. Who? What's the first name nigga? Start with a M. Yeah, Mo Williams on. I don't think mot even know that team. Nah. Oh he wasn't. That was E Snow. Yeah, Eric Snow. Oh Eric Snow. That's Abe, that's the one of the strongest point guards in the history. When you start saying nigga one, ask this nigga another question about his life. He lying nigga. When you guys start saying one nigga, one of the strongest ever nigga You know you because that ain't no hell nah. Who was on that team? That's what I'm saying bro. Oh Anderson Veja. He was, he was on the team and the tall What's Theus?


GSKi on the team. LeBron was what, 2120. They had a five team too. Freaky Gibb was there. He was at two. Guard the point guard Gibb. Come on bro. Y'all, y'all tripping Talking about Booby. Yeah. Think about when LeBron left. No disrespect to Booby Gibson. But what happened? Yep bro. No, not even to the team. The city died. Yeah, that's what I'm saying bro. LeBron should got M So what still happened when LeBron retired from the league? A good hands. It's a good hand. Anthony Edwards here for sure. Okay, shout out to Atlanta. So he the face? Yeah. So Ja go he short face. Ja Ja blew it up. He shot Ja, he shot it up. I don't think that they wanted Ja to be the face of league. What about Wendy? Nah, nah, he ain't got no personality.


No disrespect. But you can't, you can't be from like a different country and be the face of the league. Yeah he gotta clean his English up some more. Clean his English up. It is crazy because if that's the case joke would be the defensive league. Yeah. He just can't Beers he don't, he don't even do no media or nothing. But he's white. He's their quote unquote out shape for an athlete. He fits the stereotype of everything they would want to promote as men. The face ain. He good? Yeah. If he ain't doing it bro, it's probably not gonna be a like even Luca, like Luca Cole. But you can't be the face of the league 'cause they, you can barely understand him. I can tell you. I can tell you they he gotta win. If they he win this shit, they gonna give it here I think. I think it's gonna be Minnesota versus the Knicks. Yeah I got Minnesota Knicks Finals. That's hard. I that Finals in.


That'd be crazy. Yeah, basically friend. I was gonna say I, I appreciate y'all coming on the show but Indiana Patriot will be in NBA Finals. You know what I been having, I been, I've been rocking with Indiana. I just think that New York might get 'em this year because they just, they got, they got a big, they got, they got a big and that can post shoot and do it all. So that's why I got Knicks over in Indiana. That's fan. Why you think Halliburton was voted most hated? Because they don't like him but it's no way. I heard that it was only 13 guys that said that he was overrated. It's only 13 people who did that vote. That wasn't even a whole bunch of people. For real. They just blew the whole story. He not overrated though. But he not overrated at all. He nice. He nice, he nice. He definitely nice but I think it's because he was having such a rough at the beginning of the year.


It was rough. Yeah. Yeah he was rough. Is he a top 10 point guard right now in the league League right now? Yeah. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Alright let's name him. Who better than him Name, name eight. Why you looking? You taking Damian Lil or Tyrese? Hallberg right now before the injury Tyree. Ooh just know right now be before the injury. If you go look at Dame stats. What dam I got Dame. Any team. Yeah of course you gotta go with Dame but I'm taking Tyrese right now. Okay. Jaylen Bron On your Shane high team nigga. Damer. Damer. Goddamn Tyrese. On your Shane high team you gotta take him to China. Who you Taiwan to right now? Oh I'm taking dam's.


You taking take it if you guys go to Tawa, you taking Jalen Bruss or Tyrese Halliburton to Twar? Yeah I gotta go with Jalen. Okay, you taking Ja or Tyrese? Halliburton to Ty. Ja Okay let's gotta call man. You taking Kyrie Irving or Tyre Hallberg to Taiwan. Oh man I'm taking Kyrie don't even, don't even Halle over take. Alright. Alright this is go, this is gonna be a fair one. Trey Young or Tyree? Halliburton to Taiwan. Oh Trey Young. Come on. Come on yours on Tre. Come on to now you in Atlanta.


You trying to get the win. You trying to go back to the Finals? Who you taking outta? Who? All people just name. I'm taking Halle. Mm Halle going get me though. Yeah. Hallelujah. Nah Ty the white pick roll clip for Hey listen man Tyre got that Pat Pat. What about Kyrie 1, 2, 3 way back. Huh? Kyrie man Kyrie is he ain't gonna throw you no logs. Yeah Kyrie gonna throw me logs but he don't wanna play in Taiwan right now. But he said on your Orlando team, your Orlando on my Orlando team to go back to the Finals. Yeah. Dwight Tyree pick Royal Feeding families I need, I need Halle 'cause he going, he going, he going get me a a lot of assists.


He going to be in the paint. He talking about who he wanna play with. He ain't saying who better. Yeah I'm not saying who better. I'm saying the person who might make my job easier is Halle. 'cause he that's what type of point guard he's Yeah that's a fuck. That's a fuck. So I can't, I think he'd be good with Trey Young too because Trey Young, he throw a lot of lo and so I'm looking at guys that's gonna be good for how I play guys that's gonna find me in my spots where I can finish easy and stuff like that. So I know Halle from how he playing me and him in a pick and roll, you can't drop it's over with. You can't trap him 'cause he is picking you apart. Now if I'm rolling down the lane, I got my four, my four shooters it's over with. Yeah.


And I think even, I mean we're subscribe but for the way that our role players excel but the way he gets them open shots is like really underrated I think because he, he creates everything when he don't play we are sad. Yeah he's not a good team when he's not on that court. That's why I think New York might win 'cause if Ali ain't out there. Yeah only thing I my like my chances with the Knicks is that what K gonna foul. So I know the cat's gonna foul miles star shoot degree kind of keep him out. The paint, their wings are really, really good. They upgraded obviously but our wings ain't soft. And I like the physicality. No y'all got some good wings now. We not soft y'all not, let's not go to this pace of shit man we getting on a tangent. You know I could go basketball. Nah stop talking shit.


Yeah without Boston. Ah yeah. Yeah. Get well soon. Yeah they going back to New York. They, they about to get, that's about to be a totally different team in the next year. Yeah there's some major changes I I can imagine is gonna happen because they trying to get under that seller cap and they gonna have to with some of contracts and they got a new owner too. Yeah. So yeah. Do y'all think they need some more teams around the league? At least two more teams? That's good question. Seattle deserves a team. Long Vegas deserves some more players. Vegas deserves a team. Vegas I would love Vegas be a nice team. Vegas. Vegas should have a team and I think Seattle should have a team. Vegas and Seattle should have a team. Vegas what The Vegas elite the Vegas escorts.


Oh shit. Wow. And with that being said, wow did he really just say that yo son. What that mascot gonna be? Ain't no small shit. I already listen man listen man don't do it. Please man we rescinded all that. What we go back to the I'm res my whatever you want call it.


I resend caucus. I wanna ask y'all something because we went to the hall of Fame thing. It's gonna be mellow and, and Dwight next year is gonna be a hard decision. I don't think it's a lot of names. Who y'all think it's gonna Beto, may, Blake Griffin, John Wall, Andre Godo and Joe Johnson. I think I Godo get in. Yeah, IgG. IgG gonna get in, get in. I think Blake might. He got to, I think Blake should get in. This is a hot possibility if he him getting in for sure. I think Joe would get in too. Yeah, because Joe, Joe a second go around and Joe seven time All Star Heath, Joe Suge get in top score.


Yeah Joe get in. And you said stat right Meyer? Yeah. I I ain't know Staite wasn't, wasn't in there. Mark Meyer was cold. He was so cold. He was cold. Yeah he used to do, he used to fuck Tim Duncan up. Yeah. Yeah he did. Yeah. I didn't mean to throw that in there. Think you did. You did. I see, I see what you're trying to do. It's not my fault. See what You know. So if Ima, if Ari never got hurt, where does that put him in Power Fours? All the time. Definitely Top five. Top five. He was gonna be top five. He ain't get, he was crazy. Yeah. And that's why. And that's no s smart to Steve Nash. But you look at those Phoenix teams and the, the roster that they had. Like he had Joe Johnson, he had stat like Yeah Ion Yeah they had to give it to, they had to give it to Steve Nash though man.


One may be cool. Yeah but then playing with a point guard like Nash Mix Meyer. Yeah it did. Most definitely It did. It did. But he was New York too. He was fired with New York but it was kind of, he didn't have that. He didn't have that point guard. Yeah but he got hurt though because you got like when Chris Paul's with Clin Capella, it's like clin Capella being, You know, when he left it wasn't the same. I be like saying with him like he had like a, a real pass first you gotta think he went with Kobe James. Clint Cappo was Kobe though. With James. James Harden could pass. I Think you just, he just choose who he wanna pass. Clint, Clint was nice with James because Clint was true point. That's just throwing lives all day. You probably would've been, but that's a, that's a whole different era.


Like I think Jamir was like that but then once we started doing the one with a four out one end, everybody shoot threes then they kind of wanted a different style from just a pick and roll get to the basket. Dunking bitch they wanted more threes. Yeah. You might've looked different though with Rondo. What? When I was in my prime with Rondo? Yeah. Yeah. It would've been different. It would've been different bro. You, I Think you played with Kobe then you went with Harden, then you went with Yeah. John Wall and you went with, what's the other guy? Kimba Walker. What you're saying? Scoring point guards. Yeah, that's true. That's a good call bro. I see, I see what you're saying. For real.


I I had ask you what was the craziest season? The Charlie year or the Washington year? My Charlotte year. You say crazier? Yeah. What was crazy man I had in Washington it was a lot of shit that happened that was like damn, I had back surgery that year. So that year was crazy. And I was playing on one leg for half the season when I played with Washington. So when I did play for Washington, I was so hurt that I couldn't even tie my shoes. The trainers had to put my shoes on my feet for me. I couldn't sit down on the bench 'cause my back, I had to stand up during timeouts.


I had to stand up the whole time. And during games on the planes I couldn't sit down. They had to give me like a, a bed that I could take everywhere on the buses. I couldn't sit down. So that, that year was real tough for me physically. 'cause I don't think people understand the herniated disc in your back is probably one of the worst injuries you could have in life. Not just basketball. So me having that injury trying to play it was the worst decision I, I made from doing that. But then I, I had the surgery came back and we won a chip chip the next year. Yeah. Respect. That's crazy. They always like criticize athletes for like not paying, playing through the pain or stuff like that.


But like normal people, they couldn't go to work. Right bro, you couldn't stand up like you couldn't tie your own shoes. And I still was. That's cause for you not to be up. I still was hooping. I still went out there and played. I couldn't tie my own shoes like doing like this. I couldn't do that. You know. So just having to go out there and play with that. That's crazy. You don't know how I did about it. I was like man I gotta keep playing 'cause I wanna, I wanna win this chip. Mm. That's why I was talking about chasing the ring early and all that stuff. I think that's such a bad approach. That's why with Giannis like dude you gonna have some good years and bad years. Michael Jordan played for 14 years. He won six championships so he didn't win the rest of the years. You know what I'm saying? So that was his quote.


Remember in the who? Giannis? Yeah. Oh he said that. Yeah, he said that last year. But it's true though. Like You know we, we as players we expect to win then the fans and everybody else expects for us to win the same way. So now we putting that added pressure on us. Yeah. You know and I think Giannis they lose a couple years. Everybody like man it's Gianni's fault, he gotta do this, he gotta do that. He gotta get better and it's just all noise. You know what I'm saying? If I could go back, I just shut all that noise off man and just continue to focus on getting better. Like he wanted the coldest ever. Like he should never leave Milwaukee. He gonna get everything he want and more in Milwaukee.


He gonna go somewhere else and find out that the people really might not fuck with him. Like thing you think they do thing Thing He talking about him like going to the Spurs. That might be crazy. Might be crazy. That would be crazy. I don't like it though. But him and Wendy. Yeah that's gonna be scary. Yeah I think people would've pulled up on you if you would've stayed in Orlando. I think people would've pulled up on you in Orlando. I don't think niggas is pulling up to Milwaukee to hoop gni. Nobody was pulling up to Orlando. He said why we was trying they were nobody. Nope. They couldn't get nobody. Who was somebody that you wanted to come over there? Steven Jackson. Somebody for like defense and stuff like that. Jack. Jack Really? I love my squad. Yeah. I ain't want to trade nobody on my team.


Okay. When I, when I wanted to leave Orlando, it was solely just based off me, my decision. Like I, I felt like I needed a new place. Being young at the time. Like man, everybody telling me man you need a new place man you been here for so low man go somewhere else to start over. I'm like dang maybe that's what I need. You know what I'm saying? So again I would say he got to shut all the noise off. Stay silent man. Because people gonna say whatever they want to say. People going to tell you how, how they would handle the situation. But one they ain't making $200 million. That's a fuck. They ain't the face of a franchise. They ain't got all this stuff riding on them. Whatever they choose. You know what I'm saying?


So I feel like he gotta get quiet, get away from everybody. Let him make his own decision based off what's gonna be best for his life. He said that the dame too. Even Portland, I felt like Dame should have. Oh yeah. I don't believe in leaving. Like if somebody gimme the franchise I'm staying. Yeah. He talk about that all the time. Yeah. I'm making 500 million and just chilling. That's one thing I would say going back like damn like when you have something that's yours and it's really yours, like that shit was mine. You know what I'm saying? Milwaukee is his, You know. So now you give it up, you leave that bitch over for somebody else to come in and take it. You know what I'm saying?


So Yeah. And the same people that tell him to leave will criticize him if to go work. Yeah. As soon as he don't work that out. But he should have stayed. He, he should've stayed. You should't have left. Yeah, I know how that feel man. So I, I hope he made the right the best decision for him and not for everybody else. And shoot, I, I fucked with Milwaukee at one point in my career I was trying to go to Milwaukee and I played for the Rockets. Ah. Yeah. Huh. Fuck with you on you want tell y'all the truth. Hell yeah. I was like I see some potential in Milwaukee before y'all won the championship. When you, I was like man I see some potential in Milwaukee. I I want to play with Giannis and all that this and I played for the Rockets and then a couple years later y'all won a chip.


Well you had the vision 'cause I showed and see that shit. Yeah you a different type of go there. Everybody nigga you the white, you outta pocket. Yeah. You got two NBA champions though. My shit fake. I was just dead. What y'all think about that? What people would say? They both fake. They say the bubble. Nah, ours is real but I, mines ain't real. I ain't do nothing. I was what was your experience like in the bubble? Speaking of that man, did you like that shit or what it was? I liked it 'cause I got a chance to just get away from everything. But at the time my son's mom had just passed and they wouldn't let him in the bubble.


Damn. Damn. So, You know what I'm saying? It was real difficult to be without my son. And first they told me he could come. So that's why I was like, shoot, then I'm gonna go to the bubble if my son can come. And when I got down there they was like, nah, you gotta stay over here and you gotta stay over here. Damn. And so it, it fought with me for a couple, couple weeks then I just had to lock in and just kind of block everything out and just hoop. But the bubble was cold. It was hard to play out there 'cause you ain't got nothing but but time. Yeah. So it was pure hoops at that time felt like a U Tournament nigga out there with no fans and shit like that. That's how I think that was different for all, all the players though.


Yeah, that shit hoop out there bro. You gotta be different mentally for that type shit. And people tried to skirt it, bro. It was a fucking pandemic bro. Like yeah, that means the whole world is shut down. What are y'all talking about? It was pressure on everybody bro. No death up with their family. Like that's, that's crazy. People had to go leave their whole family and everything to go down to play. You know, during this time people get COVID, people could died. The George Floyd situation was just going on. It was so much happening and they had protests outside of the hotel we were staying at when we was there. Damn. So yeah, it's that's a real championship. Yeah. That ball was, nah that's a real, that's a real trip for sure man. Listen man, shout the pod out man. Let the people know where they can find y'all.


Hey y'all can come find us at Above the Rim. The greatest podcast ever. We got my boy Mo Real Jersey's Finest, our other co-host Snipe. Not in the building's, not here. But yeah, y'all can check us out Above the Rim podcast. Thanks. Shout out to five 20 for having us on man. Been watching watching y'all for a while man. We got some Indiana. I got some, some friends and family from Indie so You know. Yeah, shout. Appreciate you got some film in there for sure, man.


One time for Boost Mobile for making this happen. We appreciate y'all man. We got some dope stuff on the way. Stay tuned. We'll be back next time. Club five 20, the volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one min enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool Rush for yourself.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by angelise, so CEO of Tuby. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche. We embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes Sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. This kind Of starts started a little bit, man. We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. This is an iHeart podcast.