
You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to different places for listings, pre-approval and financing. But Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. Everything you need, all under one roof, every home at one address. rocket.com. The new home for all things home ownership. Rocket on the Dream.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


Ever notice your dog slowing down and having health issues and wonder what can I do to make 'em better? Well, my friend, add rough greens to your dog's food for 90 days And I guarantee you'll see changes that will amaze you. Greetings naturopathic Dr. Dennis Black and venture of Rough Greens here, And I invite you to give your pup the Rough Greens 90 Day Challenge. In the first 30 days, you'll see shinier coast and increased energy. By day 60, your dog will have a stronger immune system, less shedding, improved joint function, all due to the live nutrients that you've added to their diet. And at 90 days better digestion, reduced inflammation, improved heart health, And you may even have reduced their cancer risk. Fetch your dog a free jumpstart trial bag today. Go to try rough greens.com. Use promo code, try rough. That's T-R-Y-R-U-F-F. Go to try rough greens.com. Use promo code. Try rough you discover the shipping. You don't have to change your dog's food to improve your dog's health. Just add a scooper. Rough greens.


What happens is the more money you make, the less black people you see's. What I love about like LeBron, He's got his uncle, he got mad and he got Randy and he got rich. Yeah, he kept that group Yes. Around him. Yeah. And it's divide and conquer. You know, at a certain point they sit you down. You know Beyonce's father. Alright. We got her from here. Venus and Reno, we got him All my life. They grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice, got the roll, dice the squat. All my life I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, paid the price.


Hello. Welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the proprie of Club Shehe. And today we're at Spotlight la Stopping by for conversation today. He's royalty. A true legend, a living icon, a comedic genius. He's been making us laugh for over 40 years. A pioneer, an innovator, trailblazer in the film and television industry. He's appeared in two films that have been selected for the National Rec Film Registry by the Library of Congress. He's ranked as one of the greatest TV dads of all time. A New York Times bestselling author, a fearless artist, gifted writer, veteran actor, expert, executive producer, seasoned standup comedian, and a great storyteller. He's mastered the art of creating characters. A member of the royal family, talented Williams family dynasty that entertained the entertainment empire.


They were just inducted until the NAACP image Award Hall of Fame. Marlon calls him the funniest weigh-ins. His influence has spanned generations. He changed the industry, kicked down doors, and built a blueprint that's sustainable. A creative visionary, a versatile entertainer, powerhouse performer, Hollywood heavyweight, a game changer. The love father. Sometimes he goes by Papa or Papa Damon Williams. Listen, can you see out? That's a hell of a resume. Yeah, it is. When I don't know how many times you had an opportunity to sit and listen to people, explain what you've been able to do in this industry. When you hear people talking about you've been at this for 40 plus years, what do you think?


I think it's wonderful that, You know, I had some longevity and You know, I, I always think about what's next because if you sit back and think about the, what you've done, like I can go on social media And I don't have to leave the house. Everybody love me on me, You know, Homie the Clown for life. But it's like, that's, that doesn't like satisfy me. Right? So I'm driven and my whole family is driven, You know, hopefully for greatness. And, You know, it's, it's an honor that people like what I did. You know what? I know you don't drink anymore, but bro, we gotta toast you. We celebrate people here on this platform. Well, I don't like toast. Toast, clink the glass. Okay. But I will salute. Thank you. Salute, Man.


How you doing? I'm good. I'm 65 in loving life. 65 in loving life. When you were 10, did you project out here Like, You know what, I'm gonna be do this X, Y, and Z? Because I, I'm interested 'cause I had Marlon on and Marlon always had an idea. He is like, man, this is kind of what I wanna do. Did you always know you wanted to be in this? No, I had teachers tell me, you're gonna be either dead or in jail. So that's the guidance counselor tell me that, You know, so like for me it was just like I at a young age started looking to Keenan because Keenan just did everything right. He was just like my role model. And I knew if I could do what he's doing, I'll be all right.


Right. You know? And my mother used to tell me, you need to be more like Keenan And I, I get bad grades. I was getting arrested. Right. I was doing all the wrong things. Right. And then in 82 I got caught stealing credit cards and they released me into Keenan's custody. So I came out to California. Damn. So you have a mom and dad, but they at least they released you to the older brother. I didn't want to go to my dad. I'd rather stay in jail than go to my dad. My dad would beat you like he didn't know you. Right. You know what I mean? I love him and, And we needed it. I needed it. But You know, back then now they call it child abuse.


Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Back then it was just, You know, I'm teaching this lesson. You have 10 brothers and sisters. Nine. Nine brothers and sisters. Yeah. Under one roof, bro. And I read that you, your father made like $12,000 a year. Sometimes. Sometimes. Okay. To feed that many kids, put a roof over your head to make sure everything's okay. Did you realize like, damn, I wonder if everybody else living like we living or, or we just exception We, they were living like we were living. I mean, You know, probably less people. But You know, I had a friend Rob Ned, and they would so pour the oven door was off.


Damn. How the Other get, And I swear the oven door would be off. And when they cooked dinner, one of 'em would have to put they feet up on there until they got too hot. And then the other one would come in until, until the meat was done. So, You know, I was aware that everybody was going through it. Right. You looked at a project. Right. There wasn't no rich people in the projects. How many bedrooms did the home have? Four. My mother got one and then there was three of us tour a room. Ba So it was a lot of feeding people face. Huh? Butt Feet. My brother's tortured me. My, my oldest brother Dwayne used to hang me on the door, on the hook where your coat is.


That's how he babysit me. Right. And I had to like, put my foot on the doorknob so I didn't choke at that. Right. So, and then every once in a while he'd come check on me and punch me on my chest. You know what Damon, you guys are like, your mom done had a stretch there where? For like an eight year period. Y'all. They were, they were, they were 10 year period. They were good. They had like eight. Yeah. 56, 58, 60, 61, 63, 64, 65, 66. Yeah. I was like, so were you all close? Did I mean, did you have sibling rivals? You fought like normal kids do? Or were you always like, because it seemed like Keenan was always the, the overseer. He was the, the peacemaker and what everybody looked to for guidance, even though he wasn't the, well my Oldest brother was crazy. The one who used to hang me under the like no, no.


Listen, he, he was, he got diagnosed paranoid schizophrenic. Oh, okay. So where we come from? Everybody crazy. Everybody, there's a crazy, You know, everybody go Ronald Walker. Everybody know he crazy off, but we didn't know, know there was medication for it. It was just, he was off. Okay. And my brother was that guy. Okay. But he was so crazy that he kept people from messing with our family. Oh, okay. Because nobody wanted Dwayne. Dwayne told a guy one time, he said, he said, we gonna fight every day until I beat you White boy living in the building. He was just a like, bully. Right. Bobby Boyd. And every day Dwayne would just walk up and punch this dude in his face. He'd get beat up every day.


But he was relentless. He'd be riding on his bike. He'd see Bobby and they scrapping to the point where Bobby had him with his, he was sitting on his chest Right. And punching him in the face going, all right, you won. You won. Yeah. And he didn't want no parts of him. 'cause he had to like, he'd be outside with his back against the wall. 'cause he didn't know where this was coming from. But that told everybody else, don't mess with my family. Right. What's one of your proudest childhood memories that you can like share Keenan getting his first gig on? You know, he did the Tonight Show first, and then he did a pilot with Irene Cara, who was like this.


She was beautiful. Yeah. She passed. But she used to Flash dance, right? Yeah. Yeah. She No, Fame. Fame, yeah. Fame. She was a, And we just thought, man, this is great. He, he, he dreamed it and then he did it. Okay. And that was like one of my favorite childhood moments because I didn't even think about, I wasn't even thinking about doing standup back then. You know what, I think you And I are similar in this way because my brother, I felt whatever I saw, I felt I could do. So if, if I saw him do it, I could do it. If I saw him go someplace, I felt I could do it. So that's seemingly how you looked at Kenny. You're like, well damn, he doing all that. He out in California, he doing this. Hell he could do it.


He lived in, in the project just like I did. He ate what we wait. Yeah. He got his ass to from dad, just like, I got mine. So, Well he didn't get as many B he didn't really, He was really, he was a good Kid. The good kick got straight A's and Yeah, he Keenan, the one thing he did that we got him for is like, he got in trouble with school and then this, the teacher called home and Keenan said, I get it. And he ran and got the phone and he's like, yeah. And then he hung up and my mother came. My mother's like, who the hell was that? 'cause we, we are not supposed to answer her phone. And Keenan was like, it was Sammy Williams and they knew he was lying. Oh. Oh. Because Sammy Williams called and then he called back.


They called, they called the number back. Yeah. And He is like, I get it. And it was the teacher. My mother said, no, I'll get it. And that was the only time Keenan really got his ass beat by my father. Wow. And then the jokes went on forever. Sammy Williams, anytime the phone rings, Ken go get it Sammy. But I, I read that when you, you guys would fight, your mom would make you guys kiss In the mouth. Huh? I learned how to tongue kiss with Marlin. No, but like, once you kiss your brother in the mouth, you don't want to do that. You don't Wanna fight. No day we done. You don't fight. Yeah. We'll, we'll take this. We go outside, we'll find a place to finish this.


But like, we didn't like kissing each other but to finish the kissing thing. Yeah. Like to this day we all kiss. I noticed that. Hello and Goodbye. I noticed that. Because you never know what's gonna happen when they walk out the door. Even if I get into an argument And we yelling and screaming, alright nigga. And we, I wonder, You know what, 'cause I saw, I noticed it when you guys were on Living Color. Right. And I noticed that. I was like, well, You know, they can't do this all the time. Yeah. All the time. And I saw you guys when you were at the, the na the Image Awards. Have you guys always been that close? Yes. Yeah. We are our best friends. Like, the funny thing about being a WANs is we don't, You know, Kim is very social.


She has a lot of friends. Marlin has Is she friend? Yeah. I would never guessed That. But Kim has like old school friends. She's not out and about. Yes. Her friends are from college. She Grew up Westland and from the project. Okay. You know, and so she has still a lot of those friends. Marlin still has, You know, Omar and Mitchell, You know, all his like childhood friends. And I, my friends are my brothers and they're friends. You know, I'm cool with Omar. I'm cool because as long as they love them, they vet 'em for me. You know? Yeah. As long as they love Them. They, you cool with him? They I'm cool with you. Yeah. Yeah. But so were you guys, because you, it's, it's a lot of you brothers. So you guys kind of ran the neighborhood, huh?


They didn't run the neighborhood. 'cause we were lived in, we moved into the projects and it was predominantly white. Okay. And then it slowly got blacker and blacker and, and more dangerous. Okay. You know, but we were respected and because of Dwayne, we were kind of protected. Right. Because nobody wanted to fight this fool. Right. Every day You the bully Knee or brain like, I'm tired today. And then, You know, so, but my mother would always tell us, listen, if you get into a fight, it's 10 against one. Wow. So y'all should never lose a fight. And my mother make you go back to us then. Wow. And fight.


So it wasn't no losing. No losing. And my mother would fight for her kids. Damn. Yeah. This woman slapped Kim once in the laundry. My mother went downstairs, hair all over her head. And the lady, she was pregnant. She beat the pregnant. Your mama was pregnant or the lady was pregnant? My mother. Oh. My mother was always pregnant. Yeah. I said she had a 10 year spread. She was on the road. She was on road. Every, Every childhood memory of her, she got a baby here and a bump here. That didn't stop. My mother chased this woman from the laundromat to her house. And then one was gonna fight her husband. Damn. For her kids. So nobody, You know, she would send a message. You don't mess with my kids. Right. They don't want that crazy pregnant woman.


Tell tell me about this game that you guys used to play. Make me laugh or, or Die. Oh, that was a great game because that, that was like commando comedy. Okay. So what happens is we'd be sitting in, because we had to be upstairs at six o'clock. Okay. Unless you had a full-time job that demanded you to be out later. Right. Six o'clock. Okay. Not, not, not 6 0 1, 6 o'clock. And my dad is going, You know, he gonna put hands on you. So what we would do is we would all sit around in the living room and then one would get up and have to make everybody laugh in unison. It couldn't be one. Like no. Right. You have to make everybody laugh. And if you didn't then you had to die.


And the die would be something like, go grab daddy's beer and drink it in front of him. Oh no, Don. And We couldn't wait for you to not to be funny. So we had incentive not, we'd just sit there and just, Even if it was funny, you weren't laughing, Farted out, You wouldn't know laughing. Yeah. So did anybody actually drink his beer? Oh yeah. You had to do the d or we beat you up. Yeah. They was die or You know, sometimes it was just like, nah, I ain't doing that. And then you gotta take punches. Right. From Dwayne, the one that used to hang my brother hit you and make this sound.


Ooh. That made it hurt even more. Right. Ooh, You didn't want that. And then I read that you guys have to pass gas in front of your mom. Yeah. Come on Damon. That's The whatever the whatever we chose you had to do. Go sit on my, I ain't Played. Go sit on. And I, I don't wanna play. I don't wanna play. I don't wanna play no more. But it made us funny. It helped make us funny. Right. You know what I mean? It's like, there's this like, you can kind of trace why one, we were right, like we are still best friends and two, why we're funny. Right. 'cause we made each other laugh And we weren't easy laughers.


You know what I mean? Where did that, were your, was your dad funny? Was your mom funny? Where do you think that came from? My mother. Your mom. My mother was hands down the funniest woman. That's one of my only regrets in life that I never got my mom on stage. I wanted to have her go on stage. Really? And, And we, there's this little room in Burbank called the who Rooms like 30 people have all of us in there. Give my mom the mic and then tell her talk about Marlon. And My mother got not only stories, but she got punchline, You know, where all the bodies at. Right. Wow. Do you think had, had she not had a family, all these kids because she had to raise a family, do you think that'd be something that she would've been interested in?


My mother used to sing at the, at the, what is that in Harlem, the Apollo. Really? You know the Green Sisters? Yeah. Harlem sisters. They beautiful. They won contests. They won, You know, prizes and stuff like that. So her dream was to be a singer. And then, You know, kid after kid after kid. Put that on hold in before You know it. I mean she Was in, ah, Get out. So when you got, it's 12 people in a home, your mom, dad, and the siblings. What are you guys eating? My mother was a miracle worker. She'd feed all of us with $10 a day.


Ten three Meals. We'd get a bag of knuckles. Pig knuckles. We'd get a box of rice. We'd get, they used to make these, this cereal cult like puffa wheat. Yeah. But this had no sugar on it. Right. This was just like a big, big bag. Styrofoam. We used to get that. We'd eat that. We, You know, we, if we had sugar, we'd put sugar on it. But that was it. We didn't, there was nothing, nothing special. You know what I mean, about our meals. Did you ever complain like, man, I don't want to eat this. No. 'cause my, my father didn't play about food one time. He, I hated peas And I hated lima beans. And whenever I get it, we, we would try to like spin 'em out and my father would make you eat it up the trash.


What I did one time, we, we would be in there and what we would do is like, sit around the table And we are eating this and we'd fill up our cheeks and then we'd get up and excuse ourself and go to the bathroom. And we would try to make you choke on them. Me And You. Yeah. My father didn't play with food. It seemed like your father was very, very disciplined. Very strict. Do you think he was like that way? Because he had boys and he knew what was going on? Because this is the sixties. Yeah. The way it was back then is a lot different than it is now. But some things change and some things remain the same. You think he was away with you guys because he knew what was going fa you guys were gonna face?


Yeah, But it was that and he didn't really have a dad, so he didn't really know. Okay. And then he read in the Bible that you should spare the rod, spoil the child, spoil the child. But it, the rod of discipline ain't always your hand. Yeah. You can have a conversation. So Yeah. You Gotta be the old school. The old guys wasn't like that. No, they yeah, They weren't. Yeah. And then, You know, I think we got extra spankings because he would go to work and come home and be unhappy and, You know, and it is just, it was just a lot. Right. So I guess at a certain point we were, You know, his a little punching bag And plus it's always noisy in the house. Yeah. I mean, but my mother hit him at the door. So what we had to do, if you got in trouble, you have to sit in front of the door when my dad come in.


Oh. And he saw y all sitting there. He knows something was up. Yeah. Yeah. I, I was so scared of my father when I heard his keys jingle. I pee on myself. Damn. I ain't lying. That's because he, I knew he and my dad would beat you with stuff like the, the from under the bed. Just like, Did he ever say, And I got a belt. Wait, hold on. Yeah. Take my belt. Did he ever say, did he, did he David Damn you take your belt off. Yeah. Yeah. You keep it from finding something else. Yeah. Whatever he get, You know the, the thing from the iron iron court? Yeah. My dad sent you court. Yeah. Yeah. So, You know, I love him today because I knew he was protect.


He taught us lessons And You know, you got 10 kids so You know, you gonna be the example. I'm gonna beat you. So he don't do what you did and it, Did he ever have a conversation with you guys? Did it ever? And we got older. And you got older. Yeah. You know, you don't understand it till you have your own kids. Right. You know what I mean? Like, I have my sons right. And then I go, oh wow. Because my son, we grew up, they was up in Beverly Hills and they, they would hang out in the hood. Right. Got jumped into gangs. I got Crip in the blood, living in my house. I didn't even know. I didn't know. But that's like, you, you, you have to watch your kids, You know what I mean?


It's like you, you just have to just know that boys are different. Very. And they need, they need you to, Hey. You know. But was it a situation, given how you was raised, your dad was very strict, very hands on. Literally. Did it make you take a step back and not be that way towards your own kids? I chose the comedic route. Okay. With my kids. I was a, like my son, if he messed up his school, he's like, oh, you a clown. Okay. So if you gonna be a clown, you're gonna look like one. And I shave all of this outta his head. And you just have the size. Now you go to school And you be a funny clown.


So you had, you have, you had you little young homie. A little young homie. That's right. That's right. Then they, You know, And I would make up 'cause they went to a private school, right. Crossroads where they could dress how they want. No, you're gonna put on a suit. You gonna be a well-dressed clown. That's how you want to be. And they go to school and they, they would have wore, You know, they think they can get slick and have, You know, some clothes in They locker. Locker. I show up at school, put your suit on, clown. I know the game. Why you ain't Dressed up. Clown as a child, what would you say your favorite meal was? Beans Frank sauerkraut. Mustard rolls And I, yeah.


Beans. Franks cr sauerkraut, mustard and roast Sauerkraut. Oh man. When you poor sauerkraut, It just something different. It's good. You know,


buying a home used to be a, a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, real-time insight and more all the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task or unlocking equity for future opportunities. There's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home at one address. rocket.com. The new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream.


Ever notice your dog slowing down and having health issues and wonder what can I do to make 'em better? Well my friend, add rough greens to your dog's food for 90 days. And I guarantee you'll see changes that will amaze you. Greetings naturopathy. Dr. Dennis Black and venture of Rough Greens here. And I invite you to give your pup the rough greens 90 day challenge. In the first 30 days, you'll see shinier coast and increased energy. By day 60, your dog will have a stronger immune system, less shedding, improved joint function, all due to the live nutrients that you've added to their diet. And at 90 days better digestion, reduced inflammation, improved heart health, And you may even have reduced their cancer risk. Fetch your dog a free jumpstart trial bag today. Go to try rough greens.com. Use promo code. Try rough. That's T-R-Y-R-U-F-F. Go to try rough greens.com. Use promo code. Try rough. You just cover the shipping. You don't have to change your dog's food to improve your dog's health. Just add a of rough greens.


So you eating beanie weenies? Yeah. He pork and beans with sugar on it. Oh my God. Yeah. I mean your dad worked three jobs. He, he still wasn't making enough But he dogged, he he dogged tired with he get hold David. How He had time to whip ass. Oh he found the way He worked overtime did. Yeah. He had some sauce. He had to look up for drinks. Hold on. You got in trouble for stealing from your dad. I stole 15 cent from my father and he missed it. I'm like, I don't ever want y'all That poor. He missed 15 cents. 15 cents came downstairs, followed me down the stairs and like, like a, like a school bully threw me against the wall where my money.


And I'm like, I know, I, I didn't take no dollars so I'm just like, what? And I had it separated in my pocket. Right, right. Because I didn't, You know, you hear the change and my father searched me, Hey pat you down. He stop and frisk. Took my, that's my, that's my nickel. 1964. That's my nickel. And he beat me right there on the stairs. Like, like, like a dude off the street. Damn. And I, like I said, I don't ever wanna be that poor that I missed 15 cents. But that's with me today. That, that's part of my motivation. Damn. Did did your siblings see it?


Did it when y'all got whipping, did they make fun of y'all? All the time. We mock you as soon as you go back. Yeah. Daddy. Yes. That Make it worse. That make it worse. It was worse than the whip whooping. But how important do you think having your dad in your household, given what You know now, how important do you think that is? To have a black man in the household? The greatest gift my father ever gave us was coming home. Damn. That's deep. 'cause my mother didn't make it easy. He was a dumb MFA and all kind of stuff.


'cause he didn't, he didn't, You know, she wanted stuff in life. Like new underwear, like stuff we, she couldn't do little stuff. Makeup and get her hair that couldn't do it. But he came home humble. You know, sometimes he had to tell us there ain't no food. What Mr. Provider, you ain't got no food And you trying to tell me what to Do. Yeah. So, but, but that was the gift. That's Like, You know, you come home, it doesn't feel good. But, So he's working three jobs he has to provide for this family. And when he gets home, your mother, your mom doesn't make it easy.


And I think Marlon said he could've, he could've easily understood if Pop would've checked out. 'cause it wasn't easy. No. We used to say what hit her or something. Damn. What? Damn, damn. I ain't lying. My father, he would never, he never would like cuss at her. Really? Yeah. My father took, when she died, he would, he was ready to go. I miss her. I miss my gal. What? When he used to cut you Out, you miss. Yeah. Every day you Got peace. Now you ain't got nobody cursing you. I miss my gal. Damn. He was just ready to go check please. But that's like, he taught us love like unconditional love.


You know, he always saw her as the 16-year-old. He fell in love with. Ooh. You know. That's beautiful. You mentioned your mom had sisters and they would sing occasionally at the Apollo. Did your mom sing around the house? Oh Yeah. Yeah. Music was Like, You know, that's one thing we always had in the house. And to this day I listen to music all the time because those are some of the happiest times in our life. You know, when you, when Al Green was on Yeah. You know there was gonna be peace in the house. I remember I took my mother and father to see Motown review on Broadway. Oh wow. And we watching the play and my mother and father sitting together and my father go, he just, my mother and nigga Shut up and he just starts sawing next to the subject to my life.


And I was like, wow. It's powerful. What mu there's I guess all the memories of, You know, what they went through. It was just, it was beautiful. But I, You know, there's always music in the house. What are some of the best things your mom and dad taught you and what would you want their legacy to be? My dad taught us sticktuitiveness. And that you have to, whatever you do, whatever you have to do to feed your family. Mm. You know, And you do what you can do until you can do what you want to do. Because my dad always had dreams of like being something like my dad.


Listen, he was, he was Amazon before Amazon. This I swear my dad. So we lived in the projects. Okay. There was three buildings with 20, there was 25 stories tall. Wow. 10 families on each floor. So my dad would go to warehouses and get like afro pics and then he would put them on, we'd put 'em on cardboards and he'd send us door to door. That's 750 families. Somebody need a afro pic And we go door to door And we have a pitch. You know, sometimes we get them beads that Serena Williams and them used to wear. Yes. And you not gonna, who is it you want?


You wanna buy some beads, nigga? What? Beads? I ain't got no beads. And we just hold them up beads. You want some beads? Get Outta there with them beads. But You know, you meet people who appreciate it. You got to know everybody in the neighborhood. Some people just give you money just because. Just because. Yeah. And then some people would throw the beads At you, Get your ass outta here. So I ain't got No money. Right. Well just take your beads and close the door. You see him Outside. That's them. He got my beads on his head. You were, your family was raised Jehovah Witness. Yes. And there are a lot of the Jacksons Prince Biggie Terrence. How Ja rule Naomi Campbell.


What was, what is, explain to me. 'cause I don't really hold. All I know is that we closed the door in a lot of them faces. Yes. Because when they cover Right. I, we I Was one of them faces. Yeah. So, so so what, what do you think your mom and dad was drawn to about this religion? Well, my dad was drawn to it. Okay. My mother was not okay. My dad just knew it was the truth. Okay. You know, and so the kingdom, we pray for our father who ought in heaven, hallowed be our name. What it, the name? It's not God. It's Jehovah. Right. Let your kingdom come. What is that Kingdom? Who's the king? Right. Jesus. Right. Let your will be done. What's the will as it is in heaven on earth.


That's the will is that we live in unity and be God. So man has plans. God has a purpose. So, You know, we, I believe that. And you look at, all you gotta do is read the news and then read two Timothy three one through five. And you see it's what it says how people will be in these days. The, the, You know, critical times hard to deal with lovers of money, self assuming Hardy blasphemous having a form of Godly devotion proven false to his power. This is where we are today. Right. Are you still a practicing general boy? Yes. Yes.


And I, I love it. You know, I, I think it, it, the, the greatest feeling you'll have is to be at peace with God and peace with man because that puts you at peace with yourself. 'cause my prayers aren't, God forgive me. No, thank you. Thank you for my family. Thank you for this journey. It's nothing but like gratitude. 'cause I ain't living a life that I gotta apologize for. There was a time I was Wow. Couldn't even pray. God, nevermind. You don't wanna hear this.


Well, do you do Jehovah Witness, do they celebrate holidays? Do they celebrate things? Because I'm trying to figure out like did y did birthdays. Were birthdays big in your Family? No, my mother celebrated everything my mother did would celebrate Christmas birthdays. You know. But how did That work? He does and she does. I mean, My father was just go in the room, You know, are you serious, dad? Yeah. My mother would save money up all year to get us something. And one of the greatest Christmases we ever had was my father took the money and tried to open a business that she was saving. So we didn't have no Christmas. My mother sat us down. There ain't gonna be no Christmas this year. Y'all like, what?


No Christmas. That asshole in the room. And she would just told us what happened. My father wanted to have a business. Right, right. And so we decided that we gonna write Santa Claus a letter. Oh. And all of us wrote Santa Claus a letter. And then we mailed it off to the North Pole. Nothing, nothing till Christmas morning. The U-Haul truck pulls up to us, our house bikes, all kinds of toys. It was just like, wow. That felt like Christmas. Wow. And then the next year we tried to do it again.


Seriously Stop niggas No. Tell you daddy. But Yeah. But, but it's okay because we, You know what most of the stuff is, You know, based in paganism, You know I sat on toast. Yeah. Because that's some, it's old Greek pagan thing where they clink it And you eat you and chase the demons away. Okay. Well I if they here for when I'm drinking, You know what I mean? I don't, You know, it's like people don't know what they do. They're celebrating stuff they don't know.


Right. Easter Just tradition that's been handed down. And you Right. It's once with, with knowledge comes power. Right. Right. Once You know that Jesus death is more important than his birth. Right. Right. Christmas, that's, that's something that corporate America figured out how to get rid of all the inventory at the end of the year. Let's clean this out. We'll have a sale, call it Christmas. Right. Because Jesus didn't celebrate his own birthday. Don't you think he'd have threw a party if it was important? Right. Yeah. Change everything to wine. Everything's wine. True. Right. So it's like, it it, once You know, then you, it makes it easier to go, oh, okay.


I I get why I don't celebrate this. You mentioned something earlier about a Few days. I never talked about my mother. You didn't what? She because I I, I, I poked jokes. Right. But you asked what did she give us? Love. My mother was the, the heartbeat of this family. That's what Marlon said. And taught us how to love and how to, You know, even though she sometimes didn't practice what she preached, but how to, to get past grudges. That's your brother. That is your sister. You love them. They're going for the rest of your life. They going to be your brother and sister. That's what my mother gave us. Love.


Did your mom ever discipline y'all? Yeah. My mom, my mom would do this thing. She was like, come here. Lemme slap your face. She wouldn't even chase you. Come here. Lemme say you be doing this. No, I think I stay over here. And then The trick was, she get you like this and they bam. Ears ringing. You'd be like, what the hell? Yeah, my mama. But that, but she had to be really, really mad at you to hit you to pop your ear drunk. Yeah. That's what old people, they, they believed in slapping. My grandma slapped fire at your mouth. Yeah. Well, I mean, I'm like, what is that about? Because it's better than a punch.


It's a, a slap is more of a humiliation. It is Ass Chris Rock. Oh Lord. Hell, Lord hell nah. That's all. I didn't, Marlon told us a story about the foot. So you had a club foot. It looked normal. I have a club foot. It looked normal. Had I have A, I mean, what you got a size 11 and a half and a nine? No, no. Well no. This the, the, here's the thing. A club foot. Now I don't have the same flexibility. I was born, my foot twisted all the way around. Okay. Right. So so You had to wear the, the behind braces at the bottom.


Yep. Yep. Orthopedic shoe came up to here. You know, it was, They had, it was high on one side. Huh? Thick. The Herman mustard. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I walked with a limp, You know. But people thought it was cool 'cause I, I perfected the limp rather smooth because I wanted you to look up. Right. You know what I mean? That was my whole thing in life when we played the dozen. Get you to look up and look at the shoe. 'cause I'm vulnerable down here. Right. So I hit you before you even you be, did You, did you, did you, were you insecure about it? Did, were you self-confident about Super Super? No. You self, I mean self-conscious.


It's very super, You know, because they was your family. Your, your brothers and sisters killed you about that, didn't they? NI never felt like they had jokes, but it, there was so much love in my house. I never felt like them attacking me. Okay. I, I know they talk about my little foot, but it was okay because I'm, I'm in on the joke. I'm laughing. They see me with, You know, my pants off and Right. You know, And they sold the little baby foot. Yeah. Yeah. But it's, it's, it's okay. Right. It was in love. You put anything in love. It. It, it takes it the sting out when you go outside, they were trying to hurt. They got you. Oh my God. Well, I got them. And, and the true Kim, Kim would fight all the time. People and people make fun of you for All the time.


I'm my baby brother. I'm a, I'm her older Brother. Older brother. But, And you got little sister Kick they ass like, like a, like Allie cat fight. You know, Kim is Deur, You know. Yeah. She seem real. And that's what, when you told me she was social, she doesn't come off as social. She seems very quiet, very subdued. I'm here for a purpose. I'm gonna talk. When people need to talk to me, I'll talk to them. But I'm not, You know, She's shy. She said, You know, she don't, none of my family like the lime like that Marlin, Marlin, Marlin loves us, me, Keenan, Shawn, we, You know. Right. If we don't have to be seen, we not, we rather Kim, we just rather not be seen even juniors like that.


Right. Like they, we, I don't need that. Hold on. The doctors thought you were gonna be a little person. We can't use the M word. They, they thought you was gonna be a little person because of the foot. No, they put me in the, in the special ed class. You Yeah. Because they, I'm in there with, with them. And my mother was like, no. It's like, he's nothing wrong with him, but I got to know all the kids in the right. You know. So they figure Any, any abnormality and prior deformity that you had, you had, there had to be something wrong with you mentally or fifth emotionally? What I mean, what I think it's just 'cause I was black. Oh. You know? And they just like, here, let's, let's, let's have Some fun.


True. Because I remember those classes. I don't remember seeing a whole lot of white people in those classes. Yeah. Yeah. And they put me in there with the, You know, back then you call 'em retarded. Yeah. People You know. And, and like I said, I made friends with some of them, You know, until I got one of my other friends. Then I disowned them. Get outta here, coy, get on man. Grabbing my style. Hang up Jordan Damon. I know when the, when when the, the, the regular kids saw you going into those classrooms, bro. Oh, they would come by and tease me. They'd be Pointing at me in the window. I'm like, oh man. Did, did, I mean, did did you have home? Did they give you homework? Did you have homework or you Yeah.


Easy homework. Fold this paper. That was the homework. Yeah. Fold this paper in half. Ooh, you did good. I was the smartest kid in class finally. But you do realize, when you do realize, David, like when you, in those classes, you stay in that class the whole day. You don't change classes. No, my mother got me out. It was, it was a, it was a, a quick stay. Okay. You know, probably for like a week. But You know that the, Yeah. It was about a week. Marlon said you were terrible in school. I mean really bad. No, here's, I was funny.


So you went to school to tell jokes? Yeah. You didn't go to learn. This is, this is how my mind thought. Okay. When I went to high school, I, I took Chinese, Mandarin, Chinese. Just because I knew it was so hard. I could fail it. Nobody gonna say Nothing. I go, I'm, I'm telling I get to the class and it's me and everybody else is Asian. Because there's a proper way to speak Chinese. Yes. Right. Mandarin is not like, It's not an easy language. Yeah. It's, there's, each word has four different meanings. So I like, I'm like, Hey, it's Chinese dad, I can't do It.


But I was always like, I had one teacher, Mr. Freeman, who believed in me. And in seventh grade I used to call him Mike. And I, he would, I would get under his skin, but I would make him laugh. Right. He was my science teacher. And he told me one day, so I would do stuff to try to stump him. So we were talking about inertia. Right. He's teaching about inertia. And I said, Mr. Freeman, yo Mike, why is it that when you get on the train and the fly flies in and the train starts to move, the fly doesn't smash against the wall. He said, well, the fly goes inside. I said, no, the fly never touched the wall to go the same speed as the train.


Right. Why doesn't the fly When you take off? 'cause if you take off and you're not holding on, you fall back That part, why doesn't the fly move That part? And he was like, he said, that's critical thinking. He said, and the thing about you is that you're, you're, you're brilliant. He said, you have a gift. He said, the problem is I need to control the room. Right Now. You are controlling my classroom and that's not good for me. Mm. So here's what I'm gonna do. I'm going to give you five minutes on Friday to say or do whatever you wanna do. Wow. If you just be quiet. It was a trade off.


It was a trade off. And I would, You know, sometimes I would blurt out stuff. But, You know, for the most part, I, I honored that and he honored that. Right. And I couldn't wait for my five minutes every Friday. But he was the only teacher that ever told me that what I do is special. He was the only one that really believed in you. Yeah. Everybody else thought you was a F up. Yeah. Class clown. Yeah. I You dropped out. I got thrown out. I was Actually, I got thrown out of, I went to Murray Bertram High School for business Careers. This is the first school, high school to teach computer science.


Okay. And they had like, like computers as big as this room. Wow. And that's like the cobalt. And they're teaching us this. And my dumb behind, I, I had a teacher who I didn't like and somebody gave me some mace and I'm in the class and I'm spraying Mace. I'm, she made me sit right like this. 'cause I was such a, You know. Yeah. Right. So I'm spraying Mace the whole time she's talking. But I didn't know Mace was going to affect me too. Everybody In the closet. And I got expelled from that school.


Then I went to go, I had to go to another school. Charles Evan Hughes got thrown outta that one for turning off all the lights in the school. Damn. Yeah. And then I went to one of them schools where all you gotta do is show up. You went to alternative school? Yeah. All you gotta do is show up. I got thrown outta that. Damn. So you realized school wasn't for you? Yeah. Yeah. I was, I just, I don't know. I was thinking funny. So let, I got thrown outta one school. 'cause I threw a chair off the roof. I didn't want to hurt nobody. But in my mind, I thought like a cartoon. I wanted to see them go and their eyes bont out their head and then run. I say, you could've killed. I didn't, I like, I had no concept of killing.


This is in, in like fifth grade. I didn't, I didn't, I wasn't trying to kill nobody. Right. But When you come home, okay, let this, you get thrown outta school. How do you go home and tell, or do the, do the school call and tell your mom and dad that we're expelling Damon? Or do you have to tell them? No, I get on the train and just ride it all day long. That's what I knew. Oh, so they didn't know you got expelled? They didn't know. No. When did you realize, say, You know what? School ain't for me. The hell with this? Once I started doing standup, well, like, no, I don't think it was standup. It was just, I, I I had to go to Job Corps.


Okay. Because it was that or jail. And so I went down to Breckenridge, Kentucky and it was the first time I ever saw a horse, like, like A real horse that wasn't on tv. You could actually touch it. Yeah. Oh yeah. Like, not one of 'em. Central Park Horse Just foam Out the mouth all day long. It was like a real horse. And it was the first time I flew on a plane. The first time I smelled fresh air, You know. And I got my GED down there. I my driver's license. Right. And I went for, what did I go for? I ended up taking accounting.


So I learned how to do You good with numbers. The Numbers. Right. And then I came back home and that was like the first time I went. Okay. I did something, I achieved something. The g you Felt a sense of accomplishment? Yes. The GED meant something. My parents were so proud. And then I got a job at American Express. Oh lord. I did, I got a job at American. I was in the mail room and then they promoted me to mail room supervisor because I had a way of making people laugh. Okay. You know, building like a, You know, like morale Rest. Right. So I had the late shift. I worked from seven o'clock to seven in the morning. Okay. And we had to, I always found a way, And I thank my dad for this, of making a job fun.


So we had to like, open up the mail. You get 550 envelopes, you gotta take 'em out, open it up. Then you have to decide, is this a change of address? Is this a return of a credit card? Is this, You know what, whatever it is, you had like Seven. So you had to manually do it. Right. And the, the, the quota was to do five boxes. I used to do 15. Wow. And I'd have my music on and I'd have my basket here And I would just go. And, because they had a machine that would open it for you. For you. Right. But I was that fast. And the, the, I remember the, the, the controller walked in one day that, that, that was his position, like the manager.


And he said, I never seen nothing like this. And I would make the other people in the mail room would say, man, slow down. You make us look Bad. Look bad. Yeah. But they made me the supervisor and then I had everybody giving them 10 boxes a night. Wow. Now standup, how do you go from being at American Express to the standup? I always admired Keenan. And then, so with Keenan, he would, I would go to the improv and watch him perform. And then sometimes I get, Keenan, you should try this joke, try this. And he would do it. And they would get laughs. And so that was the first time I ever thought, well, I thought about that.


He said it and got a laugh. Maybe if I used it for myself. Yeah. Maybe. I, I, right. And then Robert Townsend, one day I was still working at Smilers in the delicatessen. And Robert Townsend and Keenan were in a, like a little improv group. Right. It was like Reggie Van Johnson and Melvin George. There's like, like four people. And they brought me in 'cause Keenan told him Damon could do characters. So I'm just there and I'm just like doing all this stuff that me and Keenan would do all the time. Right. And I remember Robert's face like this, and he said, you got it.


And I didn't. I I, I had to go, You know, do the sandwiches to Mars. Like I didn't really like think about what he said. Right. And then in 1982, I was so proud of this. Kenan got his little sitcom. And I was telling my wife, You know, Lisa, I'm like, man, Keenan, Keenan, Keith says, You know what, you need to go do standup, otherwise I'm gonna go sleep with Keenan. 'cause you make him, you make him sound wonderful. So, So I started doing standup and the first time I went on stage, I fell in love with it. Right. And I didn't do good. I actually bombed, but I got one laugh. And, and comedy is like golf.


All you remember is the good shot. Yeah. You know what I mean? And that's, that's What everybody said. Everybody say you, you get, it's not the boo that you remember. It's that one. It is that one laugh that gets you hooked And you like, yeah, this is my calling. Yeah. I knew it. I knew it like, as, as, as I was doing it. Like, this feels good. Is it a high? Yeah, it's, it's, it's like a runner's high. Especially when you come off stage. You know, the thing is, when you're first starting out And you doing it, you come off stage. You can enjoy the high when you become, You know, famous or whatever, you, You know, people wanna, and it just ruins the high, You know what I mean? Like, you interact because you wanna like, enjoy that moment.


You have like, out of body experiences. Wow. You know, when you do stand, when you have a great show, right. It's like you just sit back going, watch this nigga work. Go. Yeah. Go. You know, And you, you forget about the pain in your back and, You know, just everything. It just feels right. So, yeah. It's definitely a, a runner's high. Wow. And so Now you're doing standup, you're like, okay, Now you don't wanna do anything else but that. Yeah. Or do you have, did you have another job? No, I had other jobs because I had to have, You know, I had kids, You know. Yeah. Standup ain't, wasn't paying like it is they were paying back then, huh? Right. Well, You know, standup would pay you a burger.


That's What you got. You got a free burger, maybe some fries. Right. And a soda. That's what, that was your pay. But, You know, then they had, they, they had a strike and they start giving you money for cabs and or gas money. Right. You know, so you can make $20 here, but You know, any real comedian that's really about it. Yeah. Hits the stage five times a night. So you're not just making, You know, $20, you're making $120. Right. You're making Right, right. You, you, so you can live off of, You Know, because back then that was, that was, that was good money. Yeah. Yeah. How did you and Eddie meet Through Keenan. Okay, so Eddie would come see me do standup.


Okay. He would bring Prince Rick James. He just thought like the stuff I was doing was really innovative and, You know, and, and then I started hanging out with him. And Keenan, You know, the first thing Eddie would do when he came out during like Saturday night Live, and he would call Keenan And I go, man, watch this buckwheat tonight. Watch buckwheat. Right. And buckwheat got shot. What? And I'm just like, so at the time I was doing standup before I met Eddie. I'm like, who is this Eddie Murphy everybody talking about? Right. Because as far as I was concerned, I was the next, right. Right. And then I watched him do James Brown getting in a hot tub. And I was like, this dude, Amazing. Amazing. Right?


And I, I became, You know, in awe of Eddie and when, and, and the fact that him and Keenan were like friends, right? As soon as he came out, Keenan, come on. And he, they hang out to the wee hours of the morning And you Tag it along, Tagging along Eddie was, would actually bring me, my wife and my sons on boat rides. Like, he would rent a yacht and go around the marina and it'd be, I was the only family of just all these pretty women. And Eddie and his boys. You were like, yeah. And Eddie would come over, always make time to come over and sit down with us and go, y'all got something special.


This is what I want. And he go, now I'm gonna get some. But You know, that was so wonderful for, for me and to, to see that life. Right. You know what I mean? Because I, I never had it on that level, You know? I mean, I was married from, You know, since 19, what, 84 or something like that. So I, I, I didn't Damn. You Ain't get a chance to enjoy the single life of your standup. I Did. I broke up my marriage. Don't worry, Don't worry. I broke up my marriage.


Oh, I joined it. I joined it. Oh yeah. And I regret it. Really? Yeah. Because You know, when in show business, you, you think that this chemistry you got with this person, this actress is like special and pure. And then what you don't realize is she gonna go do that on the next role with somebody else? Mm. And you be like, but I left my wife for you. You know what? Tell her the stuff you told my character. She'll take you back. You be like, damn. What? Yeah. Yeah.


All your renters out there, here's something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear. Now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash is gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage llc. Equal housing lender license in all 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


Discover the life-changing benefits of Meow Greens for your cat. Ever see your cat slowing down or having health issues and wonder what can I do to make them better? Well, my friend, add Meow Greens to your cat's food for 90 days And I guarantee you'll see changes that will amaze you. Greetings, I'm naturopathic Dr. Dennis Black Invent of Meow Greens And I invite you to take the Meow Greens 90 Day Challenge. In the first 30 days, you'll see shinier coats and increased energy. By day 60, your cat will have a stronger immune system, less shedding, improved joint function, all due to the live nutrients that you've added to their diet. And at 90 days, they're gonna have better digestion, reduce inflammation, improved heart health, And you may even have reduced their cancer risk. Fetch a free jumpstart trial bag for your cat today. Go to try meow greens.com. Use promo code. Try meow. That's try MEOW You discover the shipping. You don't have to change your cat's food to improve your cat's health. Just add a packet of Meow Greens.


You got an opportunity to know Eddie up close and personal. What is something about Eddie that you could share that people don't, wouldn't realize about him, that wouldn't know about him? The funniest guy of my generation, for sure. His mind is like a Rubik's Cube, the way he processes comedy. And he's one of the most giving people, Like, You know, Eddie can steal scenes. He doesn't have to steal scenes 'cause he's the star. Right? Right. But the one, the thing I learned from Eddie was letting other people shine. Mm. You bring somebody in, when I did the Banana man, I was still working in the mail room and he's like, he told Marty Breast the director, he gotta let 'em do it.


You gotta he wanted me to play the, the Brunson Hawk character. Okay. Right. Who did a wonderful job. I don't, but the director was like, nah, he's unseasoned everything. He said, alright, then let him do this one little scene. And Eddie was like laughing in the scene. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm with the biggest star in the world and he's making me feel funny and encourage me go, no, no, no serious this. And he says, and the director was like, we gotta move on. Eddie's gonna, no, we are gonna do this. And we got that take. And it was just like, just the fact that he cared enough, You know, to, to make sure that I shined was beautiful.


And then, You know, Eddie put on Robert Townsend, my brother, You know, all the people that he put on in this business. I don't think people really give him the credit. He, the credit he did Arsenio. He would on Arsenio show, You know, multiple times to support his friend. You know what I mean? Paul Mooney. Yeah. Eddie put everybody on. How did you get on, how did Beverly Beverly Hills cause happen? Eddie would see me do standup and he saw that character. He's like, you gotta do this. And he, he made them put me in the movie. Eddie SNL. A lot of people have gotten, nobody's been bigger than Eddie.


Right. SNL and blew up. I mean, there have been other guys, but nobody like Eddie. You was on SNL for I minute, half a season. What, what would you, what did you think what SNL was gonna be as opposed to what you got once you got on SNL? Well, I grew up, You know, when we wa watched Richard Pryor on SNL, You know the, the famous sketch with Chevy Chase and You know him with Lily Toblin playing the drunk. And You know, it's like, wow, he's bringing our flavor to this show. Right? 'cause before it was white, it was funny. Yeah. You know, John Belu brilliant.


And all those guys was brilliant, but it wasn't us. And then I was like, I was born to do this. Eddie had just left. Eddie actually came to my, You know, celebration party before I went to New York. 'cause I was living out here. And he told me, he said, look man, learn to write your own sketches. 'cause they gonna put you in it And you gonna hate it. They gonna give you black stuff to do. You gonna hate it. And so when I went there, he was right. And I was writing sketches. Right. But they would, they would shoot it down. This dude would like sit there and read my sketches in front of me and go, Oh, I just don't get it.


I just got tired of getting shot down. They would, You know, like, And I kept getting told, well we're trying to protect you from the, the Eddie's, You know, aura. Right. It's like Eddie's gone. And what I, I knew that the characters that I wanted to do were nothing like Eddie. There would be no comparison. You know? 'cause I didn't really do impressions. I didn't do the kind of stuff Eddie did. These are, You know, the funny thing is I did an interview for SNL and they showed me my audition tape in the audition. It's a 12 minute tape of me doing Homie the Clown.


Mm. Men on handyman. This seven characters that I did ultimately on in living color. In living color. That I showed them what I could do. And I was writing stuff for these characters kept getting shot down. So I just, I didn't care. I just, I just changed characters on them during a live show. And I was like, yeah, gimme the ball or let me go, Lemme ask you this. Were you becoming frustrated because you're like, I'm doing this and every time I try to do something, every turn you shoot it down. It's that. And then the stuff they were giving me, there was one sketch they wanted me to stand in a loincloth with, a spear with no lines.


So what the hell are you gonna be doing just standing there? I'm gonna be stabbing somebody with this spear If you Think I'm doing this. And I told 'em, I said, I can't do this. Right. My mother is gonna watch this show. I can't do this. And they're like, yeah, got it. You know, it's, you gotta service the peace. That's what I was told. Service the peace. I didn't do it. And then it was, So how do you say, how did you, how did you tell, how did you respectfully tell them? No, It wasn't respectful. I didn't, I just said, no, I don't care who you call. I'm not doing this. I didn't do it. Then we had a, this woman, DRA Vance, who is this, she was very talented, but she did it.


And I was like, DRA don't, if we stand together, it means something. You make me look crazy. She wanted that role. She wanted to be on Saturday Night Live that day. Yeah, she is. And this with this beer. Ha I'm trying to improvise. So what's the pay like on SNL? Nothing. I $1,500 a a week. So lemme because I, I'm always interested how, so how does explain to people at home, how does SNL work? So how often do you come in there? Like, okay, the show is gonna air Saturday night. Are you guys rehearsing during the course of the Week? Right? You come in Monday. Okay. It's a writer's night. Okay.


So you come in And you pitch ideas. Okay. Right. And then they say, yeah, go off and write 'em. So you start writing Tuesday, you, you write into Tuesday morning, and then we do the table read where they all, the collection of sketches you read probably 40, That's on a Wednesday. 45 sketches, like on a tu I forget if it was Tuesday or Wednesday. Okay. And then you start rehearsing. Okay. You start picking, okay. The sketches. And then you start rehearsing Friday and then till till Saturday then. And You're writing sketches. Kinda like what, what's, what's funny in today's, what, what's funny today? Because I remember I saw that when I had the Kat Williams, they ended up doing a spoof of cat. Right. So you guys are writing things or trying to like what's happening in the real world and make them funny.


I was writing character driven stuff. Okay. I wasn't writing like, 'cause here's the problem when you do kind of social political stuff Yeah. There are no good Nixon jokes. Right, right. It's dated. You date yourself because events happen and then something else happens. Right. And then people will figure, what was that? Right. So when you do characters, characters, cheeseburger, cheeseburger, cheeseburger is always gonna be funny. You know, He can have a real curb. Jane Brown, You know, all this stuff. Eddie did all right. You know, pump you up. You know, there's a bunch of catch phrases. Okay. That they, that, that are in the, You know, the, the zygote. Okay. Because of, You know, character driven comedy. That's what people relate to.


Right. Lemme ask you this, you were, you say you lasted half a season, but you were fired after one season? I did. I got fired after, no, after in, in, in the middle of the season. Are you the only one that's ever happened to, has anybody that You know of? I got fired live. I didn't even make the goodnights. Damn. Okay. They ain't let, they ain't let the curtain come down. I Didn't say goodnight. He said get the hell outta here. Who told you that? Lauren Michaels. He was red in the face. John Belushi Never did this to me. You ad-libbed, didn't you? I did more than that. I said get me outta here. Everything I did was to go.


But see God has plans. Right. Right. So in living color was my vindication. Did You know, hold on. You said you did everything you could to get fired. Did You know Keenan was in the process of doing No. No. 'cause this is in 86 and living color wasn't until 1990. Yeah. Right. So I was like, I was so angry when I was there. I was walking around, I had these shades on like black, like I guess they're Ray bands and they go, why are you wearing glass that says it's too white in here? Hurts my eyes. Damn. What you thought they were? I I I didn't want, well, You know, you get shot down.


The thing is like, now I was young. Right. I didn't know, I didn't understand producing a show knew use militant. Very, very, because I felt Like, You know, they were trying to Garrett Morris, me. Okay. Who? And Garrett Morris is a wonderful man. I love him. But back then, You know, they used him like a prop. Right. You know what I mean? And I, I, that's not why I did standup. I'm ready guys. I'm locked and loaded. You seen the tape, You know what I can do. But it wasn't meant to be. Right. What did Keenan say when you told him like, man, I ain't gonna be on SNL no more, bro.


Good. If they, if they're not gonna let you do what you do right, then You know, it, it, it doesn't make no sense to be there, then something else will happen. And the great thing about doing standup is, You know, after I did Saturday Night Live, I could get booked in comedy clubs and make good money because I'm, You know, featuring the guy who got fired from n Night Live. I can, I can use that. Right. Right. And so I was making, You know, standup allows you back then $10,000 a weekend. Damn. That's good money. Hell yeah. Good money was good. Money is right. More than I was making on SNL. Right. So it's like, yeah.


Okay. So I started doing standup and it's been a very Lucrative, Lucrative but fulfilling. It's, it's always good to know what that you don't have to do something. Right. Because I can make money. I can feed my family. Right. My dad ringing in my ear as long as I could feed my family. You can't touch me. Do you felt it was a situation because you came on so soon after Eddie left and many people believe Eddie had gotten too big for SNL and they didn't wanna run that same risk with you. That might've been some of it, You know, but I, I mean whatever it was, don't hire me if you don't want me. Right. You know what I mean? Don't hire me if you're not gonna let me shine.


Do. 'cause I can, I can do what Eddie did. I can do You know how many people watched the show when Eddie was doing it? Yes. Why don't you want them? Because they negate our audience. The audience that Eddie brought there. Yes. I was coming in thinking I would service them. You know what I mean? Black people would gimme me a shot to be funny. Right. Before they start comparing me, they, he trying to be Eddie. 'cause I got a different flavor. Right. Robert Downey Jr. Was also in your cast. He got fired after year too. Damn. Yeah. Robert, y'all were homeboys, huh? Yeah. So, so Robert Downey and Michael Anthony Hall, we called them the kids and they were the ones that, that, You know, thought I was funny.


So we would connect and they knew that it wasn't funny what we were doing. What? So we had all these like inside jokes about that sketch is not gonna work. And they, they knew how bad it was. So yeah. We became good friends. I love Robert. Yeah. Tracy Morgan said he felt culturally isolated on SNLs. Called it the whitest show in America. It is, it is. Because You know, I mean, I love Lauren Michaels to do anything for 50 years. That's a long time. You deserve your flowers, You know. But the, the, when you go up and look at the, the, the, the people who run the show, the writer's room, it's all white and it's not Like, You know, it's not like, It's not diverse like the people in Right.


It's not, You know, Neil Brennan is funny. The guy who wrote with Chappelle, You know, he's funny. But you got all these guys that come outta Harvard who write for like Magazine Magazine. Funny ain't funny. Yeah. They would do sketches like tornado ville. Yeah. So you go to this town where there's a tornado and people walking around with hangers in their head go, alright. But I'm like, well who are the people and what's the character with the hangar in his head? Right. What does he do? Why, what's funny about him? Right. You know, they didn't want to hear that. Right. Have you, have you talked to Tracy? I know he had an incident a couple of last week on the sideline.


He had food poison and then he at the Knicks game. I don't wanna talk to him with a six stomach and Get him with him. I can give him some Pepto Bismol Now. I love Tracy. Yeah. I met Tracy in New York in a, in a club in the middle of the winter. And I remember this 'cause he didn't have no shirt on and he was sweating. I'm like, It is four degrees outside where Jesus, I'm gonna get these girls pregnant. I'm here to get somebody pregnant. And he had a little big belly. I'm like, you look pregnant. Chris Rock, Chris.


Damn. Everybody getting fired from SNL Chris Rock. Yeah. And then he, then he tried out for in Living Color. Yeah. I think Mark also tried out for in living color. Probably. I But we were gone then you go Then. Yeah. We weren't there. How did, so when Keenan pitches in living color to you, what are you thinking? And you like, this is it, this is our chance. This is my chance to show my comedic genius. I'm whatever Keenan wanna do. You know what I mean? We did before, we did in living Color. He had done, I'm gonna get your suck. Yes. So, and then we had done the Robert Townsend partner in crimes. He had written, You know, sketches for that.


And You know, the funny thing is they told Kean asked Robert if he could direct some sketches and Robert's like, nah man, you too lazy. All you wanna do is chase girls. And He said, you gotta be disciplined to do this. And Keenan was hurt. Right. He was like, what Bro? We done hung out. We were chasing girls together, bro. And Now you Right. And so Keenan locked himself in his room for two weeks and wrote, I'm gonna get you sucker. Wow. And then he direct. But that was his fuel. Right. You know what I mean? That's exactly what he needed to hear. Right. And then when we did, I'm gonna get you sucker. It was so much fun. There's nothing like showing up to a set where it's a party and then you're filming.


You know what I mean? You're filming too. But the environment is just so fun and creative. And that's what In Living Color was. That's what I'm gonna get you Sucker and the Robert Townsend partner in crime. And then they paid you too. You know, but it was just the fun that we had is Right. What you take away from it.


Finals are here. And the only thing for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball This season it's been an amazing ride to get here full of unexpected happenings. Maybe there'll be more Get on only the action expected and unexpected with drafting sports book. With live betting exclusive content promos and parlays. Draft King, the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple First time. Here's something special just for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sports book. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app, bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get 150 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem Gamble. And call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


I'm You know, the thing is is that when you do standup And we saw the incident with Will and Chris, has it, have that ever happened to you? Has somebody ever ran up on stage or heckler ran up on stage or somebody run up on stage? I wish he may. You know how heavy that mic stand ism busted it too? The white meat? Nah, I, I've, You know, you get into situations where people heckle. Right. You know, but it, a man ain't gonna try you If you think he can get you. Exactly. If you stand your ground and, and You know, I learned this from my brother. It's like not everybody, every, a lot of people talk, but I'm gonna hit you first.


If I feel Threatened. Tension, you gotta get off Chopped right in the throat. You ever been chopped in your throat? I wish You would try to fight after this. Somebody Pop Right. It's quick. I don't wanna fight. Right. I'm 65 years old. Yeah. I ain't got, but I will. I ain't got that kind of wind, so. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We, I ain't rustling you ain't going to build your rep off me. But you, you were in Bamboozle with Jada. Yeah. Love Jada. Yeah, we had a great time. Spike Lee was so generous and just like this Awesome. It was an awesome experience because this is the first time he actually used 10 cameras at one time and Spike would go, all right Damon, And you come in, you you all I need you to do is not put your hand down 'cause there's a camera, camera here.


So that's the kind of direction he would give you. But because he believed in what I was doing in the rehearsal and so it was really about Wow we were doing like 200 setups in a day. That's like ridiculous. Yeah. You know, but he was like really brilliant with that. And Jada, we had so much fun on that and just taking chances and You know, what happens is show business changes. You Really? Yeah. Because You know, you and, And I don't, I'm not speaking on Jada. I'm talking about in general only God should be famous And you see how he do it.


He's staying visible. 'cause You know, people stupid. You know, because it's, it's a psychological, this guys are all messed up and they out there partying and, and, and it's never enough because it's not what, you don't deserve this. You don't deserve to have a threesome. Go back to the ghetto where you came from. Get you What you get, get, And then you, you deserve. It ain't never happened. And, and the thing is, when you look yourself in the mirror, You know, you ain't, you put, you gotta put on a, these errors and pretend that you deserve it. 'cause you don't.


Wow. I'm looking at some of the, the, the, the people that was only living color, you became even bigger. David Allen Greer, Jamie Fox, Jim Carey And I had Marlon and, and Marlon said JLo that what you call it? JLo. JLo. Yeah. And he said he knew. Did You know Jim Carrey was gonna be that? Yeah. I'm the one that brought Jim to Keenan. So me and Jim used to be in the comedy club. Right. Jim Carrey is a master impressionist. Yes. Like he, he does like, like Sean Penn. Yeah. Like we are like, like Michael Landon.


Like he would get standing ovations in a comedy club doing a 20 minute set. Now any comedian will tell you that's damn near impossible. There's few and far between that can do that. That's how good he was. But he hated doing the impressions. 'cause people thought that's all he did. Right. So me and him, after Sam Kenon made it like we, we made a pact that we're gonna push each other. So he would go on stage, he couldn't do his impressions And we just yell out stuff to him and, And I, he would do the same thing for me And we would just challenge each other on stage. He had nothing to lose. Right. You know. But Jim, I truly knew he was special.


Special. And it, it didn't take Keenan long to go. He's the guy. Wow. Because they saw every white boy in Hollywood for that role. Right. And when he came in with fire marks. Yeah. He did that on stage. The comedy store. He was messing around with a, a match right. On stage. Lemme tell you Something, but he, but the one thing he's always, he's given your family and Keenan and yourself, your flowers. He says, when Hollywood turned their back on me and didn't believe in me, this black family did and they gave me a platform. He's our Eminem.


Y'all did for him what Dr. Dre did for them, huh? Yeah. But but listen, when I still, when I see Jim, it's all love. It's, it's like, that's how You know Y y your family. It's like when you see your old teammates Yeah. You just pick up like it was yesterday. You don't wanna see me man. Where you, why you call? It's none of that. It's just like instant, instant connection. Right. And we just talk about, You know, anything without resentment, without it's, it's just love. David Allen Greer, Tommy, You know. Yeah. Tommy DI forgot about Tommy. Yeah. Yeah. We all, it's all love Jamie. And because we, we we fought a fine fight And we won.


How did the hell did Keenan convince Fox? Well, it's not so convinced now because, You know, they kind of do, they kind of go against the grain over there. But how did he convince him at that time to put a living color what you guys were doing on the air? Well the funny thing is they came to him after they saw, I'm gonna get you sucker, the reaction. They didn't, they were like, what the hell? Like, people would get up and run out the theater, You know, And we laugh. We Yeah. People teeth Falling out. Yeah. Yeah. And they didn't understand it. Right. And they wanted to meet with him immediately and they was like, look. And so Kena took this meeting thinking that they wanted to do a film deal With a movie.


Yeah. Right. So he's in there and they're telling him about, You know, how great it is And we want that kind of edge. And they say, we gotta network. We, we are going, we are going to do a new network coming up. And Keenan was like, okay, the meeting is over. And he went to walk out the door and he goes, wait, wait, wait. You can do anything. You wanna do Anything. That part. And that's actually a lyric in, in Living Color song. Yeah. You can do what you wanna do. The thing is living color, we did do anything we want. And then, so we were a mid-season replacement. Right. Supposed to come out in February or something. Right.


And they got it. They were so scared of it that they went to the JDL, they went to the NAACP push, You know, everybody to try to get them to sign off. And they would like give us money, we'll sign off for it. And then they, You know, it's like they, they was like, they didn't know what to do. So we missed that window. We missed the fall season. 'cause they still didn't want to know what to do. And then Barry dealer just went, You know what, put it on. Let's see if it's, if people are having this kind of reaction to it, let's put it on. That's what we wanted. And then the, the rest is history. Wow.


Ooh. That. So Now you go from, did you feel Vindication going from SNL to living color? Because everything that you did on in Living Color, you had tried to do on SNL. And they said, nah, it ain't gonna go. And Now you, you are getting rave reviews. Everybody's talking about Homey Clown. They still talk about homey clown Hoy Clowns on t-shirt. Hilarious. No, I ain't getting no money for that. Thank you for telling me You shoulda have copyrighted homie. Well, the, the thing is, it's, it's all good. It's, You know, it's love and, and You know, everybody gotta eat. It's okay. Vindication. No, I think it Validation.


Yeah. But in living color was the validation. Okay. It, it had nothing to do with SNL that I, I buried that as soon as I left, it was like, I never looked back. What thing they called you to come back? You the whip back. I, I would host it And I would host it. I did host one and, and he brought me back to do standup at the left. You know, Lauren is very forgiving, You know, but he had to show me who's boss and that's fine. Right. You know, but in the end, he know, And I know that it was the best thing for me to be off the show. Right. I saw Jerry Seinfeld explaining the importance of failing it, doing it your way. 'cause a lot of people, And I I've, I've said this about sports, a lot of times people would've rather lose their way than win someone else's way because they lose themself. That's not who they are.


Right. And it seems to me that you's like, look, if I'm gonna go down, I'm gonna go down doing things my way. I'm not finna go down doing it your way because I'm not being authentic to myself. Right. But I al I had already gotten the warning from Eddie. Right, right. So when I walked in, I knew it wasn't a team. We weren't playing team ball. Oh, okay. I was the on the team. So I just knew that I, You know, this ain't, and what he was saying was playing itself out in front of me. Right. So I, You know, when you talk about sports, sports is a team Is a team game. Yes. Game. Right. You know, And you can be the best person in the, in the game. Right. But it's If the team, if the team don't play well around you, you lose.


Right. But if you, and if you try to take all the glory, then people praying for your downfall and it may not block the next time. True. Right. True. Yeah. So you got, you have to, You know, these are your brothers that you are out there trying to, You know, compete in this war. It is. The football's a war. Basketball's a war. Right. I read that some celebrities would get upset with you when you would make fun of them or use them in your sketches. Did they ever approach you? I saw Mike Tyson, Whitney Houston, mc Hammer, did they ever come And you say, bro, come on now. That's Enough. Yeah. Mike Tyson rolled up on me in a jewelry store. You talking about scared.


I wanted to show my foot. I got Club Foot, Mike No, please, Mike. But he, it was like he was playing, but he wa he's so strong. Right. He grabbed me and he, he bit me on my neck. Now. You So that was the thing. That was, that was, yeah. Before Evander. And I just felt, I still remember his high. I could feel his hot. I was like, Ooh. And he was, but he was playing. Right. Right. But Mike, here's the interesting thing. Mike Tyson loves my family and it's not because of me. He was at some event with my mother. And my mother sat and said, introduced herself to him.


And she said, I'm the, You know, Mrs. Waynes, he said, oh, your kids, they make, And I don't like, they, they maize me. They, they're always making jokes. And my mother said, oh, shut up. They didn't love you. They wouldn't do you. Wow. And Mike Tyson was like, I fell in love with your family right there. I just, it just, if anything ever happened with you and your family, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm going to eat through people. But he loved just, I guess that's, it felt like a mother to him. Right. You know, she just, he said I could have knocked your mom out, but she just, she, she reprimanded me.


It was like beautiful. 'cause he did wanna beat Kenan up And Eddie was trying to instigate it. He was gonna kick his door down and beat him up. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted And you can access it to whichever pla podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Shehe profile and I'll see you


there. Discover the life-changing benefits of Meow Greens for your cat. Ever see your cat slowing down or having health issues and wonder what can I do to make them better? Well my friend, add Meow Greens to your cat's food for 90 days And I guarantee you'll see changes that will amaze you. Greetings, I'm naturopathic Dr. Dennis Black Invent of Meow Greens And I invite you to take the Meow Greens 90 Day Challenge. In the first 30 days, you'll see shinier coats and increased energy. By day 60, your cat will have a stronger immune system, less shedding improved joint function, all due to the live nutrients that you've added to their diet. And at 90 days, they're gonna have better digestion, reduced inflammation, improved heart health, And you may even have reduced their cancer risk. Fetch a free Jumpstart trial bag for your cat today. Go to try meow greens.com. Use promo code. Try meow. That's try MEOW You discover the shipping. You don't have to change your cat's food. To improve your cat's health, just add a packet of Meow Greens


For a limited time. At Verizon, you can get our best price ever for a single line. Just $45 per month when you bring your phone, which is less than you spend on two Tired To cook takeout every week. Get one line on unlimited welcome for $45 per month with auto paid plus taxes and fees. Visit your local Verizon store today. $20 monthly promo credit supplied over 36 months with a new line on unlimited welcome. In times of congestion unlimited 5G and 4G LTE may be temporarily slower than other traffic, domestic data roaming at two G speeds. Additional terms apply.