
This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal, you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games, Go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal. Download the app. Now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


The forties and free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes, Sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and oh sports. This Kind of starts that a little bit, man. We met them at their homes. We met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. I'm ready to fight. Oh, this is Fighting Words. Okay, I'll put the hammer back. Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America.


Now, more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. Part of the power of black queer creativity is the fact that we got us, You know, We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Volume WWE World. Please welcome to the stage your hosts. Jeff Teague, DJ Wells and Brandon Hendrick.


Yo. Yo. Yo. What's going on? How y'all doing? We go by the name of Club five 20. We come from Indianapolis, Indiana. We out here in Vegas with it. WWE World WrestleMania. Man. It's a blessing to be out here, man. I got my esteem. Co-host with me to my far left. I got my dog Bishop. Be here out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty. What's up baby? What's up WrestleMania Las Vegas. Yes sir. We see my guys out there. What's up boy? For sure. We locked in to my far ride. We got my dog. Young Nacho, young T How you what brother? I'm cooling bro. Happy to be here, man. I'm excited. We got a, we got a great show for you guys. Everything should be lit, man. We are excited man.


Shout out to John for providing us this wonderful opportunity, man. But listen man, it ain't just us. We got a wonderful guest for y'all, man. It's to Tom, one of the best to ever do Hall of Fame. One of the best Booker T Man. Bring him on out. Can you dig it? Dig it. Sucker. Sucker.


Come on man. You hear the chance five times. Five times, five times. Tom Feels good. Feels damn good. Yes sir. Man, first and foremost, we wanted to say thank you man. We are honored to have a legend in our presence, man, on our platform. We talk about you so much, especially young Nacho over here, man. So for you to be up here with us is a blessing man. We appreciate you sliding on this man Already, dog, already. It's WrestleMania C happy mania everybody. Yes sir. Oh yes man. A professional man. But listen man, we're gonna start the episode off, right man, shout out to Sean. It's called Making and Milestones. Now listen, You know you're very successful man. You done a lot of things, your career. I want to ask you, what's that first time where you was just like, alright, I made it.


Maybe nothing crazy. Maybe not the home or the house, but it's just like, alright, I'm established now. No, I never really thought about it like that. But I remember, I think, You know, it was actually like in 1991, actually it was when I first got started and I started in this company called the Global Wrestling Federation. And I was on ESPN, You know, every, every week on television. But I was only making like a hundred bucks, You know, to do the show. And I remember going to the Virgin Islands and everybody, all the brothers on the island knew me and I was like, oh shit, I'm here.


You know what I mean? What's Up, Quin? Exactly. You know what I mean? I was like, I think maybe I need to quit my job. You know, I was working at this warehouse and I was like, maybe I need to quit my job and, and really, really pursue professional wrestling. And I think that's when the light bulb really went off, Man. That is dope man.


And listen man, we know everything is expensive nowadays. Prices is going up for everything. But listen, this are some of the things that Chime could benefit from you to help you with a credit card. Secure credit card. For sure. Listen, all you gotta do is tap in with this because you can help you plan for some of those vacations. Like Booker's talking about, hey, even if it's just saving on your house and your card payment Chime secure credit card can help you with that. It is a credit builder. Listen Visa credit card, no annual fees, no interest. Just check to apply. You can use it anywhere that you can Use a credit card man. Build that credit up and get right. So you can go on the trip like Booker T, you feel me? Use it for all your everyday purchases. Start towards your financial success, financial goals for time, secure credit card, man, tap in. Make some noise for time one time. We're bringing this out here So, And y'all know we gotta read these claimers to make sure y'all don't get no troubles with 'em. Listen, the chime credit card builder is Visa credit card is issued by the Bank of Corp na or try Bank Na spot me eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply Chime credit account required to apply out of the network at TM Withdrawal. Y'all know them at t Fees get crazy. Yeah, check on those as well. Timing depends on submission. A payment file, late payment may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. Go to chime.com/disclosures for full detail. One more time for Chime man.


Yeah, It's called Paying the Bills man. Yeah, Go Bob Baby Book. I got a question. What's your question? Duck Man. Where? Where's your first name come from? Black Snow bro. Oh man. Black Snow. Where? Black Snow come from. Black snow man. Actually I went to this hotel downtown, the W Hotel, I think it was downtown Houston and I went to go see this spoken word and it was this brother and his name was Black Snow. Yeah. And he did this awesome, awesome poem and it was about Ms. Jackson and her three boys. Okay. And I was so enthralled with this dude man because he totally captured me and I say, man, one day I gotta bring black snow to the big stage.


You know what I mean? So, okay. That's how it was. I was just paying Hummocks to a brother who inspired me Man. Oh okay. Love bro. Yeah. Hey man, that's Fire Booker T Orders. You was woke early on Big Dog. I also heard you was a drum major too, man in high school, bro. Yeah man, I was a dancer. Big stepper. I was a dancer man. I never played sports or anything like that and, but I used to be, You know, part of a crew. We used to be called the the Remote controls. We was bad man. We was bad. That's crazy. Excuse me, that's a hell of a name too. Yeah, right. Hell of a name. Yeah. That's when the remote show first came out. What year was it? Hold on book.


What year was it? We ain't gonna even talk About that. What year was that? Black Snow Remote and Choker. Y'all got some names of y'all on this? No man, You know, but yeah, I was a drum major in school man. I was, I was kind of like a nerd. I used to make my own clothes and stuff like that. Oh that, that, You know, but kinda like sc to me into the person I am today though. Oh Okay. That's where the Spin Rooney coming From. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was break dancing on my auntie's front porch man. We had to cardboard box man. It used to be cold out there. I remember. That's what I remember mo most about. You know the spin Rudy, those cold, cold nights, You know, working, try trying to figure it out on the patio 'cause we couldn't do it in the house.


Yeah. You know, on the patio man. But no man. Great memories. Great. What music was y'all dancing to? Kraft Work man. Kraft Work Numbers. Okay. This, that's this song called Numbers was one of the hottest songs back in the day. This group called Kraft Work, I think they was from Japan and Bad Bad Man. So if y'all ever get a chance, check out some craft work. You you, you millennials. You Millennials. Alright Now listen, we got a lot of questions about your origins, but I think for b he, myself and t and probably the fans as well, we have one question that we got at start off with. Yeah. Come on man. Hulk Hogan, We coming for you man.


What happened right there? Iconic moment in wrestling history. What happened right there? Man. Hey man, I'm from the neighborhood. I'm from the neighborhood and that's a word that that You know, just to educate, just to get, educate everybody. That's a word in my neighborhood that was used on a regular basis. Yes sir. But, but I can tell you other than that one moment, that's the only time that any of my peers has ever heard me say that word. Mm. And the reason why I feel like that was perhaps the most memorable moment in my career from a negative standpoint because I got so many young black kids looking up to me.


Yeah. And if they, they see Booker T they say, if Booker T could say that word, it's cool for them to say it. And my thing is with young black kids, I always try to teach them that you gotta know how to change your levels. You know what I mean? When you go in for a job interview, you gotta know how to conduct yourself when you are on television in front of millions of people, you gotta know how to conduct yourself. And for me, that word I feel like should be eradicated from all of our, our our, our, our our vocabularies as black folk. Because we are the only ones that look at ourselves and, and look down on, on ourselves. That's why I feel like that moment for me was one of the worst moments in my career because so many young black kids as well as white kids, Mexican kids, bad bunny, bad bunny, You know, as a kid looked up the Booker T.


So I just wanna make sure I represent properly most De Now it's interesting that you say that because You know what I'm saying, A lot of us love that moment, obviously just because we've all been there from a mental standpoint just seeing it happen. It's like that no doubt. But then we look at other situations like with Kirk Angle it's saying his preferred choice of a name saying I know you guys revere that, but that's something that hurts me. So from here you said it was like, You know, yeah you guys love that. But that's like not one of my proudest moments. No, that's just an interesting perspective from that situation for sure. I mean, like I said, I'm from the neighborhood. Yes sir. But, but, but like I say, I wouldn't have made it at this far in this bitch just 35 years. Guys make some Noise for that 35 Years. I been, I know I still look like I'm in my thirties.


I get it. He only 35 Mr. Hair Color. I'm 35. You've been in business since I was a kid. Exactly my point. But you don't make it that far by osmosis. You don't make it that far by slipping on a banana peel. Yeah. I mean preparation is the only luck you're gonna have in life, let alone this bitches. No, for sure. That for sure. But we gotta take it back. So I'm a fan fan, I've always watching wrestling since I was a little kid. And I remember you back in the WCW days and I fell in love with you with Harlem Heat and Stevie Ray, you and your brother, y'all came out with that theme song and that music. And like you said, as a young black kid, I seen y'all on TV and I'm like, oh shit.


Like they wrestle like, yeah, yeah, yeah. And that moment right there made me fall in love with wrestling. So when they said we had Booker T on the show, I'm like, nah, he was deep. Nah, I was fanned out and they make fun of me 'cause I lift weights and he called me Booker T every Day. Nah, man, representation man is Yes sir. Is very, very important. You know, when I was coming up, I got a chance to watch JYD the junkyard dog. He was, he was my guy that I looked at and said, man, I wanna be like that dude, man, I wanna represent like that dude. And for me and my brother, we got that chance, You know, we say, let's just get our foot in the door. That's the only thing we need. Just let us get our foot in the door and we'll do the rest. And man, we had a hell of a run 10 time WCW Tag Team champions along with our sister Sherry Martel.


Yeah, man. And we beat the hell outta Buff Bagwell in the Patriot, the nasty boys, the Steiners man. We beat the hell outta all those guys, man. Yeah. And it, and it felt damn good being able to go out there and, You know, put ourselves in position where like young people like yourself was watching us, but so many others around the world to inspire, to be able to inspire, to be able to be the best that you possibly could be in this world, man. But nah, I appreciate that. Did you Introduce your brother to wrestling or Nah. Nah, my brother introduced me to wrestling. Actually. I had came home, everybody know my story. I came home from prison and, but my brother, he always wanted to be a wrestler and my, and and he knew this guy opening a wrestling school guy by the name of Ivan Puke, who's a ww e Hall of Famer as well.


Yep. And he was like, Hey man, you want to go to this wrestling school? And, and I was like, man, I, You know, I'd love to, but it was $3,000 and I didn't have the money to go to the school. And my boss that I was working for sponsored me to go to the school. And my brother and I, we went at the same time, but I always say that I'm living my brother's dream, You know what I mean? This is something my brother wanted to do. And then I, I, my brother had a tryout and I just followed my brother to the tryout. And, and, and one of the guys by the name of hot stuff, Eddie Gilbert was there and he said, who's this guy? And he goes, that's my brother. Is he a worker? He goes, yes. Well we looking for a tag team.


Boom. There it is. The beginning of the ENY experience, which came on along later on to become the Harlem Heat. Yeah, man. Oh, great time. Yeah.


From the play games all the way to the finals, now is the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase scorer. Ready to place your first bet? Download Draftking Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets. Easily make it a playoff for want to remember with DraftKings? Download a DraftKings sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio.


This is DJ Wells from Club five 20 podcast. And this show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to two 50 per session, which adds up pretty fast. But with BetterHelp online therapy, you can save up to an average of 50% per session. Therapy should feel very accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything from anxiety to everyday stress. It's helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries and it empowers you to be the best version of yourself. With over 30,000 therapists, BetterHelp is the world's largest or online therapy platform have been served over 5 million people globally. It's convenient too. You can join the session with just a click of a button, helping you fit therapy into a busy life. Plus switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash club to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp help h eop.com/club.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool. The forties and free agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft.


So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, listen To the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is Courtside with Laura Corte, the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura, the founder and CEO of Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports. From the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women. On the pitch, we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes, and the investors betting big on women's sports.


We'll break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment, so if you're not paying attention, you are already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of Women's Sports. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought To you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network. For sure, man, be Here. You gotta know their first name though. What? Yeah. Ebony. Ebony experience, man.


The what? The Ebony experience. Bad man. Booker Booker T and Stevie. Right. The Ebony experience. That's a, that's just like the remote controls man. I was about to say it's elevated now. You know why we would there? The Ebo, the Ebony experience. It was this black wrestler back in the day he used to wear a mask and his name was Mr. Ebony and he used to get his ass whooped every time we say we gonna represent for Mr. Ebony properly. Okay. And became the Ebony experience. Okay. Alright. That's hard because I got something called the Hendricks experience that home. So we want the same all It was definitely the show. It might be two different programs though.


Definitely two different Word. Most definitely. Listen, man, so many questions about historic career. I know we talked about this when you kind of have first transitioned over from WCW to WWE, now you part one of the most historic matches. And we see a lot of these people on Instagram now, they doing like the independent wrestling type situation where they out in the airport with it, they out in the streets with it. But y'all was one of the first to go to the supermarket with it. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Please talk to about that historic bad situation, man. Nah, man. The grocery store fight with Steve Austin. You know, it was an Iconic moment. I never, I never imagined it, You know, weathering the storm and, You know, lasting more than 20, 20 years.


I, I never imagined that or anything. Steve and I, we were just going out and, and creating, You know, work, creating some magic and doing what we do best. And that's entertain the fans at that point in time. It was, it was. That was, that's, that was called the payoff, which, You know, it was time for me to put Steve Austin in the, in the proper position and, and for me to do it to the best of my ability. I watched that video literally six months ago for the first time. Wow. All right. Wow. Six months ago. The first time I watched the Stone Cold, Steve Austin and Booker T in the grocery store. And I swear to God, I cried real tears from the beginning of it to the end because it was that damn funny.


I mean, I did some of my best work because I was crying, I was begging, I was bargaining, I was bleeding, I was, I was doing everything to get outta that ass whooping open. But at the end of it, man, it was some really, really beautiful work in one of wwe e's most Iconic moments to where they play it every year around this time. Right, Definitely. I know we skipped over to wwe, but I like to take it back to WCW when you actually won the championship. And I know it was in a controversial way with Vince Russo and Hulk Hogan when they did what they did, but Jeff Jart came out and laid down, but then you fought later that night and won a championship.


Like what was that moment for you? You know, that, that night with, when I won the championship, You know, and the stuff went down with Ho Hogan and Vince Russo. I, I really feel like if that wouldn't have happened, my, my championship win wouldn't have been as big. Hmm. I think I've really needed all of that chaos in order for, for people to really understand what was really, really going on when I finally won the championship. But it was a great moment. It was a great moment. I had about, I had about literally five to 10 minutes to prepare for winning the World Heavyweight Championship my first time.


And, but I think Jeff Jart more than anything. I, I think Jeff Jart because man, he was such a professional and he went out there and made me feel so comfortable and put me in the perfect position to go out there and become the world heavyweight champion for the first time. If it wasn't for Jeff Jar, I don't know if it would've would've ever happened, You know? So I, I really think that dude, man. But what was going through my mind was, I I I tell you it was, it was a surreal moment because winning the World Heavyweight championship was a, a moment that I never thought about. I I never put myself in that position. I always just wanted to be the best damn wrestler in that locker room.


I always used to tell the guys, go follow that. You know what I mean? You know, I'm top five in the world. That's, that's what I used to say. And then when it came time for me to actually win it, I questioned myself because I wondered if the fans would actually, You know, take me being in that position as world heavyweight champion. And I remember winning that night and I went to my hotel room and I sat on the edge of my bed for, I don't know, maybe an hour. And I, and I didn't even go out and I didn't party or anything. I didn't, I didn't have one drink that night. And I went to sleep and I woke up the next morning, I had TV for, for Nitro. And man, I realized everybody had partied for me that night.


Everybody was so freaking glad I won the World Everywhere championship and man, that really put a stamp of approval on, on that moment for me. It really did. Oh, for sure. Definitely. You talk about it being one of the most celebrated, You know what I'm saying, wrestlers around, not even from the fans who obviously love you, but from your peers because what people don't know is that's a grind. If you could, could you tell us what a day in the life as a professional wrestler's like, You know? Well, actually it's a, it's a grind. A a day is, is really hard to explain. Maybe say years. Okay. I never, like, throughout my whole wrestling career, every time I, I was watching football on Sunday, it was in an arena.


It was never at home. Mm. Alright. So I was on the road constantly. I remember when I, when I joined and sign with WWEI used to have a boat in, in WCW and I used to go on my boat every weekend. I'd be out fishing, hanging out, drinking a beer, having fun. Then I signed with WE and I was, I, I worked grind, grind. And one day I went to go fishing on my boat. All right. So I had to go get a new sticker put on my boat and I realized it was 2005, four years later, that's how much I had been working. Wow. I hadn't been out on my boat in four years.


So it's a grind. It's a constant grind. You gotta have blinders on. It's, it's a, it's, it's one of those when you hear no days off. That's a true statement. I remember watching the documentary with Jake to Snake Roberts beyond the mat. And he said, You know, when you sign that WWE contract, he was talking to his daughter. He said, when you sign that WWE contract baby, you are obligated to work every day best to grind. So for me, I never took any vacations or anything like that throughout my career.


My wife and I, we got married. I didn't take a honeymoon. All of that stuff came later. It was all about getting through this thing, finishing it properly, and getting to those other side. And then enjoying the fruits of the labor like I'm doing right now. I'm living my best life just turned, just turned 60. And I, and I feel Good. Belated bro. Look good. They're looking Good. Yeah. That's something you can relate to. Jeff obviously would've being a professional athlete, You know what I'm saying? Y'all schedules are so crazy. People don't understand the sacrifice that goes into that for your craft. Yeah. You definitely sacrificed a lot, especially your family time. But it's nowhere near being a wrestler. I mean, like he said, it's every single day we get almost six, five to six months off in the summer to have that time to spend with your family and stuff like that.


But for him to do it all year round and for the fans, we really appreciate it. 'cause we're fans, we love it. But man, that's unbelievable. No way in hell I could do it. Yeah, Well it's, You know, it's, it's about managing that time too because You know, it's not a matter of if you're gonna get hurt, it's just a matter of when, You know. So for me, I always thought about, You know, working a certain way on the house show, working a certain way on TV overseas, You know what I mean? Pay-per-view. Everything was different. Structuring, You know, the workouts, You know, like on the road I would just do pushups and the rubber band. A lot of baby all No did No diddy, no did.


Man, come on down. Come on. We'll get see though. Hey, why y'all claiming for baby boy? Y'all outta pocket My fault. My fault. No, my No doubt. What what hobbies you got now though? Post-retirement man. What you pick up? What you doing like to, You know, entertain yourself now? Like what, what you Retirement? Retirement? Nah, he talking about retirement. Yeah, he retired. He, you ain't retired. I'm talking about from the ring though. I'm sure you got a little bit more down. I just had a match like two months ago. I just beat the hell outta zilla far too. The next big star coming in this, are you wrestling fourth? Nah, nah. I'm, I'm busy with my wrestling school.


Okay. Reality of wrestling. If you guys haven't tapped in the reality of wrestling all Dub at end, make Sure you subscribe, You know what I mean? You know, and click, You know, all that stuff. We're trying to get up to a million YouTube subscribers right now. We are at 850,000 subscribers now. But I'm, I'm, I'm working with my own television show, working with my students. I've had my school now for 20 years. Wow. Congratulations. I love playing golf. Yeah. You know what I mean? Getting out on the golf course, You know, hitting the links, You know, just to, You know, stay stress free more than anything. Staying in the gym. That's, that's one of my all, all time hobbies that I hope to have.


As long as I live. I ask God, You know, just give me my, give me my health. Yeah. More than anything. I don't ask for money, You know, man, make the money. You know what I mean? Just give me my health and I, and I'll get the work done. I ask God, You know, just let me finish my work, You know, and then we'll meet in the middle. You know what I mean? So, but nah man, I'm, I'm all about, You know, retirement is not something I think about. You know, when, when I retire, I think I'll be six feet under. It's about, You know, staying, staying on the grind. It's about what's next. It's not about the past, You know what I mean? It's truly about the future and what's next, You know? So I'm thinking about my 10 year plan, man.


I'm working on my 10 year plan. What's gonna happen over these next 10 years? What can I create over these next 10 years more than anything? Yeah. Now who does Booker T model his golf game after? Probably definitely not a Tiger Woods or anything like that. I'm way on the down. I'm, I'm I'm way down here. Alright, Tiger and Charles bark. I would say Charles, I wouldn't say Charles bark. I ain't that far down. I'm in the middle. I'm in the middle somewhere. I would say it's Charles and I in middle, So, nah, I wanted to ask, I'm a, like I said, I'm a huge fan.


Your first WrestleMania moment when you came over from ww w cw, you had your chance to be at WrestleMania. We here WrestleMania weekend. What was your first moment like? Man, it was, it was surreal being in Canada. Yeah. Going against edge. Yep. I remember walking out the curtain and I remember before I walked out to Kurt and I remember an undertaker, he was sitting in what we call the gorilla position and he said, make sure you take it all in. And I I, I really didn't think about that before he said that. And then I walked out on stage and I stopped and I just looked around. There was like 70,000 people and I was like, wow man, this is fricking this is awesome because you got gotta think about it.


70,000 people coming to see that 20 by 20 square foot. That's all it. That's it. That's it. You know what I mean? It is not a football field or anything. Like that's 20 by 20 and for them to come to see you, the ones that have those signs up, You know what I mean? Yeah. You know, it's awesome. It's a, it is the most, You know, adrenaline rush you're ever gonna have. Nothing, nothing. What is ever gonna top that moment, You know? So get that outta your head, You know what I mean? When it's all over with, take it and savor that moment and hopefully you'll get a few more of those moments, You know. And for me, You know, I I, I definitely got a chance to have many more of those WrestleMania moments, but for, for young people that's getting into this business that's, You know, that, that, think about it and wonder about it.


I say, man, go out there and work your ass off to, to really make it happen. To, to have that WrestleMania moment at least just one time. Trust me man. Something you'll remember for the rest of your life. Right? Definitely. I ain't gonna lie, I'm still mad. I know you won a chip before here. You came champion one time, but at WrestleMania when you fought Triple H you were so over like you were supposed to be the champion that night. You know what, a lot of so many people, a lot of office guys told me, man, you should have won that night. I thought you should have won. You know what I mean? And, and, and with the angle, yeah. Perhaps I should have won that night for sure.


You know. But honestly I never really, I never really, I never really lost any sleep over it or anything like that. Mm. Yeah. I always looked at wrestling a certain way. I always looked at it as a performance. And I, I I, I always say guys, I always say if they gimme that damn check every time I take the hell, okay, because that was a mo to check man, you feel me? Yeah. Took sunglasses off and I need that chicken Run that bag for sure.


Come on. I feel that. I feel that. I definitely feel that. Nah. Alright. But you did win a championship. No, but, but I tell you what, I left everything in the ring that night. Nah, you did. I went out and performed my ass off. I didn't win but I still won. I still won. 'cause I'm a kid. I'm a kid from South Park, Texas. Mm. Who dropped outta school in the 10th grade who went to prison. Alright. Got locked up, came out and found myself in the main event of WrestleMania. Alright. Yeah. Damn it that, that, that's a win. That's a story. That's a win. Nah, for sure. Any way you look at it, any way you look at it, that's a win.


Nah, for Sure. That's definitely a win. But you did win a championship and you won it in my hometown, Indianapolis, Indiana. I happened to be watching, but I was sick. I couldn't be there. But shout out to Chime. I'm be able to be at WrestleMania now, but I was mad I couldn't be there for the Great American Bash. But I'm glad you won that championship. We was overdue for us WW fans, Booker T fans. I was excited, glad you had that moment. What was that like? You, you, you said, you just said something earlier till you said when I, when I at WrestleMania 19 against Hunter, you said I was over. Yeah. I should have won. Yeah, it was shit in two, in 2006. I was way more over the here bro. King book.


King Book King Booka. Yeah. I mean, come on. I mean the greatest king of them all the most the revered king of the all not, You know what man that was, that was like some of the best time, the best time in my wrestling career with my lovely Queen Char Charmel and my side where she actually won Ms. Black America in India, Indianapolis, Indiana as well. That was a moment. Oh us man, Ray Mysterio. I give him big props, man, because what a worker. What a worker man. I couldn't have did it without him. But that moment, that was, that was my crowning moment. That was the moment for me that really put the icing on the cake As far as my career goes, You know,


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


The forties and free agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason and How teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


This is Courtside with Laura Carenti, the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura, the founder and CEO of Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports. From the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women. On the pitch, we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes, and the investors betting big on women's sports. We'll break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment, so if you're not paying attention, you are already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of Women's Sports Courtside with Laura Corti and iHeart Women's Sports Production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In A very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star studded a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice To allow players, all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne for Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug fan Benny the Butcher, Brent Smith from Shinedown got be Real from Cypress Hill. N Hhl Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine, Corvette. MMA Fighter, Liz, Kara Moosh. What we're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It Makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the Warren Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content. Subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I don't know if you guys know the stats or anything like that, but out of the history and the Annals of times as far as the King of the Ring tournament, I'm the only king to ever win the heavyweight championship. I'm the only one. And and that wasn't by accident or anything like that. Yeah, that was by design. I said after King Booker to go after break the damn mode because there'll never be another key like me ever again. And I proved that. I proved that, I proved that. So, nah man, it was a, it was a great time in my career. I wouldn't change it for anything. Most definitely. I want to ask you this question, 'cause You know, as a fan we see everybody about to come out. First thing we do, we hear that music. How did you settle on your theme music?


Because we all know, obviously when you came out, You know what I'm saying, we got the flares going, everybody geeked about it. What's that moment you just like, nah, this is it. This is what I'm about to pull up to work every day with. I remember back in 91, late 91 when they first moved Had is right there too. Yeah. When they first approached us with this sound right here, it was, it was just out of an abundance of of music that we just had to pick from. And as soon as we heard it, man, I was like, man, that's it. That's the song. Just because I wouldn't, it's very, very important as far as the music you have, you do your name like such as Booker T and Stevie Ray.


Championship names, championship names. We won championship music as well. And I wanted everybody, all of the fans, to have an experience when they heard that music and, and that music was so unique. It wasn't rap, You know what I mean? It, it had its own feel, its own flavor. And when you heard it, you go, oh man, here come them boys and they about to come out here and do some work, You know? So nah man, that mu that music still to this day, man. It hypes me up, man. My, my wife got that on her phone and so I gotta hear it every day, You know? But it's awesome.


It really is. That's why I say every time you call Whitey, that's what you hear. Oh, that's, that's tight. But what original player you Dig it suck up. The only thing I hear in my House. What was it like though when you changed it when you came King Booker? Well no, the, the royal music. It was, yeah, it was Majestic man, You know, it was you. I I couldn't even call myself Booker T Yeah. I had to be King Book Kai, You know, it had to be, it had to be put a little hair, it had to be Royal. It had to be majestic. You can't forget the pinky. But I became K King Booker T the Pinky. I had to believe it. I had to believe it. It 100% I had to believe that like somebody hit me on the head and I, I, You know, had amnesia really woke up believing that I was a king for two years.


For two years after I was King Booker. I could go to a restaurant and I would never pay for a meal. I would never pay for a drink because somebody would say King Booker, please let me get that for you. Oh You know, every time I still to this day I'm about to Change my name. Right. That's far. That's Far. You know, so nah man, it was so cool playing that role. Plus I was thinking about Hollywood at that time and I was thinking about man, some director, some producer, they gotta be watching this. Yeah. Yeah. They gotta be seeing, oh man, You know, this some great work, You know. So What's your most memorable moment in the ring with your brother? Man Mo most memorable moment with my brother?


Yeah. With Low, with Sister Sherry would be Sturgis, South Dakota Hog Hog Against the ne against the Steiner Brothers. And the reason why we was the only black guys in Sturgis, South Dakota. It was crazy. It was, it was the stupidest thing in the world. I kept asking myself, how did I get here? It was like fricking being in the Wizard of Oz. I'm serious. It was that crazy. Damn. Because like I said, we was the only brothers there who was going against Steiner Brothers and circled around the ring.


Everybody was on motorcycles, Harley. And they rode out on their Harleys and we beat the hell out the Stein. We almost started to riot man. They started throwing rocks at us man and everything. Security had to get us outta of there. I remember telling the, the, the fans, like I say, it was nothing but bikers. And I remember getting the microphone and I said, listen, I don't like rednecks. If you people are rednecks Book is you outta pocket. You outta pocket. Well you was asking for a book. I had to act tough, see if it would work.


I swear. I swear to God. I don't know what I was thinking. I really don't. But, but it worked. Yeah, you got those guys that were so riled up, man. It made that match so fricking awesome. Just getting outta there was the problem. I can't imagine the real match happened after Match for sure. I'm sure they didn't pick up the tag in there. Now I wanna ask you this question. Obviously with the wonderful progression, listen, we live at WWE world. What's it like as you see the progression with the company and then you start seeing yourself getting branded so many different places, especially like with video games. I know for all us going up playing video games, like it's some classic wrestling games.


What's that like when you were part of that now? 'cause now you got a whole different market. Nah, man, it's awesome. You know, seeing how far we've come, especially from a video game perspective, You know, I was, I ran into a guy last night, he was like, man, I used to play you on a video game, man, You know, whatnot. It was just so cool seeing that. Did I, I just got a email just last week, You know, about perhaps being a voice, You know, from a commentating perspective, You know what I mean? Yeah. So never in a million years just like from an action figure, You know what I mean? I, I remember my first action figure, it was like a cutout, You know, just like a plastic cutout, You know? I thought it was so freaking awesome. They asked something like that. And now I got maybe, You know, 40 action figures, 40 different action figures, You know?


So, nah man. To see the progression of wwe, You know, just from a talent perspective has been like so freaking awesome for me. Having a a a, a hand in, You know, working with a lot of that talent and You know, trying to put a little bit, put a light like on Trick Williams, You know, working with Trick Williams. Like, You know, get a little beat, You know, You know, ad libs, You know, when he come out, You know, to ad a little bit, You know, step, she's doing so awesome up with a little ad lib on, on, on some of her stuff. But no, seeing the growth man of these young guys and the talent, You know, it's been awesome. Especially in NNXT with Sean Michaels and his team working with that next generation of stars.


Man, I'm, I'm, I'm so living my best life right now because I think teaching is like my wheelhouse, You know, coaching is like my wheelhouse. I love, You know, being able to work with the young guys and try to get their full potential out of them, You know what I mean? So for me, man, it's awesome, awesome time right now. Wouldn't change it for anything. Most Definitely. Especially when you talk about the RW work, like you say, using all your experience and being better pour back into the next generation. It's definitely dope to see. 'cause like you got a lot of people who get older in the situation, they're like, eh, I don't care. You can tell your energy's really still there for those people. People, You know what, when I started my wrestling school 20 years ago, I wouldn't hire nothing but young kids. You know, I'm, I'm the oldest guy on my group by design because they give me a lot of energy.


I got a lot of young kids and like, just say for instance, you get some bad apple, some old head in there, they want to tell some stories from back in the day. That's just bitter from the business. The way they treated, the way it treated them. We create not new, we create new stories. This is a different journey. This is the way you guys are gonna remember it. So for me, having a part in that is so freaking awesome. My right hand man at reality of wrestling started with me when he was 18 years old. Wow. And now he runs reality of wrestling. Yeah. My partner Brad Gilmore on my hall of Fame show, my, my podcast started with me when he was 18 years old.


Now he's 33 years old. A grown man, You know, graduated from college, You know what I mean? These guys are going to take over reality or wrestling one day, You know, when I'm, when long after I'm gone, reality of resting is still going to be here. All due to the way, You know, we've created it. You know, the young guy, the, the young guy gonna learn from this guy and he's gonna keep passing it on and keep passing it on. And forevermore reality of resting is gonna be a staple here, hopefully on, on this earth. Just because man, for me it's all about the young guys. I've had my, I've had my time to shine. Yeah. And, and, but the thing is, I'm still having fun. I'm still having fun.


One of my kids, he, he went to Japan last year and was, it was his first trip to Japan and I was able to help facilitate that. And, and, and just to think from my perspective, man, he's gonna be running around rap punky. You know what I mean? He's gonna be at the Kyo Plaza, he's gonna go to the Hard Rock, You know what I mean? He's gonna get on that bus and go around just, just like I did. Yeah. And see the same things I did back this life. Don't stop man. It don't stop. It keeps going. And for me to be able to, You know, pass it on, man. It's awesome. Yeah. You know what's so dope about this? 'cause like even now we got my man be here. He now tap into the wrestling scene. Heavy man. When he saw you with Sexy Red man, Oh man, that's what, that's what got me back into it.


I had Cindy to Jeff. I'm like, nah, he got sexy after Booker clowning. That's why I thought you retired. I thought you was done after Fool was sexy. How was that man? Oh man, I'm telling you man. I told my wife, I'm just acting. I said that's my boy right there. Like, I literally call Jeff Booker T all the time, bro. So to see you do that, bro, that really turned me up for real. That showed me that you still tapped into the you. Oh man. If you don't know how to change with the times, the times will truly pass you by. You know what I mean? So for me it's all about, but I was, I quoted, I quoted Little Baby last week.


What you say? I don't call myself a goat, I leave that up to the people. That's a bar, that's bar hard. I was scared because he got loud of lyric. I dunno if you can repeat. No, my boy, no, my boy. He was like, he was like, you just quoted little baby. Yeah. That's hard man. That's hard. And I know the kids that you around and the youth like, appreciate that though, that you can still be relatable to them too. You know? You know why, man, it ain't about me. It really isn't. Yeah. I swear. I, I love what I do. I love who I am. I love, You know, everything about what's going on, but it ain't about me, man.


I've had my time, You know, and for me to see the young guys doing it and, and, but for me to still be here, I I did not expect to still be doing this. 35 years later I did. I thought, You know, 15 years ago this thing would've been over with and I would've been doing something else, but for some reason I'm still here. God put me in this position for some reason. And, and I, and I'm gonna just keep doing it and I'm keep doing it to the best of my ability. But it's just like working, working the NXT with Vic Joseph. Yeah, Vic Joseph. I'm his right, right hand man, man.


I'm his copilot. He's, he's the guy that's that, that, that's running, running the whole whole board. You know what I mean? And I'm gonna try to make that dude look as best as I possibly can. That's my job. You know what I mean? And, and, and, and I appreciate the young guys man that, that, that know, You know, why I'm here, know what I'm doing, and, and know that I'm here for them. 100% know that they can come to me for anything. I'm gonna be there for 'em. So, nah, man. Like I say this, this a great time in my life. Seriously. I wouldn't change it for nothing. Nah, I'm, I'm, I'm tapped in, but I've been watching LFG. Yeah, yeah.


Legends and future greats. It's a heck of a show. But like you said, you tapped in with the youth and, You know, seeing you on that show and how you relate to the wrestlers and how the guys really embrace you, you could tell that you was meant for this. Sure. You know what I, that those shows, man, I, I love doing LFGI, I met, I'm, I'm perfect for shows like that. Yeah. Working with BBA Ray, working with Mickey James Undertaker, it, it is been really, really cool. But being able to tap into the, to the young guys and, and really get into the head to let them understand what this thing is about, how, how big this opportunity really, really is. And an opportunity like this don't come around too often.


It's few and far between. So take it as serious as you possibly can. Look at this. Like, it's a job, like you waking up in the morning and you go and do your, your nine to five, because if you're not looking at it like that, you're slipping. You know what I mean? Because, You know, if you're not preparing, trust me, somebody else is preparing a, a, a little bit harder than you, You know? So for me to really tap in on screen as well as off screen, You know, because those guys, they call me, You know, we do film study, You know, when, when nobody's around, You know, because I, I, I'm about winning, You know what I mean? I, I, I, I want my team to win at the end, end of date. You know what I mean? So, nah man.


LFG is something that has been, You know, so awesome to be a part of and I can't wait to season two. Yeah, most Definitely. Listen, Booker, we appreciate your time and make some more Booker T one more time. Five times baby. Five Times, five times. Listen, we appreciate y'all for coming out. Shout out to Sean from making this wonderful event happen. It's Club five 20. We'll see y'all next time. Yeah, The Volume.


This podcast is supported by BetterHelp offering licensed therapists. You can connect with via video, phone, or chat. Here's BetterHelp, head of clinical operations, Hess Hug Joe discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human, that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com today. That's BetterHelp dot com.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal, you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal. Download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


The forties and free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason and How teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast here. Yes sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. This is kind of star studded a little bit, man. We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to it. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.