
Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank NA member FDIC.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out Bose dot com.


Thursday night football is off and it's only on Prime Video. Good Move. Touchdown. This week, west Coast rivals collide. As the Los Angeles Rams visit the San Francisco 49 ERs. Heck of a throw. Coverage begins with TNF Tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Rams and 49 ERs Thursday only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Holiday magic is in the air and Ds W's Got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or DSW dot com, The Volume.


All right man, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host mi dj. Well same gang with me to my left. I got my dog Bishop B, he out the pearl. He's how you what? Nasty cool and nasty. What's happening? Chilling. Chilling man. I see you in the, the black fourteens today. No black forces. You still look grimy though. Oh yeah. You know I just threw these on today. I've been in this outfit all day so it's, it's cool. My boy outside trapping, getting to it holidays, you know what I'm saying? Facts. Yeah. I'm about done Christmas shopping too bro. Don't have no kids. Y'all please. I ain't even started that shit cost bro. Y'all started. I ain't started until be done. I'm about done. I started, I started today and I got about two more things that's gonna be coming in the mail.


I'm done. I made a mistake of going to the mall today. Nope. I would not be at the mall. Gotta buy a car. Some shit. Some little, little motor car go-kart type shit. So you got little shorty so they be having stuff you gotta put together? Yeah, she need like a eight to 12 go-kart or some shit. Fuck. I ain't got no room for that motherfucker. Man. That's crazy. It's like shout out to the, you know, so we used to get the game consoles and shit like that. We had to plug that in. But having stuff that you active like doll houses and stuff, you have to physically put together for them to open. Okay. Shout out to Fat Ass Buck. He come put all my shit together. I'll be damn if I put together a dollhouse nigga, that motherfucker come with a thousand pieces. You got a task wrap.


Come put the Christmas gifts together. I I, my gifts is straight money. I hand money motherfucker. Motherfucker said that shit ain't even thoughtful no more. I said damn y'all getting ungrateful. I was gonna bring this up. I'm glad we here. I mean it my dog shortly. I have a problem with that. How y'all feel about gift cards as gifts? Yeah, I'm cool. I took that Simon back in the day. In a heartbeat. Yeah, that's a great gift People talk about. That's thoughtless. I had everything though. I didn't, I didn't give a fuck. I didn't want toys and shit like that bro. If I can go to the mall with a thousand cards, cool, me too. I'll take money over all that. But if you give a girl a card, that's probably, she probably feel a way because it ain't thoughtful. Yeah that's I I feel that yeah, you put a thousand dollars on assignment gift card.


She might be shitty. You might well just handed her cash. Yeah, that's, I might do it just to be petty though. So you gotta have a balance because now hold on you because ain't no way you to spend all that. You ain't giving zero. You ain't gimme me too much. That many options though. You put the gift card only can go here. Nah, nah. The Simon is what's happening. It is a Visa. You can go to a different Simon mall. Yeah, but which I wanted maybe to go to the fashion mall. Maybe I wanted to go to Keystone to turn Well yeah we put 500, 500. Oh okay. Play Tera Bitch get cold now. Listen, my mom had a, she said I ain't getting nobody nothing but I'm getting DoorDash gift card. I said ah you, you did something right there. Nah, that's far a nigga get a a hundred dollars DoorDash gift card, it's up.


Oh that shit blown in the first day. I said that's probably one and a half meals if you do it right. But shit, that's still love. Yeah now girl gif gifting girls and ging dudes is two totally different things though bro. If you, if you bitching about a gif like that, you out of pocket as the nigga bro on Christmas. Come on bro. If the money though, if she give you money, you No, it wasn't thoughtful like why ain't you giving me that Balenciaga hoodie that I begg for this go by it my nigga. I don't be like, girls do be tripping on shit like that though. Like you just give 'em a thousand dollars like you know I wanted that Louis W they probably don't have it no more. Well they probably don't.


What look for about right my dog Young Nacho, young Teague. How you work brother? Chilling bro. Cooling. Actually my parents-in-law got me these so I turn, this is my Christmas gift from them. I didn't know that till Paula told me that Miss Rider grabbed you the Wuts for Christmas. Yeah. Shout to 'em man. That's e they in Honduras so I don't, I won't be able to see 'em but appreciate it. Damn. Turned up. Shout to the Honduras followers. You know what I'm saying? You text them though. Thank you. I ain't got number say acting like it was a random. I ain't, I ain't gonna say it like I was just be they got wifi down there.


I dunno what they got over there. No that's what, that's what Neil gonna say about James Harden when he trying to the blue man. He's like he ain't got wifi down there. It's like nigga he live in Houston. He been having wifi and the split on me. I don't know where they at. I just seen they head they was on the island so damn. Fire shout, shout out to the Christmas shoes. Did I ever get any other fire Christmas shoes? Y'all can remember the elevens White and black. Whatever they was called when we was kids. Oh the Concourse. Concourse. Yeah that's all. Damn, that's as far as Christmas shoe. Yeah that speaking to of the 11th man, a lot of people think it's time for Jordan brand. Go to the drawing board with the shoe game. 'cause we looking now like the Columbia came out, you know I'm saying they had a shock drop and everything but I went to the Nike store this weekend and there's people already returning them.


Ain't return mind selling to me. Why they return them Man, a lot of people ain't feeling me. Look at all sites like StockX go autumn places bro. They below retail. Yeah. Oh please I wanna tap. Oh I think that is, it is a very peculiar shoe. Like we all talk about how cold a Columbia love it is but it is a all white shoe. But at, even at the basis of it, I don't think the Ys care about Georgia as much as we do. I think our age may be a little bit younger before that's keeping it afloat. For real. For real. But I don't think they care as much about that stuff as we do. Yeah all white jays is tough. Yeah but I'm gonna get 'em. But that's a tough, that's a tough there at Lee but it's just like you go through that 11 lineup. That was the shoot every year that everybody was just like, circle this. I know if I ain't getting no George this year I can put this on my mama list and grab these before Christmas.


But now you look like the old ones we was going through, they coming back with the gamers next year. I'm gonna fuck with them too. Yeah. See they got here bullshitting bro. I got the gamblers right there. The young niggas they but they want the is they called VINs, VINs theys the Gucci and yeah you know off they want the newer, they want design 500 shoes and shit. Yeah. Want design. They don't care about we. That's why I be telling motherfuckers people really don't care about Jordans and shit bro. That is like you just said, that is really just us bro. Yeah that's a very niche audience. Old niggas. We old niggas still trying to be young bro. That's it bro. Yeah the shit we grew up on like getting again, it sucks to say well bro we nah we gonna listen. Our generation is gonna be 50 and 60 still buying Jays bro.


We ain't gonna be wearing Stacey Adams in. I'ma be wearing 21 some Jays. I know 'cause that's, that's how he was brought up. But he proudly got some produces or something at home or some shit like that. My nigga wanted some Converse when we was out some weapons. Malcolm trifling, he real while then Malcolm. Malcolm and Weapons my rapper. Nigga I ain't gonna hug you. He weapons. He might walk a nigga damn episode get. Really? But he know his generation though. He oh these say nah that's what motherfucker you got an old soul nigga says some weapons. They all, he definitely, he grew with his uncle, his granddaddy. Oh Papa your Granddady. Oh God. I was like nah nephew.


Yeah but Malcolm is tapped in on both sides though. A lot of young niggas though bro. They don't want, he really a old head. Yeah. Yeah. They don't want no new shoes like I mean no old shoes like they don't care about no retros bro. Niggas don't want jewelry and Mel nigga niggas don't want no browns through. They melt. Nah don't about want no browns. Yeah nah niggas don't want no brown threes bro. Nah, niggas don't want no pippins bro. Niggas don't want no phony what you call it? What's my boy? Pennies. Pennies. Niggas don't want no pennies bro. You don't think niggas want phones young niggas? Yeah. No, no phones. They don't care. No bro. Congress came out bro. They sitting that shit's crazy. Why the fuck are they selling out? The blue foams are still in snitch. Huh?


A lot of older people buying 'em in. Exactly. Bro we not dying off that bad. So when them undefeated come out fours, y'all motherfuckers don't buy shit all let me get to it. Three of 'em. What's gonna piss us up bro, when they come out and we go in three days after they still a finish line, we gonna fill away. I'm not, I'm gonna be hype as fuck. I'm getting them wrong. They be divorced like I don't care. I don't care about you Niggas not liking nothing. Hey don't like a lot. Matter of fact stop buying all the shoes so the price can go down. Please. Because y'all have all them products and though Chika Bon, y'all have all them shoes. Louis I'm cool even though I'm a hypocrite and only something that have in the past designer sneakers. If they don't feel comfortable there's no point in paying.


They never do and they never feel that comfortable. I like them new offwhite so I ain't gonna lie. Well see off whites a little bit different because that ain't as them motherfuckers anything else I'm about used to wear lu. Them shit's hurt. First time I wore 'em took 'em off, never wore 'em again. Terrible. Don't don't feel comfortable. You know what shoe had me in a choke hold that I still have them. Remember the Marinas arenas? Yes I do. I had at least 10 colors though. That was raw though bro. I had, I still cut away. I still got 'em. Yeah them was, that's like the worst investment ever. I went on online to see how much they was worth. See if I could sell 'em. They like 125 bucks. You know what's crazy, all the niggas who was wearing creative bricks that was in the club got money and started getting bcia arenas. Yeah that was the pipeline.


That's the transition. Literally nigga creative bricks. Right to those that's so fat girl Penner. Some niggas had the Maori, the gator joints. I remember niggas had those. I had some more. I had some red ones. You was definitely dealer for sure. You definitely had like when I moved out east I I had, I had real, I had the red ones, they were fire. I had the brown. That's when niggas start going the club wise. White brown, the dark brown, the all black ones was crazy. All the all black ones. That's when I realized I seen a lot niggas start wearing fake designer shoes. When I started seeing them all Black Valencia Gars, they looked like Warren Timberlands and they was fresh out the box and said yeah y'all niggas is fil I had the all black ones. I had some real ones then I had the high top Valencia I say with the high top white ones in there. Ooh the hot tops I had, I was wilding.


I had every color damn more. I had some maroon ones. I thought I was fucking Mo. But the the young niggas they must rather wear, they even wear the fake designer ones with an all black fit. That's all they wearing all black and whatever designers shoot. Whether it be fake, counterfeit real, they rock. They tapped in. My nigga D Hunt used to have all them bitches bro. Literally every color orange, yellow, green, red. All nigga niggas was rocking them. Hey man D Hunt Dallas Green. If you ever been to Kobe Indianapolis with them, you was definitely skipping a line all off in this two of the most out of pocket niggas I ever met in my life. You know. You know other designer sneaker was hard though. You remember when Saint Lauren LeBron made like the Jordan ones kind of them still fire. Oh them was hard. I still, I got mine.


Them shits was yeah I ain't gonna lie. They had me in the choke hold them still fire. I got a pair outta of 'em out sacks on this. Them shits right here. I got the blues and the red black ones. I got the black and red ones. Yeah them are fire dumb as those. What Fire. Those shit was hard. They still here to this day. I was with Adidas too when them came out. Oh you asleep? Yeah nigga. What? Oh yeah my, yeah they be mad. The red black ones right there. They be mad with y'all. Show 'em you got, y'all got put that up. Do your homework. Yeah you gotta put that picture on. And black red ones is nasty. I still got mine. I thought about I got some all white ones too. For some reason it was weak but I thought about wearing them one day. That's funny.


Now it's just a lot more affordable and a lot more sensible to just get pair force ones. 'cause if I know if mine $9,000 gonna be gone down the drain, fuck it. Let it go. That was my Adidas day. That damn about to be on the road. Shoot for sure. Come on, look. Come on. That's your work shoes right there. Yeah, but I'm just saying just the white just because bro. Oh whites. Yeah so we gonna lead them in whatever city we in bro. I swear to God about, I swear to God I was about to buy 10 pairs off, off, no off but White Forces. Mm. Because nigga I had all my clothes. That's my winter clothes. They, I don't know why I buy. I need white forces like all them. What's it called? K whole bunch of them. But I can't wear 'cause I ain't got no White Forces. That's fresh. Yeah I had, I got them Rockefeller forces, I got like three pair of them but Jay-Z going through some shit right now.


I'm go ahead and chill. No, no SMU on Ho. No on Ho. Let's just for that Barbie. What, what we got gang man we no SMU on Ho. They trying put no M on the God Shout out to the Rockefeller forces. Man. Shut man Barbie. How you, what she been reading the Kanye? What we got today? Flag Foul. Who was that for? Oh you trying to say because of me she out of pocket. We got the red solo cup. So we on bullshit tonight. Oh. Turn young Flag foul the compilation. Oh man. Shout to Brad Be the comments man. Say ain't fly bro. You was outta pocket Out pocket. Damn. Shout out to Brad. This motherfucker. Hey is this country time in here?


No, not country time. Simply Lemonade. Oh okay. But it's Kiwi. Simply Kiwi. You got, you got the ZI love fruit too. Go ahead. Break this down. What'll send the flag? F Big Z. The kiwi puree in there. Okay. Simply Lemonade and a little bit of lime juice on pineapple. Mm okay. What kind of lucr is it? Big Z? Mine's a Tennessee. But that got repo. Nah, mine repo mine the year, couple weeks. I'm trying to run it back. Back. Nah, that's, you know we, we can get a tequila. Yeah. Yeah we love, we love the hand dog. Get up here, we up here. Hennessy never fell me. Nah, I'm lying other day.


You done had this though. You didn't had the red box? I, I had, I didn't had the right one. You had the og. It don't even come with a bag or nothing. Yeah it just, yeah give that 40. Yeah that might not have been Hennessy. It was EJ. Oh yeah. I put ENJ on. That's, that's the club Hennessy that you know he good for remixing the drink so shit. It might have been some old ING jerky. Yeah, I think that might been Jay freaky ass nigga. Now Barber gotta ask, ask on the internet. You know what I'm saying? You know how you, how you what? So is there a difference between the liquor and the bar and the liquors would get at the stores? 'cause some people want to know, you know what I'm saying? They getting these sections at the club hen been a little thick. Great question. It I've experienced the same thing too. So I definitely feel like it's different.


Any place I've worked though, it's always been real straight liquor. Okay. But you know that one club in Broad River? Mm. That liquor different. Which one? Oh really? Talk about it every Time. I, every time I, I don't say the wrong name. I'm trying to do something somewhere. Okay. I don't say no Names. I know every time we go there it's either a fight or car crash or something that look or just different. Oh damn. I ain't been to that one. I don't been to that motherfucker said a car crash Every time. It never fell. Damn. I ain't gonna put no smart on nobody. Yeah I don't. Nah I don't remember that place. Dang. Can you give people the game on how you supposed to tip? Like what's the, what do bartenders expect as a tip? Like I was expecting a hundred dollars tips from everybody.


Damn. God damn. But You should at least be tipping 20%. It's annoying if you come to the bar and you buying everybody shots and then you leaving three to $5 like Damn my fuck Ass off. You be doing that For sure. Oh my. I heard I would be like keep the change. So if the drinks come up to like 97 I'd be like slide that on your cousin that your match your reception. Because I heard my homegirl shout out to all stars, they don't like making lemon drops and they said that if a nigga ain't tipping right they damn near tell motherfucker they ain't got nothing for the lemon drops. Is that one of the hardest drinks to make? It's not. I don't, I don't it. It's only a couple of hands in there but annoying like sugar in rim and stuff like that but Oh okay.


In the club. You know you trying to push out those drinks so fast. So, but I'm saying though if I buy 10 shots and I be seeing y'all, y'all just do this. Yeah. Yeah that's easy. Versus making 10 drinks is my tip. Should my tip be different if I need 10 god damnit flavor fouls. Yeah. If I do 10 flavor foul you need a, you need a better tip versus 10. You feel like you deserve a better tip? Definitely. Oh okay. And It just depends. Like sometimes the nigga that's not taking at all gonna come and be like, Hey I got your drink. Get your ass on because B, he ain't gonna tip and you ain't about tip. So go on. That's right. So y'all be bad coming to the day boy you right right here you go ahead. Slide that five to a real light too. Nah, nah I I'm gonna tip for sure.


I think it is. It is. It ain't mandatory. It depend on your attitude too though. Sometimes your attitude be stank and I might be the 10th customer that is slid through and you shitty. So I might take my little 40 back and put that bitch. I mean why we here do y'all tip on to go orders that y'all go get to go orders? Hell no I went to pick it up. Yeah I will Sometimes. So sometimes Nah if they bring that bitch to the car it depend on the weather. No I pulled up like I, I got in my car and pulled up to your restaurant to get my food and drove back home and my am my out pocket for not tipping. I never tip on those. If it's raining, I'll tip. When I do Texas rowhouse I do the app. No.


If I'm picking up I'm a DoorDash God though, but oh yeah, I'm gonna always tip my DoorDash. DoorDash if I pull up in the rain though, I'm tip you bro because you, you coming out here getting wet from me. Pause. It's crazy. It's crazy. I'm legendary 10 people who get wet for you bro. So you, I saying y'all always say this to me. I'm just saying somebody come out in the rain bro. Bring you food bro. Hey it thunderstorm bro. I wake up, my wings got 20 for you bro. I got side all like a motherfucker because you know this said tip, I hit that signature so quick and she kinda gave me a sign out nigga. I used my gas to go get this. You did not pull up on me. I'm nothing. Oh no bro. Dude I just feel like you got a tip though on DoorDash. You definitely got a tip.


I'm, I'm tipping every time I regardless. Mike tipping ass motherfucker. Every time we go to the restaurant I'll be looking at him. Right. The tips I'll be like wow you very generous. So let Mike come to the bar now Mike. Yeah you know it say 18% right there. I'm more like a 12. I'm gonna be 2020 across the board. 12 for me especially food. Food. I got you for 20. Nah food. I'm a little different bar. It's whatever. I just feel like if I got $4 you got four. I Tip the lady that made drop three. How many drinks did you get them drinks was like 20 a piece. She probably looked at you like fuck you right in the Vegas club.


Tip three definitely on. I definitely tip less depending on how much the bottles are. Like if the like if the price of the drink is like if a shot of class says is $60, you're definitely getting a $4 tip. Like why the fuck is this shot so high? Because I go somewhere else and they 29. They probably be mad as hell. I never seen some cars do be high on the shot. You know they used to call me when I walked in Magic City. Mm. Everybody used to get mad. I used to come in thousand dollar tea, thousand dollar tea. He only getting a thousand dollars. I don't even know why y'all coming over here. Here. That's Governor Hayden though. Okay. I used to walk in, they used to be walking me through, they could give me a section. I'd be sitting up there.


You only get a thousand dollars. Yep. And I might only throw 500 so that is is crazy. I asked where you get outta here. We talked about the lemon drops in Vegas. What's the three drinks that nigga's out of pocket for ordering? Like if they come to the bar, order a drink at you, you looking at 'em crazy? If they order it


getting some holiday shopping done this weekend, pick up some touchdowns. They're also a Draftking Sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL wills. Would you expect the number one place to bet touchdowns? Grab some TDS of Draftking sports book. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the Draftking sports book app and use code club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings the crown is yours.


Listen man, y'all know I'm a diehard Patriot fan and sometimes it's better to be in a building that atmosphere than environment. Seeing people you grew up with supporting your local team. Some of the celebs make the environment a super dope feeling. Man listen, I downloaded the game time app, create an account and use my promo code for myself. Club five 20, it got $20 off my first purchase terms again, apply again. Create an account and redeem the code Club five 20 for $20 off your first experience. Download game time today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed. Game on


because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before. With SPN plus, unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and Knicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So Join us every morning on NBC to make today your home For the holidays.


Blinds.com Cyber Monday Last chance is happening right now. Don't miss out on up to 45% off Sitewide and a free professional measure. Avoid the home renovation overwhelm, swapping out old blinds for custom window coverings delivers big results and blinds.com makes it easy and affordable. Skip the long lines or waiting around at home all day just to get a quote with blinds.com. Shopping online doesn't mean sacrificing quality style or service. A blinds.com design expert can help you make the perfect selection. We can even handle everything from measure to install. Get your whole home installed for one low cost with over 25 million windows covered blinds.com is the number one online retailer of custom window coverings. Don't miss blinds dot com's Cyber Monday. Last chance happening right now save up to 45% sitewide Plus get a free professional measure up to 45% offsite wide and a free professional measure@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about faith this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points and you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings. To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast,


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required


Tequila sunrises. Any frozen cocktails? I get Frozen. Oh wait, wait. Niggas can't drink frozen cocktails. Is that inside of pocket that flushes all stars? Yeah I get Frozen. It's not cock, it's just annoying. Nigga get a shot and go on like qualify to use the blender to make you a frozen drink. I'm not this. Well Willies was a legendary spot. Yeah but Willie you gotta pull a nozzle. I gotta blend and do all this. Yeah, But you gotta fix your attitude though Barbara A I Have a great attitude like period. I'm gonna do everything with a smile and on my nerve. But y'all asked me a question, I answered it. I 40% are done. So you not dating a nigga who ordered tequila sunrises? No. Y'all saying no not like that. That I don't. A man can drink whatever you want in there. Oh okay. But I'm saying as far as a bartender, you gonna, So you don't, you don't, you don't judge, you don't judge niggas that drink lemon drops and smoke hookah.


He's cool. No I don't. How you do your lips like that? I don't. I don't judge him. But I mean But you have a thought he ordered that at dinner. A lemon drop and a hookah. He did. I don't do the hookah. Oh I say hookah iss just a little. I dunno. Oh hookah. It's a why your wrist move like that when you say Not Like that but hookahs a little. What? Because you, if you're with me you gonna be smoking the hookah by yourself. Looking real. Look real. What? What's the word? That's What you tell. Dunno shit. I dunno what you call them. What flavor you, what's in your algorithm? What flavor y'all getting? We don't smoke you on a date because I trying because we can smoke hookah and That is fine.


Smokey hookah. Okay. She trying to keep it cute. What do dudes look like? That smoke hookah though, that's on the date with you. Oh he, I don't want a hookah. He want a Banana Breeze hookah. Y'all smoke a blunt? You said so you say go smoke a blunt for all y'all in the, y'all don't take her to Lava wherever else they got. Just leave where they got. Where they, they can do it at All Stars or wherever they got there. Yeah they got there. Turn up. Jay shout to All Stars. She want y'all sit in the car like no smoke a backwood on me.


You can smoke weed in the club. Order this Wings of Seafood. Hey Wings of Seafood this day straight up. Shout the wings of seafood. No for DJ. Right on Barbie. Barbie. We appreciate you Fla and Foul the pocket though. Flaker Foul. She said the hook and the real Flaker foul said be careful. She didn't wanna say what she really wanted to say. Yeah she trying to keep me cute. Yeah, respect for sure man. Hey man, college playoffs just announced, you know what I'm saying? Shout to IU man Listen man we got some conflict, you know what I'm saying? The state IU versus Notre Dame. Yeah I got Notre Dame. The committee funny as hell for that. Every funny shout to my nigga feel Hogan Man you need to go to the game man. I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take Notre Dame.


Oh listen, Notre Dame consistently lets us down anytime they have a chance to put on for the state of Indiana. I'm going IU man. Best season they ever had. I hope it gets better for 'em man. Notre Dame ain't one nothing since Rudy. Stop saying that outta Pocket ain't one. Nothing is Rudy bro. Shout out to man bro. Man she was a real person getting Catfish is crazy. He, I still hate that story for him bro. Yeah that was crazy man. That's why I don't wanna know this is of Manteo bro. Niggas lame bro. That was wild. That is a wicked story bro. Crazy. Yeah, whole conversations with this person. Like I say that that can happen but bro you are a top five linebacker in the nation bro.


You supposed to see that through bro. Nah bro, you can't see that's what I'm saying. You supposed to see that through bro. Yeah, I'll be trying to give niggas benefit of the doubt for being lame 'cause they athletes. Nah bro. Niggas do weird shit every day. B like Catfish. There's no way you should even be a part of that bro. FaceTime me right now bro. Oh God. I'm at outside. You should be here. Yeah bro. Like FaceTime me and I'm, I'm sliding on something on campus, what I'm doing bro. For sure we might be wicked at South Bend. I mean I can imagine that might be Gorilla and them in the beginning out there in the Bend Boy. Not now. I might have to hit the internet hit hitting the transfer portal. School is crazy.


I might take my chances roll the border so they look like Gorilla before she got Famous before because when I first see her in Vegas. Yeah I mean she had a, well she was Gloria for real, she was performing with socks on on me, seen her in Vegas. We talk about it but that's still crazy though. Like money makes so different she ain't that ugly no more. Nah she nice bro. She smooth. Yeah Shout to Glo and she a cold ass rapper though. Like Big Glo. Yeah I already say this but I always spoke with the fact that, you know what I'm saying, she had some smoke put on her name and she ain't gonna crash out. She ain't do nothing but got the booth and got better. Shout Tolo Real America. I fuck with Glo really off the strength that she fuck with her people and she kept 'em with 'em yo like they wasn't bringing her down. She helped elevate everybody around her.


We seen Glow Nigga like literally fresh off the plane bro. No Cap. Yeah just signing her deal. She came from perform, she kicked the motherfucker Crocs off Andreas. Yeah and fuck nigga Free was it? Yeah. Hey respect man. Like you said the origin was for her. Especially all these other rappers you see in the female industry. They going crazy bro. Nah but niggas still getting catfished though bro. Y'all nigga y'all outta pocket bro. Where y'all daddy some them at bro. The actual Catfish show is funny bro. Like hey did y'all ever watch that? Oh you remember I went off on that nigga in Morgan house bro. One of the funniest moments ever bro. That's the first time I've ever seen you snap on somebody like that bro. Yeah niggas on Catfish bro. I saw him, he was at Morgan house one night and I don't know bro the liquor was in me bro.


I just went off on him like the show was real. Said man it's fake, it's not real. I'm like nah you a bitch ass nigga for doing that today. I poor fucker girl bro that was crazy. You never should have caught me a fat ass. Kelly Price is one of the best quotes of all time bro. That's one of the best episodes of that show bro. Do y'all judge nigga that's get on dating sites. Fuck Catfish is dating sites out of pocket. Nah people get married off dating sites. Mm shit people get together off Instagram. That's a dating site. Really? Mm. I'm being honest now. That's a fact dude. Social. You see more people on social media you see in real life man. Especially post Covid. Niggas don't even go outside no more. Yeah. So most people you gonna see is on your timeline rather than the function. Yeah. Facts now the dating sites, I mean I'm never been my cup of tea.


I get it. Like you said it's been success scores, da success stories. Especially for older people for sure but not for my cup of tea but that's kind of outta pocket. Yeah I don't just see me being being 50 making a profile. Hey you know what's a funny ass dating site? It ain't even a real dating site. But y'all remember when y'all used to watch how the little thing would pop up like she in your city. I ain't never seen this bitch. She's five minutes away. No she's not. She's 36. She's 36 minutes away. Wasn't tapped in that little pop up. I'm just you lord Y'all Y-O-U-L-R n.com They have to give you a sponsorship. You have to give you a sponsorship but nigga I remember when I was young man I remember I was like 15, 14 I remember was trying to sneak over over that shit popped up.


I got that click like that bitch shit shit up the street you trying to pull up. Oh that's the real catfish. I was like ready to party. See wow that motherfucker all type of daddy computer with all by stuff nigga computer had I fucking with your motherfuck computer was buying stuff like a motherfucker. Damn. Hey we had a long wire on it in there telling we had long wire that computer was done. Nah, but telling me a bitch is six miles away from me is crazy bro because how y'all know what we doing here? Swear I was clicking on nigga. Nigga if you putting in your location on the poor website you are a filthy ass people bro.


That's why I tell people it's different levels of fries bro. It it's different levels. Yeah bro I'm mouth sauce from Taco Bell bro because this them niggas are so far. If you put your god at Taco Bell, mouth sauce Elite, that's just a random bar right there. But I'm just saying go crazy on my seven tacos miles it's levels bro. To put your location on a porn site and tell motherfuckers I'm six minutes away from you is ridiculous bro. But the funnier than that is before niggas was doing that boys used to use them hotline calls. Man I seen so many people run up their house phone bills off them shits bro. Larry, us calling like six lines. Yes bro. Yeah I used to call the wrestling hot line. Oh not like that bro.


They used to be like hey used be like, they'd be like this is Har Hogan. Hey you ready bro? I used be like man oh you gonna wrestle tonight motherfucker. Wow. I remember Joe Joel was selling prayers during Hurricane Harvey. How much was that? 25 Damn automated prayers bro. Yeah come on bro. I was getting, he was tripping. I was getting the automated. His stone cold Steve Halston gimme a hell yeah. I'm like hell yeah. Where y'all wrestling That next Stone cold D Mama like that was Yeah somebody called the hotline for $15. Damn fuck Call that motherfucker calling the porno line that I feel like only niggas in jail can do that bro. If I'm well and I'm out like in public, I'm outta jail and I'm calling a sex line.


That is crazy bro. That is you lame as fuck bro because what you doing bro? Get off top, get two bitch moan on the phone bro. That's wild bro. Hey you know what's funny, call your ho bro. All the people that's doing that is the same attitude we have when when we do these averages reads. So Stone Cold was just like yeah, stone cold. He Boston. Oh fuck. I'm tired just trying to have a conversation nigga. That ain't how I do my average. I be like I'm stone cold Steve Austin and I'm here and I'm here. It's crazy you calling the restaurant Highline boy you lame. But the big nigga, I was a fan nigga. Clearly call and listen. Niggas talk to you. That's automated as well. Yeah, I used to be a fan like a motherfucker.


I still like wrestling but when I was little man what man that's, I'm not calling for another nigga. I was a real life wrestling fan charging my parents card for that wild bro. Charging that bitch up bro. No Christmas gift. 'cause I ran up the the weakest porn though that we, since we on that euro, no shit was the HBO shit. The white girls Real Sex. I was like yeah Elite, elite, elite show. Well shit not on my big box ass TV had a bitch bill. Like Malcolm buy shit, shit off every time. Where is the ain't it's real sex, real sex, real sex Take 28. It's real sex. Not what we talk nigga moving slow as shit. Where is the real, where is the plumber coming in real?


That's a wrap we gotta get on. See Mr. Shit where's the, that's why I gotkin. Oh man Mr. Nigga. Shout out to the old team man. Oh, oh man I love this show man. Y'all out of pocket also December 25th. I want to come in here. I want to do a roast. I been getting a lot of dms about like a lot of bullshit that you niggas been on. So we gonna have a real tour session. I'm gonna do it on the club Fox 20.


Oh you gonna roast the fans on that page? Yeah, we just gonna have a Jon session. I'll do it for two hours. Okay. On what day? That's cool. December 25th. Oh nigga trying 12 nigga I get a lot of dms one nigga. This what kind of stopped Me too. Me and DJ talked about it before a nigga was Joning. I said all right bro, I'm gonna let you cook. He was like, bro I just wanted you to respond Right on. I love the show. I said oh yeah, oh yeah. You know how he goes. He motivated me to get on here and get to it. Oh yeah. So that's just a sidebar. Oh he about to. That's what the fuck he do. He Jones nigga. He nigga stupid about to fuck niggas Cripps up. He nigga pull up about lose fans. That's fine. You watching them two niggas on Twitter. Who linked up the fight O Christmas Day about Kobe. They had an argument online about Kobe and linked up on Christmas Day through shit.


Nah, I fuck with the fans because I'm like, I feel like, you know what I mean? That's what we do. We Jones and shit. So I I love that y'all tapped into the show like that. I'm with all the shit for sure man. Shout out to the fans. We appreciate the fuck outta y'all for, for real. Yeah, for sure man. We almost have 500 K. Hopefully when this air we have 5K we'll be there. We gonna celebrate the right way, you know what I'm saying? We, we, we appreciate y'all. Hopefully they put a new picture up. Oh which one? Oh on the 500 K ones. You know, hopefully don't use the old picture with the 400 K. We look like Nick, we gotta, we gotta go. Who was R? Who was rl? Shout to rl man. Dj. DJ was RL or DJ rl All. He said he's the reason he said he told you when you came Minnesota he had you. I think y'all got, we need, we need R. We gotta talk about the conversation bro.


He's real tough. Oh yeah, he was cool as hell. But he was, he loved Jeff. He cool as hell. He fuck with Jeff down when he pulled up. Yeah Soda man. Yeah he super cool. Shout to RL man. Oh it's about the time y'all see this. We be at 500 k. Shout out to y'all. We the fuck outta y'all. We had to pick members out the Wu tank so we got the woo dunk song before we get back to the football store. Okay, who are you outta Wutang? I I know some of them niggas I know too much about them. I gotta think about that. Who who would you be ODB off the dribble. I know I be man damn that's probably res. I might be Rizz. Yeah You cool? Yeah. And you like anime? Yeah that them niggas like that.


I like Dragon Ball. I don't do shit, shit. Shout to them Ball. What's the shit called? Yeah, I, I Nato shout to Nicks like Norto. I ain't at the Nime crowd. Shit. Love you, love niggas. Hold on. Speaking about Drake Ball Z did that shit like do they speak English? Yeah, I mean it's dubbed like they have English translation like the, it comes out in, you know what I'm saying? The native tongue and then it gets English. Is that the same like as Pokemon and shit like that? Like the show? Yeah like all of its in Yeah, Japanese and Spanish. Not Spanish but Japanese and then converted over. Damn. I watched Did y'all watch Pokemon like that? Not really. I wasn't really into that stuff.


I couldn't bro. It just Pokemon too. Pokemon car different. We was watching blues. I I thought it was lame but I was was trying to be, everybody had, I'm like lemme get some Pokemon cars but it just wasn't me But seeing a nigga getting whooped over Pokemon cars was the craziest shit ever in my life. Niggas used to really get scrapped. You know that that trade. The store right there on 38th Street right across of the Best Buy in the strip plaza. The car shop. Car shop? Yeah. Yeah. They used to go crazy over there. Yeah, I stole a Pokemon car outta there. Yeah, I didn't never know what to do. That's why I left him alone. I ain't know they tried to. Kyle Riley used to have them Pokemon cards and ask what you do with 'em, just collect them. Yeah. But now that I know I wish I would've kept them.


Yeah. The only kid shit I used to do was keep like basketball and baseball cards. I ain't collect NASCAR and shit. I ain't never do that GI Joes my mama still got all that shit. Yeah my uncle put me on a play with like the value of cars and shit early on. That's why I tapped into Pokemon 'cause I was early on, I remember no bullshit like the first time I ever got a booster pack I got a charge R like a shit. That shit was like a big deal back then. I was flipping them shit early on. That's how I was getting shoes early because I would just get trading cards like or the nice ass basketball cars and take 'em to the shops. I was taking that shit right to the mall. Yeah I, I was stole your shit. See niggas like you playing always take the backpack. I used to be, I would've seen DJ put his backpack up. I would've known what to do with it with Green.


I wouldn't known what's to do with that one. I like it's green. I think he left his book bag. Oh I wouldn't, that stupid money was always counter for my boy. The playoff is crazy. I would've ransom back. Nah, I wouldn't steal from nobody. I just stole from the stoves for sure. Shout to Robinhood facts. Listen on the, on the west side of the bracket you got Tennessee and Ohio State playing in. That's a rough bracket. It's a crazy bracket. 'cause the winner, that game gets Oregon so it ain't gonna matter No way. Probably built to ass situation. No I'm just saying if you Oregon, you're pissed. Why you say that for? Because you're the number one overall C and then you have to fuck around and play against Ohio State or Tennessee. Yeah and it's crazy.


You know that that whole switch the big 10 shit. So you playing people who played to make a conference tournament or lost in the championship game. Yeah, that's And they two quality teams though for sure. But they also gotta play each other for they gets to them so they gotta beat each other up for they gets go. But playing Ohio State, arguably y'all the two best teams in the nation. I mean Yeah fair enough to lost. They lost to Michigan. But we know what that rivalry, that game is like. It don't matter what the records are. Two too shy, too shy, you know what I mean? But yeah it is, it's not a cakewalk at all. Arizona State Clemson, they'll get the winner of Clemson and Texas. Which I imagine Texas should win that game for sure. Red Texas and Georgia game went to the wire yesterday. Overtime it was game. But we'll see how good Arizona State is.


I ain't tapped, I don't think into the Pac 12 like that. But they okay they ain't, I know what Texas is capable of too. Texas could be the best team in the nation when they playing Will. Yeah, I'm cool on Dabo Sweeney. So I'm cool off Clemson. Iu, Notre Dame the winner gets Georgia so their season will end after that. So you know, shout out to both of those teams for great season. Georgia. I think Notre Dame gets Georgia though. Oh I draft Kings will be the odds will be your favorite brother please. Five 20. I got a hundred on Notre Dame B in Georgia. Oh. Shout out to you. Five, seven folk gonna love you 'cause that motherfucker want you a hundred K easy. Fuck it. It's worth a try. SMU verse Penn State gets Boise State. I got Penn State.


Penn State might be able to make a couple upsets but what the state about to get demolished. Ah yeah we'll it is gonna be tough. You know that nigga disrespecting people conferences but you know what I'm saying, they still win 55 yards. Oh you disrespectful. That might be his thing. They gonna put eight in that box. Pause and it is going. I ain't watching that one show right now. But they gonna put eight he box nigga. It's gonna get crazy. It's a wild train. Shout to Cynthia. Boy, I hope your still up to par. You just throw eight in the train every foot every Friday before the football game. That's a real person. Yeah, well soon Cynthia. Oh damn. Wherever she may be. If eight niggas crash you on a regular basis at one time, like yeah I gotta, you have no choice but to go to Yeah.


Oh you have to be a Yeah, you have to. You can't go back bro. Like voluntary lay lives like No I'm just saying like you gotta go to the league if you hit eight girls at like if you mess with eight girls at one time, when you go back to one girl you gonna be like, this ain't working out for me. Like all you got to bring seven friends like, you know what I mean? So her one nigga thought he was doing damage. She gonna be like, turn me up, it's not enough. Turn me up. It's always the last nigga to finish her though. I always wanna make a love. I know those seven used to. I know those seven just destroyed you. I'm here to love you.


Alright, nevermind man. Make nigga going last on the train bro. Make 18 the year this episode bro. It's a lot of niggas going last on that train session bro. No monetize on this. That's what you know your freak. That's what I'm talking levels are free. That's no monetizing this. He's guys strongest. We should start over y'all Don't dunno. They don't know what we talking about bro. Yeah, we did. Y'all can. I said Lauren, my spelling is different so we'll believe it. We're good. Just bleep a lot out please y'all. So don't bleep the train.


Shit that aint the box is real life. Jesus Christ. Christ's different but you laughing don't make it better. You supposed to keep us on a straight, you laugh and you said bring the noise. We did. Oh my God. Did you imagine the 2000 Ravens? Oh my. Who the best Ray Lewis was. He gave a speech before they did. Oh my god. He walked in the door with the dance. Yeah.


Fuck the mother nigga. Nah man. Who y'all got winning the college football championship though? Oh man, the playoffs. Who gonna win it? I don't know. I'ma just probably pick through I, I'll say Oregon man. Oregon man. Whooping ass all year. I got Ohio State because I'm gonna place my bet now on a national champ. If I had to bet money, I'd say Georgia, I got Ohio State. I think the best team probably could do it. Oregon more than some down money. But listen man, this is a new playoff For more teams. Anything can happen. Like you said, these are all talented teams and these are college kids, so, but I'd be surprised if some shit get dicey. Not at all. Yeah, for sure.


Game on because e ESP n plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude law now streaming. Finally team up with morally Flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the Blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus. Available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoda. Copy from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So Join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the Holidays.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlocked device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast, sifting through leads. Creating content for infinite channels endlessly. Searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With Breeze HubSpot's collection of AI tools, you can pinpoint the best leads possible. Capture prospect's attention with Clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more.


Welcome To TG presented by SoFi Golf's newest league. It's sharp and it's electric. How is it sharp? How is it electric? Good questions. Try this on for size. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime, forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24 of the best players from the PGA tour split into six teams. Atlanta, Boston, Jupiter, la, New York and the Bay. This isn't your average Sunday pickup game. Catch the inaugural TGL match. January 7th only on ESPN. Keep up, it's golf.


Hey man, Internet's man asking man. I know y'all seen Michael Marcus Jordan. Oh my boy. What did he do? I don't do that 'cause Jeff just followed me on Instagram so nah, shout to Jeff tap me the nah. Yeah for sure. I seen Marcus album to called Murphy. Fuck the brother nigga. My, he was in the club. I seen that video. Not, not a bad person get boy you going for the Yeah, I like his guy. That's a, that's a nice upgrade on me. Listen. Woo. Go get all the OGs. I feel him pull. I ain't mad at that at all. Marcus Jordan, he got Larson Player of the year. Oh no, no disrespect. Shout to Scotty Pitman. He said Junior. He said he love the show. Nah, he fucked with bro. Nah, gotta keep moving.


Yeah, but I mean it is what it is. You know what I mean? You can't help who your mom date but shit we know that he upgraded like Nicole Murphy is. Yeah bro, he on that. I ain't never met him getting caught with that. Yeah he on that. That's a great daddy. He ain't saying too much. He like son just live. Oh you know to the NBA shit we brownie off the court, you know what I mean? Tap to the real and not him my nigga because Nicole Murphy paid nigga. He said I'll see, I'll see Bronny play Home games only play home games level up when I see him in the club with Short as said. Yeah bro, he a different kind of nigga. He really get to it. Yeah, I like his song. He got different type of contact in his phone.


Shout out to Marcus man. I like his vibe. Yeah, white, the Bounceback king. I like his vibe. Listen man they been having some wild ass player celebrations recently. Did y'all see Jordan Pool yesterday? What'd he do? Man, he went crazy yesterday. What the, I seen you killing but drowning or whatever the fuck he said drowning the pool. Yeah. Jordan Pool. Shout to you. How many he hits? Six threes. I think it was a little bit more than that. Six or nine or some shit like that went crazy yesterday. He said drown in the pool. Drown in the pool man that yeah he do a little nose shit. Oh that's hard. I was gonna ask you what was crazy as that or the, the JB throw slash nah Jordan pool. Jordan pool. That's throat slash cost $25,000 on they hit Hit My boy with a fine for that. What?


Yeah, I'm cool. NB ain't playing with nigga. Hey Rich, you get hit for this? No. Nah but that's a little bit different from this. Shout out to you. What does that mean though? Well YouTube will tell you that's some wrestling shit though. What does that mean in wrestling when you go across your neck finish him. Yeah, that's what Undertaker did. Yeah. Yeah I know bro. NB said well I ain't gonna say that. Nevermind. I don't want our show. I was gonna say I know somebody who, nope, y'all see Ja Marin dunk. Hey Ja lie Ja Marin bro. He bro, his his ability to jump is crazy bro. That's an elite dunk. That's poor Zenga right there bro.


And I don't and I don't care bro. Yeah that is crazy. I just turn around crazy bro. Yeah bro, I couldn't believe he did it for real. Nah, that that's crazy bro. What's he not bro? He ain't not supposed to be able to do that bro. What's crazy of that or the sha guy from Michigan? Ooh that's shame guy from Michigan. That's one of the hardest shame guys I've ever seen in my life. I told y'all niggas still doing that move. That nigga stumbled bro. That nigga Fla say Sham and Cheese. Hey I ain't never seen somebody get hit bro. He hit with a sham guy and then dribble again and still got the leg bro that was elite. That Sham guy was filthy. But like you said y'all baseline bro about five 20 in the morning all we gonna talk more about that in morning. But him going baseline on on Virginia like like I don't care that you there bro.


Scratch that was crazy. Shout out to that nigga man. He hooked that guy. Yeah that's just, that shammy was crazy. That's so disrespectful bro. Bow, he was so confused that he got, he was there moving nigga just had to fall. We ain't, it ain't gonna be on a YouTube video. We all here let's talk about it by five 20 in the morning. So alright now we talk about this again in the morning. That movie was worthy of us discussing this multiple times. That shit's crazy but nah man doing the doing the drowning the pool is hilarious man. Yeah that's hard. He doing his thing man. He having fun. He is kind of like shit we know we ain't winning. I might as well go out here and just kill and just hoop and have fun while I'm here not causing no problems. What's crazy is the game that they did win, they fucked up Yoko's best game this season.


What Yoic have 60 I believe 56 and lemme go through a he had 50. I feel it came with a triple Dub though didn't it? I think it was almost one but it might have been. Let me be clear. I don't wanna fuck up yo kid Sha fuck them niggas because I'm there. They lost too. They did. I was gonna say the wizard had won all in the fucking month and then the one game win, fuck up his stats. 56, 16 to eight. Damn. Damn y'all, y'all damn niggas don't kind of wanna say it but let's talk about it. Anybody fuck dog you don't. I'm real put let's talk about it. You gotta be in that conversation I told you bro everywhere y'all told me I was outta pocket man it shout to Pat you and his line.


No disrespect at all. I is just the only thing that I was against you with the Pat Ewing shit is that you had to see Pat Ew and Alonzo morning and David Robinson multiple bigs back then the game was different for sure. So I don't know if Yoko would've been playing like that ar Vita Saboni was cold back in the day, you know what I mean? Had that red shit but so what he is doing now in a uptempo was guard him though. Let's be real no offensive yogi but like who was gardening probably nobody bro. Whatever. I don't even know the big Yeah but I'm just saying for him maybe but he's doing that in the NBA today's game. This is a guard league for you to still be the best nigga ever like in this era.


For real to me. This young era. Come on bro. He's back to back 50 bro. When his young era bro he the best bro out post LeBron because LeBron shit in there, you know what I mean? He's probably done but yo is is unbelievable bro. Come on bro. And he went and got a ring too. I think people act like they don't wanna talk about that too. Like he was the best player on the team that got a ring bro. And you, you see what he does, you see what happens when he not there. It is different bro. Yeah he he better than he. He the second ah on this 20 from 2020 up I'm, I guess he was about to crash out for a second 2020 up. I'm gonna crash out in the, he the best. He best bro crash out in the morning sleep on it. Oh Rob don't let me die from 2020 on Yoka is the best bro.


I can't wait till we talk about this morning in morning especially we get that final score bro. But what he's doing bro, everybody wasn't doing that. Like you said, I ge definitely understand that time that they was playing more better bigs consistently. But now bro it was would've been able to if he got the ball in them situations like you said if they played inside out there he would've had that same benefit too. And if he's doing that with this numbers when he'd got the ball that consistently bro. But it is not, this is my only knock with that. He's a, he cold. I'm not getting it fucked up. It just, it's not, no David Robinsons in the NBA today bro. It's not no Charles Barkleys, it's not no Pat Unions, it's not no mornings, it's not no motherfucking Eli Wines. It's not no Shaqs. It's a lot of, there's not no car Malones.


Thank God this is different bro. It was a bruiser mentality back in the day. Like the inside out shit was real. You really had to feed the post in the end, work your way out back in the day. Fuck. So I don't know, I I think he would've been able to kill it just your job would've been harder bro. David Robinson was damn near built like Hulk Hogan bro. Niggas ain't, he ain't posting up no niggas like that these days. Yeah we don't even know who he played against against the Wizards bro. Yeah that's true. You know what I'm saying. So that's all I'm saying. My only thing I agree with that but then every time, you know what I'm saying, he match up with Joelle even though Joelle get at him too like we said MVPI seen him kill him too. No. Yeah but Joelle do his big shit too for sure when he healthy like it is and he's one of the best too for sure.


Yeah. Regardless of injury or not Joel and B'S one of the best in ever. It's just crazy how it's a guard league and them niggas, you gotta kind of say they in the MVP run every time they healthy it's that shit weird. Yeah that's crazy that he don't even talk and be killed like this. Imagine if he cared enough to like be vocal about this shit. Like if he wanted to get that crown engagement bro. I think we kind of overdo it though when we say he don't care it's just he ain't Oh I think he cares. I just don't think he cares about what everything else comes with. Like he ain't be good at basketball like that. The NBA bro you, that nigga IQ is just retarded bro. I think he care about basketball. I think he don't care about being famous. There we go Star. Yeah I think he just like playing the game and going about his business. But I wanna talk, I I got a crazy take so I'm gonna let y'all have that tonight.


I'm gonna, oh Lord, I'm gonna wild out in the morning. Okay. Respectful me up. But what, how y'all feel about Kendrick adding a Toronto show to his tour? Adding an extra one? Yeah. Yeah. 12th and the 13th. Is he well in December? Nah, it's in J it's in June I believe. Is he well performing in Toronto? Nah, and we gonna see, we, we gonna see, we gonna see if you can really shut me down now you got two shows to stop and you probably can't do it so you gonna have to deal with it but that's why it's wild. 'cause you didn't, you didn't violate the fuck outta me. I'm suing you and you coming to my city but he ain't suing Kendrick. Who he suing? He's the Universal. Yeah that ain't, that ain't really directed at Kendrick. But also he did stop quote unquote allegedly the TDE artist from performing in Toronto.


So the fact that he double it down like, alright nigga stop this, it's me a scissor. You can't stop that. Damn. I didn't, I don't, yeah I didn't know all of that but I, I think Drake is to me I think he doing too much. It's just a sport bro. Let's just rap, let's just do our thing. I kind of got the best of you right now. It's cool. Just rap bro. Get in the booth trying to stop me from coming to a city and not in tour the world. You probably don't have as much pull as you think you got and I'm gonna come to this bitch and shut this motherfucker down when I come because if you think I'm gonna go to Toronto and ain't nobody pulling up. Shout out to Ssar. I love Scissor but Sza ain't no fucking Kendrick Lamar so let's just keep it real.


I dunno what you mean by that. She not as big as Kendrick Lamar. Oh yeah, no tour wise. Yeah Scissor probably sell more than Kendrick as far as like touring. He had to go get scissor to do arenas. Nah, Kendrick, Kendrick didn't need Scissor to do to do arenas. No but This to sell off those menus Jesse. He does They they doing stadium, stadium stadiums. Excuse not arenas. Yeah to do stadiums just the fuck he did. Nah bro, I don't tripping. Don't think Kendrick's doing stadiums by himself. No rappers doing stadiums selling out by themselves right now. I know I've seen this other places we not trying to buy on that conversation but nah for real bro. Ain't no artist today Rapper Wise is selling out no s csa. S CSA is big. Don't get it fucked up. But I don't think y'all understand the dynamic of how big this shit is when Kendrick go on tour bro.


For sure. Yeah we he's he's Light Stadium, he's light years bigger than her. Nah, no bro Stadiums. Yes he is bro. Go look at the number. So they last tour bro. Scissor tours very, very well bro. It's a great combination right now when it's hot. Like he is a bigger artist than her bro. Right now if you say a bigger artist because I don't think he probably he's been a bigger artist since, since they came out. Since she came out and he came out. Kendrick has been a bigger artist than Scissor. I don't disagree with you But he needs her. He needs her. They, he can't do a stadium without sister. Even Drake had to go on a tour with somebody else to get to sell out or know like you said those venues it's, it is not a knock towards anybody. That's fine anyway. I'm saying Drake ain't about to stop that bro.


You have to prove that nobody's gonna come to these shows like oh yeah everybody's, everybody's not pulling up. They're coming to see Kendrick bro. Yeah it ain't no beef with CSA and fucking Drake bro. No and Toronto. So niggas is coming to see what the fuck Kendrick is about to say. I don't give a fuck who else was on the ticket with him for sure and like even shout out to like Schoolboy q and m like some of the artists that was going that situation they got shut down. Yeah you might have that influence over them but you could get that. But this situation bro and I think it's another f you from Kendrick, you can't do nothing with me in this situation. You got Star Power everybody else you don't have Star Power with me and I got SSA now What? I just think this shit is just getting too soft. But it's probably deeper than what we know though.


I don't know. Shit. Yeah I can't wait till Drake drop. We probably ain't gonna drop for a minute but when he do it's gonna be hard. Do you think we'll get a Drake album next year? 2025? Do you we get a Drake album, not a, not a collaboration album. I seen the one they're talking about with him and p and D, excuse me, him and p Diddy P. Oh that might be, oh I was gonna say what I hope that don't come out p and d Far next door. Do we get a solo Drake album next year? Nah, he need to do a p and d. He need to go like a whole different way. He don't even need to like try to rap hardcore. He need to come with that party next door. Them vibes bring the vibes, bring the girls back. The vibes is gonna be fire. He can still go crazy As much as people talk about Drake, Drake is still Drake and his catalog is soon Elite and he still makes good music.


He can come back and go crazy in the summer and it's gonna be what it is. I love Drake music. I just don't fuck with all the outside shit bro. I ain't with all the gimmick and all that shit. I'm just, just hoop that's all. Say get in the booth, that's all bro mean. That's how a lot of people feel about the situation. They're just like all bro like we get it like enough of that shit like go make the fire music or Don. Yeah just make it fun man. I just think you just kind of bring down the the value of rap doing all this suing and all this other extra shit bro. It ain't about that. That's money. Yeah, I was gonna say I think that aspect of it, I think he just found the land like yeah I'm losing to this but I'm, this is my benefit 'cause even I'm somewhat guilty of this but I don't know what that is. Like I said that's above my pay grade. But like you said there's a lot of money behind that figuring out what really cost us a stream shit.


Yeah that's get your money man because that nigga apparently what they're talking about how, how much this catalog is worth, it's like certain decades combined that his catalog is still greater than Damn that shit tough. Yeah. Yeah I mean this how fast this motherfucker dream came back. Ah Respect. It's not Lemon Drop is it? Damn that's crazy. She talking about close. All right I want y'all look in y'all phones right now. I sent this earlier, I don't know if y'all seen it. Have y'all seen the family guy NBA highlight edits? Yeah I've seen that. Hey man no I ain't seen that. Hey man family guy is, I never understood how they gonna get canceled.


Some of the stuff they say on Family Guy is amazing bro. Oh they have crashed out for years bro. Yeah they don't ever get canceled. Like like the one where they had Selena, the lady that killed Selena. I'm like bro what? How y'all get away with this bro? Listen even some of like South Park is even people, you know what I'm saying, been in songs and stuff like that and people had some ridicule but hey man that show Undefeated. Yeah I fuck with Family Guy. Is family guy better than South Park? Yeah. Hell yeah. Probably the best cartoon of that type of situation for sure. That's just like dirty white jokes. Nah, nah Family guys they don't, everybody it's fair they on that with everybody.


Fuck niggas white people. I watch that shit. Oh you ain't ever protecting the oh bro. Tools girl though bro. Nah bro, they wild bro. This is like what the Simpsons should be. Yeah bro they wild bro. Did niggas watch The Simpsons at all? I never, I'm I'm not bullshitting y'all bro. I no Simpson, we grew up watching Real Life nigga tv. I didn't watch none of that shit. Bugs Bunny, none of that shit. Oh yeah the Simpson damn sure ain't that but yeah I used to always catch in the passing but people look, that shit been on TV for fucking never too. Ah Facts. Yeah y'all got here for trouble bro. That's all right. Shout out to the cartoons bro. Cartoon Network, I ain't watch that ain't make y bowl of cereal bro. Sit in front of the TV bro.


So long y'all watched the it y'all watch. Hey Arnold, what's all this shit I did watch. Hey Arnold Rugs rug. We watching Smart Guy Hood Martin hanging with Mr. Cooper. Do you remember El Re in the house? Yeah that was a solid show together in the box and now it's time ISO Cam do not, I don't wanna see a wide shot of this at all. I don't know what the, that's a Gull Go Island nigga right there. Nah, gull was like this gala Gala. What was that thing that he had with him though?


It was called a poll wall. My cousin looks just like that motherfucker dog. God damn for a real DLA Gala Island I seen. Wait for real? Yeah. Who was gonna be the black man in that? It is the real old black man. He old now. He still around? Yeah he is still alive. I thought that was a nigga from New Jack City. Damn. I just remember hearing about that shit. But yeah Island what's y'all think about the Lion King? They making another Lion King stop. I fucked his Lion, lion King Nja Turtles. I did fuck with just the movies though and making another one. It was called like Mufasa and Sim. It's like the origins of shit of Mufasa and shit.


Yeah I, I mean I guess for the kids go crazy but after the first Lion King that was enough for me. I ain't need none of the other ones. The Live King, I mean the live actual one I didn't watch, I didn't care about none of that shit. Mufasa, MUFA, FOA. Oh I got, I know I like that but that's coming around. Curse me you wanna come out? That was a nigga that was crazy wasn't it foa? Nah, I mean Fo was the day who got smoked out. Who was, who was the Scar? Yeah that's a kafi ass nickname on me. They come out on the 20th. Oh damn that's oh this month. Oh they about to eat. They won Christmas. Yeah. Yeah nigga they got a Lion King movie for Christmas. That's all Winter break Kids money. Yeah. Oh we was, me and Pete was talking about this today like what's y'all favorite Christmas movie?


So we, what's it like 16, 15 days until Christmas? What is it? 18 or something like that. 17, 17 days Christmas we was gonna watch a Christmas movie for everybody. Santa Claus is mine. Probably Home alone though. Home alone. Santa Claus is for me though. I forgot dude name in that. The white man in that in Santa Claus. A movie called Santa Claus. Tim Allen. Tim Allen. Tim Allen? Yeah. Yeah that's oh yeah, yeah Mines is jingle all the way. I swear I was just about to say I swear my son Where they go look for the The Toy. Toy? Yeah. Schwarzenegger in Sinbad Fire movie. Oh okay. Yeah that fire as movie, fuck with that. I'm a national Skiba was a whole ass nigga. He was a hater. He was a hated ass nigga.


Yeah, yeah. He was hating didn't go all the way one of my times. Fuck, fuck Arnold. Arnold White. I fuck with Jack Frost. Damn I never seen that. I'm a old school nigga that the Lampoons Christmas movies always one of my favorites too. I always watch that every time. For sure. National One. It was so many of them. National Lampo. What about the Grinch? Y'all fuck with the Grinch? Nah it wasn't the the Grinch is. The Grinch is solid. I ain't, it ain't my favorite but I ain't man carry one probably Friday too for me. Probably after next. Yeah definitely. That nigga said he's tired of getting that barbecue from up the streets. They your mo. Hey what was shorty name? They gimme Mo sauce than they give Gimme meat.


Take your big ass to bro. Barbecue. Barbecue. Hey what was Shorty name in that? Which one? That cat had that Ice Cube was trying to get on everybody. Was mama got her name Carla? No that's the other one That's in next Friday. Yeah she was all right. Donna, Donna, Donna. Where they give you most sauce? Donna had them eyes boy they give you me my favorite part of the was my pinky pulled up. He said we got donation. Nope, I got bitches Baby DI love that movie. Yeah, I ain't gonna lie. Yeah that's probably my favorite Christmas baby. I seen Bad Cent one. Yeah, bad Santa Funny as Funk. Bad Santa.


What's the one the girl movie Good Moms like holiday or something. Oh y'all know what you're talking about. That is Fry Best Move too. I that movie too. Hey y'all seen almost Christmas? Is that what Chris Brown? It is this one with JB Smooth? Yeah, Denny Glover. Monique, I ain't seen that but you have to Omar Epps, you have to watch it bro. Almost Christmas is funny as fuck. I know who's strong about, it's a lot of flavor shit that happened. That movie is there one with Kerry Sen in it. Yes. Yes. Yeah. I ain't seen that with this. Christmas is cool too. Is Preacher's wife a G movie, preacher's wife a movie. That's too serious for me. Yeah, that that hit too close to home too. Niggas love that movie.


Yeah that was, I ain't really, I can't really remember that movie like that. That was fried bro. Yeah, the church is fucked up bro. Yeah. Shout out to all the altos getting cracked. Shout out to the Christmas bonus. That's crazy. I hate this church. That little nigga killed me. No that was me at nine for sure. You can tell why his pants was Cup that video. He as hell nigga. That's swear God I Who? The baddest little kid y'all ever see on the internet. Oh damn. Damn on the internet. Yeah the little nigga that was just with Kai. Nobody worse than my little homie who stole his mama card.


Hey grandma car And they made the boondocks Fool. I smoked with cigarettes. The little fat nigga. Nigga what I wanna do Hood Right things with my friend. Nah. Yeah he was bad. He was bad as fuck. He was bad. What? He said? Yeah. And then he, he had, we got follow up now. Little Milton Bullock, he's bad. Well this nigga said yeah he wanted the fried chicken. Fried chicken took me out man. Smoked Cs. He beat his grandma for the fried chicken putting hands into your grandma's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. He said he just wanted that chicken. Boondocks is crazy. Boondocks is the greatest show ever bro.


But another You ever watch The Boondocks the cartoon? No you never watch the Boondocks. You true. You tripping bro. You would. You would love the Boondocks bro. That is you be me. You are the Boondocks bro. You Nah, I never tuned in. It was fake. Nah, that's shit. Oh my nigga you, I have fake do all real stories. Oh for real. Kinda like they make fun of real stories. Like they did this little nigga, they did the dude, the gay dude, the the Tyler Perry episode of Boondocks. You have to watch bro. He is the reason why that show definitely came to a halt. You need to watch the r Kelly too. They made Tyler Perry gay on the bro. They no, they Bullock. No, no they beyond that. They crazy. They were crazy. They disrespected the whole, they went crazy situation bro. It's ridiculous.


You have to watch it bro. Yeah, I ain't the r Kelly the Usher episode. You gotta watch the Oh bro, you, that shit aired. Yeah you know the gay dude that got outta jail saying he I want you. Yeah I want, I like you. He, you know that one. I know who you are Chris Hansen. So they had Chris Hansen come like Catch a Predator. He like yeah I called you over here. I know You'all, I know y'all, I want you. I won't you. And I like the gay nigga was saying that to Chris Hanson. Yeah but you got but trying to crack Chris Hanson is crazy. Boom Doc is crazy shows. Yeah I never seen that before. I of it though. The boom Docs is one of the greatest shows of all time. Man. Man they had it. Virginia King desire way more credit for how episode.


So that's that. Y'all talking about Tyler Perry, that's when we was adults though. Yes bro. Y'all definitely tapped that nigga a fried chicken flu bro. Bro. The Martin Luther King episode when he came back, bro, one of the best episodes of all time bro. Dead cast bro. They are funny as hell man. Suck gay rappers. Gangs delicious bro. Gangs delicious bro. Do the man do the man. Yeah y'all tapped in. I ain't bro. Bro you have to watch bro. The niggas in the comments will see. It gonna be like they gonna send you episodes bro. It's the funniest shit of all time bro. Gonna cry. You too. Y'all don't be on there. Y'all hit the dm Do the man, he just got arrested again. Oh damn. He's still bad.


That's crazy bro. He still got Bill, little Bill still driving crazy man. Come on Lil Bill. That nigga look like Clarence Weather fool bro. That little nigga was crazy man. He said smoke What C Witch. I know we here, we about to get off the topic but home alone. What your favorite one? First one, first one. New York. New York. I like New York. That's how my nephew, we got a story to tell you. I don't know if we ever told it on here. My nephew, we went to New York for All Star and I told my nephew you can order room service. And he thought he was on home alone and he ordered $6,000 worth of room service.


Malcolm, what the fuck was you doing? No, for real. What was you ordering? Chicken, tinters, fries, milkshakes. Them motherfuckers came with cocaine though. 6,000 chicken tins is crazy. Hey though, Malcolm was getting bumped on on their plate on the appetizer bro. He was going crazy. That was a secret menu. That nigga was going crazy. Damn. Six K. Six k Child of Bud. Yeah Bud ended up paying that bill for us but man nephew went crazy. I was like nigga ain't no way who ordered this? I looked at the room number, Malcolm Snake, he went crazy.


He was really good. My nigga didn't know where to go. He wasn't have grown. He was living his home alone. Dream man. Damn. Hey that movie is what hotel was y at? We was at Ritz Carlton. Oh yeah, definitely. Them bitches is definitely a, a band for sure. That's what yeah the one that much up in one night is hilarious. He was there what, two nights, three nights. That is fucking hilarious. Three nights. Three nights. Shout to coach Bud. Man. He ain't even know what he covered. Nah he don't. But three nights my boy ran up six K. That's crazy. The real part of you shout to That's crazy. Home alone. I I one is Far Ali two. 'cause two was niggas was, he was doing a lot.


He was doing a lot. Yeah when he had that little recorder I wanted that motherfucker bad. Nah, straight up. I I begged for that. Yeah. My momma was like boy you ain't getting that. That's fate. No that was definitely real. I was like I can record. It was just not in the budget. I'm all thinking I can record act like I went to school. I can act like I went to school and I was thinking all the wrong. You ain't getting that man. It's so funny now Christmas chopping as an adult. You go back and look what your parents said no to it and said nah you can't get this man. That was like nah that was, that was real. You just didn't wanna buy it. It was cool. Yeah like some of those prices I be looking at. I'm like mama that wasn't even that much. Like I brought one of a couple wrestlers. Wrestlers with $10 mama.


Nigga we only get two. Right. Nigga two nigga. That was just a 20 nigga you could sl that somebody got extra 10. Yeah, I split that up. Find something for five. It was 15 of us. So hey somebody put by the door at the Steel 10 zone. They said shout to t. What's the book said his name was name Roy. Shout to Roy. Man. Roy. Yeah. Yeah them I'm still sick. It's a wild name for a white boy. That boy come from Humble beginning bro. Hopefully you got a name Change. Change. Your name was crazy. Your your white daddy named me. You Roy. He already started you off on the bad note.


You know what's crazy? A lot of people DM me about that like foster, like people that was in foster families and stuff like that. They were just like, damn bruh. Like it is dope that you went through that. I was like, I would try and make fun of it but it is like, I dunno they was like saying like no they was like shit we one of them bro. That's cool. Trying Embrace. Embrace. Yeah like of all I wanna respond a couple of y'all but it is about 300 y'all that wrote me this. Hell you got a lot of homeless people following you. They're not homeless. They were adopted. They was in foster families. Man. I know but when you go to, but when you go to the the what's the name, you damn near homeless bro. Where your mama don't want you bro. You homeless. Nah, they be getting taken like from they parents and stuff.


When you go to the, what do you call that home? The foster home? The group home. The group where you go to the group home bro. Be getting in trouble bro. It be a lot of different reasons why people be certain. I know what your parents listen if you lemme tell y'all something, these niggas try to keep shit pg. If your mama put you out, nigga you homeless, they send you to the group home. They get taken from them. They like get in trouble at school and stuff so they not be safe. Yeah, yeah. Or they might get in trouble at school and they get taken from their friends. I mean it's reasons. It's this, you know you got a crack head mama and then you got a badass kid. But you gotta be super bad for your mama to put you out the house and send you to some other people's houses, bro.


That be bad as hell. Hey y ever seen a white boy on scared straight? Type it in Mike. He been, he said why you on try parole? He said, he said I ain't seen my kids. He said try parole yo white heavy yo. And you can tell fucking talking crazy. You good here. I ain't seen my kids. He was like, you should try parole. Fuck up. Calm down bro. You should call yo. Y'all gotta, if y'all ain't seen it, my YouTube family, I gotta go check. I don't give a fuck how bad my kid get bro. To push your kid in a group home. It's crazy. Yeah. What I mean he's in the boarding school.


Yeah, I check. That's just wild. He open that door. He won't go in there and open it. So any of y'all that grew up in a group home, y'all got my mad respect bro. Y'all be grown and got through that. Nah for sure man. I fuck with you. Adversity early on. It was crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't fuck with my mama. She put me out. Hell nah. Hey man, I mean, you know, send me the little orphan and I'm cool. Bitch, I'm you through. It's a lot of people go through stuff man. So no, that's why I fuck with the people who go go through it. But the parents bro, you out of pocket for sending your kids to a group home. It, the parents going through some stuff. Oh. So that'd be the, the thing is they, they be unstable. Yeah. As I got older I, I like appreciate my parents actually doing that though. At first I used, when I was younger I used to be like, man, it's some bull like Yeah because you selfish at that point.


Yeah. But as I got older I'm like, damn bro, y'all really like, that's dope. And like even my cousins, they do it now. They adopted some kids and they part of our family now. They adopted like what, four kids? Yeah. If my, if my crazy glue wasn't working, I'd probably adopt a cou a couple and they had four of their own kids adopted four more. Mm. That's a different, that's a different glue. Yeah. Money glue. Yeah. Stop my show. I respected that though. As I got older I was like damn, that's crazy. So them though. Nah for sure man. Especially this time of the year, like you said with the holidays, lot of people getting extra love and shit like that. A lot of people be needing help. Especially this time of the year. Man, I'm excited. We got something in in the midst who working on, know what I'm saying?


Taking care of a couple families. No, we not doing this shit for social media. But it's the time of year where people need some help. They may not say I only got money for single Mamas. That's his ministry. But the Club five 20, that's it. We'll be helping a couple families out. You know what I'm saying? Showing love. I won't be a part of it. I'm only a part of the single mamas with 2, 2, 3 kids. I, if it's, if it's a nigga in the house and the grandma and the mama and the grandma's a baby, fuck you. Single mama B. This is not a club. Five 20. I will be excluding myself from that. What do you call it? Ministry. Fuck 'em. If Mike gives me, gives y'all any of my money I'm pulling up.


Why you can't help a man? That one. Nah bro, I'm asleep bro. There's too many single mamas out here struggling. I'm only fucking with the single mamas with kids bro. Okay. Four families. I'm asleep. What about a single dad? Single dad. We'll fuck with you, okay, okay. Because that bitch ain't shit we can fuck with you. Hey that's the we wear when we do it. Yeah. We gonna fuck with you. Y'all crazy man. Go ahead and plug Hex man. Before we get outta here. Don't even shout out Club five 20. Nah, I'm just saying bro. hex.com We'll be live and active back on December 26th, bro. Is Mr. Morgan on that one? Who? Kenny X? Nah, nah, nah. I'm the real Mr. Marcus.


My boy passes. I'm wearing the TIMOs. Actually I'm wearing the Timbo. Dicks Black. You wear black Tim White laces say Mr. Marcus for sure. RP. That's the reason I chain. Oh, he ain't did? No he ain't not. Oh motherfucker. Well he a youth pastor now, so no. Wait, what? For real? Yeah, he a pastor now. Yeah. Yeah, bro. No way. He's a pastor. Yeah, that's a, that's a hell of a switch up. Yeah. You know most of these pastors niggas, ex-drug dealers all kind of shit. My God. Oh God. Yeah. Korean must be a deacon at that church. Man. Bob man. Ain't no way. Mr. Marcus is a pastor. Yes, we know Mikey can find that shit fast.


Yeah, that's a part of the, the same ministry. Oh, same church. But shout out to him. He did that. Shout out to Friendship too. Since about church though, nigga, don't figure out my church out after you said Mr. Martin. No, I just focal friendship. No. Talk to all the friendship followers. Nah, don't whole congregation watch us whole congregation. Yes, pastor Covey. T you shout when I'm 50 on me. Hey, we stop. Follow me on Instagram. Yeah. Have game.


That's on Instagram com. Com. You could got right here. Yes. Yes. Could went right. Damn. We might be back next week. Maybe not me. Fucking good. We had some dude. We have new tender. Thank God we hell The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC.


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus for bundle subscribers. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before. With ESP n plus. Unwrap a full day of NBA action streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus now streaming and on Disney Plus. Follow a new adventure across the galaxy in Star Wars skeleton Crew. Now streaming terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


This is Teddy Mellencamp And Tamara Judge from two T's In a pod As a Delta Sky Miles member, you already know how to experience the world like no one else. Now with Sky Miles experiences, you have special access to a collection of unforgettable events from concert backstage passes and courtside seats for your favorite team to one of a kind dining wellness retreats and more. All available by using your miles Now is your moment to unlock more once in a lifetimes and find an experience for you on delta.com/skymile experiences. Not a skymile member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning Miles today. Terms apply.


Once upon a time Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true Crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms apply


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, Whoa. When she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the Stable Boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa to whoa. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.