
This is an iHeart podcast. It's Megan, Are you ready for hashtag Megan? Summer? Megan. Megan. Megan. Megan. Megan, would you prefer that I give you a printout that you can read at your own pace? Megan? Yes, it's me. What a shock, et cetera. On June 27th, she has a Smoking hot warrior princess. Alright, me sax, let's get to work. Are you going to stand in my way? The bee is back. Do you Think you learned your lesson the first time? Megan, Megan 2.0 only in theater. June 27, 3 DPT 13,


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say. Do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old send back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Dove ice cream bars, chips Ahoy cookies, Arrowhead bottled water, and Charmin bath tissue. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online. For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions supply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


The volume. This show is a blast. It's hilarious, it's personal and it seems like it has no limits. Make some noise as loud as you can for Jeff Teague. Be he and DJ Wells host of the Club five 20 podcast. Make Some noise. Get yourself some draws. Get yourself some draws. There you go. Make some noise. Get some draws. Hit 'em in the back. Be hand back. There in the back. Be hand. There you go. Yes sir.


Yo, yo. Yo, yo yo. Fanatics. How y'all doing? How y'all doing? What up? What up? What up? What up? Yeah. Love the energy. Yo know what the time it is to this club. Five 20. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells live at Fanatics Mix man.


One time for Boost Mobile. We know the vibes. $25 unlimited talk text data. Where they at with the Teague 5G Nationwide. Y'all know what time it is? Come on man. Tap in, get you a phone man.


Still got my gang with me up here to my far left. We got my dog Bishop B here out the Pearl. He how you what? Nasty. What's saying? What up fanatics? My boy. What's up baby? What up? What up? Tapped in for sure to my right. My dog. Young Nacho young team. How you what? What's good? We got a good one today. Got a good one today. Come on man. Listen man. We got a special, special guest, man. We couldn't imagine that we would have digital in our platform, but it's a blessing. We about to have a dope conversation. We happy to share this moment with y'all. We have the one the only to commission. Mr. Adam Silver, join the five 20. Make some noise. Yes, sir. Yes sir. The gold. The gold.


Yes, sir. It's a pleasure. It's a pleasure. Thank you, man. Boss man. Woo. Hello. Yeah. Energy. Energy. Love this. Wow. First and foremost, we wanna say thank you. We appreciate you joining us, sir. How you doing? I'm doing great. It's, this is incredible. I mean, I, for the fans, this must be fantastic just to the whole environment here. I mean, congratulations to Michael Rubin. I can't believe what he's built. Oh, for sure, for sure. Listen, this is a blessing to have you on this stage, obviously. You know what I'm saying, T you got to walk across that stage. But for me and be in, it's our draft night moment, baby. We got Yeah, the real draft night.


Yeah. I got, I didn't, I didn't walk across the stage. I didn't go to the draft, but I got a chance to hear my name called. It was pretty cool. Yes. That was dope. You got a championship ring though. Yeah, I got a championship ring. That's better than being drafted. Yeah, I talk about it. I snuck out of there with one. Yeah. Now, I wanted to ask you this question, because everybody's moment, You know, is their dream to get across the NBA shake your hand and hold a jersey. What was it like for you the first time that you got to be in that position and host the drab as the commissioner? It, it was, it's, it's, it's emotional for me. It still is because, You know, for that moment to come into the NBA for these players and just as importantly for their families. So when you're standing up on stage, particularly for, You know, the top draft picks who are sitting there right in front of you, you're staring at often at their parents, their siblings, their friends.


So it's, it is truly emotional. I mean, I, I feel it along with them. And then when the guys come up on stage, I mean, obviously this is some of the best athletes in the world. They've already performed at a high level in college, in Europe or whatever else. Like when I put my arm on them and I shake their hand, they're often, you can feel how nervous they are. Yeah. You know, it's, it's such, and, and I think it's just a lot of them been holding in the emotion and it's just a release. Because even if you're projected to be the fifth pick or the fourth, but whatever it is, the reality of that actually happening. So I I I'm just saying like, I'm holding it together too. For a lot of them it's just, and, and it's, I'll just add it, it's a privilege to be up there. I I don't have any particular talent, You know, unlike a, a player.


So I, I realize I'm fortunate to be part of the experience. Who was the first player you introduced to the NBA, which is, I said, who was the first person you introduced to the NBA? Like what was your first period? Oh, man, I, I gotta think about that because, You know, I was the deputy commissioner for several years and did the second round as well. So I gotta think about that. I can't remember who the, who the first player is is that I drafted names. Most definitely. I wanted to ask you this question. Obviously, You know, legal background worked in the NBA as well, recipes, obviously the lake Great. David Stern. What was that moment like when you found out that you were going to be the commissioner? Oh man. I mean, I, I, again, I just remember feeling how fortunate I was.


I had at that point, I had already worked for the league for 20 years. Yes, sir. At the time I found out I had worked for David Stern that entire time. So I had a seat in the room, so to speak, for a lot of that had transpired over that time. And I, and I, I, again, I, I worked hard, but at the same time I realized it takes a fair amount of luck to be in the right place at the right time. I saw it as tremendous responsibility to carry this league forward off of all those great players. Yeah. That had come before me. Great. Commissioners, You know, David Stern being the most recent. So, You know, it, it, it was momentous.


There's no question about it, but, You know, it takes a while to sink in. You just, again, just, and I, and I still feel that even 11 years later, just, it's an awesome responsibility because in addition to the literally hundreds of millions of fans globally, that for the players, their families, the tens of thousands of employees of the NBA, You know, and now the WNBA that that we're part of, it's, You know, it's, you, you, you feel the weight of the responsibility and, and in this league, I mean, there's, there's incredible things that happen every day, but there's also things that are risk to the business, You know, and that, and it's ultimate responsibility working together with the players, with the team owners to make sure the league continues to operate smoothly.


So I I I would say I, I'm, I'm awestruck, but also feel that sense of responsibility. Most definitely. Sure. I got a question. We was talking about draft night and you being up there calling names and it's been some nights where guys' names didn't get called in that first round. What's that feeling like? Do you ever be like, man, I just hope, hope this kid gets called? 'cause obviously I didn't go to the green room, but I scared that was a scary feeling for me to be in the green room and not get my name called. And we had some guys go super, super late in the first round and be the last guy in the green room. Like, what's that feeling? You know, I'm, I'm often, it, it happens occasionally where there is a, a player who's projected to go higher and drops for whatever reason.


And often, in some cases in between break in between picks, I'll walk down and just say hello to the player and their family. I've, I've, You know, we have a lunch in the day of the draft. So I've, I've talked to them and I, and I see them before the draft, but also just to remind them that nobody can predict the future. That, I mean, I think about, You know, I mean our MVP and Shay, I forgot, I dunno, he was like the 11th pick or whatever. He wasn't a top 10 pick. Tyrese wasn't a top 10 pick, but not only were they not 10 top 10 picks, but they were both traded. Yeah, yeah. You know, and, and, and you have incredible players.


You know, YOIC was a second round pick. Yeah. Young man just pointed out to me, You know, dream on Green was a second round pick. I mean, you have, look at the current finals, You know, you have players who are enormous contributors who weren't drafted at all. And, and so I always see it as my responsibility to remind them that this is just one point in time. Yeah. And you should take motivation from this and that again, that, that, understandably these teams are making these decisions, but don't let that sort of prediction be controlling on you and go double down on your work because there's a reason that they're there, that they were projected to be there.


And even if, You know, if you think the NBA is the four 50 best players in the world. Yeah. So we have a relatively small draft compared, like if you watch the NFL draft, how many rounds they have, it's only a two round draft. So again, I just remind them like, yeah, it sucks in that moment. It feels embarrassing potentially, but go get 'em, You know, this, this isn't gonna determine your fate. For sure. That Definitely. You brought a very interesting point up. We're looking at the phones right now. Obviously game seven will take place very, very soon. You have two small market teams. You see a lot of the narratives are just like, oh, the N NBA's upset. We don't have bigger markets than that. We would love to have that conversation with you. 'cause obviously it's been great basketball being played and energy's been high.


You've been in both arenas. The fans there seem happy and just a narrative. Is it just like, nah, y'all not really tuned into the actual product? You know, I, I could say so much about that. A few things I'll say. One of the points I made the other night was, You know, I'm, I'm sure a lot of NFL fans here, when the Steelers and the Packers play, You know, Pittsburgh and Green Bay, nobody says two small market teams. Yeah. Instead, it's two storied franchises. And, and I want to emulate the NFL from that standpoint. I mean, our goal, and we're, we're on our way there that whatever market it is, they have passionate fans. They're competing for the championship. And just like in Milwaukee where you won that championship, Jeff, You know, it's, the story isn't that, it's a small market.


It's the best franchises in the NBA, the best teams in the world competing for championships. Yeah. And increasingly in a digital world where the incremental difference between Indianapolis and Chicago should become irrelevant because we have a global fan base. Yes, sir. We have something like a, a 2 billion person social media community. I mean, something like 70 million people will have watched the NBA finals this year. So the fact that there may be a million more people that live, live in one market or another shouldn't be the issue. Now I accept that it's a narrative going in. The other thing I'll point out, some of those markets are only smaller relative to the size of other NBA markets.


The, the mayor of Oklahoma City pointed out that 300 million Americans, close to 90% of Americans live in cities and towns that are smaller than Indianapolis and Oklahoma City. Like most of us, I I, I'm from the suburbs of New York, but I grew up in a town rye New York that had 15,000 people. Yeah. And, and so, and, and in my growing up, yeah, New York City wasn't that far away, but it seemed like it was a million miles away. That was my town. Right. When little league season started, we had a little league parade. My high school class only had a couple hundred people in it. That was my world. So I think it, it own this, this small versus big market narrative only becomes relevant because of historically how we've looked at things.


But, but again, the world's changing quickly. To me, if you're Giannis Satana, kpo and you're in Milwaukee, you're globally known. And nobody's gonna convince him that if you went down the road to Chicago, then you can be that much of a bigger star. So, and, and I lastly saying, just having going back and forth from Indianapolis to Oklahoma City and vice versa over the last two weeks, the passion is unbelievable in those towns. Facts. I just came in from Indianapolis this morning. I mean, you're there. Every storefront has banners in it for the Pacers. Same thing in Oklahoma City. Every building has a huge banner on it. Everyone's wearing merchandise. If you see on television, everyone's wearing the team colors.


It's like a college environment. And so in some ways, when you're in those markets where that are smaller, it captures people's attention even more than, You know, I live in New York City now when, when we have teams in this town that are competing for championships, as big as that audience is, it's not as all consuming as it might be in a so-called smaller market. Most nah. For sure. I mean, we were talking to a guy yesterday and he was telling us about how it was in New York when they were just making the Easter Conference finals. And I think that's what the narrative is. 'cause when you see all the people outside, it was, what, a million people almost outside. Yeah. You start thinking like, man, if they was in the finals, what would that look like? Exactly.


So I think that's what people even worse, You know, talk about. But to me, being from Indiana and seeing how the Pacers react and the fans are, it is crazy. I think it's beautiful for the league. Yeah. It it is. And also, I mean, when it comes to basketball, no state is more closely associated with the game than Indiana, obviously. I know you're still coaching high school. Yeah. Ball there. Staying in Oklahoma City. I mean, it's, this sport feels endemic to those markets. It's, as I said, it's not, there's the support for the thunder, for the Pacers, but also people just love the game. Yeah, yeah. In those cities and states and you can really feel it. And I think particularly the way these finals are being played, just the Good Basketball selfless style, the pass first, I mean, both teams, it's a great defense.


Really physical. I think people are really eating up these finals. They're just really enjoying them. For Sure. We'll be getting some expansion teams here soon. They What? The expansion teams, man. How you feel about that? You know, I, it's something we're gonna look at. Okay. It's, it's, it's more complicated. I think sometimes then people realize, because I think some people look at expansion that you're printing money. Yeah. But it's not because it's like, if you own something, you're selling an interest in it. If you're one of the 30 owners in the NBA and just say you expand by two teams, it's, it's not that different than selling a portion of your team to someone else. Okay. You know, having said that, there's so many great markets out there that love the NBA.


It's something we're definitely gonna look at. Okay. For sure. Yes. Hi. Hello. Now they, he said Seattle. We was just trying to figure out like what cities would be good to bring a new team too. I Think obviously they do the summer league in Vegas, so it's equipped for NBA basketball. So I know Vegas would probably be a cool spot. Like you said, Seattle had a team already. You know, it's interesting. I mean, we had a team in Seattle before. It's such an incredible market for sure. Many of my years at the NBA were spent when we still had a team in Seattle. There's no doubt about the love for basketball there. And Vegas, you just mentioned where we have our summer league. I feel like we have a team there. Yeah, yeah. Because, You know, the, the, the two weeks or so that summer league goes, it, it, it literally like, it consumes the whole basketball world.


Those games, when we first started playing the Summer league, they, those games were hardly even on television. Yeah. Now sports center's operating outta Las Vegas studio shows there, You know, it's, it's like they, I've never been to the baseball winter meetings, but that's what it feels like. Yeah. You know, all the general managers are there. Yeah. Teams are doing deals. Yep. Guys who weren't drafted are there, the draft picks are there, they're selling out in the arena. So like, I feel like we already have a huge presence in Las Vegas. Oh, definitely. Sure. I wanted to ask you a fun question. I recently introduced somebody to the movie Eddie, and then we watched Celtic Pride. So those old NBA movies that used to integrate all the things between us, me and his fans, fictional and the NBA. I wanted to know how does that happen?


Is there a licensing or a conversation that happens because, You know, you see a lot of things. May you, some of the players, some not. I would love to see, is that something that's in the works future as the game is growing, we get back into that, but how is a conversation or something like that happen? Well, the, the way it works and, and I, and I was at the league for Eddie and Celtic Pride and, and there's a division of the NBA called NBA entertainment that I used to run. And so when people, and for anybody here today or is listening to this, wants to make a movie involving the NB, its teams come to us. I mean, we try to make it easy. You know, in essence we come and say, if you want a license, You know, our logos or our name, You know, we want movies to ultimately be positive Of course.


About the league. So, You know, most people realize that. So it's not that we're not approving things that come to us, but we'll have discussions with the producers and the writers and the directors. But we want people to be talking about basketball. We want them to be talking about the NBA and the WNBA and all the things we're doing. So, You know, I think over the years we've learned to try to make it a bit more turnkey for people who want to use our intellectual property and say, please, You know, we, to the extent that you have a new angle, and it may be people want to do something about mascots. It's not always just about, You know, there was a movie called like Mike something you may remember, You know, there's, You know, the the Michael Jordan last dance, You know, that came out in the middle of the pandemic.


What's The movie with comedy? Just right. Just right. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I mean, but also even like, one of my favorite basketball movies is Hoosiers. Even though NBA had nothing whatsoever to do with that, like any movie that's about the love of the game is we think is, is really positive for us. So we're always encouraging people who want to do anything around basketball. You know, I'm, when I walk through this fan festival, I want more tension focused on basketball. I mean, that's like our, my job is to get more people to love this game. Most definitely. You say your favorite basketball movie is Hoosiers. That's very interesting. Yeah. Be Probably, probably you. Have you seen Hoosiers? Dude, come on. Yes, I've seen Hoosiers.


Did you seen Hoosiers? I haven't seen Hoosiers. Did you play back in the day in high school or anything? Did I play? Yes. That's why I wear him Merna suit. I played but not, well, I don't know. I mean, when you walked in I was like, okay. He might have, You know, set a screen that slipped to I didn't know you was that tall. I seen you. Yeah. I was like, he might have been a sniper. Big guard back in the day. We might need you in the park. Yeah. No, no. Yeah. 3D like I'm in the office. Thank you. So I had a question like, wouldn't like a tray like Luca?


It's Megan. Are you ready for hashtag Megan, summer? Megan. Megan. Megan. Megan. Megan. Would you prefer that I give you a printout that you can read at your own pace? Megan? Yes. It's me. What a shock, et cetera. On June 27th, she is A smoking hot warrior princess. Alright, me sax, let's get to work. Are you going to stand in my way? The bee is back. Do you Think you learned your lesson the first time? Megan, Megan 2.0 only in theaters. June 27 3D


PT 13.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint mobile unlimited premium wireless. How they to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020 bid get 15 15, 15, 15. Just 15 bucks a month. Sold. Give It a try. At mit mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required new customer offer for first three months only speed. Slow after 35 gigabytes of networks, busy taxes and fees. Extra semen mobile.com.


Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, That's tough. Jim Looks like a five trip load. At least He grabs the first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all One trip he shimmies the door open steps over the dog. Oh, and he stumbles. Oh, Right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eats his protein packed Ocos with 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos stronger makes everything better.


Hey There, it's Tara Ryan Seacrest for Safeway now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Kraft, Mac and cheese, Celsius energy drinks, Quaker chewy bars and sparkling ice flavored water. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions supply visit safeway.com for more details happens.


Right? And it kind of shocks the league like what's it like in the league office? Like do y'all know like, whoa, this is about to be wild or, You know, just for I I, You know, first of all, I'll say one of the misnomers I think out there is that I have the power to disapprove a trade. Yeah. I don't, I mean the, the only what the league's role is, as you can imagine in a, in a cap system and a set of rules around trades, what happens is before the trade is known publicly, although sometimes they're leaked or they're in or they're informally announced, but for a trade to be official, it gets called into the league office. Yeah. It's kind of old school, You know, where both teams have to get on the phone and lawyers and people in basketball operations literally line up the contract.


So if somebody make it up is making $8 million, you have to ensure that the other team has $8 million of cap space in order to sign that player. You have to be, you have to assure that it complies with all of our rules. And so we get, if, if, if assuming a trade hasn't been leaked, a call will come into the league office. A team will say, we wanna set up a trade call. Both sides will be on the call. It's a little bit like anybody who's bought a home and there's a closing. Yeah. It's the closest thing where you gotta make sure, like you indeed have the title to the house and there's been an inspection and there's a contract, all those things. So there's in essence a checklist and then the trade becomes official.


So we don't, and, and because the teams often in particular trades, and Luca's a good example where the teams are very secretive. They're not necessarily tipping us off. We, we learn about it. I mean we learn about it, be ahead of the public, but only, it's usually only a question of hours because we have to go through that official process of approving it. But, but not sooner than that. Was that like when you seen that come across where you kind of shocked like Yeah, I, I would only say, I mean, because in many ways I'm a fan. Like others and teams aren't necessarily calling the league office for suggestions on player movement. Yeah. So there's the fan in me that only because that's not a player move that people were talking about or the, the, the shows like yours were talking about.


I was surprised from that standpoint. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna ask you that question. Obviously with the game growing media is evolving, ever changing, right? You got player podcasts, you got independent stuff like that. What's one thing you think that the actual media outlets could improve that could actually help the game? I know we get a lot of criticism, but what's something that we could actually help promote the game better or help progress? Well, first of all, I'll just say kind of in the, in the same lane when I was talking about movies about the NBA, I'm very appreciative of the amount of media coverage we get. I recognize it's not all gonna be positive, but to me, as long as it's genuinely from the heart and it's real passion and people aren't making up stories about us, I appreciate it.


And You know, it's one of the things great about sports is people come with their opinions. Yeah. And they like things, they dislike things and we learn from that too. You know, and it's, we pay attention to social media, we pay attention to, to traditional media. Yeah. You get great ideas from there. I think the only thing I'd add to the extent there's more media that's educating fans about what goes into championship basketball. I think sometimes if you haven't been close to the game and I, and I've learned a lot over my time 'cause I didn't play at a high, high level to understand that it's not just about effort, it's about the plays that are unfolding.


Yeah. It's about the sophistication of the coaching. It's about the sophistication of the scouting. I mean I think sometimes like understanding what goes into being an NBA player, the amount of hard work, the amount of training. But also I think sometimes because the way our game is called, You know, it's, it's moving so quickly. Even for the best announcers play by play announcers like Mike Bre or the best co color commentaries, the the best color commentary. It's moving so fast. There's not necessarily time to explain everything that's happening. Yeah. That You know, it's not just this guy is off tonight but he may be off because it's incredible defense and what is the scheme?


Yeah. And like what is that defense? So I think sometimes like those other shows, whether it's a pregame show or halftime or it's an afternoon show podcast, you name it about the NBA. Just to be talking about more about the game and and and what goes into team basketball and what makes Right. And what goes into making the NBA and staying in the NBA. Yeah, sure. Most definitely. I tell t you always talk about how the NBA is a business in a fraternity and what they do for the players after they leave the game. Yeah. You wanna indulge on that a little bit more? Yeah, I obviously it's a bunch of programming now that it's been coming into the league when I first came in the league.


The rookie rookie transition and all those great things that you have to do when you first get in the league. I was wondering how can we like, I'm not gonna say better it, I think it does a really good job and everything is nice when you retire from basketball. But is anything like you would suggest for some of the guys who might retire at the age of like 30 31, is there anything you could suggest to help them with that process? It it, it's a great question. A a few things. Number one, so for the first time we have a former player who's running the players association, Andre Gu. Yep. So he's very attuned to the issues Yep. Of not just former players but the transition Yep.


For a player to go from being on the floor to then the rest of their life. Yeah. And to how they're gonna use the skills they've developed as a player and what new skills they might need to be successful, whatever they choose to do. Whether it's to be in the media or to run businesses or whatever else. The other thing Andre is doing is building a closer relationship between what has been a separate organization. The Retired Players Association. Yeah. And the union that currently represents the players. 'cause I think that can help with the smooth transition as well. And then you mentioned the rookie transition program. So that's, that's a program for players coming into the NBA. Yep. The transition of coming from college or Europe, wherever it is now.


The world's changing quickly. 'cause now with NIL deals and collectives, guys are now coming into the league and I, same thing for the women in the WNBA now in many cases having been paid. Yeah. So they already have a certain sophistication around payments and being, You know, shoe deals and things like that. But so they come in, we have the training in, I think one thing that Andre is very focused on and and in fairness and the union leaders before him is enhancing those programs so that while you're a player there's a lot of different counseling on managing your money. Yeah. Managing your life, You know, dealing with social media, all those things.


And the union's done a fantastic job. There's a role for our teams and a role for the league in doing all those things. And then I think also where Andre now I think the focus is, alright, what more can we do for helping the players manage that transition? And then once I said they become a retired player, 'cause I often, and Jeff you can speak to this when you're right off the floor, there may be a period of sort of decompressing. Yeah. Taking some time. There's that change from being on the road the whole time. Often guys are getting reacquainted with their families or they, You know, they've, they've had kids while they were playing and haven't been around as much. So there's that period. But then now you have essentially the rest of your life and ahead of you, what kind of programs can we help provide to train people?


And I'll just say lastly, I mean there's also one of the things that we put in place several years ago and, and Michelle Roberts was head of the player association. Chris Paul was president union is Lifetime Health Insurance. Yep. For guys who played in the league, which is a huge deal. And also enhancing the pension programs, the 401k programs. So that for somebody who has played, You know, a certain minimum threshold of years in the league, You know to a certain extent you'll be set. Yeah. You know, you're gonna have health insurance, You know you're gonna have a pension. Now You know that that's not suggesting they should just be satisfied with that. But on top of that, there's all these other opportunities and, and you, you're obviously a great example of it, of what can you then use that platform you have by virtue of being an NBA player and then building careers from beyond what, what you accomplished on the floor.


For sure. Definitely. Most definitely. We talk about the NIL situation all the time. And I know you probably get asked this a million times, is it a possibility that high school players to go back to the NBA straight maybe, but the NIL impact, you say you got lesser people in the draft this year, you think, is that something that's gonna be an ongoing issue? Is it just a new transition period? 'cause it's just new? Yeah, when you think about it, we don't, as I said, we only have a two round draft. And the fact I think it's really positive that some of these young men are getting good information in essence and realizing that they're unlikely to be one of the, to be selected in those two rounds. And if that's the case and they can remain in college and be paid and in many cases paid significant amounts of money that, so one, they're getting compensated for their skill and maybe even more importantly, to the extent they want to be professional basketball players, they're getting real minutes, they're getting great coaching and they're continuing to train and, and improve at their craft.


Yeah. So it's, it's a win-win for everybody as opposed to losing eligibility because somebody's convinced you that you're gonna be a top draft pick not getting drafted, you can't go back to college and now you're going to play maybe in Europe or Asia or something else as opposed to really honing your skill and having your best shot at, at playing in the NBA. And the other thing is, if you're not gonna be drafted and you're going back into school, it shouldn't be lost that you're also, You know, continuing to get an education. Because realistically you may not have an opportunity to play in the NBA. Right. It's, it may be great, You know, it may to go play in Europe, there's great basketball playing played around the world, but that may, You know, not compensate you at the same level as being in the NBA.


You might not be able to do it for as long. So now you finish, you play for three, four years in Europe, whatever it is, but now you have a college education and then you can go out and then pursue another career. So IIII think the fact that they're some of those young men are withdrawing their names is very positive. To me that just means there's better information out there in the marketplace. Will we ever get back to kids being able to come straight outta high school? Like would that ever be a thing again and then be able to, you think, You know, we, we've talked about that, You know, just so everybody understands, like that's not a decision we can make on our own. It can only, it has to be negotiated with the players association. Of course. And when we last discussed it, I think that the general feeling from the teams and the players is to the extent that those young players have that extra year.


Yeah. Honestly, whether it's in college or playing in Europe, they're, it's better for the league because they come in better skilled with a little bit more maturity. I Got I got you. And we've talked about obviously the, the All-star format possibly being the USA versus the world. We've got a lot of great international players, a lot of them won MVP recently. We got camps around the world. Is there a possibility that we could get a, a expansion team that's not in the United States? Well, we have the Raptors. Well of course, but You know, they, around the way down come, I know they're attached. It's not the same. Yeah. Over time. Okay. I mean one of the things we've been looking at the league, at the league is whether we can help operate a new professional league in Europe.


I mean, don't get me wrong, there's incredible basketball being played in Europe and there's some really great teams and You know, several of our most recent MVPs have come from Europe. But I think from a commercial standpoint, basketball, professional basketball hasn't been nearly as successful in Europe as the size of the market might suggest. So that's one path. Okay. I wouldn't call it expansion directly, but it's building off the NBA brand and potentially doing more in Europe. To your direct question about teams in Europe, I think over time it's definitely possible. Like I was in Paris last summer for the Olympics.


I mean the interest was off the charts. I mean, to me it was the hottest sport there. I mean like we were selling out every game, not just the games involving USA, but You know, the gold medal game was USAV France. I mean the, the, the game before the US Serbia game was some of the best basketball I had seen. So there's great players', enormous interest. I think part of the limitation is on players' bodies. It's not just the length of the flight, but when you're jumping multiple time zones, it's important guys get proper rest for being on the floor. It's disruptive. You know, there's people, remember there used to be supersonic jets that went back and forth from New York to Paris, You know, the Concord that there's some commercial airliners now who are talking about restoring supersonic jets.


I mean, I think that if the traveler faster, honestly that would be a game changer. It would make it easier to do. But as I said, I think the, the next step is to sort of plan a flag in Europe, potentially with a European League and then go from there. But I, I think if any league could do it, you could easily imagine teams in Paris, London, Madrid, Berlin. I mean there, there it, it's not for lack of interest, that's for sure. Most definitely Tee can imagine having to back to back in Paris, man. Yeah. Like he said, that flight would've been crazy. But it'd probably be a lot of fun though. I think guys would be open to playing and Paris, I've seen guys go over there for preseason games and exhibition games and they're like, it's, this is cool to be over here.


Yeah. You got any adjustments that you would like to make for the Allstar, the All Star Game? You wanna bring something new, take something out? Like how you feel about All Star Weekend? Well, the weekend itself, which we're not judged on for those who are there is fantastic. I mean, I think anybody who was in the Bay Area in San Francisco last year, I mean there's tons of events and parties and there's a fan festival kind of like this. I mean, people love that experience there. The game itself has, we've not put our best foot forward and I, I think the players recognize that. We recognize that. So as you mentioned, we're talking about changing the concept, doing something maybe close to what the NHL did in the Four Nation face Off.


I mean I, I think it, if it were just straight up USA world as much as fans would love that, I'm not sure it'd be fair to the players because roughly 30% of the players are from outside of the United States. So it wouldn't be fair to pick half the team from 30% and the other half from 70%. But I think we're, look we, I know we're looking at different formats now talking to the players association 'cause we need their agreement where we would use that concept again, similar to the NHL did, where you'd create that passion around the USA playing other countries, other regions in the world. I mean, I, I'm particularly excited about it. I'll just add, so next year our All Star Game is moving to NBC where it was in the old days, and we'll be in the middle of the Winter Olympics.


So on the Sunday when the All Star Game takes place for TV watchers, they'll be watching the Olympics. Yeah, yeah. You know, all day. Then you'll come to our All Star Game and then after All Star Game we'll be going back to the Olympics. So I'd love to play off that theme that will be smack in the middle, as I said, of that Olympic competition. So I think it's a, it's a good time for us to be looking at those formats. Okay, cool. Cool. Definitely. Oh, I wanted to ask too though, so LeBron, You know, he's on his last leg of the league. Yeah. You make sure you said that. Not me. I'm saying that who you think that could fill that void of like the new face of the NBA? Just you gimme like three, You know, I always say like, You know, we don't create those faces at the league office.


They earn it on the floor. Yeah. I mean it's interesting to watch these finals. Obviously Shaa is our MVP. Yep. He was the scoring leader this year. But again, I mean he's, he's having a great final so far. But ultimately LeBron is a face of the league and Michael was, and KD was and these guys and Steph because they win championships. I mean I, it's look in fairness to any individual player, it's also a team sport and LeBron made that point the other day. Oh for sure. But look it, sports are about competition. It's about winning. Yeah. And the, the great news is kind of like what I was saying about the draft earlier. I don't have to sit here and predict sort of who our next face of the league is. They, they earn it, You know, for sure.


They, they are established by what they do on the floor and it's, it's great to see now this next generation, I think in a way it's the best of all worlds because LeBron is still at 40 years old playing an incredibly high level facts. Steph is playing an incredibly high level. Yeah. So is Kevin. You know, so they, it it's wonderful to see that generation still here mentoring this next generation. But, and ultimately, ultimately that, that this next generation who will want to take that mantle from them again, that that's where the competitive juice is come in. They gotta earn it by demonstrating they deserve to be the face of the league by their performance on the floor.


Gotcha. Most Definitely. I wanted to ask, I think for all of us basketball heads in the off season, we get to see all the players playing different situations now, which you're integrating the NBA, like having the drill league on the NBA app, things of that nature. Is that something that's like purposely saying, okay, we're gonna embrace every aspect of this game and keep growing? Or is this something organically you guys are just like, You know what, if everybody's rocking with this, we might as well include ourself in that. I, I, I would say it's, that's a case where it's definitely both. I mean, what's cool about the Drew League or Rucker or anything else is that it's truly organic. Yeah, I can take zero credit for that. But then we can be very intentional about it and say the NBA app is a central repository of basketball of every, You know, and over time truly everything basketball.


But right now, anything involving NBA players and the NBA players are playing in those summer leagues, whether it's summer leagues here in New York or in LA or Drew or whatever else that, You know, especially one thing about social media, it's not always find is, it's not always easy to discover what you're looking for. If you think about X or Instagram, whatever else, like those algorithms are pretty good at feeding you more basketball, but you show interest in it. But there's nothing like that ability to go to the NBA app. And that is identifying for you if there's great basketball out there involving NBA players off season or future NBA players or what's happening in Europe or Asia, we're gonna deliver it directly to you.


And that, and that's a place where we're trying to get a lot more sophisticated, but we want to take advantage of of, of all that great. All that great content, all those great games that are already out there. Most definitely for sure. Now listen, I got the jersey on, I'm saying the goat, a lot of fans miss the classic jerseys. Is there a world where we could possibly have the All Star Game back into the original uniforms of the players? You know, I'm looking around there, there's a, there's a, a gentleman out there named Sal aka and he oversees all of merchandising. So Sal, you heard that should, are you nodding your head yes, he's saying yes, we're gonna, we're looking at that idea. No, it's, we, we go back and forth. Like people want new uniform, they want old, but I, I love the idea of the, of the classic jerseys.


Hey I love how you put him on the spot and everybody started lapping. Show some love my man. Hey You know, the feedback from our fans is critically important. So thank you everybody. Most definitely. Well listen Commissioner, we appreciate your time at Mason Noise in Mississippi one time. Yeah, thank you. Thank you for having me. Most definitely.


One time for fanatic. Six two pounds for Boost Mobile, $25 unlimited talk text data. Where they at to you? 5G Nationwide. For sure. We appreciate y'all. Y'all be safe.


The volume.


It's Megan, Are you ready for hashtag Megan Summer? Megan, Megan, Megan, Megan, Megan would you prefer, can I give you a printout that you can read at your own pace? Megan? Yes it's me. What a shock, et cetera. On June 27th, she Has a smoking hot warrior printed. Alright, me sax, let's get to work. Are you going to stand in my way? The bee is back. Do you Think you learned your lesson the first time? Megan, Megan two. Oh. Only in Peter June 27 free DPT 13.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one miss enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Hey There. Terrain Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Dove ice cream bars, chips Ahoy cookies, Arrowhead bottled water and Charmin bath tissue. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions supply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


This is an iHeart podcast.