
Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic 'cause we came to play. Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating Find Your. Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre lit branches. Perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments Or. the flocked Starry light. Frasier fur With. over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the perfect tree now at the Home Depot. and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor Subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery. For details.


What's Pop And Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole Different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Bernard or Messi? Messy. Alright, peace up Shannon. Sharp. Bessy. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Speed is not universal. That ronaldo's the goat. I guarantee you, if you poll a hundred, a hundred million people, I guarantee Ronaldo will win. Yes, he will. No. Yes, he will. We gonna put a poll up? Okay. Put a poll up. No. We gonna put a poll up for this episode. Yep. Who, who, who's the goat? If REO gets more votes, I'll donate 5,000 to your charity. Okay. If messy gets more votes you don't find deal on 5,000 to my charity. Yes. Deal. Deal. That is the easy five grand I've ever gonna cover up on All my life. The grinding, all my life.


Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of dice, the swat. All my life. I've been grinding all my life. Love all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of D, the swat. All my life. I've been grinding all my life. Hello. Welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the proprie of Club Shehe. The guy that's stopping by for conversation and a drink. Today is one of the most popular people on the internet, A prominent figure in the gaming and online entertainment community. He's the number one English speaking streamer on the internet. He's the first English speaking streamer to receive 1 million live viewers during a stream, A star of international magnitude, a global phenomenon, and a-list.


Content creator, a video game aficionado, a world athlete, multi-talented, successful rapper, blogger, and a businessman. He's an internet sensation and award-winning social media superstar. One of the youngest creators with one of the fastest growing channels on the internet. He has over a hundred million subscribers and followers across all social media platform. And he's only 19 years of age. Let's give it up for eyes. Show speed. Ho ho. Now what we do, that Shit do where? Shannon, How you doing, Man? I'm doing good. Hold. Wait, I got a quest. What cameras like, which this is you. That's me. That's you. Okay. So I don't look at that. No, no, no. This is, this is too Damn cameras. I was like, this Is a slide to pick us all up. But this is your camera. Okay. That's my camera. Yeah, That's your camera.


Okay. So normally we come on and, and, and for all the success that you've enjoyed, we normally take a a, a taste of my cognac with you. Shade by La Poitier. But since you're under age only 19, we got water for you man, Bro. Yes sir. You got for you already know. Cheers That. Thank you bro. Appreciate you bro. How you been? Been great. Just been living, you know, You doing more than living, man. Thanks for stopping by. Club Shay. Shay. We greatly appreciate it. Check this out. Let's start to, your latest thing that happened was you racing Noah Lau. Oh yeah. How did that come about? So look, I was just streaming. You know Mr. Beast? Yes, I know. I do know Mr. Beast. Right? He's another YouTuber. I'm randomly streaming.


He always does this. He just calls me randomly. I'm randomly streaming. I'm in Miami. Dan Orlando, he called him. He was like, yo, guess who I got here with? I'm like, who you got here with? No. I'm like, you know me, I love speed. You know, like, I'm like, like I'm obsessed with speed, right? So I was like, no, let's race. Let's go. You know what I'm saying? But Off the rip, I mean, that's your first time. Had you ever met Noah before? Had you Ever never met Noah. Never talked to him, never met him. Never talked to No nothing. All I know is he the fam and alive right now. Okay. You're right. I'm like, no, let's race, let's go. And I was like, where y'all left? He was like, I'm in Florida. I'm like, oh. And you know, then my heart jumped. I'm like, I'm in Florida. I'm in Florida too. Yeah, I'm in Florida too. Then he was like, he was, he was like, I'm in Orlando. So I was like, Miami, Orlando. It's a three hour drive. But you know what I did?


I took that drive. You hopped in the whip? Yep. Hopped in the car. Took that three hour drive. No stretch. Literally random. I don't know. It was a random Wednesday. And I, and I did it. I raced him. So how much training did you do before that race? I didn't listen before the race. I'm in the car waiting. 'cause Mr. Beast has sent up, you know, his whole camera management. As I'm in the car, I'm looking at him. He's doing all these Olympic stretches. The, the, you know, the leg over, over. Yeah. Yeah. You know, he doing a skills, he doing all that, huh? Exactly. And I drove the whole time. So I'm in a car tight. So I, I had to wait in the car. They was putting my mic on and stuff. So I had no stretching, no nothing, no training, no nothing. Right. So soon as I got out the car, it was straight to it.


Right. So how serious do you think he took it? Was he really trying to beat you? Okay. Honestly, honestly. Okay. He took it serious. Okay. When he seen me like accelerated, like Yeah. You, because you got out. Exactly. Exactly. When he, he seemed like I was like accelerated and it was there. He started taking it like a hundred percent. Then at the end, he tried to make it seem like he was playing, doing all that long shot. But he took it serious. Right. He took it serious. Right. What do you think would've happened had you actually beat him? You would've crashed in in there, huh? Yeah. A huge shift. It would've been a huge shift in, in me, in the world of athletes and the world of everything.


Pretty much. And that was my goal. But I should have said 40 meters. If it was 40 meters I had on. But You wanna a rematch? Yes, I do. But you gonna take this time. I believe I could be on, I generally believe, I believe if we did a rematch that day, same 50 meters, I would've beat him. So, but this time you gonna get out and stretch. You're gonna make sure you're loosen up also, instead of just sitting in the car waiting for him. Exactly. Exactly. Like, yeah, exactly. But before Noah Lyes, there was a situation that was supposed to take place with you and Tyreek. Did you challenge Tyreek or Tyreek challenge you? Ty Tyre. Tyreek Tyreek. I, I, I challenged Tyre. No, Tyree challenged me first and I challenged him back. Okay, Ty, I, I think Tyreek was joking at first, but blah, blah, blah. Then, then it became serious. So then, then it became like a serious speed.


So boom, he told me to pull up to his practice. He text me, I can show you the messages. He told me to pull up to his practice. I pulled up to his practice, he ducked me. He was genuinely scared, you know? And I get it. He's an athlete. That's his life. That's how he makes money. You know, people see him as, you know, like I'm the fastest man in the league. But, and he didn't wanna take that risk of racing me. 'cause he knew that it would've been bad for him. You think you could be tyreek? I a hundred percent. Can you? A hundred percent. Hold on. I wanna know. You gonna race him on a 40? A 50. 40, 40. Me? I can be, I can beat Tyre Hill in a 40 So. let ask. So when, when you issue challenges to athletes, or athletes issue challenges to you, you are like, okay, well let's do it. You take it serious from that point on.


'cause you don't duck no smoke. No. You don't turn nothing down. No, No, I don't, no. I don't duck. No, I don't. So what type of athlete were you in high school? Did you participate in sporting events in high school? What, what, what went on with See, Look, see, look, I see people don't know, but I was always in sports my whole life. Okay. But my sophomore year of high school, I started doing YouTube. Then I just, I like, I dropped all of it. You know? I just, I just didn't touch sports anymore. I was focused on YouTube. But from that period, from, I'm six, I can't remember when I was four or 5, 5, 6. I played sports my whole life. So I always had it in me, but I just stopped. You know? I just, I stream now. So what If, what if a college came out and said, look man, I mean, you're very athletic.


I mean, you can run, you can jump. We wanna offer you a scholarship to play football. See, look. No, no, no. Football. Football. Okay. What about the run track? Young? Like track maybe. Track maybe. I, I think I'm a bit more flexible track, right? I'm a bit more flexible. And I do have a chance to go in like in the 2028. Like, I believe I can be a professional track. Are You gonna train for it? Yes. I could train. I, no, I believe that I could be in a, a Olympic for 2028. I believe that. So are you gonna train to try to be in the Olympics in 2028?


I got three years, man. Yes. All it takes is me for one year. All it takes for me to one year to a full year of training. For me, I, like, I, I already got the speed. I already, like, it's already in my legs. I just don't, I just don't got the technique right. I like, I have no technique. If I learn a technique, it's over Bobby. Ey. I be, I be, I almost be no with no technique. None at all whatsoever. I never ran track of day my life whatsoever. You do know it's gonna watch this. I know. And he's gonna call you out again. I know. And he's gonna take you serious. Yep. And he's gonna look to smoke you. Now look, now look. If it's a hundred meter, Noah, we Now you ain't touching in A hundred. Yeah, I know. Okay. Alright. Let's keep it to 50 Real. Okay? Yeah.


Realistically, I'm not touching in a hundred meter, but in 50 meter, if we do another 50 meter, it's over for you. It's over. Because did, did you both have on sneakers or did you have on track Spikes? No, we both had spikes on. Okay. You had both had track spikes. Okay. Because you, you got out the gate. I'm gonna give you three. I never had spikes. That was my first time using spikes as well. Like really? Yes. Like I said, like in roll speed. I'm faster than Noah. Like if, like, if, if me and Noah was both born in some random village in Cambodia or something and we both was 18. 18 and we both race each other, I'm winning. But since he trains, he does techniques, you know, you know, he trained his whole life. He won. You know.


Do you Train at all? So, let ask you a question. I understand that you stream an awful lot and it takes a, I mean, to create content. People don't realize that people that create content for real, that is their job. It's not a part-time, job job. It is a full-time job. So with that being said, how much time do you devote to activities other than streaming? So like playing basketball or running or jumping or doing everything. How much time do you put into that? Rarely. Not at all. If you wanna be honest, rarely. Like I try to, like, I try to stay active 'cause I don't wanna become, but like my content is really active. Like my content is running, racing. I'm walking. Traveling. Yes. You know? So I'm basically staying active. But I try to get in the gym, you know, just four, like four to five times a week for like 40 minutes.


You know, I try to like, I try to get my body just sustainable, but clearly not enough. The race is gonna happen. They say it's gonna happen. Noah and Tyreek. Who you putting your money on? Hmm. Obviously it depends on the distance. 40 yards close. 40 yards close. 'cause Noah is not fast. When he like, He doesn't get out the block When it's like, when it first start he slow. As he's slow as shit. You Do realize that the world fast man. You talking about he slow? Yo No, no. Yeah. No, no, no. I'm talking about in the beginning. He's slow. Yeah, he's slow as shit. But Ty Tyreek Hill has good, like he's small. He, he got good acceleration.


It would be close. I say I probably got Tyreek Hill in 40 yard. Do we need the distance yet? Is it a 40, 50 or 60 meter? 40. I got Tyreek Hill. 50. No, 50 and up. Noah. Okay. 50 and up. Noah, Do you want the winner? So the winner get the winner get I gets speed. Hell yeah. I'm the final boss. I'm the final boss. You the final boss. Yes. I'm serious. I I'm looking at you. You are serious. Yeah. You really do want the winner. And the thing is, is that you believe you can beat Tyreek or no loud. I I generally listen, he's Tyreek Hill is scared to race me. He scared.


Youre, do you hear this man? Tyre Hill, you are scared. Put your put. Okay, listen. Tyre Hill, all aside, put your career on the line. Put your contract on, put your contract, put everything on your line, put your life on the line. Race me. 40 yards. 40 yards. I give you whatever, how many weeks you need. 40 yards certain date. And, if you beat me, I'm out. But you're not gonna beat me though. That's like, he's not gonna beat me. But he doesn't wanna risk that. But I bet if it was somebody else who didn't run as much, he erase him. But this is me. He doesn't wanna race. I think because maybe he's seen you run and like, okay. Exactly. Even without technique, you do accelerate very well getting outta the blocks.


And that's half the race. Because when you're dealing with comparable speed, guys that get, if I get out the game, we got the same level of speed. That's the difference. The difference in the winning and losing. Alright, so you feel, you get Tyreek and Noah. Damn. Yes. Yes. How is that going to look? You talking about the world fastest man, Tyreek is probably, if not the fastest, one of the fastest men in the NFL. And here's a guy that all he does is stream. He's a YouTube phenomenon. And he just beat, he beat the fastest man in the world and one of the fastest men in NFL history. That ain't gonna look good on us, man. That's what I'm saying. And that's, and that's why they don't want it to happen. They don't want the YouTuber to beat the athlete.


They don't want that. They don't want it. But you beat, you beat Travis. It wasn't even close with you and Travis. Yeah, Travis Scott. Yeah. He's slow. He's slow. I need a run. Full speed. The last, literally the last time I ran full speed was against Noah la. Right. And I, like, I usually don't run full speed when I run against people, but no, I ran full speed. So do people call you out or do you call them out or The little bit of both? They usually call me out. 'cause my name's speed. Right. So they try to take it as a Joe Bill. You speed, but you slow or race me. Then when I say race, I beat them. Then you know the joke's on them now. So Man, I'm, I'm, but you know what, as I watch you and I watch some of your stuff getting ready for this interview, you are really athletic and you pick up stuff really, really quick.


I watched you with this gymnast and you are in the gym doing back with flips and like, okay, you like, okay, I can do one. And then he told you to tuck the technique of how you're supposed to tuck and you did multiple rotations, right? Had you, had you practiced any of that before? Never. Never. That was my first time in a gym, bro. In a, in a gymnast. Yes. How you go on that bouncy floor and he just basically tell you what you need to do, how you need to tuck your knees and tuck your chair. And you did multiple rotations. And that's the first time you've ever done that before in your life. I mean, it is just, I don't know, like I don't, you can't really, I can't really explain it, but if I see something and like if I see it in my head and like if I can visualize it in my head, I can just do it.


You know? I like, I don't really know how to explain that or even answer that question. So you are like a, you are a very visual learning type of person. You need, you need to see somebody do it. So somebody like, they're trying to explain it to you. Like you don't get the comprehension of it, but once you see that person do It. Yeah, exactly. Oh, okay. I can do that. Exactly. So If I were to put you, if I gave you, I'm gonna give you a month to train. How fast do you think you run The 40 A 40? I ran a four, four LA last time. If I and I stopped a little bit, I could maybe run like a four three.


The holidays are officially here at The Home Depot, which means it's time to deck the halls and your home with festive cheer. If you're on the hunt for the perfect tree, we've got you covered. Explore our huge assortment of trees and all shapes, sizes and styles designed to fit any holiday vibe and every holiday budget. Like the Jackson Noble fur, it's not only super easy to assemble, but it also comes pre-lit with 1200 color changing bulbs and multiple lighting functions. Or maybe the Flocked starry light Fraser fur is more your style. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that hold their shape. This tree's ready to shine right out of the box. Ooh, Wow. Whether it's trees, wreaths, or twinkling lights, we've got everything you need to make your home holiday ready. So shop now@homedepot.com and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor Subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery For details.


People thought it was impossible to build a firm lifted booty and flatten and shrink your abs at the same time. But we've cracked the code. I'm Carl the CEO of body. That's body with an eye And. if you wanna lose weight while you build a firm round booty and flat tight abs, even that lower pooch, you need to start the 80 day Obsession Fitness and eating program on Monday. 80 workouts shot in real time. It's like you're training with the cast as they make progress day by day. Crazy booty gains, flat, tight abs. We tested it and proved it and now it's your turn. There's no subscription needed. You can get this in-Home program for less than a dollar a workout and own permanent digital access. But here's the thing, we're inviting you to get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. And, if you don't see results in your butt and abs in the first 30 days, you get your money back, no questions asked. So get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. Go to 80 day obsession.com. That's 80 day obsession.com.


Black Friday football on Prime is back This week. the Raiders and the Chiefs into the end zone. Unbelievable Catch. an old school rivalry for a new game day firing stream for free. Only on Prime Great move Black Friday Football Raiders versus Chiefs kickoff at three. PM Eastern Pregame at one 30. PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch. Black Friday football. For details


Four three. So I guess now you want to go to the combine where all the new college kids come by next year and you are the chapter the fastest one. Whoever the fastest one in I want you. Yes sir. I'm serious. You keep laughing. I'm Hey, I'm serious. I'm serious. Why? Why? Why is it, why do you want, why do you feel, why do you wanna beat NFL? Players are the fastest man Because they're not fast. Like they're not fast. Like Maybe they are fast, but maybe you're fast also. Yeah, exactly. Like when I know I'm faster than somebody and people like, oh my God, they're so fast. I'm like, no, they're like, they're not fast. Well, but, but what if that was your, also your calling. Clearly you didn't make a mistake doing what you're doing.


You're very successful at what you do now. But maybe what if your calling was running track? To be honest, I probably would've like, ah, that's not my calling. I'm, listen, I respect track. I love track, but I feel like it was maybe something bigger. Like yeah, like I can still run tri, you know, I can still be good at tri, but I feel like it was something bigger than tri. Right. I saw you, you caught a pass on Sauce Garner. So now you, now you wide receiver. Now you trying to go out there and, and, and, and put work in on dbs, not just any db.


Listen all the dbs out. Okay, this is another one. All the DBS out there, Jalen, Ramsey, whoever I'm cooking. Oh no, wait a minute. Wait, Zaden, let me talk, let me talk. Listen, listen. I played football. I was no, but like, nobody know. But I was like a four star, five star. I was a four star, five star slot for high school freshman year. You had a restaurant that was four star, five Star. No, no. I, no, No. Oh, you are an AF four star five. No athlete. No, no, no. You can look at me up on huddle. You can look up my name. I had four star Foster. You could look at my highlights. I was one of the best slots in Ohio. And so now you just wanna get neither as a YouTuber, you just wanna get out work to NFL players.


Yes. I still got it. I didn't lose it. Jake Paul wants to race you. He says he is gonna put up, what do you put up 25,000 Is his charity at that point. Like I don't, I don't even know like J Paul, I don't even know what he's even thinking. Like he's not beat me like So no professional athlete, no non-professional athlete is going to beat you in a race. No. No. So you are the fastest YouTuber content creator. Yes. Social media what, whatever you wanna say. If you are not an athlete, you're not out running speed. No, you're just not. The only race I lost in my whole life was against a Olympic Olympic champion.


Yeah, exactly. So that, that shows a lot. It does, it does. It shows that you are, you are very confident young. Even Even any NFL any, any, any NFL player, they can't beat me. Tyreqe was the only person that I see. I'm like, okay, What about Xavier word that he had the fastest time in combine history. He's not beaming. Come on now. Speed. He's not, he's he's not beaming. So You be to tell me the fastest man in the world doesn't run track. He's on YouTube. Yes. My name is speed for a reason. Yes. I'm not saying hey. Yes. I mean like, did you not just watch the Noah Lowes race, right? Yes. Like, does that not picture, does that not help you think that I'm not the fastest, I do believe you're fast.


I think people, I think people have underestimated you until you race Noah. And then I think they got, because when you are outrunning people that don't run for a living, that's not saying much. But Noah Ly is a professional runner, right? He's a professional sprinter. And the race was probably a lot closer than people thought it was gonna be. But then again, I think people thinking, man, no, didn't take him serious. No one was, He did. I promise you he did. I I promise you he did not wanna get seen on the internet. Me that even being that close. Right. He didn't want that. It, no, no. The fight last night, Jake Paul, Mike Tyson, what do you think? Yeah, I watched it. I stayed up and watched it and man, I was just like, like, so look, when it started, when I watched it, when it started like, you know, they coming out, Mike Tyson, he got the look.


I'm like, oh my God. Like I never seen Mike Tyson fight a day in my life. You know, I'm 19. I never seen a, I never seen a box. Jake Paul, I seen him box and I thought Mike Tyson was gonna really do him bad. But you know, age just shows, you know? And like, that's what I realized. I was like, wow, age is age is really a thing. Oh Yeah, absolutely. Age is really a thing. And and it showed in that fight, you know, he was, it just wasn't there. No It wasn't there legs, the mind is willing, but the body isn't able. Yeah, exactly. Especially when it's required for you to do movement. Now, like if you are like a power lift or something that you could just static and just lift a lot of weight, that's one thing. But when you gotta move boxing, when you gotta run, that's something entirely different.


Yeah. Like I feel like fighting J Paul when I seen it, to be honest. I be, that might be that that might, now you might need to stay away from that. You're not quite big Enough. Come on now. Don't stop it. Speed. I can fight too. I can listen. I can, I Believe it. I can do any sport. But it needs to, If they, if I have six months, if I have six months just to learn a sport, I'm a professional at that sport. But, but what, what about the size discrepancy? There's a reason why they have weight classes. There's a reason. Middleweight well to weight. Banham weight, strong weight, fly weight, super middle, light, heavy cruiser. It's all in the ounces. In the gloves.


Yeah. Nor, what is it, 1 35, you fighting till like eight ounce glove, 1 35 or above, you're fighting 10 ounces. Doesn't Matter. To be honest, I, when I listen, I jumped over a car when I believe I can do something like, and I, like, if I look at something and, and I believe I can do it I know I can do it. There's that. I'm not saying that you couldn't box I'm No, I'm saying I could beat Jake Paul and you're like weight classes. I'm saying I think I could beat Jake Paul in a fight too. Even, even if the weight class is different. Okay. I'm, I'm not, I'm not going So let ask you a question. So would you do a celebrity boxing match? I Will, but again, nobody wants to box me. No Conec creator wants to box me.


Kai, Kai doesn't Kai, Kai doesn't wanna box me. Nobody wants to box me. Nobody. No conec creator, no streamer out there. They're like no speed. Oh, he's going to play like nobody. 'cause they know like that I can really do this. Nobody wants to box me. No content creator out there wants to box. That's why I haven't had a boxing match yet. But Jake Paul is a content creator and he boxes You still on this Jake Paul thing? Okay. No, I'm just saying you said nobody, but I'm just saying there, there's one guy that I can only think of off the top of my head. I don't really go all Yeah, listen, listen, I get that. But I'll rather from my first fight, fight somebody that's like 1 65, 1 70, right?


Yeah. That's, you know, Jake weigh in like 2 27 last night, Right? And I'm 1 65. I've been trying to tell you that for the last Five days. I know, I'm, I just don't wanna fight Jake Paul for my first fight. I don't wanna do that. Okay. You want to warm up? Yeah, exactly. Like, yeah, just that's later, right? Hold on. KSI would you Listen I fought Ks I before it was a spar. I had five days of training and I still did 'em, you know, and I still gave him work, but I believe I could. Yes. And I'm not trolling when I say this. I believe I can be him in a match too. If I, like I said, as long as I have a few months to train. I got it.


Is, of all the sports that you've competed in, is boxing the hardest? I'm gonna be honest. Yeah. 'cause like, once you learn, 'cause like I learned a few stuff, but once you're in a ring, you know, you just really rely on natural, just natural instinct. So I feel like for boxing, the best you can do is get your cardio up and just get enough sparring matches as as you can just, just to get used to the field. Yeah. And once I get used to the field, I got it. Well, I saw you had a sparring session with Manny Pac. Oh yeah. Yeah. He threw a body puncher. Yeah, but that's because he was only doing body. But if it was face and body, I could have worked him a little bit.


Speed. You do realize this man, he was the only man, the eight time champ. I said eight divisions. I said Work him a, I I'm quick though. I got fast. I'm quick. You, but the sad thing is you actually believe that you could have gave Maddy Pac some Work. Some yes, some work. I'm not saying I'm, oh, I'm whooping his ass, but I'm giving him some work. I mean, you like what? Give him some work. So just Like top of him, you know. Oh, you, so You gonna touch Matty Pac out? Yeah. Lord, that mercy. Ooh. So lemme ask you a question. So when he hit you with a body shot, what went through your mind? Aint I was hurting? What you mean? What went through my mind? But After step. So that's what you do in boxing. So what's up?


He didn't touch your face, Bro. We was only going body. Thank you. And I got Listen, listen. So What'd you do? You overextended? Yes. I, I, I left myself open on purpose. So just to see if he Oh, you want, oh, you wanted to see what a body shot felt like? Yeah, exactly. So you understand now why Ryan crumble when Javonte called in with a body shot? Yeah. Yeah. But you don't feel it after that. I don't know why Ryan ain't get Up, to be honest. Like you, like you feel it for like 30 seconds, but you Yeah, that's time. You know, you only get to 10. Oh yeah. You right, you right, you right. I mean, because it's kinda like, like in football, like, you get the air knocked outta, you try to catch a pass or somebody catch you off guard and you get, you know, you get the air knocked outta you and you're like, man, get Yeah.


Yeah. It, it feel like, man, you trying to breathe right? You trying to say something, but you can't say anything. Right? And so yeah, it's that body, that body shot is so what is it like, so you go in the ring and you understand who Manny Pac ai is. He's the only man to win belts in eight different divisions. So you know what you're up against. So what, what was that experience like? Because it's different than being in there. Like, okay, I'm here with a regular guy. I mean, listen, Manny, like, he wasn't taking it serious. He was doing that little face, you know, he was doing just smiling. Yeah. So I tried to like, you know, I tried to like really try to tick him off a little bit. Tag him a little bit. Yeah. So we can take it a bit serious because like, I wanna get an actual Spa before. Oh, so you wanted to get in touch for real to see what it feels like.


Yeah, exactly. So I wanted to really him to really lock in. So I tried to tag him a little bit, but you know, he wasn't, he wasn't being serious. So I tried to, you know, get him mad, but he didn't fall for it. Then I, then we was doing a body thing, then I left myself open, you know, just to see what it feel like. And he tagged me. Who's your goat? Floyd. You like Floyd? Would you fight Floyd the next exhibition fight? Yes. Yeah, I Will. You get Floyd? I believe, but I'm a Manny Pao fan. I think Manny Pao is the go to boxing, in my opinion. Manny is the goat. Yeah. I take many over Floyd like, you know. Yeah. You remember back then? Yeah. I take many. But you would in an exhibition, you try your hand at Floyd.


Yeah. Floyd make it happen. Floyd. Hey Floyd, you don't want the work either, bro. I promise you. Floyd, six months. Let's go. You do realize like Floyd take this stuff serious. I take it serious too. No, but I'm saying I'm Not talking. Listen, listen. I'm not talking on my ass. No, but you, I'm not trolling. Like I said, if I have six months, I can do this. Are you going to take, if, if Floyd people reach out to your people and says, okay, let's put something together in, at, in spring, early spring, April, may you, you down to make that happen? A hundred percent. I've been waiting for a fight. I've been waiting just to work every day soon as soon as I get done streaming, working. I've been waiting for that.


Ooh, come on Floyd. Because Floyd did fight. He fought, he fought Logan. He Fought Logan. But he won't fight me though. I don't think he'll fight me. Why? I don't think like, I don't think like, like professional ad police always try to stray away from me. You know? 'cause they know that anything could happen. So I don't, so I like, I I think Floyd's might be pretty like scared and antsy. I Don't know if Floyd really Is because I had a altercation between another boxer. I'm not gonna say his name, but it was a professional boxer. I was like, yo, let's box. He like, nah man, I don't wanna do it to you I don. I'm like, okay. But, but you do realize in that man's professional that man, if he just boxing somebody, you do realize speed to understand that man hands is, is is a lethal weapons.


Yes. And you're not a professional boxer. So if he loves you, what's, what's the benefit in it? If he lumps you up, What do you mean? But that, that's not gonna happen though. That's the thing. That's not gonna happen. So MMA, that's you, you wanna try MMA, right? Ah, nah. I don't I. don I don't know about MMAI. One's just too brutal. They elbow. Like, I don't, that's just, Did you choke out Aden? Who choked out? Was that You? It was me. It was me. You choked the man out. Yep. Well, you know what? I think you'll be great at MMA. So I got you something. What? I went shopping on Amazon and I wanted to, I wanted to make sure that I got you something that even if you do decide to go that way, you'll have something to get you started.


And hopefully, you know, with as confident as you are, I bought you a gift off Amazon. I think you gonna really like this Boy. Just put out an Amazon. Oh, so, oh, you really want me to fight you? You really want me to fight? You know how to fight, Fight boxing and fight against two different things. No, no, it's not. Thank you, Shannon. I mean, you got, Hey, I mean them four round gloves, man. I don't speed. Like you said that MMA elbow, knee, yeah, Foot. That's why, that's why MMA is kind of tricky on that one.


I don. Yeah, it's just too like brutal. Like, you know. Yeah. And they different. Yeah, because you call them out, they gonna say they going to excel. Yeah. Yeah. They going to Excel. Yeah. So UFC, but, mm. So when you choked that aid Rose Dana, if I'm not mistaken, Dana was there, right? Yeah. Dana White. Yeah. Yeah. And you just, you, you made the man, you choked the man out. Yes. How did you, how did you know who taught you that technique? You just, just watching. Just wrestling. You know, wrestling as a kid, you know, just playing with your cousins, wrestling, you know. Yeah. Just a move. Just a choke out move. So you the fastest, you the fastest YouTuber streamer. You are the most athletic YouTube streamer.


You're the most physical YouTube streamer, streamer. You're the most gifted YouTube streamer Internet person. Is there anybody that's in the social media space that creates content that can beat you in anything? Me mean? Anything? What do you mean? Anything? Like what? Like you said, nobody's gonna beat you racing. Oh, that, that do what you do. I'm not talking about a professional. I'm talking about do what you do. Create content so nobody can outrun you. Do. Is there anybody that create content that could inbox could outbox you?


Outbox me? Yeah. In general. Or like my weight class or like, just in general? I Mean, I don't really know all. No, there's no, there's no answer's. No answer's. No. I can't think of one. And no Logan Paul gifted you. I saw Logan Paul gifted you a hundred thousand te Tesla truck after you were hit by Randy Orton with the Rt o So. let ask you a question, you stream. And that takes a lot of time. 'cause I understand how creating content, where do you find the time to say, you know what, I'm gonna try that. I'm gonna do that. What do you mean? I mean, 'cause you, you man, bro, I see you like one day you in Japan, the next day you somewhere else. You back in the States do, I mean, I was talking to you off, off camera and you say you have a residency or your main residence is in Florida.


But bro, how do you have the time to do all the stuff? And I understand your age, I take into account you're 19, you have a boundless energy. But when do you find the time to do all the stuff that you do outside of streaming? Outside of, Yeah. Like the, the, the race and no allows. Oh, you say that. That's a part. That's a part of it. The, the Randy or RKO. Oh, stuff like that. Yes. Yes. I mean, planes exist. It's planes, you know, that's the, that's the plain on answer. You know, planes and I'm just planes. How much Sleep do you get? Are you a sleeper? No, I was gonna say the way you can Sleep.


No, no. I get about six, seven hours. That's pretty good. Yeah. So how, how long, how long do you stream per day or do you stream every day? Every other day. How often? I stream, I stream most of the days I stream. And if I do stream, I stream about four to five hours. Nonstop. Yeah. Nonstop. When I'm not streaming, I'm brainstorming, you know, on what I wanna do. Okay. In terms of content. So yeah. As a child you said, I mean, listening that you talk and with your athletic ability, I can tell you were very gifted as a child. When did you say, you know what? I'm leaving the athleticism side of it away. I'm not gonna do football. I'm not gonna do track and field. I'm not gonna play basketball or any of the other sports.


I'm gonna focus on, on creating content. What? Eight. Oh, like what point in my life? Yes. Yes. So I started, you remember Covid, right? 2020, yes. Yes. 2020 Covid. I just felt so like, I was around 14. I like, you know, I just felt, was I 14? Yeah, no, I was 15. Yeah, I was 15. 15. 20, 20 covid. You know, it was no school. I was bored and didn't have nothing to do. I had nothing to do. You know, everything stopped. Stuck in a house. All I did was play video games and just something sparked in me. You know? Like my friend told me, yo, like, 'cause like, you know, 'cause I, 'cause I always loved games.


I always, I was always a gamer as a kid. And I made like videos when I was a kid, you know, just regular stuff as a kid. But then 2020, that's like, that's the point of my career where that's, that's pretty much where my life changed. I sparked that first dream up. I gained two viewers. Or was it one? One? It was the one, it was the one of two viewers. I had that one viewer. And that viewer made me ki like keep going. And each day and each day and more week two, I gained, I started averaging four viewers. Week three, eight viewers week, four 20 viewers, so and so on and so on. So then my sophomore year I just kind of, I kind of gave up on school, right?


I kind of gave up on school. I kind of gave on everything that I, that I had to my old life and just put everything onto my stream. I streamed every day. I didn't care about nothing else but YouTube streaming.


The holidays are officially here at The Home Depot, which means it's time to deck the halls and your home with festive cheer. If you're on the hunt for the perfect tree, we've got you covered. Explore our huge assortment of trees in all shapes, sizes and styles designed to fit any holiday vibe and every holiday budget. Like the Jackson Noble Fur, it's not only super easy to assemble, but it also comes pre-lit with 1200 color changing bulbs and multiple lighting functions. Or maybe the Flocked starry light. Frasier fur is more your style. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that hold their shape. This tree's ready to shine right out of the box. Ooh Wow. Whether it's trees, wreaths, or twinkling lights. We've got everything you need to make your home holiday ready. So shop now@homedepot.com and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor Subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery For details.


People thought it was impossible to build a firm lifted booty and flatten and shrink your abs at the same time. But we've cracked the code. I'm Carl the CEO of body. That's body with an eye And. if you wanna lose weight while you build a firm round booty and flat tight abs, even that lower pooch, you need to start the 80 day Obsession Fitness and eating program on Monday. 80 workouts shot in real time. It's like you're training with the cast as they make progress day by day. Crazy booty gains, flat, tight abs. We tested it and proved it and now it's your turn. There's no subscription needed. You can get this in-Home program for less than a dollar a workout and own permanent digital access. But here's the thing, we're inviting you to get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. And, if you don't see results in your butt and abs in the first 30 days, you get your money back, no questions asked. So get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. Go to 80 day obsession.com. That's 80 day obsession.com.


Black Friday football on Prime is back This week. the Raiders and the Chiefs into the end zone. Unbelievable. Catch. an old school rivalry for a new game day. firing downfield stream for free. Only on Prime. Great move Black Friday Football Raiders versus Chiefs kickoff at three. PM Eastern Pregame at one 30. PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch. Black Friday football. For details.


How would, how did your parents take to that? That you had, like you, you said you had given up on everything. Yeah. Except streaming. I'm pretty sure they weren't as happy about this as you were. Yeah. Yeah. That was bad. So as I was streaming, there was a clip that kind of blown up. It was on War Star, you remember War Star, right? It wasn't like, it wasn't like it didn't go viral. It had like maybe 30,000 viewers. So my mom, so my dad showed my mom, 'cause my dad watches War Star. My mom seen the video. She's like, what are you doing? Blah blah. Why is everybody talking about you like online, blah, blah blah. 'cause it was like, hate comments. So she kicked me out. Kicked you out where?


No, she told me to quit. Yeah. Or I'm leaving like, you know, or are you, or like, you can't do this at my house. So I'm like, I'm out. Really? Yeah. I was like, I'm out. You know, like I'm not about to stop. Like I was, I was already averaging like 20 viewers. I had like a two, a thousand subs, 2000 subs. You right. Like I like, I'm already going. So I like, and, and once I start something I'm not stopping. Right? So what, gimme a second. And so like once I'm, so like once I start something I'm not stopping. So boom, she kicked me out. I moved to my dad in Detroit. Then I kept going, I kept going. My dad didn't really care. And my dad let me shout out to my dad. Right? Shout out to my mom too.


I still love my mom. She was, she doesn't know what was going on. Right? But anyways, I kept going in Detroit and I got here pretty much it. But my mom, she just now understood it. Maybe a year ago. Like she really accepted it right about a year or two ago. So once you started doing it, you're gaining a thousand, 10,000, 20,000, 30, 40,000. And you become what you become. What was the first thing you purchased? You know what's crazy? Like, I'm not even like a purchased person, like type of guy. Like my first, like my first big purchase was mainly by my, probably just by my mama house.


That's probably like, like I was never like a guy like, oh I wanted a right, a chain or I wanted that clothes or I wanted that, this, that. Oh, you not a car guy, Jordan. Yeah. And Plus I was 16. I was 16. I didn't know what to do. Right. I didn't want a car 'cause I didn't like to drive. I didn't wanna chain because I just didn't want a chain. I didn't wanna close, I didn't want none of that. So I just kind of had money, you know. So what age you become a millionaire? When you were 16. When you became a millionaire? Oh. 'cause you started, you say you started 15 during Covid. No, no, no. I start, I gained, I became a millionaire at early, early 17. Okay. No, yes, no. 16. No, I was 16, but it was like I was about to turn 17.


So now you got this influx of money and you're like, damn, I'm, I'm 16 and a half about to be 17 and I got more money than I could have possibly imagine just a year ago, let alone five years, years ago. Yeah, I know, I know, I know. So, so, so what, what, what is that? What is that feeling like? If you wanna be honest, I was, it's kind of so crazy, you know, when I think back on it. But I was genuinely, as a 16-year-old kid, I was just so locked in. Like, just on what? Like on my craft, right? I just didn't really like, really like take a realization on the position that I was in as a 16-year-old kid, you know? And right now I'm still locked in. But now when I think, like, think back on it, like, damn, I was 16, I was a junior, had all this money, blah, blah blah.


But you know, I was just locked in. You know, I didn't really think that, take that into consideration really. Let me go back. You said your mom says if you don't, you, you can't continue to stream in my home or you're gonna have to go. So did you drop outta school or did you go to Detroit where your father and finish school. Oh listen, okay. Okay. So I dropped out my sophomore year. I was failing all my grades my sophomore year. Then in, then my mom was like, hell no. You know, she put a stop to it. She called my dad. I moved back. Yeah. Then I moved back in with my mom for my junior year. Okay. Okay. So I gained my credit for my sophomore year and my junior. 'cause my mom, she was on it. She put me in an online class.


Well, well we tried to like a public school, but that didn't last a month. 'cause you know, I was already famous, whatever. Right. But anyways, I got into my online class. My mom locked me in 'cause she wanted me to get my, my Diploma. Yeah, you get your diploma. Yes, for sure. Exactly. She wanted to get my diploma, so she locked me back in. But you know, I made my ways and I graduated. Okay. Yeah. Did you have, did you have, look, I understand the streaming community is one thing, but did you have friends, I'm talking about like friends that were around you. Did you have those friends when you were like, Yes, but like I said, the covid covid really like, yeah, it just messed up. It locked Everything down. It Just messed, messed up my social life. Like, I didn't talk to my friends.


Right. I was only talking to my own lot friends, my gaming friends. It's just like, COVID really put a hit on my life. Right. Put a hit on my life. How long, and You said you don't, you don't, you're not big into clothes, you're not big into cars, you're not big into homes. You bought your mom a home, but you bought a, a 10 million home, a 10 million home in Ohio. 10 million. No, I didn't. A million? Yeah, a million. A million? Yeah. You, your, your, your who's in Ohio? My mom. My mom in, In Ohio. Your mom. Okay. Okay. You, your father's in Detroit. Your mom's in Ohio. You are in Florida. Yeah. So how often do you, you guys can be, you have any siblings? Yes. Okay. Yes, I do have Siblings.


Are they, are they gamers? Are they, Nah, nah, nah, I'm the oldest. I'm the oldest. So Yes. Your mom probably ain't going for that now. She like, I got one. Nah, y'all going, y'all go focus on school. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But yeah, they doing good. My siblings doing well. Okay. What is the one thing that you, if you say you haven't bought anything too extravagant, but is there anything that you purchased for yourself that you like, man, I wish I hadn't even bought this. Yeah. Yeah. It was a chain. You bought a chain, so what? Yeah, it was, yeah, it was a chain. 'cause I mean, look, listen, listen. At 16, 17, I didn't buy nothing. Right? At 18 I didn't buy nothing. But now I'm 19. Now I'm like, ugh. Like you gotta buy something. Yeah. I'm like, yeah, like I gotta buy something.


Bought me a few cars, bought me a chain. What type of car you get? I got me, I got two. I got a Lamborghini and I got a yours. Okay. So you got the car and the and the s and the SUV? Yeah. Okay. So I'm like, yeah. I'm like, yeah, okay. Let me buy a chain. Like, you know, just to see what it's about. Right. Bought the chain. Heaven warden. I just don't wear it. So What, what is, is it, is it is a Cuban, is it, does it have speed on it? It Was, I bought a, yeah, it was a $50,000 chain. It was, I don't know. Yeah. It's like a Cuban league. Like Ronaldo chain. Yeah. Or whatever. Right. But it's a good chain. I just never wear it. Like it was just a waste. 'cause I don't wear the chain. Right. So what have, what have you learned about money now that you have money surplus, abundance, you're doing very, very well in the streaming and online.


What have you learned most about money? What I learned most about money, money talks. First of all, money, just money kind of runs it world, you know, and, and you gotta really, and, and a lot of people don't. Got it. You know, know. So I try to like, help out as much people. 'cause you know, that's why I, like, I carry cash now. You know, I always carry cash anywhere I go, you know, just to hand it out to somebody, you know? 'cause some people need it, but, you know, money is just, it's kind of what life, what runs on. You have a, a, a, a great team around you.


They talk to you about like, I don't know how long you wanna do this. I don't know if you have any other, what is it hobbies or anything that you wanna do outside of this once this is so, so how, how long do you want to, to stream? How long do you wanna do this? As long as you can. Do you see an end date? You do something else? I love streaming. You know, I wanna really, really perfect it. Like, ah, I really, really perfect it, you know? 'cause I really love the game of streaming. Like, I love the industry of streaming. I like, I really love it. And it's not gonna stop. It's not gonna stop. What is investing, obviously, you know, you say you carry cash because everybody do is not as fortunate as you are.


And sometimes you see people in need and you want to be able to help them. And, and, and, and that's a big thing for you. That's a big thing for you. But what does your team tell you about investing? Like, I don't know, speed. We can't save the world. What do you mean by that? What I'm saying, like you said that you want to help people. Yep. And, and I'm as far as like your team saying, you know, we gotta make sure we invest X, Y, and Z. But you say you carry cash because you want to help people have your team. 'cause I had the same thing. 'cause I, I got a big heart and I want to help. And my team like Shannon, you can't save the world. Exactly. That's true. But if you run, my thing is, if you run into somebody and you know you got it, you know, it don't matter if it's a supporter or like, if somebody asks you, yo, you know, I want to feed, like I was just walking down in Michigan, some dude was walking down, yo, I want feed my daughter Rah, man noodle, blah blah.


Gave him with like 200 ball. You know, like just, I'm talking about stuff like that. I get it, I get it. We can't say the world. Right. But if somebody need it and somebody need help, give them that. And, and plus if you got it right, you know, so I try to like, I'm always sending people money. I'm always sending people money just to help out. And it comes to family, friends, supporters, anything. It's just, Is it hard for you to say no? No, it's not. You know, obviously I ask like, yo, like what you need it for. You're not about to just, but no, it's not hard for me to say no. Ronaldo, you have a, a, your relationship is reo the goat A hundred percent Over messy.


Yes. Wow. Yes. You have a Ronaldo themed Lamborghini Marini and a so that's what it is. You have the chain that's kinda like what he has like a, a a Ronaldo themed chain and a 200,000, 200 plus thousand Lambo. Does, I guess, does Ronaldo have Lambo? 'cause clearly I think you've been to his home. Oh, I, no, I haven't quietly been to his home. You haven't Been to his home. But I, no, I haven't, but yeah, he does have a Rito. He does. He does. What, what? When did you have this? I mean, you are a big soccer fan, I'm assuming football. So when, when did football, okay, when did you have this, this Infinity with, with Ronaldo and like, man, I really, I really like him Starting like in 2022.


Okay. 2022. Like that man, he's really, he like, he still inspires me now. You know, I like, I really like, I really like respect people who like inspires me and keeps me going and, you know, and in the way they live. So when I seen Ronaldo, when I seen how he, you know, he lives, talks how the way, how his career was, you know, like his career is a legacy. Yes. Everything just a legacy. So, and that's what I really like about him. Is it true that you got Ronaldo's face tatted on you? Yeah. Right here. And Messi's jersey number? No. No. Messy? No. So you're not a messy, I mean you respect him.


I mean, you understand that he, he's a really good, but you are biased towards Ronaldo. Yeah. What about you Do I what? Ronald Or Messi? Messy. Alright. Peace up Sharp Messi. Really? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Why? He can just, You don't know nothing about Football? I don't know. As, as I'm as versed in it as you know, but from what I've seen and From what you've seen, what did you See? From what I'm seen? From what I've seen? What did you see? I saw him in the World Cup Nigga. See like, that's It. I No, no, no, no. You being Simple minded. What I mean, you being too simple minded.


What about all those, those balls? Does it count for anything? A ball and Dior? Yeah. Yes. Who has the most? Ronaldo does Mess Does but not Rao. You gotta understand. You understand? Okay. Well help me understand Who you see. I'm not one don. Don't wanna get too deep into this. Get it, get deep. I don't wanna get, okay, listen, listen, listen. Ronaldo has Bo di yours that he should have won and No. Does Mess doesn't have any, he should have won. He got all the ones. So all the ones that mess. He should have won. He ain't get none. He should have won. And, and there's some that mess had that he should not have. Should not have won, huh? In some years, yes. Okay. Ronaldo should have El least nonviolent. Di So does Aldo have some He shouldn't have had?


No. Oh, okay. Because in each year that he won, he obviously deserved them. Okay. But in his, and there's more season that he does deserve 'em. But I think, I think it's a preference. There's there's no preference. Yes, There is no, it's not universal speed is not universal. That Ronaldo is the goat. I guarantee you if you poll a a, a a hundred, a hundred million people, I guarantee Ronaldo will win. Yes, He will. No. Yes he will. We gonna put a poll up? Okay. Put a poll up. No, we gonna put a poll up in this episode. Yep. Who, who, who's the goat? Everybody vote Renardo. You can't do that. I'm okay. So I'm probably tell you what, 5,000 a charity.


If, if Renado gets more votes, you go I'll, I'll, if Ronaldo I'll donate 5,000 to your charity. Okay. If messy gets more votes, you don't fi deal with 5,000 to my charity. Yes. Deal. Deal. That is the easy five grand I've ever go, come up upon


the Emirates. NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action that DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever pla podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to club She she profile and I'll see you there.


With Kroger brand products, you can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audio books and listeners everywhere rejoiced Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon Music app now to start listening terms apply.