
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out Bose dot com.


The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. All reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our Decision 2024 team will provide insight as results come in. And the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th, beginning at 6:00 PM Eastern on M-S-N-B-C.


ODU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs, but odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ooo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com.


Good job. Thanks.


The AI upscaling on the new Samsung Neo QLED and OLED TVs brings old content like from the seventies, eighties, nineties and beyond into the future. So no matter how far back your shows are from, they look groovy baby and colors. In contrast, popping day or night with Glar free OLEDs and the NEO QLED AK processors are awesome sauce. They make every detail look sweet. It's time to bring your TV watching into the future. Welcome to a new era of Samsung AI tv. Discover more@samsung.com. Upscale every moment upscaling. Utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.


You've Almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart ti trau Efgartigimod Alpha and Hyaluronidase Q vfc works by visiting vyvgart.com/moa. That's V-Y-V-G-A rt.com/moa. Brought to you by Argen x


The Volume NBA is finally back. A new season means new ways to get into the action at DraftKings. Book an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You can bet on teams to win game spreads. And of course the best we always love on a Draftking sports book, those NBA Player props, rebounds assist points. All the player props you need can be found on DraftKings new customers. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five two oh and bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Alright, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Same gang with me to my left. I got my dog, Bishop B, he out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty. Cool. I'm nasty. Let's get tour it baby For sure to my right. I got my dog. Young Nacho Young Teague. How you what man? Ooh, I'm chilling bro. Glad to be back. I got on these threes man. It's my first time wearing 'em. I don't know what year these are but it's my first time wearing 'em. I got a couple pairs but I know they about to come back out so I was gonna say they they definitely look brand new. Yeah, they definitely drop again. I think it's like the Black Friday show. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah. I had to go ahead and put something on Friday Elite. That's crazy. Like I know Times is changing but the Black Friday release and then the Christmas release was like the shit that everybody saved they money up for like you had have had 'em two releases down there.


Yeah, I wasn't into Jordans in high school no more. I stopped rocking them. I was rocking Barclays and Foams and yeah, I was gonna say other shit. I was always more Nike basketball than I was Jordan's. I mean Jordan's always fly but the Nike basketball series especially the retro stuff, that was always super heat to me too. Yeah, you'd end up getting 'em phones and blue ones. Yeah, I got 'em. Why the hell again? No, I just saw 'em at hang time. I didn't know if you had grabbed 'em or not. Yeah, I ended up grabbing them. It's about that season. It's getting cold. I don't really rock with Boost too much but them phone pause s indestructible. They ain't get you through anything bro. Nah, for sure. Them definitely the hardest ones to me. Them Royal Blues, the blue ones, the blue phone po. I mean they undefeated. It's it's, it's some fire ass colors in that shoot though.


But that blue is up there. I I like the pros too. I like the pros a lot. What's the, what's the latest Dunking Joints? Yeah, them hard. What's the latest pickup y'all got? I grabbed some bajo yesterday. The shark dust. I fuck with them heavy. They damn really like Babe Air Maxes to an extent man. What did I grab? I don't even know. Probably some Air Maxes, some little cooking shoes. You cooking it all Black Air Maxes? Nah. Nah. Not all black. They got a little flavor to him. My boy in the all black 90 sevens cooking up. That's, that's Denver as dangerous as the Black Air Force one. All black 97 or the all black nineties. Oh yeah, all black nineties. You definitely work at rallies and say all black nineties.


You you definitely that come with your uniform at rallies for sure. And your visor. The 24 hour ones too. The ones still trapping all night. Definitely got the black. It might be paddle too. I talking about the one on college. Huh? Hey if you know 38th of college Indianapolis, Indiana. Yeah that rallies ain't never going nowhere. The old boy daughter used to dance out in front. I don't know if he died but he's definitely moved on. He probably outta here 'cause he was a, when I was a kid getting my haircut cut at that Kenny's, he was about 70. Everybody used to go to that Kenny's. I'm damn near 40 now. So yeah, he RIP. Was he outside during different circumstances or was he, you know what I'm every day. Okay. Every day. No it didn't matter. Yeah he was, yeah every day. I didn't know if he was on the pack or not. I was gonna say if he got the pack then he gonna live forever bro.


Nah for sure. Oh he deffinitely had the pack. Ah yeah, that's the real proof good cop. Oh yeah he was. I used to get that nigga rallies every time I used to make my mama buy him rallies. Nigga, every time I got here, rallies used to have the spicy chicken tenders bro. Them shit was he, I ain't never fuck with that. You was trying to kill that nigga once upon the time. Rally's fries was the best in the business. Oh God. Yeah they still are bro. I, I'm noting rally, I won't know. I see McDonald's killing people Quarter Pounder. Yeah they been, yeah. That's crazy. Yeah, I ain't gonna say killing but e coli. Oh man, that's crazy. A cal in in your body only nigga, you only nigga still eat that shit. Yeah. Stop going there. Pussies sweat on our name.


Niggas Always wanna come up with a new disease. It's new to the Saying the worst things that McDonald's brand has. No, I'm not saying E coli's a new disease. I'm talking about to the brand. No, that's foreign to us. Don't put that on us. What's your go to meal at McDonald's? Well since we're there double Quarter Pounder, that's the one Nigga double bag. That's The No that's what I'm saying. Miss us with that smut double quarter pounder large fry, sweet and sour sauce. Sweet tea, light ice. Or if I'm feeling the little froggy, throw a couple apple pies, A couple's crazy with a little snack.


I'm really not a tree type nigga but I, I'll do a couple apple pies. I ain't gonna hold you back in the day that McDonald's high C and that McDonald's Sprite was the best thing. You smoke ain't no fountain drinks as strong as that motherfucking McDonald's Sprite. That's damn near Hennessy legal for. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what type of high seat they had. For real. That was crazy. That orange high seat they used to have used to go crazy. Yeah. Y'all niggas ain't used to getting nuggets though back in the day. Yeah, 10. Hey I need a 10 piece meal for sure. I and I do fuck with their sweet and tar sauce. That was bro, they barbecue sauce is trash to me. But that sweet and tar sauce they got me together bro. Back in the dar to get the dope, the the number two, the two cheeseburgers and a fry no onions. And I used to still a go in there and get a water cup. Oh you kept Sprite in it?


Yeah. Yeah it was you got there like with your family because it was a, a lot of y'all what was that like a do bill get? Nah, that was do, that's when I used to drive to school. Oh. After school practice. Alright we here now. What's the best fast food place where we go back in the day or now? Because I know not to me was eat fast food anymore. Taco Bell Taco. I swear to God I used to fuck Taco Bell. Oh y'all are fucking shit. I trying to tell dj Taco Beall are sick. I used to go to Kentucky Hut, Kentucky. Hu Taco Hut Georgia, Kentucky Hut. Then we call a blend in my hood. It's still on 38th and Lafayette Road. It's one on 56. Yeah two Chalupa make that hard. Shell soft Taco Supreme.


What we do A what? What we just a family Arnold Palmer. Huh? That's a family member? Nah, you, you asking orders. I gave mine two Chalos and then they brought the Mexican pizza back. Gum smoke. I can just get five soft tacos bro. Damn bro. You ain't get a double deck. You ain't, you ain't to say something. I'm surprised you a hell of an athlete. I'm surprised you ain't got gout tacos I used. That is crazy bro. Bro. With the mild sauce. I thought that was a family plant and little nachos with the cheese on the side. Damn. Yeah I to kill that shit. Damn. He was a growing boy. That's, I ain't gonna lie.


I really, I really wish Taco Bell wasn't so bad but you know. Yeah fuck it. I ain't gonna hold you. I used to smack that. That famous ball from KFCI was something on them. The the famous bowls was God these DJ bougie. Yeah I remember KFC had the popcorn chicken. Y'all remember that? Yeah that was heat. I used to, I used to fuck that up and them barbecue chicken tenders was crazy and they biscuits was crazy with bowlus wings. KFC biscuit. I'm asleep. I say KFC biscuit. What? Yeah you they crazy. That's every week bro. They definitely right after Texas Raw house bread. Oh you scar the house with C Biscuit? Nah you could throw 'em at. Shout out to my auntie. Bring em every Thanksgiving. Nah, a minute outta pocket.


We laugh every time she walk in with For sure. Especially if she put 'em in a aluminum tray. Did she put it did she? Nah she keep the box like sitting on the side. You sent the video though. Old boy with the restaurant selling the Popeye's. They out. That was a white lady. She out of pocket. She outta pocket. She re rocked it. I said damn that's that blue magic. Eh do I don't give a fuck you call it Blue Dog shit that is crazy bro. Because you know what a Popeye's meal look like a mile away chicken and putting it as your main course meal on some sides bro. And selling that shit. Yeah the real rerun bro. But double is crazy.


Hey listen it's that time of the year too. I know we ain't quite pass Halloween but it's that time where everybody's making a final list for Thanksgiving. This is my favorite time of year 'cause this the only time my family group check get real disrespectful. Everybody want to venture and show what they worked on all year. Nah, ain't no new shit. Stick what you did last year. Nah for sure. I just, Thanksgiving is a good time to get with your family. Like even if you got in-laws, the in-laws turned up too though. Even if you got in-laws. It's funny. No I'm just saying though, that'd be a good time too. Like I really just go to drink bro. Yeah. Laugh and shit. Yeah I don't want to go for the food like yeah the food overrated to me. Yeah I'm gonna eat my mama food anyway so I ain't gonna eat nobody else stuff while there. Thanksgiving ain't really a vibe on the food side to me.


Not no more. Dang. Hey honestly I'm getting to that point too. I mean more traditional Thanksgiving but Christmas I don't give a damn what that is bro. It don't have to be no Turkey. It don't gotta be no ham bro. We could have a seafood boil for I'll give a damn. Just make sure it's fire. We used to do a Christmas breakfast back in the day. Oh yeah the Christmas brunches heat. Yeah that's what my mom used to do too. And my sister, she hosts game night the night before. That be lit. I don't know. It don't be about the food to me no more. I don't really give a fuck. I like barbecue food anyway more. Damn well barbecue for Thanksgiving kind of lit. Nah that's, that's crazy. But I'm just saying like when I go like in the summer I like summer food but like barbecues and shit like I don't really like Thanksgiving like that. It's cool but like get that nigga a Turkey rib on the 25th.


What up with some charcoal on it? On God bro. Barbecue heat bro. No barbecue is fire on the low. I love soul food but I can only eat soul food for so much. That's how I feel about the holidays a month apart like that. That's crazy bro. Nah you know though, since we were speaking about Halloween, how y'all feel about girls dressing on Halloween? You know niggas got situations but are girls out of pocket or do y'all give 'em passes for what they wear? Oh nah, go crazy. Go do your thing, get your shit off. Go crazy. Yeah I don't care. I seen a little beef on Twitter about that. Niggas was like man if your girl go out on her ass out da da she outta pocket check her dms, all that shit. Mm Niggas it's weird. Y'all niggas be caring about that shit.


I don't care bro. I don't either. Let me know if you hoop bro. If you score 30 bro, tap in motherfucker. Motherfucker don't do whatever they want man. Well okay that's the crazy thing because you don't really want him to tap in after he bro dropped 30. Your bitch just wanna let you know. Fuck talking about tap in nigga you want the nigga to tell you if you KD verse bro in 2017 tap in on my mama. But if you just, you know Warren boy passed the drink. Turn her up bro. Tell her she look good. Get that motherfucker 88 charvet ready for me bro. Warm it up, bitch up beat her up. But if he tell you is a difference if you tell he was LeBron Arcadian that match up.


Yeah it don't even matter bro. They both went crazy. Don't matter probably kd. KD bro is crazy bro got all that other shit in there. He went yeah he was. He was off the go pack when he was bro. Yeah he did the tunnel walk in LeBron ddt. Hey that's funny you talk about that. I seen on Twitter the other day they was doing like tunnel fists but they were just like you go to your sneaky league house and they had like the ring cam and niggas walking up in different face. I said boy if I was her husband I'd be shitty. A nigga got a montage of walking in your crib. That's crazy. First of all that bitch need to be shot in the face Because If you got a sneaky link and you bring him tomorrow a steak bitch you gotta die.


She can't play home games. No bro, that's out of pocket. Please don't cheat at home. BN said neutral slice only. No that's crazy bro. For a woman that I don't think like and it happens more often than what we think though for your girl to bring a nigga home bro and let him crack and y'all big bro. She hates you bro. She think you a hoe bro. Ain't no way even the hoe is the hoes niggas bro Because You done cross the line bro. That's crazy bro. Yeah at the crib book room bro. Yeah at the crib. Nah yo at the crib crazy and me watching this nigga walk up on a ring cam At the crib is Christ.


And I feel like side niggas be bringing gifts and shit side. Niggas do all this shit. She'd be telling them, telling the nigga all the shit you don't do. He done brought Flyer, I seen he brought candy. What about if he giving her like 20,000 here and there bands? Yeah. Oh That's an operation I Everybody in. Go check we locked in Nigga That nigga 20 kind 30 Bro.


What kind niggas ahead Man? Okay. Oh you are crazy. Hey but this is a funny top of the transition too. Hey you see B out? Get the game over over Anthony Simons? Yeah what's crazy is shout to Trey Murphy. Apparently they have the same baby mama. Right. So in the Postgame. Oh shit. So in the Postgame he was like Tell tell who Better Twin. Ask her who better. Oh Trey Murphy said that. Tell Who tell one favorite. Damn Now That's what Crush MoMA then. Oh so They got the same baby mama That's Hear the one work she she shout to her. She ain't talked about enough.


Yeah we're and that's and that's even better shout out to her. She playing the game the right way. Talking about a lot of people in the same field. Hey she got her. She getting her shit off on the low but that shit was hilarious dog. How do these girls be doing it? She's a legend bro because both of them niggas is cash cows Max deals she elite bro. Shout out to your mama. What she doing? That's, that's what dudes on. They Trade on the child the right way in their household. Yeah that's a unique situation. But that's crazy bro. They hit the game winner. Yeah. Anthony why you guarding him? They probably, that's a better wonder if they cool They they they probably cool.


They switched. Who got the oldest baby party said bi. Okay, that would make more sense. I fuck with BI for that. I fuck with both but that's crazy. No Trey Murphy you a fool bro. You are a fucking fool for that. That is wild. I didn't know that bro. That's new news to me. That is news. I don't even wanna speak on it really. I just nah s that one man. But that's hilarious. Damn. That's crazy For sure. That's wild man. Love the BA. We gotta talk about it. We went to New York City got our ass whooped. Tyrese laying the egg.


That shit is crazy. I ain't gonna read too much into it 'cause it set game of the season and the last time we was there. Nah, read into it. Nah I mean bro we'll never shoot that bat again. We lost about 20 and Tyrese didn't score at all. We'll never shoot that bat again. You gotta get some starlet ho. Oh that's what it was. He had, he had the ones from the Pink Pony. We gotta get something from Starlets. Yeah the motherfuckers some my carwash. That motherfucker said when they flip the sign neutral he had, they were you gotta get something from Starlets bro you gotta get something a little, a little more puff brother. My nigga said the snows still frozen on my boy fingertips. When my nigga was short every shot that game I was praying Tyrese got going.


Nah and then of course Mikel Bridges remember how to shoot the basketball again against us. Yeah he is. Yeah he back my fault Mikel. I know I talked a bunch of shit about you Jim shout out to you boy. You figured it out man. I'm happy for you. Nah it'll be back. It is just a pace. I want to pay somebody to research every like clip that especially like highlight reels 'cause somehow some way and RS fans feel this. We are the first thing on there. Anytime a nigga play the Pacers it is time to get all the content off. Terrance Ross is Kobe Bryant against the Pacers all his best mix and he got a crazy mix tape. The best moments against the Pacers bro. All his high scoring games. I is Tyrese not locked in enough though. For real though. He had the probably the worst game of his career bro. I I'm Oh that don't get no worse than that. I'm just saying like what do you think it is though?


I don't know bro. I mean shit, it's a tough start. Yeah and it's, and to be, I know it's our job to overact but it's, it's the second game of the season and it ain't played at home yet. It get a home game under his belt. He gonna shoot better. He gonna have a moment get the dancing and all that shit. Yeah and the Knicks needed that game bro. They needed that game after they home smack. Yeah come on. You know that's a lot of pressure in the city. I ain't mad at that loss man. It was crazy though. I was like god damn, like Tyrese not gonna score it all my nigga. Yeah they definitely gonna blame the bunnies. Yeah I'm, I ain't even gonna start my brick Carl. I hate 'cause it's game two but that's crazy. He still picked them three. Motherfucker told me they one of his cousins now I'm shitty. Oh that that wasn't Ken Folk.


No it wasn't Ken Folk now bro. Don't worry about Tyree man. Come on bro. He had the, he had the the KFC biscuits with him. Nah that mean he has Maia with him. Nah, Hey was terrible bro. KFC biscuit Popeye's biscuit. Which one you taking K Pop bro. Popeye, that's crazy about to die eating a Popeye's biscuit bro. Bro. Honey, honey in the microwave 27 I've seen the honey you use nigga. Ain't no black fuck with that shit. Hey that'll turn you up, up kill you. The bighead biscuit off that McDonald fucking sharp. Nah, Shannon Sharp, all that motherfucker barking and shit. Nah, Shannon Sharp. Who like he in the zoo.


I'm bringing the club to the damn. I'm still like flabbergasted that my nigga, they got the same baby moms. No that's crazy. I mean I, I imagine it's probably a little bit more common than we think of but for him to have that post conference like, I mean the press game stuff and obviously it was an off camera interviewing him or showing him that shit's funny as hell. I don't want guard this nigga in Clutch bro. You know that's gonna be good guy bro. Look got some different kind of, I don't even know if they got beef in or they probably don't. Nah they're probably cool as hell. But still my daddy better than yours.


That clip going resurface bro. Oh what's in the family group chat? Damn them babies probably young though. Shout out to the kids bro. Shout out to the family man. Yeah patience get well soon. We got smack. It's cool. Don't need to worry about it Rick Carlisle don't start that shit with in rotations bro. You already starting game two. We don't need that type of bad energy already to start the season off. Hey man, free Lil Dirk man. DIY yo. Free Dirk man. I seen what's the little nigga that used to look like him? What they called him? His little nigga that was acting like him. Oh like what the nigga name was like s Murky. I know. Was it? Yeah his, he was the one that was just stunned up getting booked and stuff like that. They said take the charges man. They said come back and take the you wanna be jerk nigga lock your come back and take the charges man, his man wearing that wire though is crazy.


That's different. Oh a nigga wore a wire on him. Yeah for nasty. A nigga who told him told on him we wore wire for a couple years. Ah it's over with. Yeah and it's crazy. He came home, put him on his feet, got him together and then he talk about that song, that video that they got. Well the podcast he did with Wallow and them at the beginning they dropped that song. He basically saying what he did gave a nigga 50 bands to make a play, you know what I mean? Take care of his shit and shut his mouth and the whole time he was an informant so Yeah. That's crazy man. Damn. Wipe back yo down it's over. Yeah it is over bro. Yeah that's, that's a sad situation. You don't wanna see no bars man.


Yeah that's, that shit crazy. Yeah he gotta die. It was crazy because they was just like For real bro. He get murdered this week but nah that's week bro. A nigga put you on your feet. That's a different type of betrayal man. Yeah bro, that's a different type of bet. He was a weirdo. Alright. I don't even know the story but that's weird. No, that's what happened though. I forgot dude name but he basically been running around for two years with a wire on him. He weird. Yeah shit that was the time to jam him up. They had enough info to go pick him up so that nigga weird. Yeah that shit crazy. Yeah but I'm saying though your man give you 50,000 bro. And he said on the interview that like Dirk basically took care of him so yeah held him down while he was locked up and came out, got him on his feet. I mean what more could you as why the situation?


Yeah bro, he weird. I don't know. That's crazy though bro. Sad, sad day man. Wallo said all the time bro. It cost too much to be a street nigga though. Y'all niggas gotta find something else to do. They say Wallo gotta come up with a different script. They say all the all the talks he been giving to people has not worked. What shit He be trying, they ain't listening. Yeah, niggas ain't listening bro. They is not listening bro. I'm tapped in wallow them they, he spit real shit. All his book is fire too. Yeah, I'm like about halfway through it but his book is fire. His whips is crazy too. I ain't gonna hold you that nigga car collection called. Oh yeah, them them them this book he got now about to give him a couple more. Yeah but they do all the little, he had the same talk with G King Vaughn nigga they had King V on before he died and that boy that died too in LA and Orozco chicken a waffle.


Oh yeah, PNB was in the interview too. He was talking about me to kill you all PNB Rock. This nigga always killing somebody nigga I'm always killing somebody. Well people really be dead in my book. Mark Henry is still alive bro. That's the only one. The BN book or The, I just saw him. He had a heart attack. He made it through though. No he never, they shot him to Methodist and he got out of there. Listen, Mark Anthony is never a Methodist. I, I don't know what WB played but I know he just said something about Mark Anthony. Oh Shit. Mark s Mark Anthony, that's j Lo nigga. Nah he ain't somebody else nigga. Hey yo respect I expect


Speaking of Russell it October also brings us the start of that new NBA season hoops is in full effect and with all the basketball going on, you shouldn't have to worry about when you buy tickets to your next big event. Game time is a fast and easy way to buy tickets for all the sports, music, comedy and theater events near you with the great last minute deals all in prices, views from your seat and the best price guarantee game time takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. So go ahead and take the guess word of buying tickets with game time. Download the game time app, create an account and use the Code Club five 20 for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and redeem Code Club five 20 for $20 off. Download the game time app today. Last minute tickets lowest price guarantee.


The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. All reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow on our Decision 2024 Team will provide insight as results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th beginning at 6:00 PM Eastern on M-S-N-B-C.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear buds To have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more check out bows.com


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode, but this is my luck. Michigan I think destroys Michigan's day. You just gave me the only stat I need. So put me down for the Spartans. Billy Matt has a great record. You should be telling Matt this season, but the moment he starts giving away salaries and guarantee and I think he loses his way a little bit. There's no way mis this game is at Michigan, right? It it's in the big house. There's some truth To That dude. Michigan, I'm trusting a rivalry game. This is, you have no faith in the big blue of Michigan. No, no I have no faith in your lock of the week.


It has nothing to do with the teams. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings. To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts,


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Get In zone. AutoZone, welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? Ah, sounds like wipers. If your wipers are streaking, skipping, chattering, or even worse loud, you need to visit AutoZone and get some fresh new blades. We've got basic wipers to get you back on the road as well as premium blades from Bosch and Rain X. So if you're hearing this, just head to your nearest auto zone or autozone.com. Get in zone Auto Zone


Sports Illustrated. They put out a top 20 list of greatest rappers. wwe, all time. I'm just going through rappers rest my bad. I'm gonna go top 10 for you. Yeah, Bruno. So Mario, you right here? Nah, he the best number. One. 10 he 10. Oh, okay. Nine. Brett Hart, Bruno. Alright, Sean. Michaels eight. Damn. He high. I mean triple H seven De Shawn Michaels a better, nah Shawn Michaels are better than Triple H but go ahead. I'm rolling. Undertaker six. Wow. The dead man at six. Okay. Roman reins five. They got, I fuck with Roman Rains. He's way too high bro. Way too high way. He's not better than Shawn Michael. No, no, no, no. John CNA.


Four John CNA, the Rock Three Hulk Hogan, two Stone cold one. I ain't mad at it. I came in on there never. I put, I probably put the Rock before LK Hogan did so much for wrestling but I wasn't a fan of his wrestling abilities at all. He was trash wrestling. But Sean Michaels is hired in Roman Range for sure. I'm just go to the last 'cause of that. Tony that had Becky Lynch, I don't know who that is, but respect. Yeah, so like I, yeah she, she cool. 19 Mick Foley. Where is Ray Mysterio Sting? Lex Luger? Chris Jericho at 18.


That's another nigga that died. He lie 17. You see him punk? I like Je but I don't know if See him punch. Go ahead. Andre De Giant is 16. Damn Randy or did 15 where see Randy or a top 10 wrestler all the time. I I think Randy or should be way higher than 15. Randy Orin is he really above Roman reigns than me. Like Randy Orin been doing this shit for 20 something years and he'd been relevant the whole time and he damn near like the best technical wrestler outta all them. Like he's damn near cold wrestling. That's too many generations mixed in. I know that's y'all shit but Edge at 14.


Damn. I don't know. I like Edge too. Rod Piper at 13 you can put Roddy like 28 and 11. I mean, excuse me. At 12 they had Kurt Eng where the fuck is Rick Flair at? Not on this list but they said that Rick Flairs, they say WWE wrestlers. I don't know if that clarifies W Wrestling. wwe. Yeah I I didn't know if they was trying to do some weird WCW stuff that didn't make sense to me either, but I'm just going off this list. And then they had Randy Savage at 11. Yeah. Yeah. Where the fuck is that? Yeah bro. Yeah that I don't like that. Hey yeah Lex Luger ain't on there. I don't even fuck wrestling but Lex Luger need to be on there so Nah, Lex Luger top 50 bro. He was a terrible wrestler. He was the first crash out bro. He definitely was a crash.


Yes he was. He was bro. I mean I shouldn't say crash because he a wheelchair now. Yeah he went too far but yeah. Oh he does. Boy listen that's the real CTE. Fuck the NFL. Everybody die if you wrestling. That's the easiest way to right there. We just got ep, that word everything else to school. Just bleep that word. It's all good. Yeah just that call that number one 800 what's the, what's the number is they don't got Rick Flair on there so I can't really take that list serious. For real. Yeah I listen, I I know I might be a little biased bro, but shout Michael should be hired bro today. Yeah, Roman Roman res is like he, how do you rank niggas of the fake sport?


It's about performing man bro you can write bro. That's crazy bro. Can you write the actor that's more, that's more like that's what they're bro bro, bro. Athletes acting not athletes. They're performers bro. Nah bro. Nah bro. That shit cap bro. Nah my nigga Shawn Michaels is running around bro. Flexing and kicking people in the face bro. My nigga should be top five bro. So y'all don't rank actors like they win awards for acting. I know bro. But I'd rather rank Denzel than fucking, what's the jalapeno Raven Stereo like come on bro. They perform nigga Halloween every day bro.


Performance bro. Don't I Little Bobby be Raven, I nigga jumping off the road in, jump off this balcony nigga we'll put a trip on The is crazy. Nah, that's real shit. He, he wasn't fucking with though. Child fucking with Pocket a couple of my wrestler friends man. No man, I don't mind nothing. You can't rank for real bro. That's rank on a, a fake sport y'all. That's crazy bro. It's performing bro. Who the best performers like make you believe it's real for you to compare that to like Will and Jamie and Denzel and they, they acting them niggas we Smith acted tough.


I I shouldn't say that but it just leave it keep going. Nah what he's, that's not a bad word no more. That's how he feel. Hey or he let nigga hit his girl. Whatever. You just that document it. Yeah that nigga talking about niggas personalities. I'm just saying they act they actors. Wait was August Aino on the ring camera? No saying y'all act like he was, niggas act like he was chasing nigga down in bad boys. He ain't, nah Augustino was slide. I don't talk about how fucking you had to be a dope to be a good wrestler. Yeah them niggas was really, if you watch the dark wrestler bro, they really was fucking people up outside the ring like doing some wild shit.


Hey anytime fans came in the ring bro they got their ass G people bro. Was niggas really bleeding on the S show? Was that Nah, they was, they really get fucked up. Okay. Yeah some of the lower circuit stuff. Yeah like the ECW. Yeah. Nah they was really yeah fucked up with no health insurance. That's why a lot. Mike used to wrestle in high school. He did. Did y do y'all He used to wear the motherfucker with the shit on the ear. Oh I wanted to ask that. Why don't high schoolers wrestle in the ring? Why they put you on that play mat? That that's not it's professional wrestling then it is like real wrestling. I always wondered that like why niggas on this yoga man wrestling these gold ass niggas have got a whole full boxer Rick in this motherfucker.


I feel like, I feel like Lu was more safe than Mike. Them They was. They that's why they ears be all fucked up and shit. Cauliflower. Yeah Mike ear fucked up. That's white. That motherfucker came from Mike ear. What's that? Hey that's Another thing in high school man y'all niggas was lame. It's JRTC and then niggas that wrestled The rtc, the TC niggas Citizen Roll.


When I see that all these shoes you wrestled in high school, I don't give a fuck you was laying the bitch because they all used to start off like this. No they start on a ground one on top, one on the ball. How you start? Wow. How you start? How you start? Mike's no Mike how you start's? No in this conversation how you start start up, you get tell you start a different Way. Move on. Thems was damn lose used to do you wrestl too to on it.


Lemme stop. Motherfuckers pulling the rest of it can be strong on top of my head man. Oh man y'all crazy as hell. You had nigga you had to wear the single joint though. Yeah you had to wear the single. Oh that the helmet. Oh that not a helmet. It is just it ear prediction. Oh okay. Wait a minute. The NL now the guardian caps niggas gotta wear A she And some beat as nasty as fuck. So like what was your record bro? I only wrestled to the 10th grade.


What baby? What was your record? When did you start? I think I was like 16 and four or something like that. That's pretty good. Nah, you saw it so it was cool. No wonder you always wanna like all the time would be start argue he start moving his head Like Karate and shit. Russian. Okay. Damn that's crazy bro. I know Karate too. Shout to karate. That's more respectful bro. No one's Not. Nah, if no karate are way more respected than niggas that do wrestling bro. It's it's backwards. His ass backwards. No bro. Niggas Like dance With teens. You Ain't never seen a karate nigga get beat up a black belt.


James Johnson niggas are scared of him bro. He don't Practice karate Don he practice whoop ass. What do he's like Brazilian juujitsu or something like that. Ain Wrestl. Wrestl Wrestl. That's wrestling. He he knows wrestling. I know he a black belt though. Yeah bro. In Brazilian juujitsu Did you see that nigga drop kick a motherfucker. I seen that nigga do a lot. Shit. I aint shit that wasn't no regular fish fight my chance a wrestler my mama. What the fuck? That's crazy. Might think a wrestler is more tough than a nigga to do karate. Fuck no. 100% Bro. You crazy bro. You smarter talking Brazilian Jiujitsu or Karate nigga Karate. Karate. I'm nothing black belt.


I'm nothing on the boards. It's choreographed bro. I'm nothing on the karate. This choreographed moves Man. Motherfucker learned to cry with yo karate. Get some shit. You're fucking dumb. Motherfucker Roundhouse, you gimme DJ J Jim over karate Man You started trying to do that. Mike's find your way in there. Troll The fuck Mike Trolling. Shout out to the wrestling community man. They gonna have a ball with this Mo. I I I like pro wrestling so that other shit they talk about Mike. Y'all like the fake wrestling too Bro. Don't do that. Niggas die about that shit. I was gonna say hey it is a lot of people's fucked up first try finding out. Wrestling was fake. Oh fuck me up. That's why I stopped tapping in bro.


When I went to that shit, that motherfucker Marcus Square winner. I told my brother bro this is bullshit bro. This motherfucker is filled nigga from the bottom to the top. People yelling. Yeah bro. When I tell you they have probably one of the best productions of like anything period. Bro. Every time they came to the field house bro they there. They early, they got trucks. They got a whole production team that's there remote bro. They put on a show bro. Yeah, yeah it's a show. Yeah that shit different shit like soap opera man I seen what's that? What's the soap opera call? They been on Days of Our Lives. Yeah bro that shit been on for 60 years. Yeah, shit older than us bro. Victor Newman still out here. Alright so who your favorite wrestler team all time The Rock.


So you taking the Rock Wrestling career over Denzel acting, career respecting, like so far? So far. Respect more? Yeah, I think Denzel acting is tougher for sure. Like Oh okay. It is crazy to play somebody else like yeah the Rock was just playing himself made himself a unbelievable character but like Denzel gotta go play Frank Lucas's Curse. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I think that's what Michael's getting at though. Like Acting Niggas is is different then but it's harder if you can go portray somebody else and you got a script to follow. This nigga had to, you gotta freestyle some of that shit. Really. You gotta make people like you or you gotta make people hate you. So it might be a little tougher because you gotta make people hate you or like you kind of like how me and you niggas like you niggas hate me.


Vice versa. Vice versa. Yeah. So if you ain't got the skill to do that you might be out of it pretty quick. Hell yeah. Caught bunch of but that di Denzel, I mean that's probably one of the worst examples of this situation. That nigga's a good but I rather beat a rock. I'd rather beat a rock than Denzel calling the Rocks. Talking about the Rock. The Rock is Cassidy. But look, the Rock still act, the rocks still act too though. Oh yeah? Yeah. And they get paid just as much as Denzel. Nah the body of work is crazy. I was just talking about now that discography, I mean and they all different and that okay from wrestling though. That is true. So I'll, I'll take the Rock for sure. But the Rock we, I'm gonna take the Rock 'cause he's straight. That's it for me though. Shout to Lindy Kravis. Hey excuse bro.


I don't know what that talking about Rock. I'm gonna jump off the roast to some motherfucker. Coochie rule You gonna raise your eye first. I, I agree with T. You crazy. Y'all seen label works Trey? Yeah I seen it. Y'all know who won Battle of the Best pgs in the, in the east couple. Yeah that was a hell of a game. I think. Gimme relo. Nah you do your take. I think Tre Young man I think Deonte is leaving even though they said they was cool, they was friends, they had a good relationship, whatever that is. But him getting the ball back in his hand, he know he can just be himself and ain't gotta worry about pleasing somebody else on the balls. Like making sure somebody else is happy on the court.


I think we tapping into that that MVP candidate Trey, you know what I mean? Whoa. No seriously. I mean the Hawks go as far as he go. So if he having moments like he been having shit, he gonna be in the runner for MVP. I don't know why he gets so much hate. I I really don't. I mean I get we may not have the like him but as far as a player, yeah he don't play defense but he puts up stats and I think maybe that's the beef. But Reon been cold. I think daddy kicked in. I'm Michael Jackson but I, my fuck shot. I think it's the Steph Curry comparison then the Luca Draft. Yeah like getting traded for Luca. I think that's shit kind of hurting, you know not hurting but like people look and see what Luca doing, how far his team is going, all that shit.


It kind of be like damn. But what's fucked up about it is until last year he had, they never went farther than him. Where the same amount 'cause he got to Eastern Conference finals. Nah, I'm tapped in with Trey. I know you know like I know he makes it to the Eastern conference finals. We played him so I know what he is capable of. I know what kind of teammate he is. I know what kind of player he is. People just don't seem to like that his style of play. I think they think it's like a knockoff of Steph Curry but I think he done carved his own lane. They treat him like they do James hard when he was with the Rockets down there. Yeah. Yeah. Like no matter what you do Numberwise, you still, we have a Sigma of how we view you and that's how we just gonna label with you. Ah yeah and Lalo shit I, I love to see him kill, love to see him bounce back after, you know what I'm saying?


Last year's disappointing injuries. They weren't that good but he's, he cementing himself to let people know he really liked that. For real. He better than me. That's so you'd rather have Lalo? Yeah I think a lot of people would rather have Lalo just maybe because of the age difference. I don't think it's that much off but nah Trey, Trey killer though. I ain't Trey Young better but if I had to pick I'm take I'm take a little bro. La Melo ain't won nothing. Like he ain't let his team to nothing no hat on Meow there Justand we just got there. I mean how long we gonna keep saying he just got there re did that shit in five years. He been he fifth. Damn he only been year three nigga it's a, that's a fifth year. Nah he know Mexico Melo ain't been in the league five years bro. This is year. We could be wrong. I thought this five years is crazy though.


It's a mellow fifth year because rookie year he had rookie year and then second year he was did got draft in 2020. Yeah yeah it was four because he was an all star second year. Yeah. Y'all see man Trey had a better team. Ah bro we did crash out Ben and C in Charlotte bro too shy. Come on bro. Ain't saying the organization a little bit structured a little bit different. Yeah I ain't saying you ain't but I just think the production Trey Young gives and the production at Lalo. Yeah I think Trey Young give you more but I like Lalo though. Tre unicorn though. It's hard getting a guard that smile though with that type of production.


Yeah they ain't even drafting motherfuckers that smile no more. So I get it because I they 'cause early on they tried to give Sha Cooper like that capability but then they gave him a knock because of his size too. It's like you said, I still think Shaef Cooper can play in the NBAI think he can too but I think it is different conversation rather than he can just play also, I don't know if he can guard NBAI think that might be, I mean the league changing though. He can't guard that's what he's people like Rey Young and Darius Garland, they they unicorns for sure. Most definitely Shout to Darius Garland man one of the most underrated pgs in the NBA. Like I know he gets his but Darius Garland is cold at basketball and people don't speak on enough. He got a lot to prove this year though. Yeah it is about time for him to take that next step.


It's like he, he made the all-star team and he started like teetering back and forth and it's like bro you gonna have to either go up or you gonna be you know, middle of the pack pg because it's a lot of great pgs hardest position in basketball. Yeah for sure. And I think he in the middle of the pack right now but he got a chance and opportunity to make himself solidify himself as top 10 for sure. Yeah. Do you feel like if he was in a different situation we wouldn't be having this conversation? Nah he in the perfect situation. I mean he, he only other person he got worried about is Donovan. Everybody else said screens, you got Mobley set screens, they working on his offense. Yeah. Stretch Allen says screens and the only person you gotta worry about is Donovan Mitchell and he can't shoot every shot.


I mean he'll try but not everyone you can easily average 24 on that team. Easy. Yep. Hmm. That's true bro. I agree. I think, I think Kenny's a coach that would put him in that position too, too as well. Yeah. Yeah I think he gonna have a great year but like the opportunity he got like point guard's dream like that's a dream situation y'all supposed to be working out like Luca and Kyrie working out. Yeah that's a dream situation. Yeah like I would've loved to been like in a situation like that for sure make a lot of sense. A bunch of big dudes that's on set screens and some I ain't demanding the ball and I ain't gonna say the other players are average but, well Max, max Stru is a shooter. Yeah George Niang shooter Ver gonna get it off the door anyway.


Vert. Yeah he gonna do his thing but Wade shooter, he just got shooting in bigs and you got another guard that y'all just take turns Really? So I agree with that. Yeah I I feel like like you said it is definitely a time for him to make the mark. He got paid too so he might be a little comfortable but I think it's definitely time for him, you know what I'm saying? Make some noise again. Show people who he is. Yeah Facts speaking of college basketball, you know what I'm saying that's coming back too. People, I ain't heard a lot of noise rap outside of the Cooper Flash situation. We got Rutgers, they got the two young stars in there that's gonna go crazy. Yeah, yeah but I watched they preseason game. Yeah they practice game. Yeah. St John's. Yeah. Yeah the two young boys. Nice. Ron Harper's son Cole bro. Nice. Yeah I could see him. I honestly could see him being the number one pick.


I mean you not gonna pick him number one 'cause of Cooper flag 'cause well everything that come with him and you know just being honest. He the great white hope you know what I mean? Come on man. Athletic white dude like that got potential to be a star or whatever but Ace Bailey got so much potential to be a star and Harper he the one ace Bailey Cole, he the one bro Ace Bailey Cole bro he the one, he the best player in college basketball to me. He got that, he got that Brandon Miller type of game like that Paul George mode with Brandon Miller type game. He got the ability to be a superstar in the NBA. I wouldn't be surprised if he got picked before Cooper, but I mean like I said, we know why it wouldn't make sense but yeah it's deep in a rap.


Yeah I think it's talent. They both wear Adidas. I mean they both wear Nikes at Adidas school. Like in practice that's fire.


The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis. You need all reporters around the ground. Steve Konecky is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight as results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday November 5th beginning at 6:00 PM Eastern on Ms NBC.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with These open ear Buds to have good sound on it. To be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For More check out Bose dot com


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Get In Zone. AutoZone, Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? Getting ready for more rain and longer nights. We've got you right now. You can earn up to $25 in bonus rewards when you buy two Sylvania Silver Star Ultra bulbs and two rain X quantum elite wiper blades. More rewards and better visibility at America's number one lighting destination AutoZone Get Auto Zone Offer valid for auto zone rewards members restrictions apply.


Our kids have said to us since we've moved to Minnesota we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors For us. Just this overall sense of community of the values that you know Minnesotans Have. It's a real accepting a loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live.


Yeah. Cooper flag's so raw though. Like I get it. You know he gonna get the pass 'cause you know, I mean he the other tone but he raw bro. Nah, he cold. Who Cooper flag? Nah, he cold. I ain't, no I'm not knocking Cooper Flag Nah. No, no. You not knocking him. But I'm saying though, either pick you get you okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm not knocking Ace Bailey called Cooper Flag Code. I ain't, I ain't knocking. I'm just saying like he has the potential to be better than Cooper Flag for sure. But I'm not saying Cooper Flag not gonna be a star. No, no, you ain't saying that at all. I'm saying they both can be, this draft class is like the draft class people was waiting for facts, bro. You know what I mean? So, and I, Harvard son is special. I didn't know he was like that. I caught him in, I know I'll be fucking with the aau, but nah, he, he liked that.


He liked that for sure. Yeah. I watched the Arkansas game verse Kansas and DJ Waner come back to school with a great decision. Nah, nah, he looked way more comfortable. Like I could see him having a big year. I could see him probably being late first round pick. So yeah, that's, and like a lot of things people talking about, it was like, you know when we talked about it with Miles like jumping after where you ready or then, you know what I'm saying, waiting another year. It's a hell of a gamble. But, and people, his situation and a lot of people's situation sometimes if them won and done just came back to school one year, I get it. Go get that bread. But if you had one more year, but you could just show your full capabilities, you may not get Typecasted when you get drafted. Yeah, he wasn't gonna get drafted in the first round. Oh nah. He, he needed to go back to school. I don't think it was an option for him to teeter it.


They said it but there was no reason for him to go. Nah, nah, he made, he made the best decision going back to school. And I think he's way more comfortable in a situation that he know he can flourish in. I think he gonna have a big, big year. What'd you think Carter gonna do in Arkansas? Carter Knox, I think he two year player. He probably gonna average like 8, 9, 10, like around there. I like him as a player. I just know how it is. When you got Dominic Gars like a dude, like DJ Wagner who's coming back to school. Yeah, yeah. You gonna have to wait your turn, kill him like, you know what I mean? Like I'm, I'm going to get it and Yeah, in they preseason game you seen him and the other guard, he's a freshman too.


I think his, I forgot his name. Flat pull him up girl man, I'm sorry to mess up man. Is that mess his name up? Yeah, but he a point guard. Nah, he nice too though. I think his name may be like something start with a FI can't remember. Freak him out. I don't wanna mess his name up. Okay. Do your thing. It'll come to me from Arkansas. Yeah. For every time he Flan Flan maybe Boogie Flynn. Boogie Flan. Yeah. Yeah, there he go. Yeah, he had a, he had some, I watched a little bit of that. He had some moments. He nice. Yeah, he has some moments. Moments where I was like, I ain't tapped in with Boogie. I'm about to tap in. Yeah, he, he a freshman. Okay. McDonald's. He okay.


Yeah, he, he's one, he's a UK recruit basically. Okay. Yeah, I think he was top one, one or two top point guards. I used to just, I'm, I'm big on the niggas that's outta shape in that kill. So when Bro was working for O, you know shout out to OTE. We love y'all but Carter used to destroy them niggas out there bro. Like the only thing I fear about Carter Knox is that the shout to shout to OTE were crazy. You would not go shout John not gonna shoot them shots. So I think yeah, his name is what? Boogie Flynn. He could create his own bucket though. Yeah he can Carter Carter can create his own shot bro. He's definitely a out in player for sure. He a perimeter nigga but he can get to that cup.


He uses his size, he's special. Yeah, I think college basketball gonna be far this year when all people have concerns of it. But I think this year, like you said, this will be the draft class. Everybody's excited for. You gonna have a lot of good teams this year. I think the tournament's gonna be crazy this year. I'm excited to see a couple team. I'm excited to see my boy Ian Jackson in North Carolina. UNC. Yeah. Wanna see Ian? Yeah, I wanna see what Ian do. Yeah, I excited. You know what, since we talking about you though, I know you tapped in bro. Cut the dreads bro. We gotta get a fade bro. Dang, that's crazy. Yeah, we gotta get a fade bro. What's wrong? What's wrong with the dreads bro? Nah, they too mad at bro. They too mad at We grind it. We grinding until we get to the league bro. Nah, you made it bro.


You made it bro. You ain't be happy n anybody else at 16? Cool, cool to cross so you can walk bro. CRO didn't had no foot, he had to crawl. He did, bro. Kunta had witch a hops. Apparently that nigga said crawl so he, that nigga really ain't no foot. That's crazy. That's why Terrell got weed because of Shout to Terrell. Shout to my brother man. My brother got weed. Shout to my dog. Ain't no shout out man. Shout to IU being undefeated man. Yeah. Did they win today? Yeah man, they handle biz against Washington man. Shout out to him. I told you I'm an IU fan. Damn bro. If we won de near 40, we could tell Nah we would've been out there with Tyrese.


Hey man Tyree he getting beer poured on him anyways. Hey, lemme tell you right now. Tyres at Bloomington. Oh yeah. Filthy word goat numbers. But that's the same as Iowa shit. It's the same school. Fuck. Nah you a little different than Iowa at Iowa State too. Yeah, that Bunny Central bro. Iowa State is filthy school though. Yeah, nah, bloom Central bro. Now we is a Bloomington together. That's, that's a different, that's a different crop. We still had a legendary call out night shouts to iu but the college game based stuff was crazy. Like Yeah, yeah man, pat, pat McAfee really turned that up. Pat McAfee made college game game day code for real? Nah bro, he really reinvented that show to this being, him being an ex and Knix Saban is crazy bro because Knix Saban just look at him like why am I here bro?


Why he feeding him some steak today though? Did you see that? Yeah bro, him, him giving himself to eat is crazy. Yeah bro. Bit a steak and then handed it, held it like this Knix Saban bit that shit Knix Saban bit it off the fork nigga off his hand. That's like letting a nigga throw the shrimp in your mouth at a Bocci. That's crazy. Eating off another nigga fork is insane. Yeah, it wasn't no fork nigga bit that motherfucker had in his hand. He bit it. Yeah, I know a motherfucker who let a nigga who let a nigga toss the shrimp in his mouth at Benny Honda. Oh my God. That's crazy. Feeding a nigga. But you know what, only white people can do that though. Most definitely. Yeah that's some American pie.


But his face, what he do it though? That's some Stiffler shit like Yeah you calling Pat McAfee Stiffler what? Basically he is though bro. McAfee is Stiffler bro. He is Stiffler bro. For sure bro. The wildest motherfucker bro. He is the wildest white boy in sports media right now. He told yeah facts. He told, he told the kicker today. I hope you, you probably gonna do something really good with your life but you fucking suck at Kicker And you gotta respect it because he a cold kicker though bro. Rolling. He like you lost 150,000, you might do something good with your life but you fucking suck at kicking and walked away bro. I said this nigga is crazy. They let him do whatever bro. He's tough line bro.


I bro, when he said to Kayla Clark is so crazy bro and kept going about that broadcast bro. He is a legend bro. Nah, he unbelievable bro. He is crazy for that. Good. Well soon Kailin, listen man, a lot of people been going on crazy podcasts we got, you know what I'm saying? Donald Trump went on Joe Rogan podcast. It did absurd about our numbers. We see Kamala Harris is supposed to go on Shannon show but the favorite part about Twitter to me is that they quote tweeted and said that she should do Club five 20 and then decided to say everything that me and might say to her, which we would hope he would never say. What were those things? Well I don't know because I mean y'all showed me a couple but bro I love that y'all fuck with me but the first thing I'm gonna ask her is what you gonna ask me?


You married, you married a bunny. Why are you still walking around with Harris? Take, take that man last name. Oh he married. She married? Yeah she married to a bunny. Like why wouldn't you take his last name? Why your name is not Harris no more. Take o. That might be his, his last name. Listen. No that's not his last name. What's his last name? Mh Hof. M Hof? Yeah, Kamala m Hof. Yeah that ain't swag. That would be her name. If I'm about to be the president of the United States nigga you're taking my last name. He's a Harris now. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. When you, when you get married take that man last name. This is a part of the script. I know Kamala. Really my cousin.


It makes sense. Oh my god. Daddy Brown, my cousin, your daddy a cop. Your daddy a cop. Your daddy a cop. A cop. Hey listen she was locking niggas up. That's for real. The the nigga that told on darkest cousin Charleston White, OTF Mike, the Jaguar. Right. I'm back out to this one Woody. All them niggas gunna shout out to Ver for LYA. He posted that and then this dude underneath his name is ve. He said we need her on podcast. This bitch don't even seem Indian quote text be hen. Nah, facts bro. That's why you capping bro. This is my thing. Love who you love. You know we stand on that here.


But why don't you have, what'd you say the name was Mike Mh h You no longer Harris. So we don't give a fuck about them collard greens in that bathtub. That was another bullshit. Little she collar green. Green. This was the, this was the next suite underneath it, you know United Hell for watching them greens in the bathtub. I'm my life bro. I'm reallyt in politic in hit. Kennedy were never like so politic in. So when she washing greases in the bathtub like Yeah and you didn't even do it right First of all like I don't listen, I stay out of that for real. I tap in behind the scenes. But for you not to take your husband last name, you are a fraud to me bro. What's the other shit? X?


No, they basically said I was, I will fuck up the interview to sum it up. No this all the questions. Is that really your ass on those party flyers? Oh god. Hey and she used to talk to the nigga Monte. Y'all about to say that was the only question I had and it was with another girl. What kind of, what kind of vibe y'all on? That's the next tweet Kam like you out of pocket for this picture with Mr. How you do it? That ain't even the same nigga Y outta pocket. I Jordan, I know he was good. I know she's with Monte man. You dated Monte with the Baldy nigga. Nah and another girl. Yeah, both of y'all. Damn. Somebody was out of pocket. They said B here said some shit like why Joe Biden look like Teague in Milwaukee. See that's why y'all get out of pocket man. I was like see the fuck.


Alright, that yeah. Yeah you got Yeah. Nah, I mean both of you. You both for you know what I mean. Take a stand, get a button for it. But I'm nothing on for button. Get a button for it. You know niggas love posting that little button. It I voted. Bitch you lying. Shout out to the people who don't vote when post that. It's a lot of y'all don't know folks who keep them in the car. Wait a minute, Shit we got a box buttons down. So then come Beyonce you said more time not voting energy to takes to go vote Beyonce perform or so her some shit or talk or did something.


But Kamala. Yeah man. I hope not. Didn't she do something? Probably. You probably right bro. I'm just asleep. I believe so. I don't know to what said or Kelly. I think they said Kelly roller dressed like she was getting ready for the 1997 draft. Damn. I love Kelly Row bro. Rolling code. I wonder cot demonstration. I ain't gonna lie. She, she aged gracefully for sure. Ah, most definitely. Did we get a a, was it a fundraiser or what was it? Because I saw it but I know exactly what it was and I don't like to speak. It Was a campaign event. Okay. You were say I don't like to speak the context. Politics and And support. And support. I leave that shit alone. Shout out to her man. It is funny seeing her do all the urban podcasts and stuff. Most definitely shit.


Shit corner up. But she put all my niggas in jail. So What if I told y'all we got an email about a month ago and they asked like if we would and I was like, no, Why you a Liar? I swear I show you. You A are you serious? Hold on. Gas turn like a motherfucker Freaky. Mike is the, the college, I mean the high school coach that hydro letters. Oh God, Freak Mike. I could been at Duke. I'm Tennessee State. Mike to the HBCUs. God damnit. Hell you got the, you must got the money.


Huh? Oh you took the money. So I gotta go here Now that bitch. I know if our Why why wants to do damn Mike the real Chew. That would've been bad. Y Why? That've been bad. What? Bro, that was a Possibility. So yeah, I don't think She would've really did the show. It was just like they was sending out all the fillers. Okay, are y'all interested in doing it? And I was just Like, oh, that we would've had a blast. Oh my god. I would've told her everything. You would've went up. Would've Told her everything. I would've told her. What I'm asking about Monte? Yeah, you gotta talk about it. Like what you, it's already advertised was you turned up. Do you really know the black? Yeah. I don't want, y'all think I'm lying. Were you the first sexy red asking Kamala Harris the you the first sexy Red.


This is absolutely hilarious. Hello Cl Op 20 as Receiver Fox. Who said that? Oh no. Who said that? This is The Volume sales team bro. 10 0 1 to 1105. Damn man we coulda had a president on the show. That's fucked up Mike. That's, I would've wore a suit and everything. That one probably would've did a m Hey, If they already Think we sell out, we doing the morning show Some black you want call me what you want? Call me from front. So nigga I would've, nah, she don't deserve no black Air Forces. Yes she do. I would've gave her some that fog up.


Hell see through forces. Yeah. I don't, I I I said no we, we gonna steer away because we said we was gonna stay away from religion and politics. Yeah, we need to though. Shout to this episode. We already, no, No, no politics. We gonna stay away from religion. I'm tapped in Kreft Lowe, Kurt Franklin, you can come sit right here on this pod for sure. Yeah, he sent me a video the other day. Kurt Franklin going up. Yeah. Kurt Franklin. What I text you Kurt Franklin the demon. But this nigga that's, this nigga's something about Kurt Franklin probably watched tapped in the porn hub afterwards. That motherfucker. Oh shit, boy that nigga right handed too. That motherfucker strong.


That nigga boy, that nigga Kirk Frank probably got a jab on him. On me, on me. That nigga boy Kurt Franklin, man, the French trap artist Kurt Franklin. I would, I would talk about that though because we know somebody and he's a Pike alum. Nah bro. No bro. Nope. Don't do that. He had a Franklin moment. Nah, nope. No he didn't. Nope got so hell no we ain't doing that. My partner, I ain't doing that. Nah bro. Nah, nope, nope.


I ain't doing that rain. Hey, you know niggas trying to get they life to God boy. They tell everything. Some of you niggas need to shut the fuck up. Rain down. I'm addicted to porn. I'm listen to Kanye. I listen to Kanye album bro. I listen to Kurt Afb. That's a far match up. That's, that's the Kanye joint to get up in front of you. Been wacky and shit. Kurt per imagine me bro. Nah bro. Stop legend bro is crazy.


All my people say nah, Hosanna is everybody. He got so much. That's crazy. A little Jason. But yeah, we'll stay away from presidential candidates. Stop for sure. Everything. We were supposed to stay away from T James. You could definitely come on. No, he came bro. He he, he came, he come on here. He had to step down didn't he? He had to but I want to talk about you on the back of that bike. Fuck you doing? How you on the back of that boy? Al Sharpton. Oh definitely Creflo. Oh definitely Creflo. I mean, no, no, no. td I'm sorry. td. No Al sharpen of that picture bro. Al you know what Al Sharpness snitch Al Sharpton was on that Ozempic. I didn't know he was the first one. He type The pose.


That's so nasty. Bat shot. Sophie is sick. So he the first one to O Yeah, the original OI found that out last week. I forgot to tell you about that shit was on the O. Okay. You two tapped the streets broke. For real. I thought he was on that. Can you know all my fat niggas, we got a, we got a group chat so we he the locked lost weight shit Y'all. It's like of my fat niggas, we all Go for you.


What Jennifer Hudson do. Hey Man. No don't him Star Hudson. She has a great shot. She going crazy right now. I Told y'all Whitney did it the right way. Motherfucker want to get them pounds off bro. Hit that cane bro. The last show you said the cane give you life. KA and give it the tape. I'm telling you you can't mix that cane. You gotta get that pure cane. That cocaine music crack is cheap boy y niggas. Y'all crazy. Be here and tell people they can grab some merch. You know what, I'm three Up not I will not. It's here. It's here. It is in the building. You can't deny. Now it's live this week baby. It's on. We got orders on the way shipping Out.


It came like that. Amazon box ain't nothing in there. Com Get your merch man. Merch might be here next week. Might not Com com baby. Make sure to tap at five 20 in the morning. Five 20 In the morning sleeve. Tap In. Yeah, tap at five 20 in the morning. Let me clarify something for y'all man. Talk shit. It's a morning sports show and we're gonna have a fucking desk. Okay? Leave us the fuck alone about the desk. We're going to give you the best content we can here too. It's two shows. All right. God damnit. This a reaction show y'all. Yeah, we just watching the game the night before and we gonna react in the morning man. Come on. Good bro. Quit being stupid. Tap in. Nah, y'all scared of people though. I ain't gonna lie.


'cause we just gave it to 'em. Pause without like no notification. No, we just laid it on them bro. Usually how I do it, it was a whip it out. It was a little spooked. They really thought this was over with and it's all Mike's fault. 'cause he said fuck it. Just do it. Lay it out there y'all. Yeah. He was like, damn, That's a good way to end. Enough To know it's two shows. And I said, well we got a different community. Some of them. Yeah. I don't know which community They part of, but shout out to you and Your community. I remember that little bus used to pick niggas up. Yeah, a couple niggas used to hop on that motherfucker. I was about to say something. But we done. See y'all Next time.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these Buds to have so light on like a dream. For more, check out B com, com


Get in zone. AutoZone, Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? Getting ready for more rain and longer nights. We've got you right now. You can earn up to $25 in bonus rewards when you buy two Sylvania Silver Star Ultra bulbs and two Rain X Quantum elite wiper blades. More rewards and better visibility at America's number one lighting destination Auto zone. Get it zone Auto Zone Offer valid for AutoZone. Rewards members restrictions apply.


Our Kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving To Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just This overall sense of community, the values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting and loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live


Every day when you log into chumba casino.com, the ultimate online social casino, you get a free daily bonus. Imagine if you got daily bonuses in other parts of your life. I chose french fries Over loaded french fries. I asked Stewart from accounting about his weekend. Even though I don't care. I updated my operating system without having to call tech support. Collect your free daily bonus@jumbocasino.com Now Juba And live the Jumbo Life BTW group. No purchase necessary prohibited by lots in terms and conditions. 18 plus,


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business. None of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine, Ooo, Ooo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com.