
You're listening to an iHeart podcast. Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's and purse sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com.


And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places. Hello. Welcome to another episode of Club Shehe on the road. The guy that's stopping by where we're following him around in the day and the life of. He's a hustler's hustler, a man of the people and a unifying force in Atlanta. He's celebrated for his unique style and entrepreneur endeavors. He's transcended music into fashion and philanthropy.


He's a versatile entertainer, a multi-platinum artist, a Grammy award-winning hit maker, a chalk top and songwriter pop culture influencer, hip hop superstar, a creator of Anthem and trends, a rapper, turn entrepreneur, talented actor host, HBC alum athlete. He's park owner of the Atlanta Hawks, NBAG League team, a prominent figure in the community, an A TL icon. A proud father, a husband. And here he is, ladies and gentlemen. Two tank All my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of dice. The why all my life I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life.


Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of D, the, On this little rundown, Who did you meet first in the industry? Was it Luda or was it Lil Wayne? I met Luda first. Luda used to work on the radio down here. Right. And You know, we had a mutual friend together. And so I met Luda through that way. Right. And then eventually signing to him and then with Lil Wayne some weed story. But it's, I had like, gave baby some weed and then like he hadn't paid me for it.


So I had went to New Orleans To collect on the weed. Yeah. Because it was only like $900 or whatever. But the fact it was the time I ain't, You know, you ain't had No rent Like that, didn't have it like that. So you don't know I'm going down there for this, but I'm following him down here like unc, I need this, You know, whatever. And then I end up meeting Wayne that way. And we built a great relationship right off, kind of like smoking. And Wayne didn't even know I rap for a while, You know? Did Luda know you rap? Yeah, he knew I ra. Okay. Yeah. He knew I was trying to rap. Trying To rap. Yeah. Yeah. Wayne had no clue. He thought maybe I just sold weed. So started telling, I did that on the pa on the side, but rap, rapping is what I really tried to do And this is what I want to do, You know? Right. And then honestly, being around Wayne shaped me to be, You know, the artist I am now.


Wayne had a Maybach with a driver, he had a chef. So I was able to get around him and pick up on certain instincts and certain things that I felt like helped make him successful. And it was convenience. It was like having all these things around at you. Right. Well, you didn't have to do a lot, You know what I'm saying? You just need to Focus now. You can just focus on one particular thing. And so being the best at what I want To do. Yeah. So it is not a secret. I got that directly from Wayne. The work ethic of him, just, You know, studio every day, every night. I got that from him. You mentioned that being around Lil Wayne, you saw he had a May Maybach, you saw he had a private chef. You saw he had a certain thing, a level of convenience. What did you learn from Ludo? Because Luda had had blown up at that time and now he's a household name. What did you learn, if anything, from that situation?


Ludo is very business savvy, so I can say I picked up a lot of the business savviness from him and his team. If it was a product somewhere, it was product placement he was getting paid for. He wasn't just holding a product. Right. You know what I'm saying? He just wasn't rapping about something that he not getting paid. Correct. You know what I mean? So he was somebody that I guess I could say, You know, kind of taught me how to monetize, You know, things through music. Right. You know, product or whatever it Could be. Is it hard to really blow up when you signed to someone else's label? No. I mean, we saw Drake and Nicky was signed to Lil Wayne. Correct. It just, I think it just Kanye was under Yeah. Ho. So I think, I think it just depends, You know, sometimes it, it, it looks good.


The numbers, the more You know the, the strength of numbers, things kind of look, it looks good if everybody's doing well, but You know, sometimes it's only room for this one thing to go through or this or two things. And, and if you're not a part of that, you seem to get put on the back burn and, and feel some type of way. So just to cut the emotion out, let me just be responsible for my own career. Right. Lil Wayne, Jermaine Dupre tried to sign you. What made you, what, what, why did you decide to say, You know what, I'm gonna do this on my own? Jermaine actually called me one time. He had Hove on Three-Way and he tells the story different.


He said that I said it was a young man's game or I, I, I don't even talk like that. But what I, what I said at the time was my manager, who was my manager, now he was a dj. Okay. But like many other people, like a DJ Khaled, he's bigger than a dj, You know? Right. You know, most dj, DJ Drum, a lot of DJs, Mustard and all those, They should just drop the DJ after their name. People actually think their name is DJ or something like that. So when I'm telling them on the phone, they're trying to invite me somewhere, like to meet up with me, which I was like still flattered like me and ho he would, we would talk about it to this day, bro. You know what I'm saying? Right. I don't know what would've happened either way, if I'd have went or, or You know what I'm saying?


I know what happened by me not going, but I don't know what would've happened if I've went. Right. Yeah. So I said, You know, I I, You know, if you don't mind, I want to, You know, bring one of my partners with me who kind of been helping me, You know, beat the concrete and get to where I'm even on y'all radar. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like, is, You know what I mean? 'cause I'm recognizing that when they come, what happened with this tech and, and Charlie, my, my management at the time, they came to me and they, they offered their assistance on, the first thing they told me was, we Think you a superstar. And I thought the same thing. So we already, You were okay. We, we inance Damn. Okay. We in agreeance. Well, Okay, cool. Okay, cool. And then they told me like what they had did for another group.


Like, we did this, we made this kind of money for these type of folks. You know what I'm saying? I'm like, oh man. I'm like, man, you can do that with that type of stuff. I'm see what you can do with mine. You know, and You know, that might have been 2010 or something. Right. Okay. I get the call around maybe, I don't know, 2011 from, from jd. And I just was saying, do you mind if I bring, You know, my partner went, no, you don't, you don't need nobody with you. Oh, I don't wanna bring my partner. You know who, and I, I, I'm thinking take my, I'm not, I'm thinking JD might know. So I'm like, You know, DJ technique, they go, oh man, boy, you don't need to bring your DJ with you. You ain't got no, You know, it's kind of like a, a little joke a little bit, but you ain't got no show or nothing.


I'm like, nah, You know, like, homie be helping me. And You know, it was a situation where I don't even know if it was calling my bluff or whatever, but, and I think they was sending me a jet. I didn't get on the jet because they wouldn't let me bring, You know what I'm saying? My, my who was helping me Because Chris Brown told the same story that he, somebody wanted to sign him and he, and he was like 14, 15. He said, okay, cool. I just, yeah. Hey, hey, just tell my mama what you telling me? Like, nah, I don't need to talk to your mom. Yeah. And he said, I didn't sign with him because like, bro, you talking to a kid. Yeah. And if everything's on the up and up, you can't tell my mom. Yeah. So if everything is cool, you mean to tell him I can't bring my partner, somebody that I trust that I've been around. Yeah. And, and I, You know, looking back, they, they don't know that he was probably that to me, You know what I'm saying?


And, and probably looking like, boy, You know, this a blessing and an opportunity, You know what I'm saying? And I got this book coming out, Shannon be out like another year. It's getting edited right now. Right. The name of the book is The Voice Inside Your Head is God. Right. Bro. And I talk about this in the book JD and J Now I don't talk about them, but I just talk about this instance, me listening to the voice and wondering if it led me in the right direction. Obviously I'm right here now, but what happened if my, if I say I just go on my own and, You know, I don't know what would've happened.


But this is one instant where I listened to my voice and they said I couldn't bring, bring my dog. And I didn't, I didn't go. But I always wonder what would've happened, You know, listening to this voice has got me to this point now. Yes. Yes. So I don't even know why I'm questioning it, but I do wonder sometime Had they said you could bring him, would you have gotten on that flight? Absolutely. I, I didn't say I, I wanted to get on the flight. I definitely wanted to get on the flight, but I almost wanted to be loyal to a, to a partner That's been There from the Yeah. Yeah. Kinda like that. That's all it was. Yeah. How did you get Wayne to hop on the song with you though? Man, man, Wayne, he was just cool, man. Man, me and him were friends. Like I said, we were friends first it was a music base and then I remember being, if it wasn't a Maybach, it was a Phantom.


And I told him I rapped right. And played, You know, some, some of, some of the music and we just bonded quickly. We've been, You know, he is my, one of my best men at my wedding. Wow. So, You know, anytime it's just, it would just been a anytime thing for him. I've been in the studio with him many times where he ain't, I haven't rapped one, one second because he likes to just do what he does in the studio. Then there's been many times that we get in and kind of Right. You know what I'm saying, sharpen each other up. So Is it true you paid him each 150,000 for him to hop on the, give you a feature For Duffel Bag Boys? Yeah. Well at this time Wayne was charging, well baby was charging a hundred and he was charging Wayne a hundred. So How he charge it, he ain't on it. So, But he was over cash money.


So anybody, when Wayne was so hot, if anybody wanted Wayne, he would be like, I need a hundred too. And people would obviously do it. Absolutely. So Wayne does the song for me, for, for, so this is really what happened. Wayne used to wear, like, these skateboard shoes been skating a long time. They were called Supers. Yeah. And something like this. And I will wear stuff like Pradas and Gucci shoes and all this stuff. And so I go to Gucci and they got these red, red Gucci out. Yeah. I'm like, Hey shorty, what size shoe you wear? You know what I'm saying? Boom, You know, he, he represents red team and all that. So I get these red Gucci and I take 'em to him at the studio. He don't know I'm about to take it to him, but I also got like a beat cd.


Right. And I'm not doing this for the other thing. Right. But I just take it to him and he like, damn, You know what I'm saying? You know, You know New Orleans, if You know New Orleans people, they say bitch a lot, You know what I'm saying? Like, damn, bitch, this bitch bitch, bitch bitch, bitch, these harder than a bitch. These bitch these bitches hard, You know, whatever. So, You know, I end up saying, man, I hang out with him. I said, I got this. He already, he working. I give him this, it's a CD at the time. I give him a beat cd. Right. I give him the beat cd. Time goes by, Katrina happens, he moves to Miami. When he moves to Miami, he like, man, you ought to come, You know, come visit. You know what I'm saying? Come, You know, I mean, boom, I, I I I, I catch a flight to Miami and him and Cortez, who was his manager at the time, they picked me up.


We go from the airport to the mall because he is trying to, I guess, show his appreciation for me buying him them shoes. Correct. And so now he like, oh, what's our shoe you at? Let's get out. You know, let me get this for, You know, whatever. And we doing that. And then he out the blue, he says, what you thought about the hook I did for you? And I don't know what he talking about. And he's like, I, I sent you, he, he asked us, TES, did you email him the song? And he says, yeah, I did. And, and he said, email. I'm like, that's not my email. And they said, oh man, I don't know what I done sent this song to. So, so Wayne is literally in, in the mall. He's like, trying to remember, this is where we could go to the mall. It's crazy. He was trying to remember the huggy, like if I don't do nothing, but he couldn't remember.


So he, we literally right there, he was like, let's go to the studio. And we go to the studio, which was the hit factory in Miami. Right. It's Aone. He matches his play. This beat comes on and this hook comes on. And I remember, I remember at that particular time, knowing what a hit sounded like because it just sounded, yeah. So like, and I looked at him like of some damn, like a, like he had eight heads. I said, man, you did that for me. He like, yeah boy. I'm like, I run out called My Boy Dollar. I'm in Player Circle at the time. Yeah. Oh man, we got us, boy. Like, what? I said, man, oh on here.


You know, I'm like home on here singing and everything. Like, bro, I'm like, bro, this shit, You know, hard. I, I gotta get back to Atlanta, bro. I'ma make sure I come, You know, next couple days I get up there, You know. That was it. That was it, man. And it just really helped, You know. So you, You who got the beat, So nah, I got no, I'm saying who, Who did he email the beat to the, The hook? I don't know. They somebody still got it. Huh? Somebody still got it. But when Wayne did that, he didn't charge me. But so baby was so it was only gonna be just 100, not 200 baby was still one his hundred. Right. Baby, come to Atlanta, say nephew. I said, what we gonna need some rooms and we gonna need some. I hit baby. Oh man, unc, man, man, man, I ain't UNC tell me say, man, don't even worry about it, bro.


He said, don't even worry about it, man. And he could tell, like, I had, he like, don't even worry about it. And he already knew who I was dealing with Right. With, You know, Luda and all those guys. And he just told me, man, You know what I'm saying? Don't even worry about it. And we, I brought them to Gaby Road on Old National, which is very, very epic. It's like bringing, You know, it's like bringing a superstar to any hood. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And it was received very well. Had a lot of people come out. That's some here, some no longer with us from that era as well. And I, I haven't looked back. Wow. So we all made mistakes. Right. But on it up to them, it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans.


The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does. 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admit it, they effed up and I bring it back. The OG cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota, let's Go places. Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day.


Or see what life's like under the Tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic because we came to play Bring the Magic at Walt Disney World Resort. Kanye tried to sign you to his, his label Disney. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was a, like a indirect member of good music. For sure. I learned from that situation too. Yep. Try to learn from every situation I get in. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You mentioned that you was doing verses for free and Kanye said, man, hey, he charging a hundred bands now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly what he did.


And they, and they went up to a hundred right then and there. Yeah. I mean, I could have been charging the whole time, but it was like, man, I was just knocking that junk out, man at the time. And still now, when somebody would ask me to do a feature, it would be very important to give it back to 'em like the same day. So it was more about me just showing the, my level, the level of business and work ethic that I had. Right. You know what I'm saying? Right. Yeah. As far as I'm gonna get this done, I'm gonna get back to you, I'm gonna, You know, make sure I show up and show out. And I, and hopefully, You know, I got somebody to handle the type of business for me. But, You know, when you, You know, it wasn't that I was just first in the game, it was just that I was, You know, becoming successful Right.


At that time. And You know, when you get successful, a lot of people gonna call your phone or, You know, ask for certain things. So I think I just wanted to be like the dude that got on it wasn't acting funny. Right. You know what I'm saying? Right. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's what it was like, man, don't I, I ain't change. You know what I'm saying? That's, I kind of kind of just try to play by that right there. And then sometimes people try to take advantage of that. People take your your kindness All the time. They'll play with you until they know they can't play with you. Same color. Orange and the Stripe and El least Sailor Beach dos over Here. And Kanye put you on one of his songs when you was featured on one of his songs. Kanye still huge, but during that time it was probably was at the crescendo when, when you get the call, okay, Kanye Weeds, it's a big and they want you on it.


Do you do, I mean, do you like, okay, okay. Yeah. So what, what with Kanye, he reached out when I was like at, at my, we had a studio on Old National 55 40 that was really like a trout, but it was a, it was a studio in the back and every day a different artist was, was was calling me. And so it's funny, man, one of my homeboys, he, he's no longer here rest in peace, the, the troop. But he tro was like a hustler, You know what I'm saying? And he was trying to figure out a way I, me knowing truth, he was trying to figure out a way how he can get something out, this, this, this introduction, You know what I'm saying?


And, and what Ye had did was send out a few different messages on trying to get in contact with me. So it was coming from a couple of different directions and he finally got me on the phone. And our first time ever talking on the phone, we probably talked just probably more than an hour. And like, it was almost two hours. It was, it was weird that we Y'all talking like y'all known each other for years. Exactly. That's how, that's how we got it was the first conversation just didn't start with like, it didn't start with like, man, I like your stuff. I like your stuff. We gotta hook up. It just got to getting into other stuff and talk about other things. And we built a real cool rapport with that. I remember him being on tour with, with Jay at the time or about to go on.


But yeah. And then I got invited into a session in LA where this is, it was a hotel that, that basically, he, he rents out the whole floor and used it for a studio. So I'm there with, at the time, Tiana, Taylor and Shai and a few other artists that were affiliated with good music. And You know, I have a hotel, I have a room across the street from the room they're using for a studio. So I'm, I'm just, it is right across the hall. Right across the hall. Excuse me. And I go over there and I do a verse and I do the verse fairly quick, You know what I'm saying? And I hear the guy Che, my homie Che he on the phone with Yeah. And I guess he telling him, man, he, he knocked it out and he like, he did what, what you mean?


Knocked out? And I hear, I guess he's saying like he's, he's done done. And so I guess he telling him to pull up, pull up, pull up something else. So he pull up something else and I knock it out again. And I remember, I remember Saha at the time, he asked me like, but do you, you must had this verse wrote already in your head. And I'm really like, nah, I'm just really like motivated. I'm coming in here, I'm, You know, I wanna do something. I wanna prove myself. And so this happens about three or four times, well they tell me, pull up another song and I, You know, I knock it out fast forward, I go about my business, I get a call, they tell me a single going drop tomorrow with you, Kanye Push and Sean. Now keep in mind I've never heard the song before.


I've never heard it. When I did the song, it didn't sound like this. This person wasn't on a, so I don't even, so I'm like, man, can I hear the song? So I hear the song and it's, it is Mercy. Right. You know, and that's when I started realizing like the Magic Home possessed because the song sounded nothing like that when I did my verse to it. Right. You know, and what go on and Mercy becomes, You know, whatever it becomes. But yeah, that's, that's like the beginning introduction of You know, our relationship Is Mercer your best verse, what you think your best verse is, what you own, who you own. I actually think some of my best verses is on my latest project. Really? Which is cool to see because that's cool to know that I hadn't like peaked out, You know what I'm saying?


Or burnt out. I think the project that I just dropped with Alchemist and Larry had some of my best, some of my best verses on it. But I, I have some scattered around. My friend just sent me a text message with the verse I did on the school Boy Q Record. He said it was like seven, eight years ago, which is the homie. And I think the song I got with Game ala bu was the hard verse. You called it The Little Sterno Online. When you say you had the hardest verse on when Mercy. I did Though. No, I did, I did. Which camera one should I look at? I had the hardest verse on Mercy. I had the hardest verse on Mercy. I had the hardest verse. I'm not trying to be funny. I did though.


I did though. I did though I Beha called you and said you had the hardest one on. Yeah. Big Sean know that too though. Big Sean ain't nothing to play with. First of all. Yeah. Beha wasn't the ones, You know. Right. But You know, when it came to that right there, man, I just took pride in it, You know, and everybody from somewhere else, Sean from here push from here. Yeah. I'm from the South Atlanta, You know what I mean? So it was just like that kinda like, it Was, it was a nice mixture though. It worked out real well. Right. Seems like everybody been getting into it with Kanye. Big Sean said, man, that man owe me money. 'cause he, Jay he Kanye said that Jay making money off his catalog. Big Sean said, well you ain't, You know you got mine.


So what's the, you don't have those problems. Yeah. Neither do I speak on anybody else's. I like that. I like that How you get on the song with Ariana Grande Inspire. I inspire her to do something through that inspiration. She reciprocated it by doing a, a hook for me. So she had like, I, when I did the pretty girls like trap music thing where everything was pink. Right. And You know, just, I had the pink trap house in Atlanta, which inspired the trap museum the TI has. Right. So I had a museum that was pink but like tiptoed me. I didn't own mine. So he end up, so that was a lesson I kinda learned, but that was that inspiration.


But it just, some of the ideas that I put out into the world inspire other things. And so with Ariana Grande, it inspired her to do her stage basically just like my all pink car, all, You know what I mean? And so I knew somebody, or it was somebody that knew both of us. It was a mutual person that put us together because it was just different, You know, if you get caught up into that social media stuff. Yeah. You know, which I did. And we communicated, we figured out a way to make it work for both of us. And, and it did. Who is someone you haven't worked with that you'd like to work with? I, I used to want to work with Hove because I know he, You know, he does it when he wants to. Right. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. He ain't really in that, that ain He gotta be in that space.


He gotta be there. He gotta be there. And I understand and respect there. So I think I might have might've missed my, You know, opportunity. Yeah. I, You know, it might have just was a bad, he is just a, You know, you just respect him as what he's done and everything. Right. And then when I look at, You know, and think of all the people and just listen to all the people you named. There's not many people left that I hadn't done anything with. Brother Ola knew. I just shot a video. Ron Isley, I had Ron Ley, man, I'm a mom, auntie. It was, Oh bad photo shoot. I had Ron and Ernie on the block, Ernie playing the guitar on, on, on more than more than that in front of the corner store. So it's like, man, I'm just so, You know, blessed. But in that, in that, in that, in that vein, I guess the only person would be left would be him.


I've done something with like, I mean everyone else, right? Everyone else, man. All the, all my favorites, all the, You know, I mean I love Drake and Kendra, I love Scarface. I love, You know, Eminem is such a lyrical giant doing something with him. You know, all, all the, and then you just talk about people that just like, this is what they wanna do. Rap at a high level. And then you go to talking about like just people who got something to do with the culture. Like, You know, the Migos, rest in peace takeoff and just being a part of like, You know, just different generations of Atlanta. You know, Atlanta is someone that's been just doing their thing for so long. Andre 3000, that's Who you want. That's it.


Andre. 3003 Stacks. That's it. And he doesn't really rap anymore. Nah. He like, he done, He don't really rap anymore, but because I heard him on the interview, That's who I actually just super love, bro. I love, I heard on the interview, he said at his age, you're like, what do you rapping about? Yeah. Colonoscopy. Yeah. He'll make it sound cool though. Yeah. He'll make, he'll make a, he'll make, he'll make somebody that don't want to get no colon. Na he probably make somebody go get one because he just, man, he just a, a real cool Atlanta player man. I love, I love him and Big Boy actually, You Know, you won a Grammy with Chance to Rapper for no problems. What was that moment like? Man, it was one of the moments where I'm gonna explain this.


I'm, explain this in a way that you can understand. Okay. So I, I was very happy to get the Grammy very, very, very excited. So when I, my first platinum plaque I got was no lie. Right, right. And I was happy, but it had Drake on it. And then the second plaque I got was birthday song. And I was, I was happy because it was my song, but it had yay on it. My third platinum plaque was, I'm different. And it was nobody on it, it was just me. My hug, my verse DJ musta did the beat. And when that went platinum, I got chill bumps because I realized that a million people had bought my, my just my idea, You know.


And so with the Grammy, when I look in the mirror, I'm thinking for the Grammy. But I know like it, You know, even though like Chance didn't know Wayne, I put Wayne on the song. Like that was my guy. He didn't know him. I wouldn't did all that chance. Came to my studio, shot the video. I was really helpful for it and thankful for it. But it's Chance song, Right? It's chance. So You Wanna grab me on your own? Man you so smart as you so intelligent. It is crazy. Yeah. It's an interesting time for business. Tariffs and trade policies are dynamic supply Chainz squeezed and cash flow tighter than ever.


If your business can't adapt in real time, you are in a world of hurt. You need total visibility from global shipments to tariff impact to real time cash flow. That's NetSuite by Oracle, your AI powered business management suite trusted by over 41,000 businesses. NetSuite, if the number one cloud ERP for many reasons, it brings accounting, financial management, inventory, HR into one suite. You have one source of truth giving you visibility and control. You need to make quick decisions with real time forecasting. You are peering into the future with actionable data and with AI embedded throughout, you can automate a lot of those everyday tasks. Letting your team stay strategic.


NetSuite helps You know what's stuck and what's costing you and how to pivot fast. It's one system full control. Tame the chaos with NetSuite. If your revenues are at least seven figures, download the free ebook, navigating global trade. Three Insight for leaders at netsuite.com/shehe. That's netsuite.com/shehe. Y'all won that Grammy over Fat Joe's all the way up. Really? Yeah. I didn't know that. Yeah. Yeah. That was it. That was in that. Yeah. I probably was so surprised. 'cause that song there all the way though. Fat Joe don't play either, man. Yeah. Fat Jordan not play with them folk. But he put out, when he put out one, he he let you It is a hit.


Yeah. It's one of 'em, The story about Dre, like when you went and Dre and you was trying to rap and he's like, bro, I can't what, I can't understand your dialect bro. What's Yeah, I told, You know, Dre, Dre is a perfectionist and that's why I guess you wanna be around him, You know, but he is a, You know what it is? It's like Dre it's like rap is at a point now where you, it's like ai, but not ai. But it's quicker and faster. And sometimes if a, if the end of a word it's not enunciated, it is still taking, its like dope. 'cause it's a vibe. It's an energy ain't going for that.


He want to hear the t he want to hear the, he want to hear the dot on the i I said, man, I got a overbite, bro. I can't, some of this stuff just ain't going to come through. You know, ain't Okay. Yeah. And he, he, he, he, I think I'm finna just get a couple lines and he stopped me. No, no, no. Go back and and say that one again. But man, I really enjoyed being around Dre because of obviously who he is to the coach and who he is. Yeah. And man and the people around and just, he record every day. Whether he gonna put somebody, he work hard, You know, he in the studio going hard every day. I'm going there, he playing full songs that he, with a whole man, all type of instrumentation, a whole skit involved. I'm like, man, he like, I did this three songs today.


So it's, it is cool to know that he's still, You know, musically motivated. What's it like going to the studio with a Dre? Because like you said, I mean when it come to this hip hop, it ain't ain't many bigger than him. I mean, you, he go back to the N Ws and then he brought it forward. Well, Dre, we, we got cool, we got cool quick. He showed me around the house. I'm into interior design, so his house so far, You know what I'm saying? Home got fingerprint, I guess where I got my fingerprints, that What you got fingerprint for Man, I get something from Eric, You know what I mean? He got the fingerprint, but he got the real, like some, You know, yeah. You, you You Gotta cut it off and, and, and you ain't gonna be, he got, if he ain't there, you dead.


So, but he got all this stuff and You know, then he got a gym, kinda same bond, You know what I mean? And then, You know, I, I, I smoke, You know, often. And so his place had never been his studio. He was even saying like, at the time, I don't even know Snoop had even been over there, but no one had smoked over there. But he said, You know what, change, I'm gonna let you smoke man and smoke. We just, I appreciate It. I sure appreciate it because I, when I did work with Eminem, I couldn't smoke in there. They put my, when it was time to work with Eminem, it was actually kind of, kind of funny. When it was time to work with Eminem, they put, and this is his people, it's not Eminem. M Eminem is somewhere writing.


He is not even standards, but his people are just so concerned with 'em. They put the speakers outside so I can listen to the beat. So I'm outside. It's a beautiful day in Malibu. I'm just smoking the speakers outside. So then I come back in to do my, my, my verse and the door is closed and I'm, and I'm, and I'm in the booth smoking. And I see MI actually see him out out there. So I'm like, man, he in here wind recording this hard. And so he's about to like come in and say something and like, I, some of his people like, You know, no, You know, don't go in there. He's smoking and m looks like, man, what the man sit the fuck down. Like y'all like what? They, I guess he was thinking like, what you think I'm about to do? Like, Well, You know, I guess he thinking like, what you, I don't even know if that that lets You know the time though.


That's a DVD player. Yeah, that's a DVD player put the DVD and I watching movie. But I remember them kind like tripping on, on on him being around and he was not tripping at all. But other than that, that's, that's basically like all I need for a studio, a couple joints, You know what I'm saying? I'm self-motivated. I don't need, You don't need much. I don't need much. I'm not gonna say he was instrumental with Drake. What did I mean? 'cause Drake has helped a lot of people and we know what Drake you represent and you cool with Drake. So how was that, how was that, how did that relationship start? And and then you working with him Through Wayne, You know, he is with Cash money. So when I had, when we had the song Duffle Bag Boys Wayne was on tour.


It was called the I Am Music tour. And when he went on tour the first night he went on tour, he did, he rapped my verse to duffle bad Boys on stage. Like somebody had like told me in Florida. So I'm calling him like bro. And he was like, man, you need to come out here because I can't just stop after the hook. People know your verse type stuff. You know what I'm saying? So that was like a indirect invitation to, and when I went on tour with him, I met Drake and a few other people. Right. You know what I'm saying? And Nikki and all of those people. So that was maybe like oh 8, 0 9, met him and You know, we all did a tour together.


So that's how those stuff kind right. You but you, the the, the song I don't You like and I heard you talk about it, you like that ain't got nothing to do with me. The man put my name in the song. I thought it was cool, but I ain't got nothing with that dis and stuff. Because I guess Drake means a lot to the culture. I mean, has worked with him, you've worked with him. I'm trying to think who else has worked with Drake that I know of off the top of my head. But it's been about five of the Atlanta rappers. I mean Drake is, is is huge with the Atlanta culture. You guys love him. Yeah. I mean, it it is, it is not, it is not even that. It is just like, when people ask me how I felt about my name, it's like, Yeah, I did you What, what, what do you want me to, it is, I don't even have an answer.


I don't have zero feeling about it. I have zero emotion on that. Right. I have zero because this is what happens, right? This is, this is, this is exactly what happened. So we all made mistakes, right? But on it up to them, it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and did not go over well. But the fans, the grease whole thing, it turns up sweat and other protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool Chris and Fresh it's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4.


There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com.


Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota, let's go places. Have you ever brought your magic to walk Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic. 'cause we came to play bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort. If he say your name, you, you, you, you, you feel a certain way.


If he don't say your name, you gonna feel a certain way. Right, right, right. You know how many people from Atlanta, he coulda said, okay. And, and, and this vice versa. So why I'm gonna get into a, a, a thing of man I'm glad or I, man I wish he wouldn't of like it really, it really, I really have 0, 0, 0 emotion about my name Right. Being said, if you really want to know, people have probably said two Chainz in their rap. I don't know, I guess it just rhymes with a couple of different things, You know, a few, a few times. I hear it a lot. You know what I mean? So it don't, it don't bother me, man. I ain't getting caught up In it. How about this? Where are you on ghost riding? I've never had a, had a ghost writer before. Are you out on it?


You just never have it or you don't feel that? Okay. If you are, because I hear a lot of people say, if you a true mc ll say he a true mc. This one says they're true MCs. True MCs write their own verses. Yeah. So I've thought about this a couple times because when I think about Michael Jackson and Beyonce who've all had writers Right. And hits, hits off these writers. Yes. And then here I am writing my stuff every night. Who's doing it the right way? I don't know. I don't have an answer for that. Right. So I can't, as bad as I wanna be like, man, my confidence lies with me knowing that no one helped me articulate this idea or get this metaphor out.


Like I came up with these words, but at the same time, my pride hadn't let me accept the song from somebody. And re I won't even do, if somebody has a hook and they say, I I would like for you to re if I didn't come up with a hook, I don't even say it. Wow. Yeah. Somebody say, man, I want you to say down, down. I like, I ain't say I'm sorry brother. Like, I'm sorry that ain't me. You know, It's gotta be you. Yeah. Because somebody up there, like they'll think they'll hear me saying something like this, but I, I'm just, I'm gonna do it. So yeah. Everything has very much been me. But like I say, I don't know if that's the right or the wrong way because I mean, I'm here. That's Just not your way. Yeah. But this, this is just how I've been operate, You know what I'm saying? But when I really sit back and think so many people has had writers help them get over Yeah.


Some other place, You know, and, but I can honestly look in the mirror and that's one of the things I can look at the mirror and kind of be a priest above too. Like, man every everything that y'all heard in the universe has been from, from from me. Internally. Would you ghost write for an artist? I would. Yeah. I have before of Course. Oh, have you? Yeah. Sampling. I love sampling. I do. I love, I love, I love, but, but I love the create, I love the creative part of taking, I love piece of something and modernizing it, upgrading it. Like I love, I love samples especially like feel good sample sofa, sample stuff like, I don't know, you might have heard as a kid or whatever and they've been able to chop that up and then add something to it.


I like samples. Original originality is dope too. If you can make a beat from scratch, I rock with that. But I like samples. If somebody were to sample one of yours, do they, do they, do they need to play you the song or you like, hey, they call you up, say change, I wanna sample this. And you're like, okay, it's gonna cost you X, Y, and Z. Or do you need to hear the song before you like Yeah, I'm always hit the song. I'm always hit the song. You don't want nobody to put no boo boo on your track. But even if they put boo boo, I don't wanna, I wanna hit a song. I don't wanna be affiliated with nothing. You know, crazy you Right. But if the song is boo boo, I still make clear because I know what it's like for my song not to be clear. I know what that feeling like. So I figure out a way for it to make, make sense for me.


As long as it's not a huge interpolation of what I did, if it was something small, whatever. I ain't really tripping on that because it's just a way to, You know, kind of, You know, kind of keep, keep my algorithm going. Right. Tyler creator recently showed you some love do, are people slipping on your pin Chainz? Yeah. But that's cool though. I mean, Tyler is dope too. Yeah. Just took to my daughters to see his concert and he gave me a shout out while he was on stage. So that was, that was cool. You know, today is, it is all, it is dope for people who have that kinda impact Right.


To, You know, throw some shine on something as opposed to shade. Right. And so when he did that, I looked at as he was, You know, throwing some shine on something. Good morning bitch. Welcome Home Shea. Yeah man, Welcome Home. I switched whips in the AM pick up the bagel with the cream cheese. When I played, I didn't get an opportunity to really enjoy it because I was so caught up in the journey. I wasn't really concerned with the destination. And then once I arrived at the destination, which was when I can completed my career, now I get back like, man, I did that.


I had a great blah, blah, blah. Do you have an opportunity? Do you sit back and just think about what you have accomplished in your young career? No, I think that's one of the, the, that's something that I think I started feeling a little late in my career. I didn't become really successful till I was in my thirties. And then I think by taking me so long to become successful, I didn't want to celebr break too much. I didn't want to go on vacation. I didn't want to, You know, take the time to like reflect, look back or even judge where I was currently.


And so now as I started to get older and understand, You know, how life works and how the universe works, I, I really wish I would've spent more time in that, in those places. Like, and not just like figuratively speaking, I'm talking about internalizing what I was doing at the time, You know? But I'm still here and confident that I can make some more waves and experiences along my journey. We are here. And Candyland for your 46th birthday, you brought yourself a strip club of all the birthday presents you could have gifted yourself. Why? Why an adult entertainment? I mean why not?


You know, this was a once in a lifetime opportunity. Okay. How this whole thing came about it, it was just God involved. Okay. Do You know what I'm saying? Anybody from Atlanta would be interested in having something to do with a strip club club because it's a major fixture in the city. Correct. But you're not able to open up any strip clubs unless you have a dance and permit, which they stop even is for do. Yeah. Yeah. Issuing them in 93. Wow. So you would have to actually buy one from someone who has one or get grandfathered in. Right. And so I was able, my partner was already in the midst and in a situation to where he was starting that process and God just put me in the picture at the right time, at the right place, at the right time, like me and you discussed.


And so that's what happened. I end up being at the right place at the right time. I didn't put all my eggs in the basket. I put a lot of 'em in the basket Right. For this one. And I just feel like it's one of those things, it's just gonna be around, You know, we have food, it's entertainment and You know, until the dancers that that you are entertainers. You know what I'm saying? Right. So you have a fan base as well, huh? Right. You know, it's always cool to try to, You know what I'm saying, spread some game. Yeah. There we go. Show people the food. Yeah. You, you man. So greedy. Look at this smell. Like this seem like, like hot sauce. Like hot. These seem like lemon pepper.


These seem like barbecue. I don't know what else. Yeah. Look like little look like the mesquite type of stuff. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But I'm, yeah. Oh we got fries over here, You Know, we love them. Sure. Fries, show y'all the fries. You don't see this. And since Shaa is doing such a great job of promoting my product, let's not forget my brother got his own yak. He just won an award. He told me about gold. Got a gold medal or something. So, You know, I don't even, let me tell you something. Don't even worry about what I don't do. I'm finna go ahead with it. Okay. I'm gonna go ahead with it and I don't, I'm gonna go ahead with it. Lemme try it.


What'd you do? Hold up. You don't drink it. You swirl around. We Swirl Around then what we call it nosing It nosing it. Yes. Now I Done, I've done that with red wine before. Well, does this let it breathe more or something? Yeah. This stuff in barrels. Yes. Okay. In order for it to be a cognac, it has to originate in the region for at least two years. So it has to grow up in the cognac region. It is a grape, this is a uni blanc mixture with a petite champagne. Each region in cognac has a particular type of grape and according to how you want your co cognac to taste you, that kind of grape. And so this is a uni blanc grape. A very prob probably, I think maybe 70% of the grapes that's in that region is uni blanc grape with a petit champagne.


This is A-B-S-O-P. Very special old pale. BSOP has to be aged between four and six years. Wow. And then as you go on up and You know, so forth and so on. So we think we've done a great job. La Portier is my grandmother's porter in French Shea, my name. And so Shea by La Portier. So how long have you had this cognac? We came out, we tried to come out in, in 2000. Then the pandemic happened. And it's funny is that this bottle wasn't the original bottle. We had a bottle using a company out of Italy and they go bankrupt during the pa, during the pandemic. So we had to scratch that now.


We weren't able to come out in 2020. So now we had to push it back to 2021. So now they're sending me products all through the mail. I'm sampling, I'm tasting, I'm like, okay, I like this. And my partners and I like, what are we going for? Or we want something to taste good, people are gonna buy. It's like, yeah, that's, that's the end goal. But we wanna produce an award-winning cognac. Mm. And now we won 14 awards. We've won the SIP award, which is the highest award you can win because it's a blind taste test. And again, we won another taste test today, the only cognac that won. So without even starting the process, your partner in this knew that the end goal was awards?


Yes. I guess he say everything else will fall. Everything else. Everything else, Yeah. If you can get award every, yeah. Yes. And it's A-V-S-O-P that drinks like an xo, xo, it's extra old XXO. It's extra, extra old. And then you start getting into the specialty cognacs and stuff. That's barrel 25, You know, 50 years. As a matter of fact, we went over there this past June, June of 24, and a guy had cognac. That was an inner barrel that was pre-Civil war. How he let us taste it. Yeah. How they keep, I mean, 'cause everything is, it has to go through the process. It has to be. 'cause our cognac is very unique. We don't add color, we don't add sugar. It's the bri this is how it looks, this how it comes outta the barrel.


This is how it comes outta barrel. We're a small batch. We can control it. You see your mom cooking for 10 people is gonna taste different than she's cooking for a thousand people. So when you, you, you try to cook something. So now we can control the taste. That's why you get the consistency. Yeah. And that's when you become great at something. When you're consistent at it. Yeah. So Here we go. Congratulations on everything. You thank you. You've been very consistent. Thank you brother. Appreciate you. Thank you. Ooh, That's a good cognac there. I promise you. Nobody gonna beat us on the market.


We don't talk about anybody else. We just tell you what we do and what we do. We do very well. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, You know, We gotta get it in candy. We gotta get it in your established. Yeah, we easy. See, that's easy when you, when you own something, it is like, it is easy. I can really make that happen right now. If you had a case, something. Oh, We get to that. So this is cognac. This is cognac. Yeah. See I don't, it has to originate because see you look, wines can start anywhere. You can have wines from California, you can have in Oregon, they can be all over the place. But they're calling it a cognac. It has to originate the first two years in that region. In cognac. In Cognac it has to brew, go through the copper pot.


It has to be stored in the wooden barrels. Yes. The VSOP. In order for you to call it A-V-S-O-P, It gotta be four, six years. Four, Six years of age And just sitting up in a barrel, Sitting there marinating. Does that make it stronger? Well it's, it's the process in which it goes through. 'cause You know, you have the grapes, you have a certain amount and it's a, it's a blend because as you, like, we got another one coming out that's a, that's a premium, that's a step above this. And as it, as you start to blend, it gets more and more expensive because you're blending older and older cognacs to try to get the, the blend that you particularly want. So you might be blending something that was, You know, say 10 years old with something that's 15 years old.


That's something that's 20 years old and you're trying to do X amount. But like, because we're a small batch, we do really, really well. We've done really well. People have been very receptive when they taste it, they know there's a lot of love, there's a lot of care, there's a lot of support that's going in There. You can hear that when you describe it. Honestly, I'm not obviously a big Kanye drink. But it was smooth. It was smooth. And You know, the trend is, is whatever it is right now is, is more shot based. So I wasn't sure if I was supposed to sip it or take a shot of it. Just a little sip up. Yeah. Now if I was to add a, A drop of water, it'll open up the body. You're supposed to actually drop, add, drop a a drop of water.


Not a ice cube. Because the ice cube, you can't control the melt because if the ice cube melt is more than what you intended to get in there. So with a a drop, you get to control it. How much water actually goes in and it opens up the body. What about a juice would do? Would you? Oh yeah. Well you do it. Do it. Here's the thing, Would you drink juice with your cognac? No, I now and over there they drink ginger ale. They mix it with ginger ale. That was the big thing over there that I didn't know. Cognac and ginger. A yes. But it makes a great sidecar. We have drinks like determination, discipline, determin dedication or things that are factor that are that, that are really important to me. And how I kind of got to where I got, we have drinks.


We have a mixologist in-house mixologist. And his job is to come up with drink with specialty drinks. Not just the cognac. Now you can drink it by itself. Yeah. Because a lot of times people, they do mixed drink. They try to hide it. 'cause you ain't, your your your your thing ain't that good. Oh, okay. We Really good. We stand behind it. Yeah. We prefer, we would prefer Yeah. You like a chef. Don't add no seasoning to my dish. That's Right. When I send that steak out there, I don't send Ketchup or whis. Yeah, They don't like that because I already know what it is. Yeah, They don't like that. No real chef. We know. We know what this is. So we, we stand behind that. So lemme ask you. That's what I wanna know. You go home, you like, oh man, my 46th birthday, man, I think I'm gonna have me, I think I'm gonna have me an adult entertainment.


How you explain that to them? To mama? Oh, my mama was here. I ain't talking about your mama. I'm talking about your girl, your old lady. Yeah. She, she, We, we, we like-minded. That's why we together. Okay. Okay. She about that. She she on that paper about That. Yeah. We come, we come here together. Really? Absolutely. We come here together. It is just, sometimes I party too hard and it'd be hard part to recover for a couple days, but we come out, we hanging together. This ain't no secret. Like I wouldn't even try to play like that. Right? Yeah. So we come out, we hang out together having a few drinks, whatever, You know, whatever we do. It is, it is, we share the same like similarities. And I think that's what, that's what work in most relationships. She and That's what drew you to her.


So how did You know she was the one right Man, it's just beautiful man. Beautiful inside and out. And, and I remember she used to go to church and take notes and stuff. Really? I thought that was so interesting. So cool. And then maybe look at him here and there. So just a god fearing woman who's just a super angelic like personality and You know, we laugh every day. We got some beautiful kids out this deal and just, just kept moving. I, I knew, You know, I, I, I Where'd you, where'd you, where'd, where'd you guys meet? We've been knowing each other.


20. We've been knowing each other. Who, Who made the first move? I did. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever pla podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to club. She she profile and I'll see you there. Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old s sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush s sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one myth to per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about.


Head to your local Walmart target and try to og cool Rush for yourself. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places. You're listening to an iHeart podcast.