
You know, when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner, or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus, Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. No insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason, And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and free agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Come on ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to another episode of Club Shehe on the road. I'm at the UFC Apex right here in Las Vegas, Nevada, and the guy that's stopping by for conversation and he's gonna gimme some pointers on how to throw punches and to have the right technique just in case something pop up. He's the first male boxer in history to become a two weight division, undisputed world champion in the four belt era. He's the first male boxer in history to become a two time undisputed champion. A three weight ring magazine champion, a four weight division world champion. He's six times fighter of the year. He's won 10 world titles across four weight classes. He's the undefeated and then he's the reigning WBA super welterweight champion.


Here he is, ladies and gentlemen, the pride of Omaha, Bud Crawford. What's going on? Oh, oh yeah. You let your guard die, man. Listen Bob, I caught it. I would've caught it. Now you, I caught it. Oh, hold on Bud. Hold on, Bud. You circle. I would've caught it, Bud. You circle. I would've Bud you. But don't do that. I would've caught it, Bud. Don't do that. I would've caught it. Don't do that, Bud. Don't do that. Don't do that, Bud. I'm just going, Hey, you see? Hey, the coke. Alright. You got Bud. You good? Good to see you, man. How you been here man? I've been great. I've been great All my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, pay the price.


Want a slice. Got the roll of dice. And all my life I been grinding all my life, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, slice, got the D all my life I been grinding all my life. You a So right. I'm whatever I need to be. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on, hold on. Lemme get my own. That lemme get this orthodox. Come on now. That's the theme. That's the theme. Look, I'm, I'm gonna take your right around. I'm, I'm gonna, just so I know you ain't got no left, so I'm gonna just, I'm gonna How You know that? Because you told me. Oh, no lie I lie. Look, I'm gonna just take your, I'm gonna just Look At that.


Look at that. Look At, alright, so here temple. I gotta protect my Temples, right? Okay. So first and foremost, you too square. You know what I mean? There you go. Now you gotta already know. If you right here, man, I can hit you with every, every punch in the book. Okay? But if you right here, You know what I mean, it's gonna be harder. And you, you slimmer okay? You a hard, you a harder target. Gotcha. Alright? Nah, you big man. You gotta relax, You know what I mean? First and foremost, your elbows out, man. You gonna be getting hit with body shots And stuff. Fuck. I gotta be up here. You on Your toe a little bit, You know what I mean? Just, just a back one a little bit. Because when you, when you, when you punch him, you wanna spring off. You wanna spring, that's gonna give you a little, okay, a little spring and stuff.


Put your, put your elbow. There you go. Relax. Relax. You know what I mean? Then when you jab, you wanna spring off for that one and you just wanna step and slide. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. But I gotta bring, gotta bring it back. You, you low with it. You late with it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So, okay, so I might bop you feel me? Yeah. So when you, when you jab, you want to boom, just keep it tight. Boom. Not don't, don't pull it up too much. 'cause now you're straining yourself. Okay? Just let it, just let it flow you. Boom. You ain't even gotta be hard. You just let it flow. Let it flow. Yep. Chin down a little bit. Yeah.


Get that right there. You want protect your chin a little bit. Fi ocho, ocho talking about protect your temple. See Ocho, you done got me knocked out every week. I got a professional here. I know I shouldn't have listened to Ocho talking about temple, but protect your temple. You know you going to protect, you gonna protect that too. But, but you okay protecting this. But how do I keep from getting body shot, man? Because listen, You know what I mean? If you got your, if you got your elbows in, okay? If you throw a body shot, throw a body shot, you just drop 'em. But if your elbow's out here, if your elbow's out here and I, Oh, I can Just, I can just touch you, You know what I mean? I can just touch it with a little something. Come, man, man, you gotta tell me.


You gonna throw the body shot so I can brace, I can see it. I ain't getting, I ain't getting the brace for that. So When you hear, you just, you just drop 'em, you just drop 'em. You just drop 'em. 'cause you always want to keep your hands up, You know what I mean? That's like, if I, if I throw a jab, nigga, you just boom, boom. You don't want, you wanna stop. You don't wanna do that. So Because you do that, I might fake you. And So you, that's, that's the faint you talking about. Go come over the top. See, there you go. You know, you want just catch it. Just catch it. Yeah. There you go. But not pulling out, you pulling, okay, don't Pull. So, so, so let's you, you throw I do this in back, right? So I'm boom. Ah, okay, see, I'm gonna step in. I'm gonna step in and crack you. So, so, so, so if you got, if you got it here and you just here, you just here, here.


And then I faint you, You know, boom. There you go. Oh yeah. Getting hit with something that you don't see. Right? The punch, a lot of punch that damn near always gives him outta there is that upper cut because it's coming from the blind spot because I'm looking, looking and then, You know, Tyson was good and notorious of bam, bam or who else, or Lennox. Nice uppercut. So how do you protect against the uppercut? Well, there's two things that you gotta worry about with the uppercut. You know, you gotta be in close to do it now. You threw it from distance. You're Right, you are right. But you go get crack.


This is, this is another case where I say, You know your combinations. Okay. You know, and knowing who you fighting and knowing what combinations that they love to throw. Okay? Try not to, to get over this knee. Which One? Your front knee. Okay. I'm too much over. When you over there, when you, when you bending Down, That's when, that's when the, that's when the knee. Okay. Now remember I said not getting out of position. Right? If you in position, it's gonna be hard to hit you with a upper cut because you can see it. Right. You know what I mean? And if you do get hit, boom, you kind of want to, you want to get back, You know what I mean? Or step to the side.


So if we here and you sit down a little bit, You know what I mean? And I come here, just open that, just boom. Oh, okay. There you go. You don't even gotta do so Much. But see, but see, here's the thing though. See, but you gonna counter see what, I knock this down? Nah, I can't counter, I can't counter what I'm gonna counter with. Okay? If, if, if I touch you with this, you got your hand on, You know what I mean? You can, you can catch this and come over top of, of me. Oh, okay. I can't be teaching you too. Yeah. Can't be teaching. I can't be, I can't be giving them too many jewel. Man. Some gimme some more, gimme Some more.


He Like, gimme some more. Hell yeah. I can't be giving you too much Shannon. 'cause now you gonna try to box and you gonna do the Shit. No, no, no, No. Shannon gonna come and call Jake Paul out. No, hell no. I gotta write somebody that got Liberty skills like myself. Somebody, somebody that's in their fifties don't know anything about boxing. Okay. You, you, you, you, you like, you fight from the Orthodox side. Both. What do you feel most comfortable with? Both. Both. So, okay, let's just say you fight from the, you fight from the south, the, the south ball stance, the Orthodox. And I'm gonna fight from The South Paul or the Orthodox. This is about Orthodox. Yeah. So you want me to fight for south ball?


Yeah. So, okay. What are you trying to do? Are you trying to stay in, you trying to stay inside or are you trying to stay outside? Are you trying to step on my foot? I ain't trying to step on your foot. It just depends on what I'm trying to do. Okay. Because a lot of times you get a lot of, you get a lot of headbutts with, with one guy's an Orthodox and the other guy's a southpaw, right? Correct. I can, I can, I can let you take the outside, You know what I mean? And, and, and hit you with some shots and I can step on the outside and hit you with some socks. Right. So it just depends on what I'm trying to do at the moment. Right. I'm trying to, I'm trying not to let you hit me with your power shot. Which one ain't my power shot? If you, I'm, I'm gonna thank you.


Your left. Okay. So I'm gonna hit you with a power shot that's not with the left. That's okay. I don't feel it got that same kind of sting, that same kind of venom. Why do you think that? Because I just, I just feel that. Lemme see actually this arm a little bigger acting The right movie. They, they, they both lemme take that back. They both, they both do what they supposed to do. I know, but I think that The right might have a little bit more power. They do, they both do what they Supposed to do. I'm telling you, if you watch their history, these mons do what they supposed To do. Oh yeah. You, you put 'em together Now. Well, I put 'em sleep with left or Left. Yes, but, but what you can do is you can put punches Together.


Which one you want. Let see, this, this one a little big. I'm gonna hit me with this one. This one put This one. They be scared Of this one. So this one put 'em sleep. Yeah, But see if your, your right is bigger than your left. Nah, You know. Yes it is. Look at it. Nah, my left is bigger than my right. Yeah. Ooh. Yeah. You see how you, you got That's the delay reaction. That's the delay reaction that I'm telling you about back. It's too late now. Yeah, I see. What is the, I Yeah.


Alright. So when you, when you hooking right? You here, you want to go on that toe and bring that one flat. So this, So you here, right here, say you on this back toe. Remember I told you be on that back toe, You know what I mean? But when you, when you hook, you want to change your, you want to hook from the hips. So when you hook, boom, this toe gonna go up and this one gonna go down. So you here and it's gonna go boom. Okay? So you can do a 45 Or you can do Straight. Yeah. So, So you wanna be a Mike Tyson. So you wanna be Because Because Hold on. Because I, I like to Think you, if somebody, if I'm in the, if I'm a, I'm fighting in the hell I'm be, I would be a heavyweight.


The guy, he ain't going, ain't no heavyweights your size. Listen what Joe f Joe Frazier was probably Huh? Joe was about your height. Oh sure. Joe. Joe wasn't that tall. He wasn't like, like Ali to six, twos and nine. He got the super heavyweight 6.65, You know, six nine. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, so here we here come from the shoulders, relax, relax, always relax, come straight from the shoulders. Boom. Open it up a little bit. Bam. But get that, that, there you go. So yeah. So you wanna come, everything you do you wanna come from the shoulders. Boom. Just turn it hips. Hmm? Use your hips. I Did. Oh, you got bad hips? Yeah. They any, they artificial.


I got hip replacement, both my hip. Oh, alright, Alright, alright. You need some stretches? You need some Stretching. Your hips is like this. Hey, I need a blow right now. Gotta use your hips. When you coming in there, you, you hear boom. And that's where that torque gonna come from. The hips, your legs all the way up in there. So you square right now. So you like this? So when you here, just bring it straight up. Boom, you tight down. Yeah, but use hit it. Turn it, boom. Yeah. D yeah. Whew. I'm blowed.


Get about five of the motherfuckers in here. He done hit me with everything, You know, come with the upper cut left to right. Oh man. Oh man, look it, I'm sweat here. Ain't broke a sweat. No, it's all good man. It's hot in here. The hardest day, like when you see like watching a fight and you got in the corner, but you, you telling bro get out the corner. Get out the corner. It ain't just as easy. It's just like walking out the corner. Is it because I've in the corner. Right. And, and You know, I, I'm watching fights at home and I see somebody in the corner and he in trouble. I'm like, bro, get outta the corner. Right. Get outta the corner. But it's a lot easier said than done, isn't It?


Facts. So getting out the corner could be difficult. Depends on, You know, if you hurt or not. Right. Or what type of fighter you fighting in. But for the most part, let's say you southpaw, right? Right. Let's say I got you in the corner, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam. You got three things you can do, right? You can smother me. No, no. Smother me. Okay. You can, you can close the distance. Right? So it's like here, right. Let me get up under you. Okay. You know what I mean? You got that You can grab me. Yes. That's what I, You Know what I mean? You can grab me, you can just step around and turn step, step and turn. Oh, okay. Okay. You know what I mean? Step, step around my, My feet.


Oh you, oh really? You talking? So you literally talking about stab. Oh. And get you in the car. Yeah, there You go. You Can step. But, but if I'm hurt I Ain't. But that's what I'm saying. If you hurt, you better grab me. Okay. You know what I mean? Everybody think, oh man, he a punk. If you grab my, I'm gonna grab you. You Right Bing. Hold up. Lemme, lemme get my, my thoughts together. Okay. Okay, okay. You know what I mean? Then I'm get back to the center of the ring and then, You know what I mean? You start All over, start all over. You Don't have to work for it now 'cause You don't let me out. You don't let me out of this. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So, You know, you want to, you wanna do one of those things When you tired. Another thing bro, throw punches. He in trouble. It's hard to throw them punches when you tired Bud. Man it is.


But you gotta, that's why you gotta train. You know, if you, if you train hard, then you shouldn't have that type of problems really. Or You know, when you, when you is tired, you done train so hard that you learn how to deal with being tired and fatigued and still be able to throw punches, You know, and still be in there to throw punches, You know, When you tired. Is does it get more difficult as the rounds go and let's say the pace? 'cause a lot of it is determined by pace. I mean if it's a fight, You know, and it's, You know, you guys feeling each other out the first couple of rounds and so forth and so on. Now as the pace starts to pick up, does it get harder to get someone out once you start to start the fatigue in the later rounds? Yeah, For sure. But at the same time, we all didn't got tired before.


But now that's when that second wind kick in. Do You know when someone's getting tired? Of course. Can you Tell we all can, You know. Well you can, we can. Right. We can, You know certain things, You know, body languages and You know when you tie up, can't breathe it out their mouth when you tie up in, in, in a, in a clinch, You know what I mean? You can, you be like, oh, You know, Oh you tired huh? Yeah. You tired Then put a little bit more Pressure on or, or they not fighting the same level that they was fighting at earlier. You know, or they just, you can tell that they just trying to pace they self you Taking all that information in. Yeah, Of course. And You know, Yeah, You in a street fight.


Right. Let's go people that man, he ain't fight fair. Ain't no fair, no Street fight. Ain't nothing, ain't nothing fair in the street, Bro. A bra. Whatever the case may be on the street fight, I'm gonna hurt you. See I don't want hurt you. Nah, I don't, I don't, I don't wanna fight in the street. I'm gonna hurt you. You know what I mean? But they, they, they, they your hands with deadly weapons so you can't get in a fight. You, it is best for you to just like, Hey bro. Nah, I just be like, man, just chill out man. 'cause I'm gonna fuck you up. I'm over here bro. A I ain't bro, I ain't on what you on right now. Just go ahead. Just go ahead or you got it. You got it bro. Yeah, you got it. You got it. That's Because the thing that's the older me, because here's the thing Bud.


People, they look at you, they look at your size. Yeah. And that's the biggest mistake that you can make on somebody. First thing I'm looking for, I'm looking at his ears. He got cauliflower ears. You gonna might be UFC to have you flo it to everybody now you a mean No, I ain't worried about that. Yeah. But but I'm saying though Bud, see you got hands like that, everybody got hands in Street. First thing I'm looking at, I'm looking at your hands and your body language. Nah, but I see I, hey, I'm not gonna let you get up on me. I'm looking at the mirror from a different, even, Even, even if I'm not on you, I'm looking at your hands and your body language. That's the first thing I'm looking at because we in 2025. Yeah. You know what I mean? What What I say, Hey, Hey, ain't nobody fighting no more.


So No, no. So you just be like, man, man, listen man, you good. You got it. You know what I mean? Yeah. You just let him have you got it bro. It ain't, it ain't even like that. Yeah, That's what I thought. Yeah, you right, you Right bro. You got it. And I just leave peacefully. Yeah. Then when you come outside, No, if I leave peaceful, I'm get my car, I'm gone. But that's, but that's the thing that I would tell people is that like, if you getting into it and y'all, once the voices start to raise Bud and this all that mofos and b And we close, I probably already punched you. That's the thing. Yeah, but you not gonna let somebody close the Distance. I'm not about to argue with you way over there though. That's the thing. Okay. You know I'm not about to, that's we, we used to call people like that.


They scared. Right. Because they want everybody to that to come in and Yeah. Hey man, y'all need to stop man. Y'all need, but if, if we, You about to do this, we're Like, what you talking about? And we here, we here, we not about to. Man. What you say Shannon? Shannon? What's that stuff you said? Man, Shannon, I'll beat you up now. Everybody gonna break it up and now everybody Yeah. Yeah. Listen. Hey Bud. Hey. I would take two or three of the more Cape loads. Oh you see, Listen, Listen, listen, listen. Alright.


We on the streets, we not, we really? Oh tj No Bud. No Brian here. Yeah. That what I want. I oh, He gonna be tired in a minute. I'm Already tired. What? Who can out? Oh, What you talking about?


What you talking about? The meeting. He gonna be tired in a minute. I'm already tired. He gonna be tired in a minute. Alright, Now Shannon, sit back, sit back, breathe man. Now listen, you did good that round. Okay? But you didn't do good at, okay, Okay. You right. I see, I see what you're trying to do. But you gotta keep your hands up. Okay? Go back to the basics, okay? 1, 2, 1, 1, 2. Okay? Keep the jabber, okay? Come on, get out there champ. How many, Hey, How many, how many more minutes we got coach? Hey, Get out there. You got, you got Another round? Hey, okay.


Woo. All their muscles. I told you, I told you you was gonna get tired with all their muscles. I told you. And see I'm little. Yeah, See? And, and you didn't get me outta there. Now get you, I got get you out in the first round. Now it's Going now, now, now it's my turn. You gonna be rolling around and stuff. You gonna drag me to the D Hey, you gonna be rolling around talking about I can't breathe. I can't breathe. I got ass. But like Tommy, Hers had all Martin Martin up. Hey, you gonna be talking about you got as Asthma. You ain't never had Asthma.


I got asthma though. Do you? Oh, see, I see. See I gotta Decide to douce. You Know what? Talking about I can't breathe. That's how them big Dudes me on my head coach Hard times. I was broke member Santo five on four these days. Winning. Only We would, we you were bulling and yeah, I did. I was like, you threw a punch. I'm gonna do this and I'm gonna come back. You was like, man, that slow ass punch, you better not hit you like seven, eight times. All right, so when somebody like that drag and, and, and Floyd's good with that, like somebody throw and he crawl and bam. Yeah. Did you, I mean how do You know what's coming and then how do you counteract that?


Floyd is so good at timing people. Yes. And he got speed. So by the time you already threw your hand out, he already then seen it and he already in motion to hit you. So the only thing you can do is pop Is Just brace for it. Right. You know what I mean? So when you out of position, Floyd is good at getting fighters outta position. Right. So when you outta position, You know what I mean? You just gotta eat it. You Know What is, there's like, because a lot of people say, well Floyd, Floyd ain't got no power, but if he ain't got no power, why people didn't walk him down. Facts. He did something to keep y'all up off him. Facts. Is it, is speed, is is is power generated through speed or is it generated through sitting down?


Okay. Both. You know, 'cause I can hit you with something, something fast and you don't see it and you be like, p oh shit. You know what I mean? It is like whip flash or I can hit you with something that you see, but I sat down on it and it's like, boom. And you like, man this motherfucker didn't crack me. You know what I mean? Right. So it's both, You know, I mean speed is power though, but the ones that you don't see hurt you the worst. Yeah. That's, that's the thing is it's that hit. That's what I tell people. Like, what's the hardest you've been hit? Well I didn't see it. Yeah. I'm going here. And I'm like, bam. Yeah. Well if I see you coming I can You can brace for it. I Can brace for It. You can feel the force and you can know that it was, it was powerful. Right. You know? But, but, But you took a lot of sting out of it because you brace for it.


But that one that you don't see. Yeah. When you in the ring and you like, 'cause the hardest thing is, is to stay focused once you tired is that, and they, You know, coach Lombardi once said fatigue make cowards of a song. So all of a sudden now you, because everybody feels good the first couple of rounds, you're like, yeah, yeah, I feel good. Hey, you doing good son, you're doing good. You on your toes, you bouncing around. Now we get round six or seven and now all of a sudden the, the punches start to uptick. So instead of throwing 10, 15, 20 punches, now all of a sudden it's a 30, 40, 50 punch output. Now you got to really stay focused. 'cause when you get tired, that jaw drop. Now you in the middle of the ring.


Yeah. So how do you, how do you stay, how do you stay real? Because I think the biggest thing is staying relaxed because that takes a lot of energy. Yeah. It's, it's, it is something that a lot of fighters, You know, struggle with. But being that I'm experienced and I've been doing it for so long, I'm used to it. Okay. You know, I'm used to staying calm and in the storm, You know, all great fighters is used to it. You got, You know, it comes with experience. I'm gonna just say it come with experience, You know, some fighters you see they throwing a hundred punches around and You know, they ain't got no look on they face just because they ain't been doing it for so long.


Right. You know, other, other fighters, You know, you see 'em breaking down and falling apart when they get tired. You know, and You know, that's when the inexperience come into play. When you're tired, you gotta go back to the fundamentals. Right. You know, keep your hands up and stick to your guns. That's The hardest thing because, You know, doing and, and people are like, man three real say nothing. I was like, I, I'll tell you, tell you what, just hold your hand. I ain't say throw no punches. I want you to hold your hands just like this for three minutes and Just move around around And that's it. Now do that and just, You know, just shadow by. I ain't talking about, You know, you gotta throw no power and lemme know how you feel now. Do that for 12 rounds and see how you feel. Yeah.


Three minutes doesn't seem like a long time, but when you getting stalked or you're stalking somebody, that's a long period of time. Because the hardest thing that I found out, Bud, that I stopped breathing. I hold my breath and now here we are, minute a half of the ring. I'm exhausted. I'm exhausted for sure. So I, I couldn't, the hardest thing for me is that I couldn't relax because when I run a ride, Bud, I'm holding my breath. I'm not breathing. Catch the ball. Run, I'll start breathing again. You can't do that in boxing. At on. You can't do that in boxing. And, and you can't say Coach, Lemme take one. Hey, what, what, what, what should I be doing?


Yeah. You can't, You can't go on the sideline and be like, whew, let me take two, two plays. Yeah. Yeah. You know, lemme get, lemme get it. It's you. Yeah. Yeah. But I love it though. I love it though because You know, I'm so competitive. It's like I used to get into it with my teammates because of the wrong things that they was doing or they not working as hard as I am. Mm. You know, if I wanna win so bad that I'm about to beat you up because you like, I don't care. It is just one play. Nah, one play can cost us the game. Right. You know, or you missing layups, You know what I mean?


Like that, that, that's on the team. Like, nah, cut it out. It is gonna be on me. Let me put it on my back. At any point in time in your career, I'm not just saying professionally, your amateur career when you was taught, did you feel that you went into the ring and you weren't prepared? Most definitely. Most definitely. Man. I done lost fights as an amateur for not being prepared, not being in shape and, and they just outworked me. I remember, You know what I mean? Going to the corner outta shape and I'm like, man, this dude, this dude, he couldn't fight. Right. You know what I mean? But he was just better condition. He just, he just punching and I'm out there trying to knock him out winging and stuff. And I'm just like, man, I don't never want to feel that, that feeling ever again in life.


Because it's like, for one, it's embarrassing to, to be this, this top amateur and you losing to people that You know, you should. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's just like, bro, if I'm in shape and I'm trained to the best of my ability, I don't think nobody can beat me. That's just been my motto my whole life since I've been working. Like really working in the gym. 'cause when, when you little, you come in the gym, you hit the speed bag, you play around with your friends and stuff like that and y'all go to tournaments and y'all just go to tournaments. But when you start getting to the elite level and the amateurs like everybody's good.


You know, you fighting different styles every day. Right. You, you fighting, You know what I mean? Overseas and stuff like that. So it changed my life and my training resume. So everything was like hard go, go, go, go, go. And then you start seeing the outcome. It's like, oh man, if I'm this, this Terrance right man, these boys can't beat me. Wow.


You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


The forties and free agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, listen To the forties and free agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


And then looking at the way Floyd Mayweather train, that was so inspiring. You know how You know he'll run from the strip club like everybody Think You know just 'cause he out there partying, he don't drink or smoke. Right? He'll run from the strip club. He always working, just working, working. And I just took that from Floyd. Like I just just work nonstop. Nonstop. Let back the roof. You see the smoke come out the ceiling. All my made it killing what it cost to get a million. I'm living life for real out love. See you Phil. Get risky the minute. What gave Bud Crawford the confidence that he could be a world champion.


The doubters. The doubters and, and and my belief in myself, You know, I think me believing in myself and the heart that I pose within my, my, my chest. That I don't care who you is. If you ain't fought me, you can't, you can't. Nobody tell me you can beat me. Right. You know, so it just always being that I had a chip on my shoulder in every sport to prove like I belong here. Right. Or I'm better than these guys that y'all praising. So I just always carried myself like that. You still have that now. You won 10 belts over four different weight divisions. You are two ti you are two division undisputed in the four belt era.


You're the only male that's done that. You still have doubt. You still feel you have something to prove. Of course. Of Course. 'cause they don't believe you won't be able to do what you, what you believe you could do. Except of course Facts. Facts. And that's, and that's the, the joy in it, You know, proving everybody wrong. Right. You know, having, having the ability to see the look on everybody's face when everybody say, oh man, he's this, he ain't for nobody or he's not that good or he's gonna get knocked out. I've been hearing that my whole career, You know, and then when I succeed then it's all quiet. It's so, no, it's not quiet.


It's excuse at their excuse. At Their excuse. Yeah. So it's like I didn't fault everybody that everybody wanted me to fight, but then it's, oh, you haven't fought nobody. Okay, cool. You know, and I Heard that because when you fought Earl, man, that car wreck took everything he had out of him. So, hey, if he'd have fought three years before that ain't no way Earl wipe wipe before. So lemme ask you this in September, are you gonna pull this? I Shook up the world. I told you, I told you, I told you, I told you, I told you. Yeah, definitely, Definitely. That's definitely gonna be, You know what I mean? One of the moments, You know, and I just smile, right. Because a lot of the people that personally know me, they know, they like, man, I don't know why they doubting that boy.


Right. You know, and it's cool, but I need that. Right. I need the, the doubters to fuel me. Right? I need the people to say, oh well look at his fight against Madoff. You know what you think he'll do if he go up two more weight classes. I need that. You know, because that, that's gonna make me more focused and turn into a different animal. So I need the people to to, to say I can't do this or I'm not good enough or I'm not strong enough or this person gonna knock me out because that, that makes me get up and You know, turn into super san right As, as you move up in weight some of the time they'll say like, well you move up in weight, you lose some of the power.


But do you feel that you'll still be able to maintain that level of quickness moving up to weight classes? I mean that's gonna be 14 pounds, moving up 14 pounds. Are you still gonna be able to possess? Because everybody says, well, Canelo has power. That's his natural fighting weight. You are moving up. That's not your natural fighting weight. You have the speed advantage. So are you gonna be able to maintain that speed advantage and still be able to pack a punch? Of course. You know, I think, You know, if you can punch, you can punch. Okay. You know, it may not have the same effect that it did on a smaller guy, on a bigger guy, but if you, if you sharp, you sharp. Right. You know, and I don't gotta knock 'em out, I just gotta beat him.


Right. A lot of people thinking just because a person punch harder than You know, another fighter that they automatic going to win. No, it's a lot of fighters that lost, You know, and they punch way harder than the fighter that they lost to. Right. Canelo's not just a puncher. I don't know why that's, that's, that's What people believe. Huh? It is just like this don't know boxing. They just looking at him being strong, The bigger man, He's a great boxer. You know what I mean? Right. People taking away from his boxing skills and just thinking that he's just this puncher when that's not true. So that's why I laugh because we not just looking at Canelo as a puncher.


We looking at him as a whole fighter, a complete fighter, You know, he can take a punch, he can deliver a punch, he can counter punch you, he can box you, he can punch on you. You know what I mean? Good body puncher good. You know, fighter that got good balance, he never getting out of position. So we looking at all that, Where were you when you decided to say, You know what my next great adventure Canelo. It's crazy. I don't even know, I don't even know where I was at. But it was like, I'm always willing to challenge myself like, like today with you. Yeah.


You know what I mean? No, it's just, it's just, it is Justmy. That's the first thing he did. He came in. Oh, I tackle you. It's just, it's just, it is just Emmy it is just a competitive nature in me. You know, if I was sitting, sitting next to Michael Jordan, I'd be like, man, let's play one-on-ones. Right. Let me see how many I can score on you. You know, that's just, that's just me So accomplishing so much and failing to have the Manny Pacquiao fights, You know, the Koto fights and the, the, the Shane Mosley that all the other great fighters had when these fighters was on their way out, You know, that made them, You know, the star that they is not having those guys to share the ring with.


Right. It's like, oh man, what's what, what can you do to leapfrog those fighters? Why not go up three weight classes? I wanted to go up three, just to be honest. I didn't want to fight at 1 54. I wanted to go So You wanted to go straight from 47 to 68? Yes, I did. It is, it is documented. I wanted to go from 1 47 to 1 68 just because I wanna challenge myself. But that's a Yeah. Yeah. And that's, and that's the joy of it. That's the joy of it. Everybody's like, man, boy you crazy. Yeah. You gotta be crazier to think of Things like that.


Yeah. Because not, not a whole lot of guys, I mean Roy went from 1 68 to one and he weighed, did heavyweight and, and he, I think he weighed 1 93 in that fight. So that was basically, I mean that's 25 pounds that he went up. You'd be going up 20, you'd be going up 21 pounds. And normally guys like go up incrementally, You know, you fought it. 'cause I, if I'm not mistaken, I think Sugar Ray and Durant fought it lightweight at 1 35 I think. No, no, no, no. 1 47. Yeah, because I know, I know. Ha I know Sugar Ray and Haggler, excuse me, hers fought at 47. But Sugar Ray and Haggler fought at one 60. And I'm like, okay, 1 47, he go to 1 54, he go to one 60. We cool.


Okay Bud. Okay. I like that. Yeah, Bud. Think about going to super middle. Yeah. That's, that's, that's the excitement about it. You know, when I look at it like, I always had this, this mind frame of the bigger they are, the harder they fall. Okay. I been beaten up big dudes all my time. Cut under, they underestimate your whole boy. No, it is just, even if they didn't, I'm gonna beat you up. You know, I can fight. Right. You know, so if you watch like all these dudes bigger than me. Yeah. You know, like, I don't care, but I'm gonna find a way to win no matter what.


Okay. You win this fight, then what? Who you, I mean where you go from there, Bud? You can't go back down. I might go the heavyweight. Nah, I just swear. I just play. I, I, but, but, but who, I mean, I mean, I mean once you, let's just say for the sake of argument and I'm gonna say, You know Bud, you win, you win this fight at 1 68, you can't fight someone else. You can't fight anybody at 1 47 because everybody will say, why is he fighting? Yeah. I can't, I can't make 1 47 either anyway. You Can't make 1 47 again. Yeah. No. It is over. What about 54 Junior middle Man, we going to go to 1 68. So you gonna go to 1 68 to stay there? Huh? I ain't thinking about nothing but one 60. Nothing about that 1 68. Is it Over after that? I don't know. I don't, I I'm not gonna say that.


I'm not gonna say that. What? Be left? I don't know. That's what I'm saying. You Would've scaled the seven summits. Yeah. And finished off with my, I'm like we might do a rematch. You never know. Never know. Love Summertime shy on the boat, man. The guys plotting our next moves. Putting smoke in the sky. Louis say cover my eyes.


The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the high stakes drama clutch moments and jaw dropping plays. DraftKings Sports Sportsbook has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the play in games all the way through the finals, now's the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase glory. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30 points, 40 or more? It's your call. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now. Lock in your bets and make this playoff run unforgettable. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings Sports book app and use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance For additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


How the hell you get name Bud? How you get Bud out of Terrance? Shit, you asked. You asking me? I asked my mom the same question. She said that, You know, when I was a little kid, they used to call me Spud. Okay. She was like, don't call him Spud. Call him Bud. Okay. It stuck Ever since I was a baby. They they been calling me Bud. Does anybody in your family call you Terrence or everybody just call you Bud? Everybody call me Bud. Nobody, nobody really called him Terrence. Well, we got LaPorte up here, but we don't, you don't drink or you don't smoke and you're getting ready for the arguably one of your biggest fights. So congratulations on everything. But we gonna get into it right quick. You're from Omaha, Nebraska.


Omaha, Nebraska. That's right. And you never left. What's special about Omaha to Terrence? Carlin, Omaha is home. Omaha is special just like any other city that any other athlete came up out of. You hear a lot of athlete and a lot of people say, oh, where I'm from Philly, I'm from Chicago, from Detroit or Texas, whatever, so forth. I'm from Nebraska, I'm from Omaha. And that's what I put on for. And that's where I give the most hope to the youth at.


Did you ever, when you were growing up, like, man, I can't wait to get outta Omaha. 'cause you see a lot of people like, you come, man, I couldn't, I can't wait to leave this. I can't wait to leave that. But it seemingly, as you mentioned, this is home is very special place and I'm not so sure you ever wanted to leave Omaha. No. I just always said, I can't wait to make it from Omaha. Okay. Okay. Because Omaha is not a hot bed for boxing. Omaha is a place where when I used to go to national tournaments and we got the Nebraska team, they'd be like, oh, we got one, we got one. We An easy one. We got an easy one to date. You know what I mean? So I want to change that narrative.


Right. You know, and I I did that 10 times for Describe Omaha for people that's never been to Omaha, that doesn't live in Omaha. For the people that's gonna watch this, gonna listen to this ex describe Omaha to them. Well, first and foremost, it's black people in Besides you and your family. See that's what I'm saying. So let's, let's get that out the way. Okay. A lot of people, You know, when you say you from Omar, they be like, is black people in, Well, Gabrielle, you ain't from Omaha. Malcolm X from Omaha. Yeah. Malcolm X. Great. Warren Buffett. Yeah. You know, Omaha is a place where, You know, it's not as fast as the bigger cities, but You know, we have the same things like any other big city.


We got crime, we got, You know, nice parts. We got the, You know, Not so nice parts. Not, not so nice parts. But You know, Omaha is a great place that you can raise a family at. It's a, a nice place to visit. And Omaha is where it's at. To Me. You and I was having a conversation off, off camera. You said you got seven kids and you're just like, man, tell me this. Where would you wanna raise your kids? You're like, LA's too fast. New York's too crowded, X, Y and Z. You say Omaha, that's the best place that I can raise my kids For sure. When I look at cities and I say, all right, what I wanna raise my kid in that city, in that type of environment, I'd be like, no, You know, I don't want to, I don't wanna shield 'em.


But at the same time, I want to kind of protect them from the world that that's could be a negative vibe. I like Colorado Springs as well. Okay. You know, Colorado Springs kind of remind me of Omaha type type city. But the best thing about Colorado Springs is you can go to Denver and go to Yes. A football Yeah. Game. Go to an NBA Because there ain't nothing, but it ain't nothing about the Olympic boxing com Olympic training facility and the Air Force Academy. Right. That's it. In the, in the Army base. Yeah. Fort Carson. But then I can go back, You know, and chill. Right. You know, see a, see a, some deers in the morning.


You see a bear here and there, You know, I'm I I like the wild light. Right. So describe your neighborhood. What was, what was Bud Crawford's neighborhood like? Oh, my neighborhood was fun. You had all kinds of kids in the neighborhood. Was it, was it mainly black? Was it mixture? It was black. It was black. Okay. Mainly blacks run around the neighborhood. We fighting. We been friends. The next day we, we all playing sports together. We either on different teams and, and playing football or we on the same team. We'll all get our paths together and go in the, the field across the street and be seeing who can run who over or we playing, You know, killer man.


Right. Tool and touch or You know, just, just being kids, You know, walking around the corner trying to get on the girls. My, my neighborhood was, was fun. But you don't see neighborhoods like that no more? No. Was did you experience racism? I mean, 'cause IIII, it is just a natural thing. People think, like, like you said, you're like, okay, there are black people in Omaha, there are black people in o, in Omaha and in Nebraska. Contrary to what you might have heard of what you might perceive. So did you, did you ever experience or come in contact with any racism? Never. Never. I can't, I can't remember one time where I actually can say that I experienced a person like calling me out my name.


Right. Wow. You know, now bias. Yes. You know, being rude. Yes. But a person like you, they, you this and that, that never, wow. Never. You know, I can't, I can't say that. And then for the most part, north Omaha is primarily black. You ever met, you mentioned Warren Buffett being from Omaha. Have you ever met Warren Buffett? Yeah. Plenty of times. He Give you some great advice? Yeah, Warren cool. Warren cool. He chill. You know, we sit there, we have, we have little, little meetings, little little conversations. And he drink his Coca-Cola and eat his popcorn and just like a regular person.


Right. You know, when when, when people look at Warren, they be like, oh man, this guy is like, like so like smart got so much money, but he just a regular person like us. Right. You know. How has being from Omaha, being from the neighborhood that you're from, that upbringing, how has that shaped the man we see sitting here today? I think it made me more humble. I think it made me more reserved in a sense of not trying to get all up into the hype. You know, when you see people from LA they all want to be Hollywood. They all want to dress a certain way. When you, same way with New York, You know, everybody, oh, I gotta hatties on, I gotta do this.


Right. I gotta do that. You know? And other, other cities, they wanna be rappers, You know, oh, I gotta have all the jewelry on. I gotta have all the, the, the rings and the bling and You know, I gotta spend all my money on cars because that's what people like. And I think being from Omaha have kept me grounded to the, to the point where, You know, I'm more business minded than worried about what everybody else thinks. Did when you were Growing up in Omaha, did you see, 'cause a lot of times, You know, in LA you saw people with fancy cars and jewelry and nice clothes. Same thing in New York and a lot of other cities. Did you see anybody in Omaha that had jewelry, that had nice cars that, that dressed a certain type of way that you like, man, I give me some money, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna do that.


Of course I think all of us have growing up, but I was taught at an early age, You know, if you can have this car in this car, they both gonna get to the destination at the same time. Right. You know, so if you wanna spend 500,000 on this car that's going to depreciate. Right. And it's not an asset. Or do you wanna spend $20,000 on this car that's going to work just as well as this car and cost less to fix it up. Right. Then buy you some assets on the side and then, You know, plan for your future. Or you can live for now Raised by a single mom.


How did, how much of a challenge was that? Did you notice that, You know, being a single mom and there are probably financial struggles. I don't know, You know, what was, what were your, You know, what she did for a living, but was it hard? Did you, did You know that man, my friends might have something? Or, or did, did you go without meals? Did you clothing, so what was that your upbringing as far as being a single, You know, being raised by a single parent? Well, My upbringing was, was, was, was cool because I have family that's supportive. Okay. You Know, extended family, they really Yeah, for sure. My aunts, my uncles, things like that. My cousins, my mom, You know, was married, You know, my dad was in the military.


Okay. So he would always send money home every month. Right. But at the same time, You know, sometimes that wouldn't be enough. So I couldn't get the clothes that I want. I couldn't get the shoes that I want. So in doing so, I would always get in fights 'cause people would talk about my clothes. Mm. People always talk about my shoes. So I'm like, all right. I didn't have the jokes. You had the, you had the hands on the bun. I done had a joke. So, You know, I mean, when people calling me dark Vader calling me oil spill and stuff like that. And then, then everybody laughing. You would the been a person I punched, I'd have been like, oh. So it's funny. Huh?


I got you. But that's the thing. What tried to figure out, you gonna get mad at the guy laughing. You get mad at yo mean. Why the guy, you get mad at the guy laughing. I didn't tell the Joke because you would be the one that drags it out. So, so say me and you, you my homie. Right. You, you, you, you bagging on me. Yeah. You got the right 'cause we friends. Right. You know what I mean? But you, who is man, who is this dude? Why you laughing? And He just drag Ah. Ah, now everybody else laughing because they laughing at how he dragging it out. Yo. Sure. Not everybody laughing at you. So you got into it a lot growing up at the kid. Hu And I fought a lot.


I fought a lot. So what, so you fighting school. School, you fight outside of school, right? When did you, when did your mom say, Hey son, you got, you gotta, hey, you gotta channel this. Let's, let's get you into something that you can channel this, this anger. What, what did you think This stemmed from? My dad and I been there. Mm. You know, and I, and, and my mom wasn't the one that got me in boxing. Really? Really? So the owner of the gym lived right behind me. Okay. So me being in the neighborhood, running around the neighborhood bad, he would always try to get all the little kids to do something positive. So he had boxing down there, he had singing, he had dancing.


Right. Talent shows tickets to go sell raffle tickets, You know, so we can have some money. And he was a big, big influence person in, in the, in the community. Community still is still to this day. Okay. He asked, he stopped me and a couple of friends and asked did we wanna box? I ran home like, Hey man, something's some stranger. This point man, trying to talk to me, You know? Right. He knocking on the door and when he, when he come in, everybody greeting him. I'm like, this the dude I'm telling y'all about. They like, oh, well, your dad and your uncle boxed for him. Yeah. Right. You know?


So Boxing kinda ran and your family, so your uncle boxed your dad box. Okay. Oh, wow. Uncle. Yeah. So that was your, that was your Pre you, so you had no choice but to be a boxer? Yeah, for sure. Definitely. So my mom asked me did I want to go and I told her, yeah. So I go down there, start boxing, I get through out Why you got thrown out. So, so the coach, the coach and me bumped heads because I was this kid like, you not about to be cussing at me. Oh, okay. Yelling at me, telling me, get your little badass over there and threw them pushups. Like, who are you talking to? You ain't my daddy. Like, you ain't about to be cussing at me.


Right. So we clash and kick me out. So I'm like, whatever. I come back to the gym, I'm hitting the speed bag. He like, didn't I tell you little badass? Don't just be hitting them bags without no gloves and this and that, that and this. And I'm, I start arguing with him again. I'm like, man, this ain't your gym man. This, this is Carl Jim and You know, you just, you just a coach here. Right. So we, we arguing, we bumping heads, man. He kicked me out. I was out for like five years. Damn. Yeah. I, 'cause I didn't care. I just went to other sports. Right. You know, and in 2002 they made these little pamphlets where my face on it, like I'm some kind of feed your children, you gotta see it.


Come on man. Hey man, it go CW needs you. And I'm on the as lips it off and I'm, it's, it's like they try to sell me. So I come back, You know, I'm like, man, I'm not boxing man. So everybody's just all trying to get me to come back. Right. Because my guy Cindo, he, he Mexican, he was boxing at the time and he was running through all the little kids in the gym. And they like, man, when you was here, you was the baddest little little kid in there. Right. Man, we got this little Mexican down. Oh. Called the body snatcher. He dropping everything. And I'm like, man, I don't care what y'all talking about, man.


I come in there and whip 'em. So we going back and forth and we got this thing called family night that we, we throw to raise money for the, for the gym. And they like, well, we got family night. Come down there. I'm like, what? I come down there like, they like, ah, man, you ain't coming down there. You scared what I'm scared for. So they basically challenged me to Uhoh to come back to the gym. So I come down there, he getting out the rent. He had already sparred. I was mad. I'm like, man, I come all the way down here. And he already getting out the gym. I didn't see him fighting or nothing. They like, well come back to the gym. So I come back to the gym, I'm like, all right, let's spar and me's all right.


Bye. You know, when you gotta do. I'm like, oh man, here We go again. Here we Go. Here We go. But I'm older now, so I'm like, all right. So then I started training and I been back ever since. Did you, did you take back over the gym? O old boy drop you? Of course. No, he didn't drop nothing. He knocked the wind outta me. He didn't drop that. But we always compete. Right. And, You know, that, that, that definitely took me to the next level. Your story is very unique because you grew up in a very matriarchal mom, grandma, aunt, sister. What was that? What was that like? Because you said a lot of you, you believe a lot of your trouble stemmed from not having your father there not having that dominant male figure for the time being until the boxing coaches came into your life.


So what was it like? So your mom, I mean, normally, sometimes, You know, like you said, You know, you do it, it's something about a father's voice that, that sternness, that firmness that You know, that you're like, okay, he mean business. Oh mom, you play, I I I'm gonna go and do what I want to do. I I don't Believe you. No, my mom was tough. What? She, man I used to get whooped all the talk, You know what I mean? My mom wasn't having it, You know. But the thing is, it was hard because I didn't have no brothers. Oh. You know, I had older cousins, but I didn't have no brothers. So, in the household with just you and your two sisters and your mom at work and your sisters really don't like you, they really ain't messing with you.


And it's like you just sitting there like, man, what I gonna do? Like Right. You know, every time I go in there, I'm getting beat up because they don't want me in their room. I can't say nothing to 'em. 'cause they think I'm bothering them when I'm really bored. Right. You know what I mean? I, I'm trying to talk to somebody. Talk Yeah. Music. Want somebody to have a Conversation. So it's just like, all right man, I'm leaving the house. Right. So then it got to the point where I started leaving the house. My mom asking, where you at? And I'm, I'm, I'm at the fishing pond. I'm fishing or Right. I'm getting in trouble. I'm shooting pavilions up with BB guns and things like that. Getting in trouble. And, You know, that's when the trouble started.


Discover the life-changing benefits of Meow Greens for your cat. Ever see your cat slowing down or having health issues and wonder what can I do to make them better? Well my friend add Meow Greens to your cat's food for 90 days. And I guarantee you'll see changes that will amaze you. Greetings, I'm naturopathic Dr. Dennis Black Invent of Meow Greens and I invite you to take the Meow Greens 90 Day Challenge. In the first 30 days, you'll see shinier coats and increased energy. By day 60, your cat will have a stronger immune system, less shedding improved joint function, all due to the live nutrients that you've added to their diet. And at 90 days, they're gonna have better digestion, reduced inflammation, improved heart health, and you may even have reduced their cancer risk. Fetch a free jumpstart trial bag for your cat today. Go to try meow greens.com. Use promo code. Try meow. That's try MEOW You discover the shipping. You don't have to change your cat's food. To improve your cat's health. Just add a packet of Meow Greens,


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So As draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered Before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and free agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Transitioning from me just sitting in the house to me, Ben, I saw it right. You say your dad was in the military. How often did you see your dad? My dad used to come like probably once, twice a year. 'cause he'd be out to sea for like six months. Wow. So he was in the Navy. Yeah. Do that also shaped you? I used to flip out when you see man when he leave. Oh. So, 'cause it is crazy. 'cause my dad, like when he used to come home, he used to be home for like five days. That's It. Man. You gone for like six months and Home for five days. I figured at at least two weeks. 'cause he lived in Virginia. Oh, okay. You know, so he lived in Virginia and we lived in Omaha.


So I used to flip out, it used to be so bad where they used to take me outta school to go send my dad off. 'cause I flip out. Right. You know? Did you ever want to go with him? Did you ever wanna go back to Virginia with him? Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Your mom said no. Nah, she ain't about to send her her kids out there. So we actually did go, me and my sister. Okay. You know, my mom was like, all right, forget it. You know, here TT and Bud. Y'all wanna go out there so bad. My other just, she don't care. She don't care about none of that. So we go out there and they had a hurricane. It was bad. Wow. You know what I mean? Tore up the trees and stuff.


We didn't have no lights. No, no, no, no water, no nothing for like, man, two weeks. But it lasted for like a month. Wow. And that two weeks, my mom was like, man, send my motherfucking kids back home. So then we, we moved back home. Right. We ain't ever go back to Virginia. Do you Think you would've become the Bud that we see here today? Had your father been in your life? Because it seemed like a lot of times chaos and, and turmoil shapes us into the people. We don't see it at the time, but a lot of that, that anger and what you had, you was able to channel it. You was able to focus it and become a multi world champion. Yeah. How different do you think your life would've been had your dad been there every single day?


How, how I think my life would be. Yeah. How different would your life have been now? Definitely different. You know, I, I definitely think I'll still be, You'd still be a workshop, But I think, You know what I mean, I'd be more successful. Like Really? Yeah. Yeah. Like my dad was like way different. Really? Yeah. Like, I think I got in more trouble being that he wasn't there because when I got to a certain age, it was like, mom, you ain't whooping me no more. You gotta put that belt down. I don't know what you raising that belt for. You know? And being that my dad never whooped me. Right. You know, he always talked to me and gave me a solution. Oh, okay.


You know, like att why you doing that? Right. You know, I mean he always wanted to know why. Right. My mom, she didn't care. She was just like, oh, so you wanna do this? You right. Why, why, Why? Oh, you Think you were man. Huh? Why? Why? So it then got to the point where I go to school. You say something I don't like. Damn Bud. 'cause that's what I was taught as a kid. Right. You know, if I said something that my mom didn't like, I was getting my ass whooped. Right. If I did something that my mom didn't like, I was getting my ass whoop. Right. You know what I mean? So every time it was something negative, I was getting my ass whooped. So I carried that on in my life when I was with my peers. Right.


What? Say something. Oh really? Because that's all I knew. Right. Did did you feel your mom, did you feel like it was excessive? Did you feel your mom sometimes whoop you for no reason? Because you said that sometimes you would just say stuff and it boom. If you did something boom, you like, damn mom, I can't do any, do you feel like you can't do anything? Right? No. No. You felt you deserved every ask. Whoop whoop you. No, hell no. Hell, it was a lot of times that I ain't do shit. My mom be like, oh, I know your ass was gonna do something. You know what I mean? But the crazy thing about it is I'm a mama's boy. Right. You know? And my mom like, used to shield me from everybody.


Like, nah, he ain't going nowhere. Like he, he, he can't go. Right. But like, why? But like, nah, because everybody was like, I was bad. So she would always be like, nah, you gonna stay here. You know? 'cause my mom prayed for me. She used to always say, I always prayed for, 'cause my, my two sisters is light skinned. I always prayed for a black son. I want the black son. You know, my dad, my dad light skinned and my two sisters light skinned. I'm her black son. Right. So she always like me and my mom was like, like this, like that. But when my mom and my dad started getting into it, that's when she, you look like your dad. You just black. I mean, so it's like my dad give me in trouble.


You know what I mean? So, You know what I mean? But my mom, that was my, that's my heart. That's My Right. When you were growing up, did your mom tell you she loved you? Did she hug you? Nah, nah. She ain't, she ain't, she ain't all that. She ain't all that that love and all that stuff. Nah, it was tough love When you had a roof over your head, you had food that close. That's love. Yeah. So yeah. Ain't no, ain't no love. She been through, I, I asked her, I'm like, man, what's up with what? Why you don't ever tell me love? She just said, man, I don't like that word. She like, I been through a lot and in my life and You know what I mean? Love, love hurts. Do you remember the first time she told you she's proud of you?


It was, when I been grown it was probably like 2017, 18. Damn Bud. That's, Hey, no, for real. Like she, she, my mom is not affectionate. Okay. You know what I mean? So she not about to be, oh I love you. Right. Kiss Hugging you and stuff like that. Nah, she ain't all right. You do something. All right. I see You know about it. Did that motivate you? Of course. Because a lot of times people, a lot of times we want that. We want the person that validation from the person that we respect and love the most. We just want to hear one time, I'm proud of you.


Damn. I love you. Yeah. You doing good. Is that what you sought from your mom? Of course, Of course. Everything that I did, like when I start doing writing in school and not getting kicked out, she like, by time like, damn, damn. Like my sisters, they get put on this pedestal. Right. You know what I mean? She made the honor roll and this alright, mama got ass and bs you in an alternative school. I'm like, God damn. You know what I mean? You supposed to, I have good, Good grade, good grade. Right. So yeah. But for sure man, like I used to, I used to get into it with my mom would be like, one day I'm gonna be champion of the world.


Watch, watch. What, what, what? When you told her that, what did she say? You Ain't gonna be shit. See she be like, yeah, yeah. You gonna be just like your daddy. So, so, but, but the one thing that I noticed, like when I come home, You know, and I had that belt right on my, on my shoulders. You know, she'll, she'll had that belt and she'll be telling everybody, look what my son want. Wow. Look what my son want. She never told you but she told everybody else. She told through her actions how proud she was of you. Yeah. But I wanted to You wanted her to hear you. I wanted tell me. Yeah, yeah. Don't, don't, don't, don't floss my belt.


You know what I mean? Come and come and praise me. Right. You know, so I just looked at it like, You know, my mom love me like wholeheartedly. Right. She just used that reverse psychiatrist to prove her wrong. Right. Because she knew that's what I needed to be successful. I read that your mom used to pay the kids in the neighborhood to beat you up. She tried to, They couldn't do it To try because like I said, it was a neighborhood full of kids. Right. So we all be outside, You know, boxing and putting the gloves on just like any typical neighborhood. And my mom knew that I was one of them tough kids. Right. So she, hey, if you can whoop 'em, I give you $5.


You know what I mean? Anybody get paid, Ain't nobody whoop me. You know what I mean? Because she just knew her son was was tough. Right. Coming from a boxing family, she wanted to challenge her, You know. So she'd be like, Hey, come here. I give you $5, you can whoop him. And that made 'em fight harder. Yeah. So Were any kids, were the kids bigger than you? Were they older than you or were they about your age? Both. No, I had kids that was older than me, bigger than me. You know what I mean? My age, it didn't matter. It didn't, when you a kid, you, you just throw the gloves on and you just go. Right. So now all of a sudden you make that decision.


Okay. You say, You know what? You've given up the other sports, football, basketball, boxing's gonna be your thing. Do you remember your first, your first fight? Do you remember getting in the ring the first time? Whether it's a golden gloves or whatever the case may be, the amateur fight. Do you remember getting into that ring the first time? And what was going through your mind? Nothing. I was so, I was so like You that lockhead, I had confidence. I won the first tournament that I came to, came back to and I was a ringside national. Wow. I won that whole tournament and I had just came back in 2002. Right. Wow. So now, okay, boxing is it?


Yeah. What? Because once you got that adrenaline high, you won the whole tournament. It's over. Ain't no turning back now Bud. So now you put, shift all your focus into boxing, you said this is what I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be a prize fighter. I'm gonna be a professional fighter. Not yet. Not yet. Okay. Not Yet. I always said I was gonna be a world champion, but my mind wasn't there yet. Okay. You know, I lost in, in a silver glove nationals and I lost to Michael Dallas Jr. And I remember me trying to, trying to fight him. Yeah. And he just out boxing me and I'm like, man, stop running. Stop, stop running. Like I wanna fight.


And then he fought Rashid Warren the next day and he lost. And Rashid Warren, like everybody was around the ring and they was just going blow for blow and Rashid hitting him with all these hooks. And I'm like, man, damn. That nigga would've fucked me up. Like so. So right there and there I'm like, man, I gotta get better. So seeing all the, the talent in the tournament, I'm like, man, I gotta get better. So I go to the gym and I just train, train, train. And cindo, You know, he had just beat Danny Garcia. Okay. You know, Danny Garcia stormed the stormed the ring and every tournament, Danny be like, where your boy at?


Where your boy at? You know, when we got a little older, but I was just like, I gotta get better. So every day I'm competing with him. Right. You know, because Danny was a top amateur too. I'm competing with him. He running, I'm running, he doing pushups, I'm doing pushups, he doing pullups, I'm doing pullups. So I'm competing and I'm traveling the world and I'm like, man, I can, I can make something outta this because I'm hanging in there with these top kids from around the world. World. Correct. Boom. I get in a fight. I had to ask Sergio on my hand, oh Look, not of the boxing match. A street fight outside of the ring Ain't score. Okay.


So boom. And that just stopped me. And they was like, man, you can't, you can't box and for some months you gotta wait till your hand here. And I'm like, man, nah, I can't do it. So at that time I was already going southpaw. Right. But my left wasn't that strong. Right. I was just going in because it just came natural to me. So I was just like working on your left. So you're not a natural southpaw. No. You taught yourself. Right. So I was just like, this is, this is your weakness, You know, making a strength. So I just started working on it. And then I've been in focus ever since. You had, I wanna know when did you realize, because sitting here talking to you, and we talked in the ring earlier that it seemed like you had a temper.


Right? And the one thing you can't have if you're a professional fighter is a temper because you can't get outside of yourself. How did you learn how to control that? How do you learn how to focus and says, okay, yeah, I'm upset, but let me channel this aggression. Let me use it for what I know it can be beneficial for me. Oh man, I, I don't know. Like my temper was so bad. I used to have to see like psychiatrists and shrinks and stuff like that. Damn Bud. I used to, I used to flip out man. I was, it was, it was worse. It was, I got kicked off the USA team.


I was, I having fights and overseas and stuff against other teammates and getting into it with my teammates and stuff like that. It was just, I don't know, I was just a normal nonsense type of guy. Right. I just didn't care. Like, You know, I honestly think when I had my first son, You know, that changed my life and I started looking at life different because You know you had something to live for. Yeah. There you go. I had something to live for and I, I stopped not, not caring. Right. I started caring a little bit because I, I looked at my dad and my situation like I gotta be there for him because my dad wasn't there for me.


So that's when I, when I sat down and told myself, man, you gotta control yourself. My uncle's a pastor. So he just put it in perspective of God got something bigger, bigger and better for you. You know, you got a bright future so you got two ways you can go. You can go the right way Or you can go the left way. Right. And he just gave me an option. I was just like, I was sitting there and I was just mad and I was just like, man, fuck. And then I was just like, man, all right. I started going to church a little more and then I started fighting but I wasn't fighting that much.


So I was really getting down on myself. 'cause I'm like, man, man, I'm not getting no fights. Like I gotta go back in the streets. I gotta hustle. I'm like, man, what I'm gonna do? You know what I mean? I'm like, man, I told Bo and I said man, I'm about to quit boxing. I was like, man, boxing ain't, ain't paying, Ain't put no bid, ain't put no food on you doing nothing. Yeah. And it's like, God just started making things happen. I went to training camp with Tim Bradley. Wow. You know, and that's the start of everything. I sparked Tim Bradley and he like, man you ain't no s sparring partner. I'm laughing. And he was like, man is he looking at me like, no, no real talk. You can, you not a spar you a world champion.


Wow. Like you a world champion. And I'm like, I'm like ba I just wanna fight. Right. He like, so they not giving me no fights. When the last time I said, man, I don't even fought like two times and fought two years. I'm like, I probably fought two, four times in four, two years. Wow. And they was four rounders. So I'm really not making no money fighting for pennies and the stuff like that. And I'm like, man, I can't be training boxing and You know, not making no money. Yeah. Not making no money. You gotta make Sense. Yeah. So it was just like I told Bo, man I'm about to quit. So they called Bo, he sent me down there, talked to Tim.


Tim called our manager up and he like, what y'all gonna do with him? He was like, 'cause I'll buy him outta this contract right now. He was like, y'all don't know what y'all sitting on. Y'all sitting on this, this, this, this dude and this dude is is is cold. Right. So Cameron was like, don't nobody wanna fight him and he can't get no fights and this and that and that and this. And so I went down to California. I was supposed to fight on a Golden Boys show they was going to sign me. The guy comes to the, to the way in say man that's Terrance Crawford. I know him, I know him from the amateurs.


He was ranked number one. I'm not fighting him damn straight like that. I done made weight and everything. I'm at 1 35. And I'm like, man, he like, I'm not fighting. He left. He left. So I'm stuck with no opponent. They didn't gimme no money. So the guy at one 40, they had s this guy. Right. So they had all this little money in him and his opponent didn't even show up. So he's undefeated but he fight at one 40. I'm undefeated, I fight at 1 35. I go to Goldman's and I'm like, hey put us, let us fight. I, I'll fight him. You know what I mean? I fight him and he like, nah, nah, nah, nah no.


I'm like whoever win, get the money, get to sign you, you sign him. Okay. He already signed with you but if I win, you sign me and if he lose you cut him. Right. They like, no, we got too much money in him. And I'm like all right, cool. You know what I mean, send me home. I don't even wanna watch the fight. Send me home. So they send me home. That's how I got with Ty. You know Ty gave me the opportunity and it's been up ever since. Wow. You know when you, we were talking in the ring early today. Why people don't tussle no more. You know, back in the day people just know, hey you took ass whipping. You took ass whipping. Nah, ain't nobody tried to take no ass whipping. They gonna let them things off on You. You know why, why social media Really, You know, back in the days if he wasn't there, You ain't know.


You get somebody who, who lost. Yeah. You a person could be like, man, I whooped him. He was bleeding. I Lying his ass off Man, he was bleeding but he whooped you. You got one good head. But well now, You know, social media then, then came to a point where it humiliate a person forever. Yeah. Yeah. You know, they always can bring up that man, baby Liz, remember, remember You got you are mean forever. Mean, You know, and can't nobody just take a L no more. Don't nobody want to take a L. Right. So they ain't even worried about even the thought of them fighting on the streets no more. Right. Like, man, I'm about to shoot you, You know, you got kids that's like 11 years old carrying guns, talking about man, my ops.


I'm like, bro, you supposed to be in school. Yeah. You know? And what make it so bad, they going knock you off and they going to go to this little juvenile detention center. They going to get out and they gonna be like, Hey man, I caught a body when I was 11. Hmm. And they, they sky free because they not programmed they mind. Right. Their brain is not developed enough to to to give them life, You know, and they only doing what they see and they hear and what they told to do. So they following behind these, these young adults that's having these parents, I mean these kids at a young age that don't talk to my kids like that.


Right. Don't say that to my kid. Don't correct my kids. Because them not your kids. Yes. So they let their kids just do whatever they want, You know, because they did whatever they want. Right. And then that's how the society, You know. Yeah. 'cause when I was growing up, the community, because You know, hey, it didn't have to be a relative. You acting up somebody that was older than you could tear your tail up. Oh, I and, and then go home and tell your grandma, your mom and you get another beating now. Exactly what you said, don't talk to my child. You not his that I said, okay, you don't want me to correct him. There's somebody there, there's a place that they'll send him that he'll be get corrected. There's no respect. When you look at today's world, the older people is kind of scared of the younger people.


Yeah. Because the younger people is trying to make a name for theyself. You know, they, it's not no. Oh let me respect my elders. Yeah. It's like, man, if you don't get your old ass outta here though, That's exactly that. Lay You down. You know? And, and it wasn't like that back in the days. Right. It was like, Hey man, chill out man. Alright. Alright. You mentioned that all the things that you went through and that you talked to people about the anger issues and the trauma. What would be some of the advice, Bud, if you, if somebody was had, was going through something very similar to what Bud Crawford grew, grew up in an environment and, and what he had to deal with, what would some of the advice you would partake on these? I just tell him, You know, always be positive and you need, you need the right role models to look up to, You know, and the people that's gonna come down and grab you by the wing and You know, show you, show you the ropes, You know, I think those people is very important because I had my coaches, I had my uncles and things like that.


If I didn't have certain individuals in my life, I don't know how my life would've turned out. Right. So I'll just tell 'em, You know, stay positive and pick and choose who you hang out with and who you allow your kids to be around. You know. Is it true that you didn't want to, you didn't wanna fight in the Olympics? Never. Why? Because I, that never was my dream. You know, I always wanted to be a world champion. Right. You know, I never wanted to be a Olympic gold medalist. You know, I wanted to be, And a lot of people, it's the other way around. A lot of people like I wanna be a gold medalist. And then they parlay that. You look at Sugar Ray and you look at Ali and you look at Frazier, you look at Foreman and you look at a lot of, You know, mark Breland, the 84 team, I don't know how closely you follow that was the greatest boxing team ever assembled.


Mildred Taylor and Sweet Pea Whitaker and all those guys. So I that's odd that you said that. I'm a leader, not a follower, so I never want to be like nobody else. Right. I wanted to be a world champion. Right. I wanted to go make money. You know, when I, when I look at, You know, the Olympics, you get a what? A couple of hundred thousand if that, when you look at, I always envisioned, but I was wrong. If you on tv, you making all this money and all this and it ain't true. Huh? It wasn't true, You know, but when I got to a certain level, then I started making the money, the type of money that I thought you dreamed I would be making.


But I always thought being on TV got your paid. Yeah, yeah. Got your paid. But it wasn't true because when I was coming up, I was mad because I seen all the people that graduated from the amateurs into the pro ranks was all on tv. Danny Garcia, Danny Jacobs, You know what I mean? All these, all these fighters, You know, getting asan. And I'm like, man, these people can't, even, even people that wasn't even close to on my level, I'm like, man, this dude how you get on TV and this dude, they ain't even close. Look at this dude. Like, I will be so like frustrated that my career wasn't going away.


You going away. Yeah. And I, I always put in the work, You know, it don't matter what it anybody can tell you, I'll be in the streets with the homies and I be like, alright y'all, I gotta go. I'm riding my bike to the gym. Wow. Or I'm getting a ride to the gym. I always made it to the gym no matter what. I don't care what we was doing, You know, I always made it to the gym. That's why I always said, I always put it in the work, but I didn't see the results until God said, it is time for you to see the results. You know, so it, it was tough. Like I never wanted to be a Olympic gold medalist. I want to be a, a world champion to make money, money.


Explain this to me. You undefeated as a pro. You had 12 losses in amateurs. How the hell did that happen? Man, amateurs is amateurs. Anything can happen. You know, I lost my first two fights, You know, when I was a little kid then, You know, losing in national tournaments and things like that, it happens. Losing not been in shape, losing fights that, You know what I mean? Because you from Omaha, Nebraska, and this guy from bigger city by one point lose one point here, one point down, don't You know, it's politics. Politics plays a big factor in in, in by amateur boxing.


Why didn't you become frustrated and give up? I wanted to, You know, but my coaches, like I said, they kept me motivated. You know, Bo used to tell me, man, hey bro, man, just, just keep crying. It is gonna get greater later. You know, don't, don't, don't give up. You know, and me having the faith and the belief in them, You know, and in the process I just kept going. You wanted to fight Mandi Pac, I Think you were like 27, 28 when you won to fight Pac. Why did, why didn't that fight happen? I don't, man, I hear so many excuses, like they didn't want it, but Freddy Roach on the record saying he didn't want Pacquiao to fight for one.


And I just think top rank wanted to protect Pacquiao because of the money issue. You know, that was their cash cow and You know, okay, But hell, you could've been their cash cow. Listen, they don't think like that, You know, so they didn't, they didn't want to mess up the money that they was getting right from Pacquiao at the time. So other other reasons, I don't know What way were you go, they was gonna fight at one 40. One 40, yeah, One 40. So I fought Dairy Jean and they said, You know, that was the marketing tool. Crawford beat Jerry Dairy Jean, he's gonna, You know, potentially fight Manny Pacquiao dairy Jean was one of Pacquiao's s sparring partners.


I stopped Jerry Jean that's like, ah, nah, I don't know if we wanna fight him. So I had to move on. Do you believe you'd have been, had you fought Packy, y'all done what you done, done what you thought you think or know you could have done? Do you think that would've sped up the process of Bud Crawford being in the position that he's in currently? Of course, of course. Like I said before, You know, I didn't have the Manny Quia, Miguel Koto, sugar Shane Mosley, and those guys that was marquis names in the sport of boxing to pass the torch.


Nobody passed the torch to Terrance Crawford. You took it, huh? Right. When you look at, when you, when you look at my career, I paved my own way. I didn't piggyback off of any fighter. You know, I fought my way up to the top. When you look at, You know, any, any fighter from Floyd Mayweather to any of 'em. When Floyd fought De La Hoya, You know, that was a whole big thing. He wanted to fight De La Hoya, but Top Rank didn't want give him De la Hoya really. And initially, but when they met up, You know, Floyd was the B side and, You know, he beat De la Hoya and then he started rising to the top.


This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted, and you can access it to whichever pla podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Shehe profile and I'll see you there.


Discover the life changing benefits of Meow Greens for your cat. Ever see your cat slowing down or having health issues and wonder what can I do to make them better? Well, my friend, add Meow Greens to your cat's food for 90 days And I guarantee you'll see changes that will amaze you. Greetings, I'm naturopathic Dr. Dennis Black invent of Meow Greens and I invite you to take the Meow Greens 90 Day Challenge. In the first 30 days, you'll see shinier coats and increased energy. By day 60, your cat will have a stronger immune system, less shedding improved joint function, all due to the live nutrients that you've added to their diet. And at 90 days, they're gonna have better digestion, reduced inflammation, improved heart health, and you may even have reduced their cancer risk. Fetch you free Jumpstart trial bag for your cat today, go to try meow greens.com. Use promo code, try meow. That's try MEOW You discover the shipping. You don't have to change your cat's food. To improve your cat's health, just add a packet of Meow Greens,


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you at last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered Before your favorite team goes on the clock, we'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.