
Oh Tasty high note. Oh hi. Don't mind me. I'm practicing my new baritone sacks. I just heard PayPal's paying for people's stuff every day for a hundred days and there's 10 million up for grabs. All you have to do is use PayPal checkout online. So there's never been a better time to buy a few things off the old wishlist. Like this, leafblower PayPal could pay for your purchase. The great PayPal checkout, No purchase necessary end July 18th. The official rules at PayPal dot com slash the great PayPal checkout slash terms participating merchants only must use PayPal checkout online coverage of up to $100 in eligible purchases per cart.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


It's nostalgia overload as Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez welcome another amigo to their podcast Do Amigos Wilmer's Friend and former that 70 show Castmate Topher Grace stops by the speakeasy for a two part interview to discuss his career and reminisce about old times. We were still in that place of like what will this experience become? And you go, you're having the best time. Yeah, but it was like such a perfect golden time. Listen to do Amigos on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up federation? It's Freddie Prince Jr. And wrestling with Freddie is back and we're going all in on WrestleMania 41 from the unpredictable to jaw dropping finishes. This year's mania might have just changed everything by the way. Almost all the matches that we saw looked like real fights. I thought like they were like, yo, we're going hard today. Tomorrow we're gonna hurt but we're going hard today. Yeah because it was like beast mode times 10 out there. Listen to this episode of wrestling with Freddie on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. All right man. We back the episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Same gang with me to my left. We got my dog Bishop B. He out the how you what? Nasty. What's happening baby to it. Come on man. We got you working on the Lord that normally, You know what I'm saying? You in the pulpit right now. Nah, for sure. And my party is today so it's all good. You know, turn me up. We don't do that. We don't do the same. Hey have you seen your senior compilation? No. You gotta show me that 'cause I be spitting on this motherfucker Paul. Damn it was Sunday man. I went to the gym this morning. Y'all niggas wasn't there so it don't matter.


I be spitting on that ball sot you ain't go church the gym. Yeah we don't. That's insane. Do the same drugs no more talking about Right. My dog Young nacho young tea. How you, what You know I went to the gym. I still got my gym sneak over man. I forgot my other shoes at the crib and my boy got the Starbucks boy acting different. This because we don't do the same drugs. What is that? What It's a drink. It was a medicine ball but Oh that's a top tier. Starbucks I got beverage. Yeah That's the, that's what you go to. I thought ain't that the one you get when you sick? Yeah, All purpose. I was a little under the weather. Yeah. All purpose dj. If you got the beat that's like the BC powder of the morning. You know what I'm saying? You on your way to work, shit.


Little spooky fire that up. That medicine won get you right. This ain't the ad but tap in by the way you got the compilation loaded up Mel. Yeah, play. It is. That's kind of funny though Bro. Like this. I say any top teams start singing with the A DH adhd. You know it's gonna be a far episode. Hey I really do got that though. And I turn that off man. I ain't gonna lie. I, I had this bad habit since I was a kid bro. Like it's videos. My mom sent me videos when I was younger like at the skating ring and I just break out doing the mc hammer out nowhere.


She like j do it again. Hammer, hammer. I just start ah You was a nigga that they mom used to make dance from they friends. Yeah they used to be like he crazy and I grew up knowing every song like I know every song now. Like I could just randomly like don't Worry I'm gonna put you on Wallow up to attest about, I mean he knows some jail songs shit like You know what I mean? His different man ain't had nothing else to do with that motherfucker. You ain't go bar bar. But like I just listened to random shit so my mom got this same shit. I guess y'all wanna call it singing Tourettes 'cause my mom do the same shit and she'll be cooking or just talking to randomly somebody will say like them collard green, she be like collar greens and corn bread.


You be like what the hell? I don't know. It just in our family And since we here. Yeah nigga You see the Turkey meat nigga listen he's a witness. Yes. This ka ass nigga. This is how this is. How y'all know? He don't know shit about food. No, This Turkey hem that he's proclaiming that he eats every Thanksgiving is just a regular that's Not what one We eat Turkey leg Y'all. No that's not what we eat. That Is it. And it Wait a minute, I'm swear. Swear God and Mike is dressed Up. No that's not what we eat. Whoa, Why would he send me That? I sent you that 'cause it had pineapples on it nigga. That's what I was sending it to you for. But that's not the one we eat but the nigga a good video. What would the nigga say in the video?


This shit tastes like hell he did nigga and it I'm just telling You I didn't make it to that point. Yeah it's possible nigga About this. Y'all can't see Malcolm pulled up lunch meat and Making so much fun. Get this nigga up like get your, this niggas pulling up fucking Nigga pulled up the deli Ham Me That nigga pulling this shit. My mom used to make my sandwiches when I was little. Say me boy you was poor porking buddy. What's worse nigga eating bologna or that? Oh Bologna is buy some tears now If you fry a bologna. Oh no. Come on yo.


I'm not. You fry and let it pump up a little bit. Man I never like bologna my whole life. Never once it called you definitely cut it but then you put You know whatever kind of cheese you like on it. I'm never Look, I'm never like bologna respect to everybody who had to eat those meals. I was not one of those people but I oh Mean y niggas eat hot dogs. I not, I never, I never ate hot, hot dog a very long time. I hot dogs. No I didn't. I that's what I'm saying. You asked my aunty bro I never like hot dogs. I ain't never like hot dogs. I ain't never liked bologna now ham, I'll fuck some ham up bacon. I used to like that. You had a ballpark before Josh. I probably, yeah but I ain't like him. I ain't never like I was always a burger nigga at the barbecue. Yeah You know me too. We too, I prefer burgers at the hotel for sure.


But I mean everybody had a ballpark before. It's cool. Yeah Nigga, my nigga little shout to my nigga Lou, I love you to death brother. His uncle we had a barbecue. That nigga said boy you ever ate, you ever ate some shoulder, some barbecue shoulder? What the fuck shoulder Smoke Nigga Smoke Man You know it's crazy when you should live together bro. He used to make nick bones on Thursdays man. Yes bro. Bones is nasty. No They not bro. Neck, bones, shoulders. Nick bones is nasty. Only thing I don't eat is the little chicken feet I don't fuck with Cool bro. Giz are against my religion so is what they call them Damn K wise? No not eating those either. I'm not eating nothing like that.


I was, I was KY food. Yeah Niggas eating Chis Up until I was like seven. I'm cool bro. I was K food Seven. The only thing that I'm gonna eat on a consistent basis that soul food is collard greens. Mm. And y'all know that everywhere we go I'm gonna always get some collard greens. That is true. That's your for sure. I wanna say how y'all felt about this. Obviously it's about to get warmer stuff, You know what I'm saying? Picnics, cookouts, all that stuff. Do y'all feel like kids, You know what I'm saying, should be restricted because I've been seeing this from the time my last couple weeks they was like growing up as a kid at the cookout. Did you get to have like the steaks and the ribs? They was just like nah we got delegated to the hamburger hot dogs and other people just like nigga we didn't have to get put down like that if it was food available we got to eat it. And some people was like nah you couldn't have that shit at they cook out One food. Ain't never told me I couldn't get no red.


Never. Nah that was, that was like all the food that was made was Yeah. Yeah we ain't really had no steak in filet and all that shit At my shit. Getting in trouble for eating that's food for everybody is crazy. Yeah they Said nah the hamburgers hot do for the kids. This this chicken breast in this steak and these ribs is for the adults so they're gonna waste it. Nah, that wasn't so I couldn't relate. Nah I can't relate either. I couldn't but I mean kids now don't even be eating brisket and You know lamb chops and shoulders. Mines do but You know kids probably gonna go for the hot dogs and hamburgers Nigga. I ain't lamb chops. They just made that shit up. Them shit's one. Them shit's just new bro. Lamb Chops ain't been here that long bro.


Nah, I'm just when they got pop. No I'm saying You know what I mean For real. It's some shit that we just start making up bro. Yeah it got, I I told people like for real, for real like seafood boys that that kind of got pumped like around pandemic, like pandemic seafood. Boy it got, it got pumped Because why are Teen Rows requesting a a crab boy you out of pocket? Yeah like yeah My kids do eat all that shit but they was born around that time. I ain't gonna lie. When I seen O Ryan eat one of them I was like nigga you, you different bro. Niggas don't eat this where I grew up. Like Because I ate seafood as a kid. Nigga Was like dip it. I'm like that shit look kind of like sensitive. I don't, then I start eating about said bitch down. Shit. You eat the whole boil though?


Nah, I except eggs. I eat, I don't eat none of the potatoes, none of that shit. Eggs is milk. I just eat the the what's the crab eggs? Mm and the shrimp. Yeah you, you get a kid meal, you gotta get the sauce shit nigga I have eight of them bitches. I have eight clusters nigga. The potatoes and corn be pressure now the egg. I don't, I don't like potatoes. Oh boy You gotta, you gotta bite that egg bro. Ah bro. I'm skipping bro. Bite The egg. Dip it bro. I'm cool. Dip That egg bro. Make dipping the egg is insane. Yeah bro. That's all. Speak far bro. I'm just asleep bro. I like eggs and most other stuff. I'm cool. I don't like eggs at all. Damn, you don't eat eggs. That's true. Look At don't eat nothing.


I Ate a egg. I'm bro out my sister to my sister talk Bro. Sister food talk tale. Shout to my sister star. Hey she gave me an egg without like five for $5. IT ate 1 cents. Shit was terrible. A hard boiled egg or like a scramble. I scramble eggs. She's like I'll give you $5 to eat these scramble eggs. Man I ate that shit. Damn. Lost my mind. That's crazy. Damn shit. Nasty shit. Little salt. That bitch fight heat. What I do for a boy kind shit is this man. Gimme what you Man shit For this bald put real put that bald on your back.


What's that Nigga? The rapper with the fake chain. Brian He Yeah used To make the, I think damn we can't joke about it. Fuck Man. I mean it's what It's now my, my head goes huh Motherfucker it's already out there. Shit. What y'all want us to do now? It look like it exists. Fuck. Well I don't a fuck. Well You know it's hard. I Don't give for pimp. Well what you got When you, when You try Get this money for the ramp? Oh she got the money for the ramp. Got a whole lot of niggas shit.


You know what's crazy, that song like an award. I know bro. Get another writing credit for. Oh damn. Terrance Howard was pissed about that. He's a high perform. Terrance Howard got a podcast coming up. He said he expose everything. Oh and I can't wait. I'll be the first one to subscribe. He's been outside like Dr. Umar, he has not been in any building. Got too much money to not be inside Mind Motherfucker in Nigeria. So they gonna come get, He said ain't mind I'm not even trying to take my money mine. And he told me, he said I'm gonna tell the truth and anybody comes from me you better be prepared to die for it. I'm like damn bro it's just a po. Like what the fuck are you about to say? So serious. Some shit digs wanted me man. I said damn y'all Know Terrance that been around every actor in the world.


Hold on. Did y Every entertainer. That's a fact. Rappers. Rappers. So that niggas got, I was scared. I don't even know the, he got the stories but he ain't left character from hustling Flow. That's why I'm scared. Nah, but he a real, he a real one. I ain't even call him a nigga. I'm just say he a real one 'cause Yeah I know I told you that story a bunch of times when he told me to buy that land all them downtown Atlanta. Oh yeah? Yeah. When he came to me he was like, hey gimme a million dollar can buy that land. He did that shit. So that's why he, he ain't tripping. He got some money but he don't know about. Oh yeah, was sitting on some Ms. Yeah. Oh he said yeah and his catalog not weak at all. Yeah, Terrance Howard's definitely an established actor for sure. Yeah, for sure, for sure. Yeah. I can't wait to see that. He got some shit to say because that set up because look at, look at his vibe right now.


Look at his fit. Yeah. What, what what you on my nigga Teach him how to Be his, he got a hoodie on with a fedora and a robe. He's prepared for whatever Will will you help me? I want hear your music so and play the music sitting. So then my assistant was like, You know he wants to hang out with you next week. And I was like for what? And I was like oh now I get it. Now I understand it now. Hands with somebody, number of producers coming and make the approach and threatened to punch them in the mouth. Threaten to knock their head off talking to you like we're looking at you.


Like you. That's crazy. Yeah please watch out for Tish house podcast. Can't wait for, I can't wait to watch either. I see Justin Bieber locked in. People say you need to get outta LA boy they fucking you up. He said no I'm gonna stay and fight the fight. Leave bro. Bro go home man you gotta fought the good fight bro. Go back to Toronto and the streets are clean man, where's your grandparents from That make you with the beginning Where your grandma stay nigga go back to Toronto bro. Man Thisor shout to him getting drafted man. First and foremost man, Cleveland Browns fifth round. That is probably one of the most bizarre, craziest things I've ever seen in sports in a very long time period.


But before we talk about him, shout to Shiloh. I wanna say show some love for slo. I know he be getting a lot of jokes, a lot of strays. But he was a real nigga holding his brother down throughout that process man. Yeah. To see him on the extreme to keep his peers high, that was dope as fuck to see man. Yeah. Yeah. Shout, shout out to him for Loki calling his mama a gold digger too. When they played his daddy song, Him playing this song, he is really ignorant bro. Him D started dancing that song looked at him like on that stream. I said yeah Shiloh's a goat bro. I'm tapped with Shiloh. You can relate. Huh? When your kids play too much and you can't do nothing about it, it's always funny. Oh my God. Oh yeah I fuck with him now. Nah. Yeah him shout to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for picking him up man.


Yeah My boy got J House in on speed day. I said let's go turn on Shiloh. Nah, that's that's hard. That's hard. Are They with Drew Rosa house? Yeah he is for sure. Oh no. What's Shado with Shado just, I think Dion just represent him. He gonna need some help then because did you see the joke he said, he said well dad was right there representing us. He said see how that's going. I was like they play too much in the household bro. Yeah I had to sign with young money or some shit. Fuck that Wayne. I'm selling with Wayne. Fuck it. The first day nigga Shiloh was like it's your fault while we Ain't got shit Y'all sit. We probably was. He probably was. Shit. I said man this nigga shy little do his old TV show man.


Nah he's fucking out lyrics bro. But but shout out at your door though man. That's, I mean I don't know y'all, I don't know. I think it's bullshit playing with his money like that. It's crazy. I agree. Ah You know it's sometimes when you a big personality bro, some people gotta like they can't take that in the room, You know what I mean? It is like the Carmelo Anthony situation. Like how you supposed to have Melo off the bench, You know what I'm saying? Like some people just like nah we'd rather not even pick him up And it's like You know Carmelo Anthony is nice but his personality, his what he come with his aura is so big that they couldn't even fathom that Carmelo Anthony was on the end of the bench.


Same thing with Iverson. Ain't no way we say Iverson don't play 20 years in the NBA just off of gp but that's true. They personality that aura is just too big. And sometimes he a young player, his talent is, he got a arm he can throw and shit but it don't jump off the screen like you don't see shit that you make you like God damn bro I gotta have that. Like when you see Travis Hunter, you like bro he go to the basketball court, you looking at this nigga like bro you are athletic as fuck. I watched this highlights today. I'm like this nigga is just gifted. Yeah and that worked for uniform bro. That shit was crazy. Yeah I'm like bro you just a gifted athlete like Shado go hoop, we not gonna see that. He probably fuck around can't go by nobody and shit like that. No bro it's quiet so He just don't jump off the screen.


But he got a high football iq. You know he come from a football family so You know he going to train prepare himself to be good but sometimes that personality, that aura what you come with, it might just be too big for the locker room. Some people just scared to take a chance on him. I Just go back to like people like Johnny Manzel though. He was a cocaine cowboy bro. Yeah But A goddamn bro he did have crazy And he won a Heisman. He did And he was mobile. Yeah bro. But it is just, he came with so much bro like damn. So to penalize him for that fifth round is kind of insane. It is different when you come with that it's like almost like it's just being real when you white and you come with that it's like he got that I don't give a fuck like he has that he's feist need that feisty.


You don't give a damn like he's gonna come white people. Yeah that feisty shit ball feisty. You See these niggas Mike? I'm just saying that's what they look at it like B White again B white again is crazy. Why did I do that? Well they don't do it this way, they do it this way. It's just a natural like no I see what you saying. He's a hard worker at it as grit or like some type of like feistiness like even when we see Cooper flag we like damn he got swag like yeah but then if whoever on his other team they that swaggy they know like damn that nigga think he the one. Huh? Like we look at it different people. That's true And it's naturally for black people we kind of hate on each other because like you said we had said Cooper Flag got swag and then the nigga next to him doing that shit we be like oh he think he like that.


Ah he think he like it is like damn. But that's how the world look at it. And if You know as a professional athlete going into it, you gotta know the world look like that. Look at it like that you could be unapologetically you. Yeah sometimes that come with some consequences right. Yeah. Well I wouldn't even say consequences but some Letdowns this was just a let down but he got an opportunity though. I don't Think you going to start, Hell start where In Cleveland can fight for that position. No I'm not being funny. I hope that he makes it through training camp. They drafted another quarterback ahead of him too. Yeah and I mean it's a little shaky in that locker room but they have like five QBs on there. Yeah. So the first goal for him to get through training camp if he can solidify QB three. All right cool. You on a roster going forward now you got a chance but that's gonna be the first battle man.


Yeah we gotta see he make a team but nah that it is just fucked up 'cause they like to humble people 'cause he got a following like he got like a coat following like when he get to Cleveland he going to be the number one him and Miles Garrett motherfuckers going to be, That's y'all Tim Couch jersey. When that jersey drop niggas is copying, I confident off the strength that's Gonna be Wrong. Everybody's copying it don't even matter. So they know that it is like damn and it's gonna start being you can't like we want Shado push Shado in Shado, Shado Shado and even some people can't take that shit but Cleveland need it 'cause they need to try to get people to stop. Hey Deshaun Watson they try, You know what I mean?


This might be they got a lot going on worse than that. That situation, this might be the best thing for 'em. Deshaun Watson can ease out smooth and they got shado people going like Shado instead of talking about how much they hate Deshaun Watson. So if I'm D Wat I'm like hell yeah yeah turn up bro here and take all this Sean. Shout To Little Dewan too. A big Dewan. I'm sorry. Yeah little bro but But if he blocking for you damn Shado, he might be in fucking trouble. Oh damn. Nah I'm just playing. Shout to my bro. Nah I'm joking The crazy. It gonna be better when you had a Colorado. Nah, nah. People just like, but we didn't have enough tape on him but he was running for his life bro. Yeah it is like he didn't do it in SEC bro. His stats are crazy. Like if you wanna nitpick certain stuff that's fine but clearly he's talented bro.


Yeah but a lot of people were saying like the way that he went through the draft process is another reason why they said maybe some type of collusion in the situation. They basically said like he kind of just kind of blew everybody off. Like he wasn't taking an interview seriously but do any of that stuff. If they wanted to be You know, official official that was just like he just was on some like I'm code, y'all know you're gonna take me. Yeah, I know that's what I'm saying like that I'm not gonna say arrogance 'cause I wasn't there. I don't know if that's what he really did. Yeah that's what people say but just that aura he might've been like people naturally say I'm nonchalant like I don't give a fuck or I look very like I'm not interested in shit. Right. But I'd be so into shit like we'd be sitting here talking, I'll be like damn I'm fucking with that but I might look at you like I ain't got no cure in the world.


Maybe he was just like that. It's maybe his personality or whatever and people took it that way. But when you in them interviews for your life, you gotta lock in. Oh you got to put on a whole different, You know how people your mama had that telephone voice? Yeah then she talked, you gotta put that telephone voice on. It was just hard for me to believe that. 'cause who his dad is like how professional he is. Like he is Dion is Dion but I feel like he trained him like hey bro when you going in here nigga lock in and answer the questions correctly. Like I don't see him going in that motherfucker saying legendary like y'all need me type shit. I just, well he, I mean he said some of shit like if you wanna win you gonna get somebody like me like history. He said history repeats itself.


I did it here, I did it here. What's up? Yeah you gotta be like in them interviews like you gotta be so humble and just grateful that these people come yeah that these people want you on their team like, like it ain't no black. I can't defend that. Ain't no black owners in here. Like do what everybody else does Your job interview a lot. Code switch or Code switch? Lie I'm code switch nigga you don't got humble yourself. No. Once you get in there nigga be you but nigga for this what's up for this 30 minutes? They could be the most. There you go. I, I'm just so happy. Hit that Tiger Fist nigga. You see the quarterback from Ohio State? I don't even know what he said. He said like look at it, you can't have your hat backwards and shit like that bro.


With the chain bro. I'm just being real bro.


From the play games all the way to the finals, now is the time to back your favorite players in teams as they chase scorer. Ready to place your first bet? Download draft King Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download a Draftking sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resorting Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dkg.co/audio


Yo what's going on? It's Club five 20 man we just here to talk about some real stuff and listen, everything is going up. Everything is more expensive, you name it. Water, eggs, milk. It's a lot of stuff going on. The last thing you want is credit card debt. And listen, there is a better way for you man, especially to build your credit all you gotta do is tap in with chimes credit builder card. It's a secure credit card. No credit check and a minimum deposit required. But listen, it'll get you start on your financial freedom. A it is really easy to start building credit with your everyday purchases. You can make regular on time payments. It is no annual fees, interest or credit checks. I mean Chime is the way to go. chime.com With a better credit score. It gives you an opportunity to take family vacations, unexpected bills that you can take care of. You know, just make life a lot easier for you. A good score makes a big difference. All these things can help you lower interest rates in your home and your car. A good score makes a big difference. Using your chime map, you have access to 50,000 fee free ATMs across the world To your everyday purchases and on time payments. The steps towards your financial goals. And Chime secure Credit builder Visa credit card. Get started today at chime.com. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card is issued by the Bank Corp Bank NA or Strive Bank. Na SpotMe eligibility requires an overdraft limit. Apply chime checking account required to apply out of network ATM withdrawal and OTC advanced fees may apply. Timing depends on submission of payment.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree change of formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


You know we went through that process. They looking at it like yeah he ain't bro think he done want. I'm saying huh. But see like Jeff says, you have to have that ability. Play the game and change the game bro. We know how this go. See what I'm saying? You can't say that. See what I'm saying? There should be no question Can't do that. And then you got beforehand Deon saying well I know where, I know where traffic's going now him we gonna go a couple places. There's two places he can't go. And then they're like well we not, we kind of open for shop. Man don't don't test some owners bro.


They will. They be petty against some proof of point that that's the most, that's crazy. You can't say That he thanked God 12 times. That's that Cleveland Brown call though. Yeah. Now I wanted to get into this, the prank call Legendary. That's crazy bro. Said legendary one The best prank call I've ever seen in my life bro. That is, that would've been nigga day for me bro. The promo. But see the Pro and I even tried to be funny as fucked up. I wanna know how he got that number but He be fucked up because of Shado. If it was anybody else thinking y'all I'd be laughing. Yeah because y'all be like damn he killed that nigga Like but y'all man 'cause Shado didn't go that high but that shit's funny bro. That shit is diabolical bro.


So allegedly how did He get That number? So allegedly it was leaked from a kid of the Giants organization 'cause nobody has those numbers except for like You know the teams and stuff. So he said he bought a number, just a phone just for that. So basically they, I don't know how accurate it is but they backtracked it to said it's supposed to be like a child of the Giants organization who had it that leaked the number to somebody else and they got the video of them dudes in the room calling him and shit. Yeah that shit is funny as fuck. But they told me you have to wait a little longer. That is bullshit bro. My moment I went on my whole life and you niggas is playing on my phone. You know what If didn't nothing else humble him that did. The only thing that's fun, it reason it 'cause it is a good joke 'cause the circumstances that shit's funny.


I don't give a fuck. Y'all can be mad at me. It was before they did this your draft night. I'm be like no I've been pissed but nigga afterwards I'd be laughing like they killed me bro. 'cause I was geek as fuck. Yeah but like if that was anybody that was Bo Nicks, that was who? Who got drafted? The white dude Jackson? Yeah it would be some jokes bro. Y'all would've been crying some jokes but it was shado. That has real fucked up man. I ain't like that. That was day two, day three. I ain't like that bro. It was funny. It was funny. It was It. The timing was bad. The joke is itself fire. The timing Pitch four Bro. Great timing. It gets so better bro. Bro. The definition of playing in my face bro. Wait for this call for days the greatest time for every bro.


Especially when you call that phone. You know You know even supposed to have this number but you called the bat line bro. He the one this the one y'all. We here, we here. He say keep waiting. That is classic bro. That that and John Cena one or two for me. I ain't gonna lie if he would've crashed down after that, I coulda understood bro. He should. I'm at my wi end bro. Not about start calling nigga sad and I about to call niggas broke bro. He could have what You Going crazy about somebody. It ain't like the nigga approach you. You don't know who you going off on. I don't care bro. Just start tweeting. I wanna feel better. I just start tweaking. That was a good one. That was a good one bro. Make a prank call me. That was a good one bro. That is crazy. But even for you talking about the draft process like you had no smud, no nothing and they still do a super deep search and they still finicky about that stuff.


Yeah, especially with this position quarterback. You are leading a franchise. They do not have time to play with shit. Like that interview that y'all just showed and he was like if you don't wanna change the culture, if you don't want that, don't draft me. Like as a quarterback you gotta come in and people gotta want to embrace you like leader. I even as a point guard and you a young leader like these niggas is 26, 28, you 21, 22. You gotta come in and be humble and people want to play for you. Like right there. If you come in with all this swag, you already Deon Sanders son, you already got more money to have the niggas on the team. Your chain already better than everybody. So you can't come in shitting on them. Like hey if you ain't ready to fall in line nigga and get on this band, nigga don't draft me nigga who the fuck Yeah don't draft that nigga.


I don't got time for that nigga. That nigga think he the one. Yeah. You know what I mean? And it's not the NBAN. NFL's not going for none of that bullshit bro. Nah, hell nah. Nah that's crazy man. Bro he, he's humble now it's but think about it. Look at thank God God is the greatest and You know God been the greatest but this it is emphasized that He got greater this weekend. Yeah he That nigga is so I'm grateful. Grateful and I, I'm, I hope away from my heart nigga I hope he do great things 'cause that I feel like that was fucked up. What happened? Like facts, I feel like he was at least first round talent or at least second round shit. Yeah, very minimum Bro. Yeah for sure bro. I was very Surprised. Did they show buddy doing the drills, throwing the, I said who is this nigga Bro.


But You know what the counter was. They said at least he did it. You didn't do any of the drill. And I said that too though. Yeah when you shot, when you shit it on them I'm saying you wasn't going throw, I was like ugh, I don't know about that one. But You gotta do everything. The pro day was iffy. Like you gotta do everything to show that you want to be a part of this league. Like nobody bigger than the program. That's how they feel like That's true. You gotta show everybody this is what you wanna be for. Like this is my dream, this is what I wanna do. I'm willing to do whatever to be here. Yeah. Make it their ride. When you start saying don't pick me if you don't want this, they like all right, okay do it. Everybody else does. It's proven I do it everywhere. They like you ain't play nobody.


That's what they response was. He was like boy he was in the Big 12. Like was not the Jackson, you was at Jackson State. I'm just saying I ain't hating but that's the truth. Nah man, do what everybody else does than job reviews Lie. I would've lie like I'm yeah bro Cole Switch. Nah You know man I just tried to get there and work hard and I help my team win. You know, then I got to Colorado, same thing man. We just put our heads down and worked and we just trying to be the best we can be. Man. I just love playing the game of football. Like whoever, whoever picked me man, I'll be so happy. I'll come in and work my ass off. Just try to earn a starting job And I Don't even think it is necessarily Coach Switch. It's okay just to be that person on that side. Secure the bag. Yeah. You ain't, you ain't switching up your beliefs, you're not doing no weird shit.


You're not switching to the other side. No bro. You just got locking in because if you look at the, the press conference they had after drafting him. Yeah the way did they sounded, it was like yeah we, we kind of took him like he's cool. It didn't even sound like they wanted to take him in that situation. Yeah they, they showed the video of the black dude when they picked him. He was like Angry and defense to my boy man. He said he, they was tired bro. It was a long draft Day bro. But that was the most important. Pick bro. Lock in. I think I seen that was a long draft process. I've seen them clap for air. They clap with the Oregon quarterback was like yeah we saw all of it guy. They got the du it was, it's over now but he hit the Nico Harrison. Look he nigga hit the, so I said that's crazy y'all, y'all drafted the nigga.


Yeah y'all didn't have to shout. They could just, these niggas messy. They could just let him go to Tampa with Shiloh at one point. I ain't gonna hold you. I was dimmer. Like at this point I dimmer really go undrafted and just pick my own fights. We where I want to go. Yeah, pretty much. But, but shout to him man, dreams come true. He got drafted man. We all wish that so Yeah, hopefully do. Well for sure man. I wanted to ask y'all, I've seen this, this top 10 shooting guard of all time. We're not gonna go through one through four 'cause we've done that enough. But I did wanna go through five through 10. I'm gonna give you the list that they had and I'm gonna see how y'all wanna rank them. But who we need to add and vice versa to add number five that have Reggie Miller number six. Iversson number seven.


Clyde Drexler. Hmm. Number eight, Ray Allen, number nine, George Gervin and number 10 Tracy McGrady. Hmm. Now that list of people, who do we wanna put in five? Tracy, you put Teck at five? Yeah. Damn over ibo. They in Iverson. Okay. I personally would go team, I would go Iverson at five in that situation. Okay. Where Clay Thompson at? He on he, we can insert him in the list if we want to. We definitely have that Clay. Where they got James Harden at For? Yeah they got Jordan, Kobe, Wade Harden 1, 3 4.


Yeah, I knew that was it. I'm making sure they ain't have shit fucked up and keep thinking where Vince Carter at? Vince Carter's not on this list. Okay, okay. Yeah Clay's not on this list. I wish y'all think any current two guards who may want to add in this situation we could. But so far what I see here, I, I'm a little sleepy Clyde Drexel at seven. I won't be disrespectful to the Legends but shout out to the big three. But Clyde you about 10 for me. Yeah, I'm, I'm kind of sleep on the seven piece for Clyde respectfully, but Clyde does have numbers and the career so you got respected but just for me personally. Yeah, I'm gonna take Anthony Edwards. I'm just playing. But yeah, look, talk about people who career is over with.


Yeah, I don't, I don't know Vince Carter will probably be like eight for me. Yeah. And respect to George Gervin Elite. But yeah, I'm gonna take, I I'm gonna have to slide him out the top 10. I'm gonna take Vince, I'ma Vince gonna be in there for me. Yeah, I ain't gonna lie, I'm not mad at Ray Allen being in this list 'cause he deserves to be there for sure. Yeah. I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take Ray Allen over Reggie Miller a thousand percent. Yeah I know Reggie had the longevity with the same franchise but Ray Allen at his best and Reggie at his best. I'm gonna tell you Ray Allen. Damn. So which Ray Allen is at his best? Milwaukee or Seattle? Seattle. Okay. Filthy said Both. He was filthy in Seattle. Filthy.


And he had another nigga averaging 24 next to him. Lewis? Yeah, Milwaukee. He had big dog too. They had a, they had a whip nice squad where Allen gang was just more complete. Yeah. That's all Reggie. Reggie was the killer, You know what I mean? But his, his game he didn't have, couldn't handle the ball like Ray. Nah, young Ray had dunked your ass Wasn't as athletic. No Ray had a burner. You know what I'm saying that so that's just a complete game. Right. Offensively to me. Where Paul Pierce, is he a small Ford or a chew guard? They got paella small Ford. Okay. Why I ain't mad at the list. I don't Yeah, I I I'm just putting Tmac up there and I'm bumping Ray up but Me too.


I'm putting Clay Thompson up in there in the list. Clay Thompson definitely has to be in the top 10 shooting guard list. Yeah. He has four rings and he's one of the best shooter basketball in my opinion. I'm I'm gonna put them in there. Yeah, He gotta be up there. Yeah I just, I just don't think he fucking with teammate Bro. Yeah but I don't really fuck with two guards like that so Damn he don't fuck with two guard? Nah, Why not though? Because like that's a legit Position. It ain't really a real position to me. Like it is only like a couple people who really play two guard like Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant d Wade ain't a two guard James Harden not a two guard. Reggie Miller, a two guard Clay Thompson a two guard. Mitch Richmond was a two guard. Mitch Richmond run TMC.


Like Allen Iverson was not a two guard. He was a combo guard. He played point guard, he played shooting guard, he played get me the ball, I'll shoot it. He so I don't look at that. T-Mac Is a Two guard. T-Mac, two guard. Vince, Vince two guard got T you got a legit T. But I'm saying like I don't, it ain't too many like a legit two guards. Everybody else like in that lit, the top two of the top four was point guards. Hmm. And Iverson. Yeah. Now especially in today's game, that's kind of a non-existent Position. Yeah. Like Anthony Edwards has got the ball in his hand more than Yeah the PG a thousand percent. Mike Conley is running to the corner.


Yeah. Hmm. He just guards the point guard and shit. He don't even guard the point guard no more. Jay McDaniels guard the point guard. It's really positionless basketball all the way around though. Especially how these kids getting talked to do everything. So Yeah. So I just don't look at that position as a real position no more. I wanna ask you how this question is since we hear what's the hardest position of basketball. Let's try to rank 'em point Guard. Oh yeah. Point guard one, that's a percent. What's The next effort? That small forward. Okay, small four over big over five. Yeah. Okay. The five man it ain't really no more fives. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's probably why it's hard to me to play it. Why you don't gotta do nothing Shit. You do though. Everybody shoot threes like it's you watch two big mass play last night when you go get in two, that's the only big man game you gonna see.


You know dude from Houston. Other than that nobody pass the ball to the big man. The big man just run live protecting around. Yeah I know join big gotta get well soon for sure. But outside of him, yo maybe zoo ain't too many bigs. But overall as a, as a position, I could see that being third. I could see that being third. Oh yeah because power forward it ain't no such thing as a power forward no more. No your power four is your small. Nah. So if you look at a small four now it's more like KD play small four. Yeah like mostly your small fours are like secondary ball handlers and they can do pretty much everything. Like your two guards now usually like 3D three and D guys like they sit in the corner and they just play defense like KCP.


But then your small forward is if you wanna say Pablo or Franz, they secondary ball handlers, they make plays, they do everything. Hmm. But the point guard position, 'cause the point guard is so dynamic 'cause they can score so well now and they gotta go. You gotta fight through pick and roll all the time. Usually the three men they play isolation basketball. Yeah. So you'll see Jason Tate on all these dudes catching on the wing and sides you up and start trying to mix. You point guards go through pick and rolls all day. Yeah Dame coming off a screen every time down. That's why I said that was two positions prior to hardest ones. But so we going point guard small for center power forward. Yeah Power forward and shooting guard don't exist really.


So we say shoe guard is probably the most who'll say it's the easiest position to play. Yeah. I mean it depends who you label. Like that's why I'm saying like Anthony Edwards is he a shooting guard? Yeah, he's a two but he got the ball the whole game. Oh. And fancy basketball. He is sg you cannot move him anywhere else on there. So I'm gonna give him a two spot. But is he though technically? Yeah because I mean he, he do got the ball at time. I think Mr. Best Baseball had the ball. Basketball Now is just like hey man get out there and the best player just get out there and do what I asked you to do. Like how many times we seen Mike, when have y'all seen Mike come up with the ball And It is rare. Yeah. You never seen Mike. Mike come up and throw it to him and run to the corner? What position does Luca play?


He point guard. Yeah. In my opinion Luca's a pg. That's what I'm saying. You don't know for real. He's damn near a one through three bro. That's what I'm saying. That's why Literally basketball is literally po positionless. Like that's why this shit don't exist. Just Teach niggas how to hoop. You gotta literally just teach kids how to hoop bro. Like what is win B Like But that's a, that's a, he's a rare. I'm asking What is he though? What do you label him Hybrid. So I'm saying what's His position Escalade like nigga He he Escalade. Yeah Nigga one. That what I'm saying one through Eight this motherfucker nigga You know that's what I'm saying.


You know you, you can't even do these rankings no more. 'cause when Luca come out, what we gonna say Luca was the best all time. What? Yeah. Lay wasn't in a position. You never gotta say pg. So what we gonna say Steph Curry is the best all time. What pg? Well I mean y'all made combo guard a thing. So because Steph Curry run off more screens than rode Miller. That's a fact. So would you say he's a two guard? He he played 0.2. I mean Dre run a point but That's what I'm saying. This shit get, we play Dre all time Mr. Bg because then you go Back, if you ranking Dre as a point guard he holds shit down. But I'm saying then you go point guard's Supposed to run The team.


Okay then you go back to like when Magic and them played Magic had the ball, he put everybody in position. He had all these dudes Done bud. That's what I'm Saying. So what, what are we ranking at this point? I just say oh this shit go out the window nigga You're damn near the last point guard. Damn near the last BI was a scorer. Scorer. I was a scorer. You the last Nigga to do this. Dribble the ball down the court. I hate this. I hate this nigga. Ow. Oh God I need that screen. I need that screen for sure. I need the screen for sure. Hey You know what's funny? I randomly stumbled across from Mark Jackson highlights bro.


And he was really posting niggas up from the inbound all the, the way through. All the way down bro. He was throwing down. So Mark Jackson was cold by the way. Sleep. What? Stop that shit from bro. Real Talk bro. Some of the pastors he was making. I said bro he's really posting up bro from the inbound. That's disgusting. Used to do niggas like that all the time. It is disgusting. It's nasty bro. Because it wasn't needed all the time. You can't go army bro. Stop bro. Guard back Paul. So, but they weren't reaching out. You didn't have to do that. You couldn't. Is he cracking the egg or Boy he about to be a fan of them eggs. No way. Be careful. No way. No way. Hey Mark Jackson still got one of the, the coldest Savannah James with all due respect one of the wildest bars ever.


It's more Yeah he never can defend that. I don't give a fuck what nobody say. What Did he say? Knock it out the park. Yeah, but he said with all due respect. You can't say that bro. Yeah what's that right there about End of the game wide open. Who ain't pass it to me? Oh don't know who that is. Yeah. Get put that gun in the ass nigga all the way alive. 'cause I'm butt naked over there. Look at my hands. Pass me the fucking ball. We at the bar. The end of a dinosaur era. Who that joke get your weak as might be. This nigga don't know who the NBA player Mike go NB player. This nigga is 10. He don't know who played on we was his Dreamville.


And Mike didn't know. I mean not my, excuse me, Mike didn't know Sir Ludacris all, I was like damn bro. He was born after this. My Uncle was his Dreamville Wilder. Yeah we When you said who was Manny Fresh when we seen Manny first walk in the thing I lost my damn mind. I said I failed him. He said look You legit did. That's A, he said that's a dude. He said yes bro. You know that's just a, My Malcolm was born during Covid y'all. Huh? I'm like, he he, that's just a meme for the Dikes. That ain't really him. Like that's a man. He was a little G serious. Like what song did he make? They Got a thousand of them. That is so made so funny. I was like house real big Carl Real.


They was like he probably could did better. Like that's weak. He did like birthday. Yeah, like that's weak. Shout to Malcolm Weak. You know that first shit was weak though. Oh Lord. You still dunno who that is. Who got me out bro? Come on man. Oh man. We'll move on Malcolm. Pull it up later. My hands over there like we scored a touchdown. Speaking of the last plays did Aren Gordon game winner. Oh man. Probably one of the coldest I've ever seen, bro. Especially the playoffs bro.


Man you gotta block out that shit's crazy man. Yeah. Mm. I know. We're not doing a surprise. If you see this. Yeah there ain't no Fox 20 more on Monday gonna be traveling. But that game was crazy. That's one of the best first round series I've seen so far. I hope it goes seven man. I thought they, I had the Clippers. I thought they was gonna come back and steal that win man and peasy start going crazy. Yeah. Yeah They need, they needed that one though. They Needed it. Denver stole that one But now Denver gonna win the series. Oh that game right there. It changed everything. It took the air out of them. Mm. I don't know bro. Yeah 'cause you made that comeback and you knew like ah, they was on they heels. Yeah. You knew it. Like we got the momentum, everything going right and for them to get that dunk tip it's over with.


And Joker was playing his ass off bro. 30 20. Hey bro. Yeah. First of all, the shot he took four game was crazy by the way. Terrible shot the, the fade away against two people. That's kind of a wild shot on the Lo and Keith. But I ain't mad 'cause he's joker so you do what the fuck you want to. But that was crazy. Yeah. That I told you it was gonna go seven though. Nah, it, I got it. I That's the best series to me at the whole NBA Playoffs. I gotta go on six round bro. Six Denver. Damn. You said it's quiet now? Yeah, they going back to Denver for game five. They gonna win that. Come back to the la they gonna win that. That took the air out of them. That was a hell of a comeback by them too, bro. They was playing crazy.


Wow. Coming niggas down, bro. I was tight. I Definitely, and I had the clip definitely lost On Draft Kings. I had the Clippers going to the finals, bro. You did. When they start coming back in that game I was, ah, this Jeff called it. I said they gonna play like this bro. They can be anybody. You walking out 22 point league in playoffs lit, bro. We about to go to the final. I'm like, damn, I might go to a game in Boston No more ain no game. Who me? You don't Go to? No, I wouldn't. I'm Kevin. I would've went to one of LA though. Nah, I'm Boston. Hey then you would don't look lit though. Yeah, they ain't, they ain't, they ain't, You know they ain't do my jersey right in Boston bro. I seen a nigga with 55 on the other day. I was like, oh yo. Wow. Somebody tagged this in the page. Somebody got the, the black Boston. 55 of you. Yeah, it was a frat boy.


I was cracking up. How the hell you get that? Ain't no telling what he doing in that. Probably probate that as he shoulda. And You know what he had on too? He had the spear dairies he had on the, the shorts and the spear. Yes sir. He was fresh as fuck. I can't, I'm bringing them back after summer. Y'all, you should leave them alone. I'm getting the black person with the white license Close enough. I'm getting the OG brown ones dj. The ones that already look like they fucked up a little bit. Yeah. You, you gonna wear socks with 'em or you Oh for sure The Nike Lee socks. Oh you really taking the back, you need the, with the cargoes that mama was trash Niggas wearing Nike. I post that picture and she try to laugh again.


What? WNB 2015. Your outfit. You NBA seasons on the way it is approached to us. You'll get roasted every, don't have a bad game. We will be doing five 20 in the morning on the WNBA. Yes. So I'm telling you breaking news. But yeah, it's what it's, but I'm telling you moment your ass don't get no pt. I'm on your fucking head. We we, we got those tunnel shit too. Seattle Storm got rid of our ass. Who? Seattle E Weezy. I hope you do well in Seattle. Oh, Seattle. Yeah. I'm over here. I told you forever ever. It's up now. Yeah, that's right. You created up. You know who you I don't mess with nobody. Yeah. Don't mess with me because and that was the wrong crowd. I joke is differently from how y'all joke.


It was that the wrong you so Yeah. My heart out type nigga I kicking me down. Yeah bro. That moment you get the clapping on that bitch, I would say that fit was fresh as fuck. So YouTube, y'all got it here first. We'll be the whole wwn BA season I be to blow that shit up. She in the morning. I told as soon as I see her little giggly, she fit the crying face. Yeah, I got sofa. Yeah. And I took that personally. Yeah, I took it personally.


Oh Tasty High note. Oh hi. Don't mind me. I'm practicing my new baritone sacks. I just heard PayPal's paying for people's stuff every day for a hundred days and there's 10 million up for grabs. All you have to do is use PayPal checkout online. So there's never been a better time to buy a few things off the old wishlist. Like this leaf blower PayPal could pay for your purchase. The great PayPal checkout, No purchase necessary ends July 18th. The official rules at PayPal dot com slash the great PayPal checkout slash terms participating merchants only must use PayPal checkout online coverage of up to $100 and eligible purchases per cart.


Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, that's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At Least he grabs the first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all One trip he shimmies the door open steps over the dog. Oh and he stumbles Oh Right Into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eat his protein packed ocos With 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos Stronger makes everything better because


The 2025 NBA plows get more exciting. Actually yes because this year thanks to Dash pass members only deal. When they swoosh you score. Specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any player scores 50 or more points in the playoff game dash pass members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash. Put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more. Use your promo called Wingstop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score sign for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game must have an active dash pass account terms apply.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free with Dutch. You'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


The moment I see your ass on that bench, Lord Jesus That is crazy man. But this is a hell of a serious man. I hope the fever with a championship too so I tiger. But it's up in that all we had to do is get rid of you. Oh Jesus Christ. It's petty as fuck. I told you don't joke on me, I joke back. But you're still my nigga though. But shout to you weed. Shout to food. We get the chip too by the way. Nah, we with the ship. We need something Trying to get starter. Yeah because the Patriots ain't getting it. The coach didn't. Detroit getting it right now. Oh man. Nah, the coach is right. Shout to everybody who got drafted to the coach too man. Welcome to the city. Yeah. How tap in bro? We coach man. Hopefully going. Did we go to the coach thing last year? Yeah, camp. Yeah we'll be at trading camp. Sure. Yeah. We gonna pull up man.


And shout to Z too. Shout to Zaire man. Just opened up his franchise. Got the Ritas cracking up north. Got my boy getting that money we was supposed to pull up man. But shit got tighter around here so shit got little wicked man to Re support going, You know man, You know our our guy was going through some shit. We had to go support him. What up? Oh y'all no details. Y'all didn't go Man, shout out to the thunder. Got them niggas the fuck outta here, you feel me? Shout to Ja. Shout to Ja to the camera doing this and they said nope, no angle nigga Bird's eye view. It was the 2K view. He was like man gone with that shit bruh. Bird's eye view. I'm like bro why'd you just put your head Down bro?


Nigga you In. It's a million cameras. Court sided with 2K. That's classic. Yeah there you go. I like that one. Dj. Yeah. So shout out to my thumb the boys Fuck Memphis didn't have enough. What do they do? We're gonna Restated get ready for the next team. What Did they do with that team? This team up bro Scott people Jr though. Shout to him. He was hooping on me. Took advantage of the situation. Yeah bro. Probably falling gray year. That was, that was, that was double to see bro. And I like it that you just start, you ain't defer to Jerry Jackson Jr. You like fuck it. He ain't doing shit. I got it. Did you see where they was in the huddle and he put Jerry Jackson put hiss hand on Buddy shot he shit make the fuck off. That's when You know niggas the season need to be over. Yeah.


Niggas are fed up. Niggas not fucking with your campaign no more bro. They gotta get they team camaraderie together bro. Coach they gotta gotta get coach Coach bro. Yeah but I'm just saying the whole organization man get well soon. Take this time off man to get your mind right and prepare for next season. He look crazy. He like this the camera up top. That's funny bro. Get out my face bro. I feel that bro. Leave me alone bro. I don't even want to be here. I'm just being solid. I'm saying you look stupid bro. It is a hundred cameras in the arena bro. What make you think this is gonna stop? Because, because This nigga's right here. This I get out my face that nigga up. We just go up Top. That nigga hit the button and say hey bro, get this nigga, he playing. Somebody head said say camera two, he's acting like a asshole.


Camera one go to camera two. Oh man. Now get that hit right. Ja, I don't know what That's better in the program. Go to number two. Yeah they gotta, they gotta send everybody away except Ja. Yeah they need to, they really need to hire Mike Malone. Mm. He'll hold, You know he'll hold him accountable. He don't really give a fuck about all that shit. And the players love him. Everybody ever played for him besides the different nuggets this year said they loved him because like besides the, the Marcus cousins swear by him. So yeah he does. If he can build a relationship with because Isaiah Thomas Love him. I think Ja Marin have a good vibe with him. I could see that for sure. Now I don't know what they're gonna do as far as moving around pieces and stuff like that but obviously you have to keep Ja that fan base is a hell of a support system and they rock with him and he hold that city down so he needs to be there.


But it's a lot that need to change for them. I don't Know. Yeah and my boy Desmond ba man you free now bro. Pull up on me bro. DBA please. We'd love to have you on the the show bro. We Need that. And I gotta talk to you about your moments you tweaked out this year. Ah man come on buddy. We gotta cheer for You man. We done heard that before man. Nah, nah. DBA dba. Watch the show man. Man ain't heard that before bro. Shout Tyree Man. DBA slide man. Shout Tyree. Yeah Tyree on y way out too. Have some time. Watch him out. Shout out to my boy. Got the best logo in the league. Rob. Rob do head logo fired the RD four? Yeah that's hard but with the shifts that's hard. Yeah that shit's hard. That's Hard. I ain't seen y got a show me. Yeah It's tough now obviously this is Sunday but this Lakers series two one so far I got, I got Tim W's winning.


Oh I, I'm going with the wolves winning this series man. We have yet to see the A game we have been looking for. Everybody else been contributing but because You know why LeBron ain't playing for real no more. He ain't, I I played against LeBron enough times. That nigga don't get fucked no more even after he killed last game like that. But y'all gotta see how he killed. He shot all threes. Yeah even when he was could get to the bucket, he like ah fuck that shit nigga. He shot a step back through and hit the side of the backboard on the side side. I was like yeah ain't playing for real because ju LeBron just put his head down and drive real. He got Rudy go bear and shit. He put his head down and drive the ball anytime. You know we know LeBron, we done watch LeBron for 25 years. When they get tough LeBron drives the ball.


Nah, I just for me to wash the Lakers away right now. It's tough. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm rolling with what them bulls doing. I'm rolling. I ain't mad. You know I love to see ae prevail but I, I just think it's, if anything it's gonna go seven Like when y'all ever seen LeBron and this ain't LeBron, you can do whatever you want. I don't give a damn like You know you the goat but when you ever seen LeBron a middle of playoff game laughing and joking. Yeah a lot of people was trying to give himself some flack for that. Bless you for doing that. I'm not giving no flack but we ain't nigga you remember when Brown was in Miami nigga he the game, he went crazy. That nigga didn't smile. That nigga steal face. That nigga was like this my nigga shooting Fade away.


Three is like nigga lost the ball one time trying to do a heat check. It's the playoffs he lost said ah and then he run back. Did he like ah shit fuck I was about to be told empty. I'm about to pull that motherfucker too. Like I loud bro out here have a fuck he don't give a fuck about this shit bro. I've did this for so long y'all niggas ain my ops bro. Y'all my young. We like bro I'm waiting for my, my son here bro. I ain't tripping on that shit. But he lost the ball and said man I was about to pull that bitch. Hey I ain't gonna hold you if Jayden gonna keep hooping away he's hooping. Yeah it is probably quiet for the Lakers obviously. We'll see after this. I don't, I don't know y'all Luca there now. I think Brian want to win another one. That's crazy. Come on bro.


You know what I'm saying bro. He ain't playing. LeBron Wanna win another one. Y'all Y Wild I think. I don't think Brian could fucking another one. I don't think he think they could win another one. He like bro we ain't got no center bro. We out here playing with 5, 4, 4 wings bro. I think I'm might play center bro. This is dead. Yeah bro. I got black him out here one the five shout to do Finn Smith bro. Bro on bro. It's not the vibes we're looking for right now. I think it Jackson Hayes at our five bro. We gotta Think you about to win bro. Hey jj ready if you doing Jackson Hayes. So agree. Start him off. He could playing he look, he be like nevermind two minutes bro. I mean last he had like nine minutes lost he never started. JJ chill out bro. But check up bro. Shot bro. Na shot was nasty. Come on bro. LeBron ain't playing for real. For real. He had a good time. I mean he he giving fans what they want but he ain't that said look was sick though.


Not the flu game but shout out to Brown though. You can do whatever you want bro. You have 39 at 40 Who? Fuck. That's crazy. But we'll see what happens in that series for sure. Any other series? I know we could talk about the Bucks beat the sleeves off the Pacers. Yeah. Shout Shout Beat our ass. Shout Gary Trent. Gary Trent had 40. I was beside myself. I was beside myself the entire game. I wasn't even, I I didn't even know what to say they played today. Right. I mean y'all saying this. We played 9 32 Eastern conferencing played nine 30 on the Sunday for a playoff game. I think that's kind of crazy too but respect. Yeah it's only eight 30 in Milwaukee. DJ's trying to say it's a fix in. Why are we playing at nine 30 bro? See It's only eight 30 in Milwaukee though.


See we don't care about there bro. It's Eastern conference hall. That's how they go across everybody else bro. Why are we playing at nine 30 bro? We are not at Western conference scene. It's only eight 30 bro. It's not about The Viewership. There are western conference games playing earlier. The timber wolves the Lakers are playing at not curious us to a championship room. We had them late games eight 30 Had them play games against Brooklyn. Yeah they probably led against Brooklyn. They Did. That's when I was mad too. Why the fuck we getting our ass beat this late? I was about go out. Nah I thought a Sunday's wicked maybe Saturday. Okay cool. Damn. Sunday bro is 1230. I can't go nowhere. D DJ be talking like niggas got nine to fives in the morning. Yeah niggas they just hoop bro. I'm Not on a West Coast road trip bro. Why am I hooping at nine 30 Bro?


Act like niggas gotta go to Lowe's in the morning. Lillys like no nigga it's over bro. They just hooping bro. They give you more time to prepare. Get your mind right bro. You in Milwaukee. Chill out bro. Yeah lemme get the man the Nixon because If they lose you can't say man mean we played at noon. Well the Nixon piss is played at one o'clock today which is amazing. Yeah that's a better series. His fights and shit. Yeah I'm talking about hey James Harden is wild as hell. Yeah What'd He do? That fake fight? That fake fight yesterday. I don't know what Aren Gordon going through his personal life off the court but he ready to, he ready his get back. Yeah he, he raised, he crashed out on somebody. In fact he's still playing through the hell damage and all that shit happened to him.


It's crazy bro Because he was trying to whoop Jay fight yesterday. He was trying to go outside Jay. That nigga walked through Katrina Got a chill man they Beasley gotta chill Malik Beasley been hype and we yeah y'all gotta chill. I ain't gonna do that to you Malik 'cause I like you but you gotta chill and I, nah I had no beef with Malik Beasley but nigga rode off on a bike on him so like Debo gotta chill. Niggas gotta chill bro. I be cracking up 'cause every time it's some bullshit it happens to be a TC game and they always say NA players ain't fighting. Nah ain't nobody fighting. Nah don't nobody fighting. Nobody fighting. That's crazy man. Because nigga right after the game over niggas, if you shaking hands boy you where you going out tonight? Y'all going somewhere tonight boy. Yeah that's wild. That serious.


I don't know what happens but I I I feel like the patient's gonna handle business tonight like we supposed to pissing Nicks how I feel Man, gimme my Knicks bro. It's over with. I'm going with the Pistons again. Okay. It's over with bro. It's over with. They had, they had their Run sounds K Man we would love to have you on here too bro. Yeah, yeah we got a good run bro. Well we, we begging now. Yeah A good run. That's okay. Hey I done said hey if we gonna love it. I'm sorry send the Pistons height next season. Yeah, yeah, yeah we, we showed Y Love You know shit nigga that one come on the show bro. I just be, yeah these niggas just talking about the pistons from game one. Yeah unfortunately we game Y can't even get Isaiah Stewart on this and I and I a fan. He jumped reggae mix tape everything and ain pulled up man we done shout out his song.


I'm motherfucker, I already two. I played it in the morning. Nah man did Did expect him Magic to win the game because I did not expect him to beat the Celtics. Yeah I did. Okay. I got one I seen when Drew was out I was like yeah and he gonna be out again. They gonna tie the Tatum was killing too. He was damn he was killing So was P five. Yeah He liked that. I got another question. That ain't about basketball though. I was and before y'all got here I was in here playing music and I was playing Chancellor Rapper album, coloring book. Yeah. Ain't that amazing. Malcolm didn't know who that nigga was. Oh damn. Facts. Yeah facts. He Like who Is That? I'm like, he said that's Kanye.


Oh I anything Malcolm said that ain't no cat. I said that Chance of Rapper Coloring Book. I ain't even say nothing though. I just let Jeff talk to us much as, And I was like nah you should, you should listen to it. But I'm like well it's like one of them albums when you hear like all your memories come back like y'all got albums like that. Like damn. Like when I hear that song, like some of the shit like that happened in that moment in 2016 whatever album rappers happened. Fun. Damn. I won't say album but I remember the first time I heard dedication too. Like I remember where I was, I first heard that Wayne Mix tape. I was like oh shit, this is crazy man. And how old was we when that came up? That was oh 6 0 7 so yeah, summer oh seven maybe. I mean Summer six I was senior in high school.


Yeah I Remember the first time I heard that. Yeah, summer oh six. Yeah Junior. I was a senior. First time I heard that I was like oh this shit is crazy. What's what's one that you would be hearing like Yeah Album or Just it could be a song. Yeah, any music, anything that give you that nostalgia. Probably I'm a flirt. R Kelly. So you was at tpa? Tpa? Yeah both was at Ripple. What happened? Red Bull. Y'all both was At Ripple? Hold on, hold on. First of all, I don't know where Kelly was, he was probably at Christ the King.


Oh my god. Chicago song. He was at cbi. That song. That song not in that parking lot. DJ on Two Step, that era, Lil John, all that. All that era. That's my favorite era of music. What was you doing At that time like Boo? We was gonna parties and shit having fun. I was like damn that's when I was really a kid. I don't feel like kids get to experience that. Like what House parties we Was house parties party. Like a rockstar was on post road club. Extremes. Yeah And I don't think kids downtown, shit we was going in traffic too and whatever car you had, niggas was hanging out in traffic and shit.


So I don't think kids really get those type of Yeah. Memories no More. Yeah they don't have house bars. They all got switches. Yeah So that's a little, it's a little different. I missed that time For real bro. Me too. I didn't have no bills, You know what I mean? Some of my niggas they had they own apartments, they had bills but they we were still outside though. Still. Damn. Yeah Like I remember when Thug Motivation 1 0 1 came out. Mm. And I'll never forget where I was at when I really fell in love with Peace Up nigga. A time to am we was in the Inferno and Phil, that was my nigga Phil favorite song and I used to like everything else like straight drop this and zip lock that. I like that shit.


That nigga it came on in the club. That nigga said Peace up nigga. And you tell I'll never forget that dog Inferno Club. Nah that that time, that era Music bro was Times bro. You could play it anywhere nigga. When we hooping outside, niggas had to, You know what I mean? Radio outside, CD player, whatever spinning that nigga like whatever. So That's one of the few albums that every time I push play something I dare let Oliver ride. Anytime I hair throw Motivation, I'm just letting it ride bro. I where I'm at. Yeah I miss like going and buying CDs and shit. I do. That was like a thing. I miss burning CDs. I I miss making mixes on my city to put in my car. Yeah I was a, I was a living legend at Best Buy.


Shout to Lawn Walmart fucking me up though. This is, this is when I first got some real, real money went to Walmart. Nigga bought a CD. Nigga that motherfucker was straight edited the whole thing. Walmart did not sell Explicit nigga. I remember my first edited CD was the block is hot. Ooh that motherfucker was Horrible. You heard Silence Nigga that shit was edited. That motherfucker is Horrible. The block is hot. My first edited cd. Yeah that shit was I used to buy single mixed, well these niggas is young but we used to buy singles on tapes too. I'm that old. Yeah I ain't cassette. I missed the, I had Cassette tapes Nigga I missed. Did you Have cassette Mike? Hell nah. Mike damn Mike went to prom on Laffy Tap.


Nah, I'm the prom on. I told you a jerk Rockstar. Wasn't You a jerk? Jerk. Jerk, Jerk. Instagram was popping when Michael was in high school. What was the popping song when you went to prom? Nigga you had Instagram in high school? Yeah. Yeah. You A you a Jerk was a pop song that I'm a music store bro. Yes. What was the song popping when you went to High prom Out what? Probably like Nito or something. But Nito what? Damn so you was letting me with Wash Me. Na na Damn. Damn You was doing that was definitely your This Mike Y'all was whipping Na na not that problem in the streets.


Wasn't that wasn't that I was Groaned in a bitch in 2011. We was whipping and hitting the folks and stuff. Oh yeah Yo the niggas was dabbing. Y'all was dabbing. No that was Mike. Mike was dabbing. Damn Mike is Was what was our Al Affy Taffy and shit. Yep. Yeah we had that shit. That's us girl. Shake that up bitch. Tell me we had early, we had early Soldier Boy we had, well we started off with Lil John but we had that all that damn shit. That was our, that Face south Lean with a rock with it. Nigga swag surf. That's why I tell people all the time like swag surf for sure Y'all's generation for sure closed. Y'all got us beat a hundred percent.


But music, our shit is timeless bro. You still randomly hear nigga people still play Lean with a Rock. Not Lean with a Rockwood but Swag Sir. Swag. Yeah that's like every Bro still to this day. You know what I'm saying? That's every, and we used to actually dance like niggas didn't have like people had camera phones but everybody wasn't out in the club doing all this shit. You can still get your shit off in the club nowadays. No niggas used to be groups, nigga niggas, niggas used to come Dance Sting to do them dances nigga Facts. I used to be like these niggas lame got they shirt spark pain with they team on that. Some of the first YouTube videos niggas had a dance crew and everything. Yeah boy y'all lame as hell. Shit. I never been one of them niggas. I did not. I was nigga Not a dance crew is crap. I wish I was in a dance crew though.


But shout to my nigga Pimp CA dj. That nigga used to be dancing at you call that shit. Yeah PC was in soaking wet. Yeah nigga used to be. Yeah shout out to my nigga He first Cap. Yeah the niggas used to body roll and fuck the floor and shit. Yeah He Used to be PC licked the ground and got down there. He did the snake and licked the ground that day. You remember that was I said boy you a Mother and did like got got into Hot like he like got on his forehead and Starts on everything's what I told. I like this nigga. I see why Pimp didn't catch Covid nigga Nigga Big for years. You know like That role again.


Run that back. That run that lick part back. That's crazy. Shout out to shout out to take talent shows man. Shout out to Star Quist. Star Quis. That's what they was saying Niggas. That's why I'm saying man our generation was just the best bro. It Was so crazy. Your bible made me go to Starwood word to see that shit. Where is it? No a Lit ass talent show though. Even if you didn't have talent nigga you have supporters nigga. Yeah I swear To God. Star used to be lit. Niggas used to get fresh To go to Starwoods. Oh my mama bro. I Don't everything That is funny. You nigga he'd never get Covid because he lick that pipe auditorium floor. It's very accurate. The start question is be at the Madam CJ Walker building bro.


Yeah, yeah. Good times Man. That on some great vibes man. Yeah the kids need more outlets for stuff like that 'cause all they do is get guns and get online now. Like they don't have no house parties don't have no outlet bro. I be Scared for little To Go to a party man. Man you grew up in the drill music? Yeah. You grew up in when I ain't fun about that shit. No, no there ain't no good vibes in that. No. Malcolm really don't know nothing about r and b music. Yeah like what y'all going to play at y'all weddings? I'm hip to the r and b. Yeah 'cause of who you around. I'm talking about you yo generation. All Right. What's Hip to r and b? Like who? You know r and b like R Kelly Can't say that. I told you Dude. Okay You know you went to Dreamville nigga.


Nah Mel do know about that. I'm saying from your generation, who is somebody in r and b that's Popping? Who is the R killer of young niggas? That's a wild question. Yeah, probably like Brent bring your RB and I love Brent Fires. That's Chris Brown. That's different bro. Chris Brown. Chris Brown Usher Not your era Though. When you get in the car, who was that lucky? Lucky that go October, London Gion. I'll give you that. That Name Gion. Yeah I've been call that nigga the wrong name for you. I a Gion boy. That boy. Yeah Gion give Gi like back six Slack niggas fuck forever. Yeah so you, you about go a date with your lady or whoever you about go on a date with.


What you playing in the wit Ace Raw Wade. That wave, That bitch ain't got no daddy on the Date like regular like y'all in the wit. No I'm just saying. Y'all get in the wit. What? What you, what you playing what coming like Detroit music. That's my nigga. I'll fuck with it. I fuck with it. Oh God be baby face. I love that. I'll fuck with that man you putting The ball to the corner baby face ly because That's genuinely what he's going to do and I'm cool if you gonna ride or Uber you wanna do. So she be like trying to hear all that player ass shit. And I turned the ice swear on tap in That is she wanted to hear RB song.


She said just pick one Let you play. He said R can't leave nigga. I feel you. I'm like, I'm, I'm like come Aaliya can I come home? Hey Malcolm, you gotta make playlist now. Now Playlist we posted with this episode for sure bro. That's funny as fuck bro. I foot as hell man. Young nigga boy say you about put on that Detroit at your best all before we get outta here man. Warriors taking that lead without Jimmy. That's crazy. That nigga Dre boy told Jaylen to go paint your nails nigga. Oh and he fried.


That's Tough. Yeah and he hooped out too. That's the funny part. You know he hooped out Instagram bro. That's bro. My mom was crying. He crashed out on the ref though. Hey I said bro you are a bugging bro. Man he missed a call. Damn. I thought he was really gonna push me. Yeah, it got intense. Yeah I'm like relax. Dream Rod is really hilarious because he, he doing some watching in the basketball court. Yeah bro you are too but you cannot talk to the ref like that bro. Too hype. That nigga is really passionate bro. Gary Peyton did a hell of a job last night too though. He had a great game, great game. And Steph obviously proved why he Steph again Man Step really took that game off. Why is that fat on the court like that Though? That veteran leadership though is just different bro.


Hey You know what? We Talked and they playing mine games with niggas. We talk about that Rocket team. We talked about Jabbar again his spot back. He definitely has earned it to me. He's been probably one of the most consistent players they've had on that team in entire playoffs. Oh I told y'all y'all was acting like he was through for, I'm like nah bro, just bro ain't gonna be that easy bro. Just but You know when you get in that popularity shit, the Thompson twin trend, we call him one of the best athletes in the NBA. We said stuff like that. It's hard to go back to the bench. Yeah bro. But he, he is a different type of player bro. They really need him bro, to be successful bro. Nah, that's a fact. Nah, he's nice. Jabari nice. But you are a young nigga Malcolm, I'm glad we got you in that chair. Is that like a thing? Painting your nails? That's a vibe. Keep It, give an honest opinion out.


It's supposed to be like some fashion stuff. Mm oh okay. Like Cardi dude, like, like oh yeah, this fashion like little emo fashion for the demons only I respect it. Yeah, I see. That's why and I, God knew I was supposed to be born in the eighties. Yeah. This nigga niggas got black nails and switches. I don't want no smoke. Yeah. This just not adding up bro. You got guns and painting nails like, I don't know. Niggas is living differently. Oh Yeah. Saying these niggas Confused. We wearing dresses. They just don't, they don't give a fuck is what I'm saying. We got switches though. Like, I don't know bro. I'm scared. Niggas Don't even know how to answer that. Yeah. Like bro, I'm scared bro. You, you can't even talk like, I can't even say like, I like Dre Mond saying, bro, you paint your nails.


Like is that like, is that a bar? Like is that like a good one shot? Yeah nigga you paint your nails, they gonna be like, nigga I gotta switch. Like fuck you man. Well you about to see all of 'em nigga right across the face. You tell you tell somebody Yeah, I paint your nails. They be like, bro, this it's swaggy. Wow you never got them fucked up. You, why you addressing me about this? Yeah, sorry. So just Don't get friendships like my girl, we cool. And So if you got, if you get red, if you get red love, you paint them any color. Like you gotta wear black. Like black is the nah, you can paint them any color. Well shit, everybody, you see people we going now, like niggas go more regularly to those splices. I, I mean niggas eat, they nails clean and shit. I, I I'm not like that. Yeah.


I just, I just don't have the patience and I don't want to be tickled or none of that shit. So I just stay away from it. I'm natural bro. So I just, I'm natural. Yeah. I've never been to before it It's, Nah, it's not grown nigga. I still do my nail like that bro. That's not wrong With it. I just do all that. Yeah. He the smoke, I Respect, I respect niggas who get sensitive. I mean, I, I mean, I mean get, Get treated all that. I mean if you get your nails feet done, you do have to detach from the world as a man for a little bit because you have to let go. No, I'm Saying no, I'm saying No, it's different. You have, I'm just saying it's nothing wrong with getting your nails and feet done so you just have to let go Because we gonna be like, ah, he one them Nah, they probably think we dirty.


I'm saying though. Nah, I'm just saying when the man gets there, you have to really like let go of everything. Like you have to sit there and just relax. You gotta, You can't, But you gotta write your legs. I where I grew up, I seen my dad like even though I ain't no handy man, I can't fix shit. I ain't never one nigga. Same here. I can't fix, I'm gonna call somebody every single time. Immediately. Yeah. Out the gate. The book I wear hard enough to not have to fix shit. So what I'm saying, I ain't no handyman, Mike. He get his nail done. Didn't wanna fix shit. Our like our lights upstairs, downstairs, over there. They all broke. So Malcolm was like, I mean Mike is like get your nails painted with a switch And people really Knows.


Oh shit. Crazy Because that's funny as fuck because Mike is funny as hell. You catch that bar? Yeah, Just go because that's funny As fuck. We'll Shop club five 20 do com. We appreciate y'all. Sorry y'all no club. I mean no five 20 in the morning. We will be with Gillian Wallow Tomorrow. Yeah, Tuesday we back five 20 in the morning, man. We'll be back maybe. But if we're not blamed Gillian Wallow, that's what you need to say. Million about the game. Blame the hate towards them. We pull it up on n Yeah, we'll make it, we'll make It up for it. Come on man. Playoffs, we gonna lock in? Yeah, but we'll be back though. The Volume


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


It's nostalgia overload. As Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez welcome another amigo to their podcast Dos Amigos, Wilber's friend and former that 70 show Castmate Topher Grace stops by the speakeasy for a two part interview to discuss his career and reminisce about old times. We were still in that place of like, what will this experience become? And you go, you're having the best time. Yeah, but it was like such a perfect golden time. Listen to do Amigos on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up federation? It's Freddie Prince Jr. And wrestling with Freddie is back and we're going all in on WrestleMania 41 from the unpredictable to jaw dropping finishes. This year's mania might have just changed everything. By the way. Almost all the matches that we saw looked like real fights. I thought. Like they were like, yo, we're going hard today. Tomorrow we're gonna hurt, but we're going hard today. Yeah, because it was like beast mode times 10 out there. Listen to this episode of wrestling with Freddie on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm ready to fight. Oh, this is fighting words. Okay, I'll put the hammer back.


Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now, more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. Part of the power of black queer creativity is the fact that we got us, You know, We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.