
When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by Volume Hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


What's Pop And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you feel good enough to go out there and play. you turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlocked device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. Required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel, Maddow And. our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election. Tuesday November 5th on MSNBC.


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But du funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use DU because they save you money. Du makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's ODO o.com.


Good job. Thanks The. Volume. All right man. We back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. We ain't with nowhere just 'cause we got a new show. We still gonna hold it down for y'all every Monday and Thursday. Still to my left, my dog Bishop B, he out the prayer. At least how you would Nasty. Cool n let's get to it baby. For sure man. We got, we got a new addition to the show, you know what I'm saying? Wanna tell people what we've been working on? Shout out to the Patreon members. If you tapped in, you know what's going on right now? Nah. Yeah for sure man. We got a bartender. You know the Paton saw first, you know what I mean? We had our bartender contest at all Stars. Shout out to the star tender. My girl John.


John, she put it down for Pound Town on the way. Oh shit. We got some fancy shit. Yeah, look at this podcast. Pound Town with a Twist podcast downtown. Podcast Pound Town with there's two drinks. Look at the cup shooter drinks too. Tyler. I mean the shooters, shooter shooters. You really Now if you freaky now this ain't for Jaw John Fellas put this motherfucker right in that back shot. Make sure it sanitize clean at first. Put it right there in that back shot and tell her to sit down on your face. I girls say shout to the women going to the clinic after the shot. Come on man. Hit your Jamaica bro. Them girls putting everything up there.


Ain't nothing wrong with a little shooter. The real shooter, you feel me? Man's so wrong with 'em. So put that motherfucker in there and tell her to sit down and tomorrow. Right. How come my dog young Nacho Young t how you what man after that, I don't even want be a part. Appreciate you John. John. Appreciate you John. John appreciate you. But I, I'm chilling man. You know I don't even know I got some, I'm all thrown off about this shooter. I got some Vapor Max on today man. Off Whites man. I think I would a couple times. Whatever. What's going on though man? I'm glad to be back. Hey y'all. Hey hey. They told me I couldn't cuss this early but no we passed 90 seconds. They told me y thought you, y'all motherfuckers thought we gone.


You motherfuckers thought we let y'all down bitch we back like we never left. Ain't going no fucking where. Shout out to everybody who tuned in though. Five 20 in the morning. We appreciate the love. Hey let's start off with all the criticism that we changed our set the third day recording this show because people bullied us into it. Shout out to y'all for the constructive criticism man. Ah yeah. We appreciate y'all showing love but that's the kind of love we need on Fire Tune. Y'all gotta talk shit to us. Yeah, yeah. That motivated us to do better so thank you. Yeah, niggas that said the desk was too small then it was too big. Pause that motherfuckers sound like that little crazy Beyonce. It's too big, it's too wide. I'm like god damn. Yeah. How many niggas over there?


I think ego was some word for something else and she ain't told us they knew. Yeah she does too. Shout to Beyonce. Hey this good. I guess it's hard. I don't know what shot to drink but this nah, Jonjo really to go with these drinks on my mama. Nah, she go crazy for sure. Man. My mother drunk both poles. This shit look crazy. Hey do bro but double Fist in have at it. Double fist in the shot. Yeah. I'm not drinking that shot the way he said though. What? I tell her to sit down. Yeah, that's crazy. Spice it up. Shout out to production man. Shout out to freaking Bite. Shout went through to get to this show right here today. Love y'all. We dedicated man we locked that. Listen, I got some more gifts for y'all man. Talk to the people. Teg. Oh freaky mike.


Freaky, freaky, freaky. Mike. I just wanna tell y'all he works better when he not sober. 30 per 30. Per 30. Motherfucker that gave you Mike your bridge shoes Y'all. How we got some kicks? You what I'm saying? They got you Mark Hill, bridges motherfucker big as hell. Shout out to re Hey man don't do that Ree man. Shout out to the shout out to Kyle man. Yeah shit to some new kicks. They dropped the 26. We got an early man. Shout out to the lineage. This Native American side showing love. He got his pops and shoe man. You know what I'm saying? Oh okay. That's what's so far about this. You know you code when you get a shoe deal and then put your pops in the shoe deal. He get his old signature.


Shout to the og. These is fire right here. Drop him real, real soon. Appreciate re man. Shout to Kyle man. Appreciate you And that's crazy man. We gotta see the paperwork on that because if he put his daddy in a 360 deal he outta pocket. Nah you know what's crazy about him and his dad? My dad played college basketball with his pops. Oh yeah? Yeah BC Boston University. They played for Rick Patino shout to and crazy bad court. Yeah that that's that's dope. But they got shoe together. All my fault pops all put you on my nigga. Dang Pops ain't getting no nacho. I ain't get you no nachos. Boy look, get some Ning pop. I gotta do better now.


That's far to get your pops a signature shoe. Was he man. Nah Ky go bro. Now listen man it's been a lot of flagship that's happened this last week. I don't know where we wanna start but we can stick it on the shoes. Listen AE campaign crazy man AE campaign for the shoes. The Adidas team. Y'all been going crazy all year. Shout out to the guys. Hey man that's fire man. Yeah his last commercial was pretty dope but like when the AE two dropping the A two is not supposed to come out. I believe it's around Allstar. Oh okay. Quote unquote they are milking this release the way that they supposed to. They went down near a very long time period with the mid, now they got the logo going crazy. Yep. And he keep playing the way he playing his shoes go pass by Speaking of following up Ja Moran, you know what I'm saying?


The tool just came out. Yeah, I like it. I think I need to see a little bit more color waves in it. But listen, he had to go through some stuff. I think that was the delay process of why we didn't get the tool a little bit earlier. But hey young Hoopers got that new shoe for the, for the new hoop sessions man. Love it. I about to have that. Yeah but they gotta do a better rollout for Ja. I feel like AE rollout is like the wave, like Ja I think he did one. It was kind of like it was family oriented. Yeah it was family for sure but it was kind of like they trying too hard to clean up the image to me. Just let it be natural. Like let it be whatever it's going be like. Yeah like if he, they're trying to keep it too safe. Well I mean I feel you but also they Denver got to 'cause more importantly, the thing that hurt him is Tom on the court in that shoe, whether it be suspension or injury, you gotta be playing in the shoe.


Yeah. Facts. Facts. So I can't be mad at him like all right bro, you need a rebrand like a motherfucker right now. So I ain't mad at him for it but hey I like the fact, you know what I'm saying? He about to kill his new shoe. Yeah I think that's the most important part. Yeah, I think he about to do go crazy so for sure man. New NBA season started man. How y'all feeling so far man? Well shit we in this motherfucker late. Them motherfucker pressures getting they ass tapped out the pistons right now. Hey man I don't wanna talk about that right now. Oh for game? Yeah. Yeah I talk about that in the morning. Nah we good. You know saying the Pistons, they gonna do what they do. They gonna lose everybody in my mentions talking about oh miss me on the show. Y'all didn't bet me don't talk nothing about me if you don't put no paper up this year. So start off losing to the Pistons is crazy though. See it's straw win my nose.


Fuck. Damn. Okay. Freaky bite trying to, I'm just saying double straw. Crazy real. I just one bro. Real MJ crazy. Which one you talk about? No little one? No did he bro I just need orange straw nigga graduated oh nine. I don't need two in my room. I just need one. Hey the real number but speaking of Tyrese, talking about basketball, my boy gave 50 the craziest shout out. Yeah that was wild. Shout to Tyrese bro. Man what you on bro? The tripled doubles tripled double K on bro. You coulda did that Doley bro. You coulda did that solo bro. Why not look better with With Come on with Tree of Things.


Come on. Oh three of y'all. Nah man that motherfucker look like a Disney flick bro. Which one bro? Frozen. Damn D oh Tree Trio. Man that's crazy though. Hopefully 'cause he, you know he a, he a mutt so hopefully that was his cousins or something. He was a mixed breed because if there was your whips bro, trade him in man. We not gonna put allegations how far his is. Oh yeah we sit there bro. We poured up bro. You know what I mean. Shout to Tyrese though. He left the club, you know what I'm saying? Had the ladies and shout out 50. He must have had a good time though for sure man. Hey listen man I just won't, I just, hey if the hos in the video bro, you know there might be little Cs deal but hey I need that special.


I need that special. I seen a dude talking about that this was random on Instagram. He was like them tens, that thing ain't really hitting like a five or a six. He was like that guy get you a five or a six. They go not too many people tapped it and it's really special down there. Damn. That's crazy though. Six probably got a crazy shot over so he said fuck going the blue plug. He going straight division two. He said everybody want them tens. Yep. He said so everybody done been there. That thing ain't really hitting nothing with the five. Yeah. How the babies by the tens crash out on the sixes? Yeah he said the five the sixes guy they golden. So you said the six got a shot, the sixes or the G? Well this some niggas killing in the G League so I feel it.


I haven't seen, ain't done like a good call up. Oh you see my comment about daddy, you know what I'm saying? Get your confidence back on because I said he need help with the audio on the morning show my damn respect. Well fuck you The funny part is he me while you was looking? Yeah nigga is crazy man. Shout a freaky bite man. I'm about the tag Malcolm too. Hey man. Antonio O'Brien, Avon Bell should never have been on the same scene bro. Matt Steelers team needs to be investigated bro for the mile of CT that team is produced because them at that Trump rally bro is insane. Who got more CTE them more Florida Gators the old.


Oh the Gators. Oh no no no in the hurricanes Warren 17. Shit. Michael Irv is still keeping his plug alive and paid bro since the eighties bro. Yeah that's he don't got no other clients but Mike Irv, he hit his line bro was sweating on that sideline bro was crazy. Pause when he got down on his knees and hands like a pit bull. He was scaring the ho so bad bro. Them kids was like who is this old nigga? We don't even know alumni like that. It seem like that cane give you life though. That Cane boy something in that motherfucker Kae that kind of turned you up about that pink one take niggas out. Oh that's the new one? Yeah. So that motherfucker man stepped on and play with. Yeah that's the Fve. You don't want that no Rihanna. He og he nigga that motherfucker Pure white.


Yeah he thought he listen to young Yo Gotti bro. If Mike Irv listen to Yo Gotti that's crazy cocaine mix tapes baby Mike Irv might be the only person still got reefer. Everybody else got weed. God RDI said RD now Labon Bill and what's that other boy name? Yeah I about to call that nigga Wan Walker. Shout out to my nigga Twan don't put that one on. Shout to Walker. I'm talking about Antonio Brown you hey remember me The funniest thing ever. This girl went through a list to talk about the terrible things about Levion Bell. She was like you broke, you ain't got no money, you ain't got no emotion. Your dick small. He said hold on now my that ain't small.


I was cry the fuck on that shit. Yeah don't crash out on me like that. Especially if I was laying in springs. I hate girls like that. I was, if I was dropping motherfuck dick off in you do not get on the internet talking bad about me. Especially if I sprayed you damn more than once. If you ran it back you cannot put no pu on my name. Why you stop doing that? I do think that that is a fair. You cannot complain if you spun a block if you was one or done you get to complain if you spun a block, if you wanted to run it back for another year, you not get to playing about it. Yeah that's why that nigga hitting that booger. What about he cast out though You received it? Yeah for sure. Nelly did the swipe bro. She didn't return it. Nah a hundred percent bro. I just, I don't fuck with it.


Even when niggas be talking about that they be talking down on girls that they crashed in the past. My you you left the club with us and you pulled up on Su. Yeah. Oh most definitely. I even niggas that's in her definitely called her 10 times. Fuck she for for sure. Even niggas having babies by boogers. You still look it is what it is bro. You know what I'm saying? Don't crash up. What's about times you can call, like if you, you have plans that night after the club and you get to her crib and you know some pop people fall asleep or she ain't answering how many times can you call? Oh calling her? Yeah. Damn bro. You cut outta pocket. It could, it should already be set up. The door should be unlocked. Wait, well you say you can't call, I ain't calling because I, you know why I'm in the club two stepping, I probably sent that, you know what I mean?


Back when I back in my heyday, I was sending that motherfucker text about 11, 12. Just no I'm I'm y'all was in the club together. Then she kind of dipped off like yeah I'll meet you at the crib and you might have stayed like another 30. Oh okay. And then when you get there you're, she ain't answer. Oh yeah I I I don't think that ever happened to me 'cause I'm well if, if I'm there with her, I'm telling her to live, leave the door open. I'm on the way. What happens when you pull up? You call she'll answer. Wake up in the morning. Oh I was asleep. I even listen sir, I didn't even been over at motherfucking house at the club and I put her son back to bed. He's a tri nigga. Are you My daddy? No nigga that nigga what? Who are you?


I ain't just go back to bed bro. Son bed. Tell story it's crazy. We gotta practice in the morning bro. Get out sleepy. You say you wanted to start right? No shit that me going around again with the, with the girl the cry face and the do holder. He is like yeah he just gonna start JV this year. Get cook for your son to start JV is crazy. That nigga a whole senior. Wait a minute niggas boy y'all couldn't wait man, shit.


Damn motherfucker bitch I couldn't wait to cus you two monetizations already. Fuck up. Crazy. My boy can't wait to cuss. Damn. Oh man this feel motherfucking good. Free five 20 man. We free again. Nah, but I'm saying though just say you crack up with a girl. She got a kid. Well they, she got a kid do you And the kid is there. He up. So what do you just walk right past him or make a fuck you for it? I thinking whatcha supposed to do shake up? What's good bro? Yeah like when you walk in like do you interact with the kid a little bit Like I was saying a little homie go in your room nigga I go play the game with him. Yeah. Wait before or after? Before I get, I get on real after I'm out I get him be like man he's cool.


Yeah everybody gonna go crazy. Yeah. What up O Ryan? Hey you. That's crazy. Oh. Oh don't crash. Yeah that's my family now what the fuck talking about go the refrigerator. You got cap, sauce, cap. Niggas playing. W like who? Why Jeff keep jumping off the roads. How Keep doing Why? Hey I was gonna say something but Bobby go to school. I'm gonna say I keep it there.


Bobby go to our school. Shout, play good this weekend man. They got beat there man. Oh man. Oh hey man Big Meach is free man. Woo. Shout out to Meech. I don't know if you could shout him out because the way they got mad at LeBron scared the first. I'm scared to shout motherfucker out bro. Hey cut. Brian the fuck out. Brian is slowly not giving a fuck publicly and I love it. I love it. Ah but he could shout out big mech bro. But he grew up on that. You did bro. But I, I kind of see where people coming from too. Why? Because motherfucker's like Bro what are you shouting him out for? You don't know him and he went to jail. Something you wasn't supposed to be doing. Man, I grew up, niggas took care of me like that from man people.


I respect it. People been getting praised for doing way worse shit way. Shit. No I'm not. Take it up. I not you, I'm not mad at him but I'm telling y'all where other people coming from. They like you love a brand and you know how y'all be saying you got a brand you shouldn't some stuff you just shouldn't speak on Colley bro. LeBron can't get canceled free me man. He, he grew up with street like you said Rich poll them street niggas. Nah. Yeah I agree bro. I ain't mad at you. Like if you grew up in a neighborhood like that, you understand how people who might have been doing them things was taking care of people though. For sure. So you might feel a way like man I remember some of my old heads was taking care of. Yeah and what's so crazy is the biggest hair in the world. Charleston White was just like, I don't hate big me.


He was like big mech made money. He is American enterprise. He went out here killing people. Yeah he made this. Some other people didn't lie. He said but he built an enterprise in this country from the south to the north. Like regardless of how you look at it, bro, he did something that a lot of people can't do. Nah, I'm glad Meech home halfway. He hit the best halfway house I've ever seen in my life bro. Yeah I a little but they took him, you know what I mean? Getting him got him some jewelry done. Pause. Yeah I know he, I know he hit something crazy. Had to get him a shot. You think he was with a old joiner? A young tender? Definitely a new one. Woo. But I gotta get my old thing back. See Meek can't come out hitting sixes.


Nah bro. He lost a lot of time bro. Yeah, nah he can hit six. Nah bro. Not at first bro. T Grizzly first day I brought him on the six bro. Yeah, let me spit up like a newborn and something pressure bro. I'm cool. Whatever motherfucker. I really want my o before I got, dang she good. We gonna take care of you. Yeah you gonna see her after that? Yeah, after 20 years. Let me hoop bro. Nah 'cause I need to be prepared for something like I, my first interaction came beat 'cause that thing that that's a one minute that thing's over with Ilog violation. Well unless they probably was making fifis though. Back in back in jail. I'm sure my boy has some conjugal fists bro. Yeah I but I mean but you got fifis too.


Niggas is getting better with that. That's like the fake, you know what I mean? But the ass wasn't that fat when he went in. So the ass was a stone fat now. Yeah. Was BBLs running before Mitch went there? They might have been but they was bad jobs. Ooh damn. Now a lot of natural women bro was was built heavy back then. I'm not saying that but now these he was down south. Yeah I'm say but now these motherfuckers is horses now. God damn I'm gonna get my, the cat was, the cat was outs crazy. I want to see now how the next season of the show is with him being free. I mean obviously he is a little bit involved but now you know what I'm saying. The situation happened with 50 and his brother Terry. I would love to see how the show is now with him and his son. You know like I think it's gonna be even better now.


Yeah. I can't wait to see what the party like though. It was funny. Everybody was just like send me the invite to the party. Y'all aren't going that, that party is not for y'all. That's going to be outta out of pocket about like tweet mech like so have you home bro. That's crazy. First of all, if you get on Twitter, that's out of pocket. That's so if you get on there, tweet big me. That would be hilarious. Your first sweet back where you home boy? I been looking out for little bro. Make sure a little bro straight. Oh you know that's if y'all wouldn't go to a big beach party though. We got already brought my cousin groceries up. Yeah, go on DJ shoes up. I ain't so that. I ain't fucking with that Shout to cousin because motherfucker was on my top about that so I'm gonna let that, that was just a joke man.


That's what he said he brought his cousin Grocery junk. Y'all know it's crazy. That shit didn't even go out and that still got motherfucker still hit me about that like call me out pocket and dirty. Wait that was, was that a Patreon episode? Only? I don't know what that was. That was a Patreon cut you up for because you know I brought up shorty from Yeah hold on. I'm lost. What happened? We cut it from YouTube. What? He said we cut it from two. It was on Patreon when we brought up him bringing up your cousin groceries and you That's what he said got brought at the cousin G. He brought his something. I get back let's go. We snitching tonight baby. I lost because he said he brought his cousin.


So let's talk about something later. That's cool. Nah, nah, go ahead. Is the car cooking tonight? Respect. Respect? Nah man it's a get back bro. Hey man, get back game. Shout to my boy Dirk. Hey man. Shout out to Dre for posting Jay the green contract. He said nigga NBA watch post say husband contract position date. That was her sign of day too. On God. That's fine. We a team. One band, one sound. She said I'm up for good now basically.


That's a wicked bro. I'm nothing. Yeah don't, don't shout out my race. That's crazy. Why not though You ain't happy for your man. Pull you, you you can be happy for me and not post this because now this looks crazy. Everybody was gonna know how much he made anyway. But the repost is nuts. Yeah it look a little like yeah it look a little dangerous. You know what I'm saying? Back in. Know what I'm saying? The letter days if you had signed your as Extens and shorty you was messing with post like yeah t we get into it. You you're tight. Oh you are confused. Oh she would've been my last shorty boy been done with her. That nigga there I was gonna walk around with something new. That nigga mentioned a dollar and say ours.


He the first nigga talking about shooting shots in the gym and the motherfucker not be in there But you Whitney shooting in the gym. He gonna be the first motherfucker so he can't take off drill right now 'cause he know it'd be icy for a motherfucker doing that to him. Yeah I wouldn't, I wouldn't like that But they might got a different dynamic man. I think they do though. Nah for I think they do shout out do your thing and shout himself for getting paid more importantly. You know what I'm saying about you two plus one on a hundred mil contract. That's fire. Yeah do your thing brother. He gonna run it up bro. He got a lot of money to be made. If he stay healthy and keep doing what he doing, he ain't gonna think about this contract bro. To do a three year on that type of money. Hell yeah you in the right path. My dude like you said, especially if he go crazy like we anticipate 'cause Jalen Green's very talented two years up he gonna get paid again new TV money.


Come on bro. He gonna be looking at 50 60 MA year hard. They gonna give him a max deal. Can't be mad at it all. Nah he gone. He can hoop bro. He definitely cold. That's the best part where everybody like getting upset about like they don't deserve this money. They be hating like some of the older players, these young niggas is getting bread and that's fired. That's what we should really be happy about. I'm tired. I'm tired of that shit. It's the worst bro. And I don't give a damn like shit you can't what? What you hating for what you fuck it nigga Mike bless you man. He might get some more nigga go ahead. I see Antoine Walker showing love. Fuck. And my man went through a lot worse than Yeah you I'm saying of y'all he showing love so y'all need need to relax bro. It's not that deep. Yeah I don't, I don't give a fuck. I don't even be paying attention to people money.


See them old things that them old niggas had them things is weak now them things are a little a little spoiled. Look at the girls. Yeah they looking at them new niggas to get this new money. Like who? Oh yeah that can't afford them. Yeah they seeing them new joints. Yeah. Belinda still like Miss Belinda now niggas motherfucker granny's crazy. When we get older our hos gonna be weak. Nah, I'm sleep. The lineage is straight this way. Speak for yourself. Oh mine. I'm just talking about the girls that we grew up. Oh yeah. Ah. Oh yeah, I mean I see it working at the school. Woo. You be seeing your classmate. Ooh I be ooh baby girl. Hey how you doing? Yes, that's my little, oh yeah I see you.


You got three of the motherfuckers? Yeah, I, I always tell these though. I I mean everybody can't, you feel me? Grow up 'cause people got bad jeans and shit. That's understandable but it'd be a lot of girls. You'd be like damn man she was so strapped in high school. Boy be whew. Blimpy motherfucker heavy now Blimpy is crazy ain no more fat jokes now bitch we in the same pool ring young big ass over here. I ain't, I ain't gonna call the I be teachers own motherfucker pool because I'm like damn a couple girls went to school. I'm like she had a little hell damage now motherfucker got caught up in Hurricane Katrina now motherfucker threw everything in the back of that motherfucker.


Hell hail damage is crazy. You know what I mean? Ain't nothing wrong with stretch marks and the little hail damage but damn motherfucker Boulders. Hey they gonna say you ate because you was talking about passing out Ozzi for Christmas. For sure bro. I'm a part of the Fat Nigga game so I can say whatever true I grew up Joe then. But nah for real though. When watching that Shannon Sharp interview when they said Big Pun was 600 pounds. That's crazy bro. I, yeah I had to really go look him up 'cause I remember Big pun, I was a fan of his rats but damn 600 pounds is crazy. Yeah bro, it's Cas I told you with wait a G bro with him in it. That's crazy. When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist.


My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check.


An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by Volume Hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow And. our decision 2024 team will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th, onn BC


Hey it's Lance Bass from Frosted Tips thanks to Hyundai. I recently took a road trip to Vegas for this year's iHeartRadio Music Festival. I was joined by my friend and fellow boy Bander AJ McLean and we got to explore some pretty cool spots along the way. And we even recorded a special episode for you guys. Here's a sneak peek. What are your must have road trip snacks? The original spree size. Ooh, sweet Tarts. But the original Sweet Tarts, not the little chewy ones. Those are not sweet tarts. Oh I like the chewy ones. And then that's a must have. That's a must have for me. Reese's Peanut Butter Cups. Yeah. Yeah. And Bugles. Oh bugles. You put 'em on your finger like A mix. I love Bugles. I just introduced my kids to Bugles and they're like this is the coolest thing ever. It It is changed obviously 'cause I'm diabetic so like I can't have the things I really want but if I weren't diabetic, here are my go-tos. Reese's Peanut butter Cups. Gotcha. They have to be the holiday versions. They have to be either Easter egg or Lot of peanut butter. They do a pumpkin Now. Pumpkin. They got a pumpkin. They got A pumpkin now I'm a peanut butter guy. This episode is presented by Hyundai


Ever tried to tackle a home improvement project without making 10 trips to Home Depot. What if I told you there's a way to earn cash back while you shop? Introducing Drop the Ultimate Rewards app with Drop. You can earn free gift cards by shopping in store or online at Home Depot and tons of other stores. Download the Drop app today and use code Drop three three to get an instant $5 in points. That's drop your go-to for shopping rewards.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions. a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it. to be so light on your ear. It just like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com


Y'all get the Tesla robot. 20 bands The what? The Tesla robot to do what? Straight out man 20 bands. 20 bro. Move the cameras from back and forth bro. Is it gonna help you you know, help you with the caterer again? You can put it in the kitchen. He do whatever you tell us to do. Talk Pat. What you broke. Motherfuckers know about that. I been cracking up because they been showing the I robot man. And niggas was like damn we in the car after the robot. He tell em to take the charge. He threw the pistol in his last nigga out. Man. Nah bro. I ain't fucking with that. That's kind of far though. Niggas want to be. I pay 20 bed for it. Niggas want.


I'm talking about what J talking about so hard. That's Cap. But to have a robot for 20 bands bro you can't do shit bro. That motherfucker's going to feel how you charge it. You ain't fucking my ain't got that far yet. See niggas just buying shit just 'cause See Elon Musk can't give y'all niggas all the tools yet. You got y'all crashing out motherfucker smash your motherfucker grown as he'd be the first nigga to buy. He still waiting on the truck. That motherfucker hug pee from the back. That boy be hotter there. That motherfucker roll. What he say? Yo, that's song. Them my titties. I bought them guy. Hey on some real shit though. Speaking about that.


Say you buy a girl some titties, niggas want to be like on some real shit and y'all break up another nigga suck them titties right away man. What is he talking about? It is so hey what little Dirk say s back bitch nigga you gotta refund nigga you gotta put that needle in her leave How you came? Y'all ever seen scary movies in that beginning? Seen Pamela Anderson foot that knife. Right. God give me them titties back. It's crazy dark out of pocket. I was about that too. That's why I asked like nigga how you asking for the BBL bag make it make sense?


Nah for sure. I know a nigga said Don pay on and another nigga crash it out. That's crazy bro. He gotta go half go got the invoice loser like nah I ain't mad bro. And that song was hard. You got tap That song was a classic bro. I ain't gonna lie. Big Point RP man. Big Pun or Big X Damn good shit N hey look man. No hey Big X hard. Hey he the real Fat Boy Broadway Move aside. Nah took your spot bro. Big extra plug. Dang. What's better than the new Rod Wave or the new Big X? Big X bro. I'll give it the big X for that. Okay but Raw Wave album is, it's not trash, it's good but Big X he came out swinging for sure.


Hey when he did that? Contagious Woo. That's one of the hardest flips I've ever heard bro. Yeah he smoked that. Yeah you know a new artist man Bus game. Yeah no money off that album though. Him samples? Yeah that he said he gonna perform it out though. He may go for it. TPA said it all the time. I think go on tour and make a lot of money. But I think that's fire though. The checks are done. Yeah but I mean shit nowadays it's streams ain't worth it. Damn no way. You see that everybody trying to promote their music on their platforms and social medias people was pissed to Like even Kendrick got the snippet out that went on the TNT platform yesterday. That was not on DSPs. Like I think we're gonna see a lot of stuff change. Especially with the YouTube stuff. If they change to the short of three minutes, boys is trying to get a new bag 'cause that streaming bag is terrible.


But shit that's, I didn't know that about the short they three minutes now. Yeah they changed enough to be three smooth. Yeah I mean that and that comes a lot of different benefits and you know pros and cons with that. Yeah but if you look at some of the high like low really one of the hardest out right now and her album did like almost 70 k first week. Which I mean that's solid. Especially for now. But come on bro. She was selling albums like it was back in the day bro. She would have crazier numbers 'cause she got heat right now. Yeah. Cold. Yeah her shit going crazy right now. I ain't gonna lie. She surprised me bro. Her her, her comeback story was nice. Yeah I thought she was done because Sexy Red took that crazy lead. Yeah and a lot of people counted her out bro. And I think the the fire singer about her situation, she ain't complain. She ain't talk shit. She put her head down and got in the lab and came back with a fucking hit.


Yeah that's illegal. Taking criticism and turning it into performance is the best shit ever. Her album hard for real. I ain't gonna lie to you. I'm lying. I ain't listen to that motherfucker damn gay. He s he's funny bro. I heard it was, I seen all the girls say this motherfucker was like that so I believe him. I listen to Big X, it's all I listen to except for song. She talking about her friend like you don't deserve my friend. Yeah, yeah. Yes I do. Your friend really ain't shit, you just don't know it. Oh damn. Hey that's all I heard them sexes. Why you say they said sexy when see sexy Real home girl. He look like they said look like finesse two times boy. She look just like finesse that bitch rolling. That is crazy though. It always say look like fine bitch just like that motherfucker Sexy was trying her best not to go crazy about that because niggas wanted to bust out die and laughing.


I ain't gonna lie, I can't do these two straws man. John with a double cup double straw i's getting okay, I'm gonna have to just put one man. Alright. I was a little scared in the direction of DJ held that motherfucker shooter like a cigarette, like a bar bro. I'm after that Jamaican bar. I'm scared to let go of this motherfucker. I dunno where it's gonna end up. That's crazy. That's did he like bro that was Crazy's crazy. That was crazy. Hey you see them do the family, they doing the, they doing content right now. The family is about his, his not his son but Quincy came out and they doing like a round, they like they doing like content bro.


What you mean? Like, like they like no he didn't do it. We the family we still going strong. We still going crazy. Yeah, Quincy can say that but not the other ones. Quincy can't say that because it's not his, his blood kids. Quincy is a come on bro. Quincy is a a what do you call it? An adopt kid bro. Man nigga, his daddy is right here. That'll be sure is. Right. Right. That's that's a real daddy bro. But I mean did he had his daddy bro? It's just a nigga who just helped bring him up in the world bro. Ain't his pop. I can't say that man. Them kids, them kids bro. They gotta shut up bro. That man raised him man. I don't believe it bro. He was just around bro with the, the nigga that look just like him. The youngsters, the youngster that told motherfuckers that.


Y'all better not say no that no Diddy. Shit bro. You gotta be silent bro. But listen, gotta be some bro no content bro. No TikTok. Why it's not bro. Yeah they they doing a reality show. Yeah they got, they got the real content bro is hard. They are, hey they smart as fuck. Ah, I don't know how smart they are. Everybody gonna tune into that motherfucker. Yeah that first episode for sure. But I, I mean if you trying to make some money do your thing. I mean they got to now he got finding some type of talent. Huh? You gotta do something. Move the pizza boxes. Trying to humanize him. Almost like 'cause Diddy's in it like it, it's footage of Denny too. Wait, wait he's involved in this too. I don't know if he's involved started before he got locked up.


It's footage of him. Oh he's crazy. I should have dropped that motherfucker a while ago then they released it to make him seem more human and I remember I can see the play and I remember Tia did that when Tia had that show when he was going around talking, talking them badass kids before he was going to jail to get some time offs. Shout to my nigga Pee when he was on there and Jeff was just like damn that's fire bro. But I'll see you in a year. Like they like Diddy. All right cool. You love your kids well nigga we saw the tape, it is what it is. Yeah like I guess but nigga that's not sway, no public opinion at this point. Boy I just, I just feel bad for them little girls bro. For real? Hell yeah and shit bro. That's fucked up. Yeah. Yeah just because they mom I heard.


Yeah that's crazy. Well that shit crazy bro. I don't know, I just feel different about that shit. Shit. Oh I feel different about Orlando Brown. A nigga kissed Ray hand. He ain't my cousin no more. Nah nigga y'all blood, blood ain blood out. Fuck it. Wait that was the swipe back to the tears I got called Cousins man. Oh he going through some shit. I know he got a beeper. He can't call you right back. What he yeah what did he say? He got a blonde and black line up. What that shit, that motherfucker black and gold with that shoe polish on the side of his head. He tell Ray he was faded. He tell Ray he don't go viral. I am viral when Ray's a voiced the reason of the conversation, that's when you know shit is probably messed up.


Yeah I don't think, think he been went more viral than Ray J though. He was captain bro. Ray J Diner made a breakfast slip bro. Yeah he has lead viral moments bro. Yeah, the Kim k and the breakfast club belong. Orlando can't top that bro. Never. So it's, it's over never. And that's, I mean and the headphones shit and the glasses. I was gonna say that the glasses, glasses broke. That shit was crazy. He's like you can't break them. Yeah, break them. Fucker said speed your asshole. But friend James was viral before bro was viral bro. Yeah, all Orlando, no bread out of pocket. Him and Jack weren't right man, they shouldn't have linked up bro. I can't wait. They hasn't came by yet. No. Oh I'm on the edge of my seat. I swear that is gonna be filthy.


That's kind of, but see now I feel like it's kind of fucking up. What she trying to do? I'm sorry. You bring him on. You bringing him on. It's kind of like all right now you just, you being goofy now. I mean it's low key on brand


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liqueur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by Volume Hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow And. our decision 2024 team will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election. Tuesday November 5th on MSNBC.


Hey it's Lance Bass from Frosted Tips thanks to Hyundai. I recently took a road trip to Vegas for this year's iHeartRadio Music Festival. I was joined by my friend and fellow boy Bander AJ McLean and we got to explore some pretty cool spots along the way. And we even recorded a special episode for you guys. Here's a sneak peek. What are your must have road trip snacks. The original spree size Sweet tarts. But the original sweet Tars, not the little chewy ones. Those are not sweet tarts. Oh I like the chewy ones. And then that's a must have trap. That's must have for me. Trap Reese's Peanut butter cups. Yeah. Yeah. And Bugles. Oh bugles. You put 'em under your finger. I can. I love Bugles. I just introduced my kids to Bugles and they're like just the coolest thing ever. It It's changed obviously 'cause I'm diabetic so like I can't have the things I really want. But if I weren't diabetic, here are my go-tos. Reese's Peanut butter cups got, they have to be the holiday versions. They have to be either Easter egg or with With peanut butter. They do a pumpkin Now. Pumpkin. They got a pumpkin. They Got a pumpkin now I'm a peanut butter guy. This episode is presented by Hyundai.


Tired of wandering the aisles at Walgreens. Trying to find the best deals. Well we've got something that'll make your shopping experience a whole lot sweeter. Introducing Drop the app that rewards you with free gift cards just for doing your everyday shopping. Whether it's groceries, toiletries, or your favorite snacks with drop every purchase earns you points towards fantastic rewards. Download the Drop app now. Use code drop five five when you sign up to get $5 in points.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it. to be so light on your ear. It just like a dream For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey Paul George had me rolling where he was talking about a particular reporter. He was like yeah he me in the locker room just looking at our meetings and shit. He said that? Yes. What they was talking about some of the rules about basically like how like reporters should come in while y'all was like, like getting dressed and stuff like that. He was just like, you know it'd be better if they kinda like, you know what I'm saying? Gave it some time to got. So it was like man certain people would just come in and just be on there like that Jerry Jones shit. Like people would really be on that. And I said that's crazy but him saying that the way he said it was absolutely crazy. Yeah they used come in here looking at our meats. Well the N NBA A wicked. Nah, I don't remember them days but I to him, I mean I don't know you right. Especially you played in Atlanta too so, so shit why you always trying to throw what's up with you bro?


Nah, I'm just saying nigga always wanna go to Atlanta. Nah crack Atlanta bro. Don't got nothing going on bro. I'm just, I think I was going go you, you remember everything else, you always tell it. So don't be mad at Paul George. He might had different situations man. I don't know what he had going on. Motherfuckers was popping in on us like that. That's crazy. And it was a lot of girl reporters in Atlanta. Like it might, it was like one or two dudes that was like older white dude and it was like you probably should have specified what team he was talking about though. Yeah, I mean should I, I don't remember no reporters at the past we was kind of sad.


I don't remember niggas reporting like that. It was a hell. Hellier. Yeah Paul George is wild bro. He on the end so fuck it. Crash out. I gonna say that that was about to say my favorite part is like when everybody gets toward to like, not toward the end of their career but they the point of just like alright this ain't gonna hurt me. 'cause now you see everybody wild now everybody got platforms, everybody gets shut off their chest and we learn a lot more stuff that we should not be knowing about people. But it's funny as hell anyway like Draymond Green and Baron Davis making fun of Perkins as funny as fuck bro. Hilarious bro. I mean this bitch crying bro. He says you can't say that you average two points. That's fucked. And they ain't, both of them can speak like that.


Yeah and you that perfect point. You can't go against that 'cause Draymond got way more rings than you and BD was cold. So it'd be funny when you have those levels of tears in that community. It's just like, all right we can say this because we done did this. But what did he do though? Y'all know what he did? He said that while Leonard should retire and they was like you, you can't tell people when they can retire bro because nigga you played an extra three years or whatever they said and you average two points nigga. Damn. At least when he do play he kill. That's true though. That's pretty funny. That's true. I, I fuck with that. I just made me think about the clip that bd, I mean KD said nigga you was on my team, you average two or whopping two nigga you started having a whopping two points bro K was mad as fucking that nigga.


Nigga that shit was. He said I wouldn't have left you, you would've fucking helped. I see. That's why I think it's messed up in these spaces because you got a lot of ex athletes replacing journalists and stuff, which is cool. Like whatever. But you can't be on that where everybody saw how you played. Now if he played 20 years before that, 10 years before that, people don't remember it that highly Cool. Yeah bro we remember you bro. Yeah and at one point to be fair, Kendrick Perkins was an important player 'cause if he didn't get hurt in that finals, the Celtics probably win that second one. Maybe true. And I ain't mad at perk. I mean you got an opinion you did. Maybe you came outta high school. Yeah you so you had at some point in your career you was a dog. But yeah that's not, you ain't supposed to be, you can't cooperate. I mean your job is to criticize people.


It's just the way you go about it. Nah, facts like telling somebody to retire and then you play an extra three years just chilling on the end of the bench. You can't say that. That's like me telling you, hey your ring don't count. Yeah, that's true. You know what I mean? You gotta ring your shit don't count. Yeah that's true. Well what the fuck do yours? I mean Kendrick, Kendrick put himself in a bad position. Yeah and every time Kendrick do something crazy, I just think about him dribbling in the driveway. It's one of my favorite videos of all time handles. Bad work he got on thirteens that let you know into it. He nigga look crazy. Bad work. He was dribbling that bitch walking like your boy from the big three old school that you said he could really stand up.


Who he used to play for the Pistons. That's how Kendrick was dribbling down the street. What's his name? DJ Don't do that. My nigga going. He asked. Nah I was just saying we ain't got not gonna him. He gotta get his hips and back man. Nah. Get his really hurt man. Nah bro. Really hurt bro. Bro, bro. Need to lay down, let the motherfucker step on it. Get one soon man. Nah Hey, is Kauai gonna play basketball? Shit. Shit. That's why you can't take this nigga nowhere. We take it to one big three event. He sees me. I I ain't see that nigga. You must have called off on that one. What I'm saying, they ain't gonna even invite us back bro. He a legend bro.


I'm sorry for they gotta invite us back man. We walked all around Boston. Hell yeah. I better invite us back. What the fuck? I did a laugh around TD Nigga everybody broke in next we walked in Ying at shit. I'm like pass me the ball. What fuck I done work there. Shout out to the victory though. It's all little for shit. Show for sure. What else is going on? We, we ain't pie in a minute. Let's just have fun man. Can't cuss no more. Fuck man. I got my Tourettes kicking in here. Come on bro. People with that though. Watch. I'm sorry. I'm thinking about the movie My fault.


What movie is that? It Deuce Bigelow de. Yeah. Should I bitch you I'm the whore. I shoot Heavy Weak. That's one of my favorite movies. Much better. Deuce Bigelow Or show How Deuce Bigelow. Y'all got it. Not the European one though. That was out of pocket when the shorty had the joint on her noses. Wicked. That was wicked bro. Come my niggas a shallow hell for sure. That most definitely. Most definitely. First team All Wing Mans wherever you would slide through with they was locked in. Boy Y had to baby buy some pit bulls bro. I grew up on 40th Street for sure. Who say I ain't doing that?


I thought she was tap shout to the dogs. I thought, I thought I thought that mighta kicked in. Nah, I ain't before kicked in. I motherfucker so down Mike pass Perk, perk 30. I just popped the perk 30. Oh my god. Mike been popping them shits all year. You can't get right before get Hey the best part about this podcast is put false allegations on niggas I can't defend themselves. Nick hit me up after the last fight. He said Hey man what did I do? Y'all my fault nigga. Tyree this roast Nick Eric episode. Any bald nigga take Baldhead nigga. Especially dark skin.


Yeah. Any niggas would not be willing to take they hat off bro. Any dark nigga. This over Baldheaded. What's that one nigga that damn That's where I fuck with my niggas. My niggas that I grew with, they rocked They shit bro. Girls trip the nigga that the nigga. Oh yeah you talking about the ball nigga on girl Trip. That's nigga like that nigga too ass crazy. This is dope. We was hooping for like three or four years but always had a durag on, you know what I'm saying? Then one day I guess he was life or Warrior got dressed and he took a durag off and he was bald and niggas was flabbergasted. Yeah my nigga Bookie used to be like that. Damn, what are you protecting? I got a nigga like that. I ain't gonna say it is that? Yeah my nigga Bookie used to hoop with a durag on.


That's my nigga. You bald hit it for how long though? How long did Booie wear that motherfucker ever? You know it's a long time to take the foe off that motherfucker ever. Boo ain't hear When I first turned 21 I think it it just started getting wicked. Yeah but I used to be like damn why that nigga who would do right now that Terrell was like nigga Baldhead nigga wanna see his head. That's crazy bro. But now he embrace it. Nah for sure. That's crazy. Can't but I think you gotta be my niggas tell me you gotta be bald with a beard. Oh he is wicked. When my shit gone you can't be bald. I can't even grow one. That's some bullshit. I'm gonna be looking like Ty damn Tyrone Hill motherfuckers I was ugly.


That ugly God damn Ro Hill top five. See he was my coach every day. Man you ugly and the best one. You gotta grow a beard though bro. You get money bro. You gotta put a beard on your face. No offense wife gorgeous though as you should be bro. That's how it's supposed to go. But you ugly than a motherfucker boy. Boy's gonna get the, my wife's supposed to be cold. The the fake beard. Oh T Hill is smug. He Eric Williams though. Eric Williams t Hill. Cool. Oh that nasty verses bro. Eric Williams right Sweat for the Celtics bro. I'm 50 nigga had that motherfucker Lu done on the front of his head.


No you know where a basketball get boot in. That's what I got tell you. That nigga eating dumb shit after slaughtering shit in LA. Oh my mama bro. The fuck up somebody who nigga up on us. That nigga I fuck with. He was cold bro. Nah nah he locked in. Hey that nigga Cahoot but on my mom that nigga was whoop ugly though. Ugly too nigga he oh he wore 55 for the Celtic. He ain't do my jersey no justice Bob no facial.


That's crazy. Dang we didn't know you was paying high bitch and you picked at 55. Damn we don't look alike. Y'all got me fucked up. Y'all start pairing me that nigga Mom you got me fucked. Somebody gonna do it side by side. Both y'all y'all sw. If they not bro, I don't fuck that nigga. I swear God if y'all nigga start to pairing me him, I swear God I'm quitting the pie. That's crazy Eric. I did not know he wore 55 bro. I did. That's crazy. That's a crazy joke nigga came way to do. Why are you writing that down Mike do it in comparison. Luis he definitely shot that. Yeah Luis if that come out, I swear to God you're fired. That's crazy bro. He was in his peak though. You was on the end.


Oh god man that's crazy. That nigga is Phil because I don't look like him bro. He Phil. Hey on my mama though I love Al. I love you bro. But I used to mix them up bro. God that picture right there on guy that look like Lil Ade bro. No cap this shit up my nigga. Look that's crazy A little. Hey man NBA Syntel got active man they put a video up of a last night in the game. He went to Brody allegedly. He was just like he ain't even gotta take a shower bro. Obviously that's fake. Fake the sit. Tell bro that back active bro. Oh God they back it's it's just the beginning bro. It's more to come but he was talking crazy to to Jerry Vanderbilt for sure.


He been hurt for two years nigga. Yeah bro, shut up bro. That's what I'm saying. I'm on your ass next time we play y'all bro you doing a little bit too much barking my nigga. But it's always funny like I love watching starting five album for people who not too familiar with the NBA game. What goes around and like y'all talk a lot during games and it's like for them to, I mean it's a lot a little bit different 'cause you know what I'm saying? They knew that the mic was on them and shit but it was just fire to see that type of interaction and to see people like ae that's him all the time. So I love the fact that like people don't turn that shit on and off. Like when I hooping I'm talking cash shit. Yeah for sure. So to see especially last night, I mean obviously he didn't say that stuff about Brody but that Jerry Vander bust. Yeah I'm on that. Fuck you right now. I'm playing basketball. Everybody need to be on that type of time bro.


Everybody talk shit bro. Y'all be friends off the court bro. All that buddy buddy. Shit bro. Look that shit die. I used to talk shit a little bit. Not not too much though. I ain't really, I'm saying though if that's a part of your game like that was my game when I was younger. Yeah I used to talk shit into Mike Biy when I was talking shit one time he was just like you don't have enough money. Damn. After that I was just like, but yeah you're right. Like why am I talking shit to you? Yeah you don't have enough money to talk shit like just Hoop. Who is somebody who talk crazy shit to you with y'all hoop crazy shit. Nobody really say crazy shit 'cause I don't really talk, I ain't really pay no attention to nobody but like it'd be young niggas that just come in and be like just kind of hype pop shit.


Yeah like yeah what's up nigga? Yeah, yeah, yeah like just 'cause they trying to prove they stuff but I ain't really pay no attention because because remember one time campaign was talking shit to me. Damn. It wasn't like bad though. He was just kind of like hyped when he was in Phoenix he was getting his himself back going and shit. Yeah And I was like okay I see you LeBron was shitty at campaign, nigga started talking. Yeah so like that kind of moment me see that but he wasn't like talking bad, he was just like kind of motivating himself like you just now getting back basically like nigga I'll make a call you'll be back nigga. No that's exa that was a threat. Yeah people mist stuck. He said last you was at home on the couch. Be humble. Yeah bro.


Go back that call. Hey that's crazy. Yeah but like him talk, he wasn't like, he don't talk well to me. He wasn't like talking directly shit to me but he was like just talking like he was just getting his himself going. Yeah. So it wasn't like so I ain't never, it is different. Yeah I ain't never really had a person just like talk bad to me besides CP and shit but that shit was yeah I don't feel like talking about that no more but that kind of shit. That song really well you heard a lot of niggas talk shit though. Oh man. Alright. The funniest shit I ever heard though is when, see I love Smooth to Death. I love him to death but cp, he hit a jumper right. Smooth hit a jumper. No I it is two times. It is about Smooth.


Phil Jackson, we playing the Lakers Smooth hit a jumper. He was like fuck it, shoot it again. Smooth hit that bitch again, we're gonna let you shoot that shit all night. Smooth hitting these motherfuckers. He look at fucked up. He was like he's making those work good. But I was like yo this shit is funny as it's Phil Jackson. Yeah that's hard to fast forward CP do the same thing. That nigga shot one. He was like, he hit it, he came to the bench, he was like dribbling by. He was like yes. And I was like he do that for, he came back, he was like, he about the gun y'all out the fucking game. Like you know and if you know Smooth he was but it was like dude he getting that bitch nigga.


Yeah I love Smooth Shout out to Smooth. It's so funny man. I always think about the Detroit days when he would load up that three like no don't give a fuck they did that in. Yeah they definitely did that. No. Yeah but well I'm good and tipsy guys. I'm getting a little hot Jojo John, John whatever. Hell you said you know he was, he got me a little little hot. That's a hell of a concoction. Shit. I drunk my shit like a Capri son would throw. Niggas wanna be like punk niggas wanna bug. That's so crazy. You saying that really hurt my feelings though. What hurt your feelings bro? That shit, that shit was funny.


I hope they'll take that away but that shit was stupid. Jesus Christ. Before we get canceled for the second time this week, me hitting some people that grab some Mech Man I guess Shop Club five 20 do com. Yeah people been hitting me like y got some. Yeah I on some real shit bro. Stop asking me that bro. I ain't gonna lie about to stop for real. I'm fucking sick of saying that shit. I'm gonna just be real. I'm sick of saying shop at Club five 20 and y'all motherfuckers see dm. Y'all don't get the dms I get every time you say that stupid ass shit and I repeat it, these motherfuckers say ain't nothing on there but a medium in a four x so I ain't saying no more Shop club until we got fucking mech.


We gonna have a countdown for Mech. We got a hoodie for you. No very God nigga hit me with like try 5 5 20 hoodie for a year. Now the pre-orders supposed to be live today. Well they died nigga. Nigga can really rob me and tro. Nah bro. I swear to God people be rock. I dog I I couldn't respond back 'cause I ain't got no hoodies so this motherfucker I made it's what? It's well hoping next time you listen to this podcast you might have some me never know. Y'all seen them in Jello Little Little Ball. Oh yeah they going at it. Yeah he picked the wrong ones. Yeah bro they joke all day bro. They worse than us. Yeah like bro just chill bro.


And to be fair like they said bro yeah we didn't go to the NBA but in our respective fields we went to the NBA bro. They were popping before you probably Cameron Round we platinum and Cameron Brown was a hell of a ghost writer too so Yeah I get it bro. He just tight and Mac was the best ghost writer for sure. Yeah, just get your money though bro. And chill. You ain't gotta prove nothing to them. That's a wrong 'cause you're not that type of dude. That'd be my thing. Like if you don't want to talk shit bro, don't start it. Nah don't even get engaged in it. Just take it for what it is and lay low. He gave him some days of content. Yeah them niggas. It's funny 'cause I be over there crying. Yeah, yeah that's the one thing people don't understand like it's the internet, this is all they got. You fucked up calling you Step baby too.


Tell the fuck them niggas man that one's crazy. I was crying and shout to her so because of her I'm not gonna respond but that's the homie shout. Yeah. Oh yeah but that was crazy. Yeah but listen they professional jokes bro. And this podcast up bro. We we having too much on. We too blessed to be mad about some dumb shit bro. I grew up Jonah but I'm like shit nigga fuck I was crying. They call entertainer. Yeah nigga get caught. Nigga run me and was like damn be here. We don't fuck with that bro. I'm nothing on you dressing like Sid from Steve Harvey show bro. The gym teacher coach call a PE teacher bro. That took me out. I was crying, said I needed a wife.


I mean a black force with the white glasses nigga. That's crazy. Caught him code when she, that nigga said that nigga gonna say Vita was hard. Oh God, she was too. Not respect. She was damn tough. Nah, we outta here though man. Appreciate y'all. Catch on next time. Five 20 in the morning. The Volume


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by Volume Hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety Information.


CBS Thursday. Hi again. TV's quirky is crime solver. I'm Elle's Omi. I work with the police is back and ready to go. Toe to toe. Yes. With a cavalcade of guest stars, you have a devious mind. I'm a lawyer. Don't miss a moment of the critically acclaimed hit. Look for anything out of the ordinary that sounds like fun. Murder should be fun. Obviously murder's not fun. Elsbeth is all New CBS Thursday at ten nine Central and streaming on Paramount Plus.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. Check out Bose dot com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. This LEE that's.