
This is an iHeart podcast.


Welcome to, it Takes energy presented by Energy Transfer where we talk all things oil and natural gas, oil and gas drive our economy. Ensure our country's security and open pathways to brighter futures. When it comes to meeting the world's energy needs, more is better. What we mean is our world needs a wide range of energy sources to meet our increasing needs. Just wind or solar won't get us there as the sun doesn't always shine and the wind doesn't always blow. With our growing population and the increasing use of energy demanding technologies like ai, reliability is key. And the reliability of natural gas is unmatched by wind and solar. That doesn't mean we all can't work together, but natural gas is vital to ensuring we meet our energy needs. Look around and you'll see the essential role oil and gas plays in our lives. Our world needs oil and gas and people rely on us to deliver it. To learn more, visit energy transfer.com.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute. Season one taser Incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute Season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The volume,


Hey, this applies to 99% of the world. I mean 99% of the nation, not 98.9, I mean 99. Just like that paternity test you took. Okay? And if you the 1%, it don't apply to you. But for the rest of y'all, 99% man, tap in Boost Mobile coverage nationwide you apply for. This is great. Tap in with Boost Mobile. If you switch over to Boost Mobile right now, you can get a iPhone 15 with crazy camera work. That is a 48 Mega Pistols camera for $99 and 99 cents. That's right. $99 and 99 cents on a 5G network. It's nationwide and I'm 99% sure that Boost Mobile just gave us a crazy deal with this promo. Nah, this is crazy. You are the father. It does require credit qualification ID verification, and an activation of a $6 plan. Taxes are extra and 5G speeds may not be available in all areas, but they said it was nationwide. Just not in your hood. Your neighborhood good though? Yes sir.


Man, we back at it again man. Another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wells. Still got my brothers on stage with me to my left. We got my dog. Bishop Behead out the prayer. He how you what? Saying And Nancy What up fanatics? What's happening? Fanatics Fest. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. To my right. My dog. Young Nacho, young Teague. How you what? I'm chilling. I see you back there Fred. What's up man? What's happening with it? For sure man. Listen man, we had fanatics with it and we got another wonderful guest, man. Long awaited guest man. We are very excited about this episode. Hall of Famer. Oh yeah. One of the coldest to do. We all grew up on his shoes. Pure Hooper man. The one, the only Mr. Tmac, Tracy McGrady, big Dowell. Join us on stage.


Show some love. Yeah. Hey, yes sir. Mac make my young and get up and greet me man. Turn my mic on in this motherfucker man. What up youngin? What's up bro? Huh? What's up man? You remember you punched me. Let's get get out this out the way. Let's Just get it out the way right Now. This dude right here man, he used to play so much. I just wanted to beat his ass though. You played too much. He young bro. He just played entirely too much. Man. I'm trying to get back in the lead. This nigga's playing around too much. Say I did play around a lot, but We had to get your side of the story, You know what I'm saying?


It's two sides to the story. So do you remember what happened? Y'all don't really believe till you going that he Said it really happened. Don't to you. Look, I'm gonna tell you I'm I'm, I'm gonna put it for you. So I used to mess with M every day and he used to be like, man, shut the like shut up. Why? He always talking like so I used to mess with him. He was so one day we was eating, I was, we was in the thing and I was sitting back and he walked up. He was like, I was like I was hot. You Hit him in his chest. Probably ain't thinking nothing of it, but I'm like man what the and Marvin like, what you going to do Oog og initiating a young fella man. That's My little homie man.


Yeah, It's all what's up Man? Y'all doing good things up here bro. We been watching y'all Man. We trying to man bro. Long awaited episode man. We happy you could pull up man. Like we said, we all big fans of you for sure man. Grew up with the C mans man. We gonna start first and foremost, we all love the Good Feet game and you got some legendary kicks, right? So what's it like? We, You know what I'm saying? We know how you came into the league, but what's that moment with teammate gets his first signature shoot It's like that that kid man You know shit, we all was a kid playing on a playground and you was out there with your favorite player hooping in them shoes and for me it was mjs, it was Pips and then Penny came along and that's all I wore when I had You know, opportunity to get some pennies.


But then when I, it came along when I got my shoe and then it wasn't, it wasn't to the point I saw my shoe had it in hand wore. But when you go out in public and you see kids or or your fans with your shoe, that's the validation right there that's like damn dog I made it. What's crazy if seeing somebody with your jersey on see somebody with the sneaks on? Nah, the sneaks 'cause anybody in the S NBA gonna have a jersey. Everybody can't have them sneaks facts. But everybody can't have they own sig. That Black and blue colorway crazy that OG colorway. And what's crazy is, You know what I'm saying, you had like Iconic moments in your shoes like, You know what I'm saying, the T-Mac ones the all star moment off the backboard.


Like yeah, when you see that, you just see like moments like when we look at other people's shoes we think of moments. So for you to have your first couple of signatures with like crazy moments in them, it just kind of like cemented it all in our minds. I wanna ask you, what's your favorite shoe that you designed or what's your favorite Tmac shoes? For me it's the 3.5 and a lot might not know about the three point fives. I wore those when I was on a USA team was the qualifying team but my three point fives but because they don't know I'll say the T-Mac threes, the threes was the most the the fire that we still sell to this day. Yeah the tmac threes, You know what I'm saying? Almost got me a whooping in my household 'cause I asked my mama to buy two pair of shoes so I can mismatch 'em and she was like yeah we ain't going for that.


Most definitely man. But listen man, before we get to the episode we got gift for you man. Shout to Tommy John. Tommy John. Tommy John. Yes sir. Be here. Tell the people what they need to do for you sir. Man just wear them draws. That's it. Draws Wear them draws. I don't know if they fits all ain. Nah they ain't white aint they Be no white draws. They not, they not thin. They Got the elastic band to Extendo band. Pull small man for today's hot. It takes the ball handling pause. Not on the court but I'm talking he get draws keeping balls handle with Tommy. Like You see that little pouch in the front? Hey yo, that That's, that's to get him together right there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Gray draws is like gray sweatpants. You know the Bobs shout out to Tommy Jobs.


Hey Hold it up like boy sound Crazy. Shout out to ch dumb Bro. Man You know we rocking heavy with y'all man. But you been going crazy recently man. We gotta talk about it Instantly. Oh you about to say it. Hey you brought up and we ain't gonna get to, we ain't trying to be messy but you brought up an Indiana pace of legend man. Yes sir. One of the Dakota at the PG for the Rs. Our dog Jamal tends to Yes sir, for sure. We heard a back and forth conversation about Kyrie. That's cool. We ain't gonna get to that. But it is dope to hear players especially who was around show love to people who don't get like recognition all the time. Yeah, I'm glad you said that 'cause that was the sole reason for I for me saying that. Yeah, I know I'm a, trust me, I know basketball bro.


Yeah and I know Kyrie is the best when it comes to handles. There's two of my best and I'm on record of saying this, it's Kyrie and it's Skip to my Lou my old teammate, them two them the two best like for me. But yeah, when I get an opportunity to highlight somebody that's in my generation of basketball or my era, I'm gonna take the time to do that. The thing is people don't know my agenda when I said that, so of course I expect that reaction. Yeah and it's the reaction that I wanted. Yeah. Right. Because I'm highlighting somebody like when you look at Jamal Tinsley bro people and comparing him to Kyrie, yeah they going to laugh at that.


But you go and really see what that motherfucker did when he was a rookie. It ain't too many cats that had 23 assists when they was a rookie. So although you might laugh that he's not compared to Kyrie, he's still somebody you can learn to and appreciate his game. So using Kyrie was my main goal. You gotta use somebody like that. And then the trigger words is, yeah, he better, he got bat handles right. It's it's, it's the internet game bro. Oh yeah. That's all I did. So shout out to Jamal Tinsley man for none of these young fellow know who he is for. That's Oh yeah. Like looking in the crowd and you still see people with tmac jerseys and stuff like that. What is that like? Because I don't never see a T and the 55 Boston.


I'll never see a t jersey but like to see that like what's that like, You know Teague man, I I it's love bro. You know, and I, I don't take it for granted. I appreciate every time I see somebody with a T-Mac jersey on anything, T-Mac, You know, even 12 years after being retired, that shit still does some to something to me. 'cause I appreciate that. I appreciate their appreciation of me. Yeah. And I'm always gonna show love. Facts. Facts. F that's the best one right there. Which one? That p and striping right here. The buddy On P strips was tough. I was gonna ask you the next one, what's your favorite jersey? Because you got a lot of Iconic jerseys, You know what I'm saying? You got the Raptors, you got Orlando, you got Houston. What's your favorite jersey?


Me that, that purple. That purple Raptors jersey is fire. Ah yeah. Yeah. I'm talking about like outta all jerseys. That purple Rap Raptors is fire. The rookie year. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's the One. Yeah. Yes. That's the one. Yes, that's The one. That's that one. Now you look at today's S NBA right? A little bit of a difference between you play a little bit more freedom. We got the finals going on right now. Game seven OKC Pacers. I want to ask you if you could play for either one of those scenes right now. Where are you pulling up to? Indiana. Yeah, Indiana. I mean I, I, first of all they got a, a freaking great coach. You know Rick Carlisle is is probably one of the best basketball minds in the game right now and we're seeing that every night.


But I like that cohesive. They don't have a superstar so I like that cohesive. I like that they do it by committee and integrate somebody like me that could get buckets. Yeah. Consistently with what they already have. Great shooting. You got great penetrators and ask someone that could give buckets. I like my chances. Most definitely. And you got both those teams obviously with Allstar Superstars. Yeah. And you have a lot of role players. You see the league gravitate more towards that. 'cause I know back in y'all day you had the hierarchy was a little bit different. You had like two or three guys took a majority of the shots. Everybody kind of fill their roles now with both these teams. You got somebody out there bitch who can go shoot six threes and it's all gravy. Hell Yeah. I love it. I love it because in today's game there's a lot more hoopers. Okay. You know what I mean? There's not guys that just do one specific thing.


Right. One thing that's really great, you got these guys, man, they could score on both sides of the body. They could do multitude of things on the basketball court coming off your bench. When I, You know, when I played shit, you had somebody that dope can only, he's only a guy that can shoot in the corner. That's it. Like you stationary pieces. Now you could interchange with these type of players that, that's playing the game today. I like how you said that. Would you think your game o obviously you could score in bunches, you could score any kinda way you think your game would've translated better now than it did back then? I mean Yeah. Come on t come on. No, I'm being real. I mean you average T so you probably would've averaged 40. IIII I'm not going to be arrogant and say 40 in my mind.


Yeah. I feel I can score 40, I mean like 32 I think I shaa average 32 this year. Yeah. In a wide open league. Yeah. Wide open game. I average 32 when that shit was tight. Yeah. Score was 78 to 80. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? And only shot like four or five threes put me in today's game where I can shoot ten eight to 10 threes. Yeah. And I'm gonna get to the free throw line because I'm gonna get to my spots. That's Deb near 40 piece. Yeah. I mean I, I Yeah he probably the average 40, I might be a 40 p And you had that midrange. I even when we was in Atlanta you used to shoot the midi you used to like Yeah you probably the average 40. I'm thinking about it like 32 back.


Yeah, you probably gonna average. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's, it's an easy game now bro. You defensively like nah, I ain't want to try to add the physicality to it, but if you can't touch me when I got the ball in my spot, like you gotta back up and gimme nah, I'm gonna shoot right up. I ain't even gotta put the ball on the floor. I'm gonna shoot right on your right in your face. People Don't realize how tall you are. Yeah. You be you, you like six 10. Nah, Ain't no way unless got Some heels on him. Don't realize that probably is. Y'all know they had me guard him one time when he was in Detroit. Did you lock his shit up? Hell no I wasn't. He went straight to the block. They like just pick you LD pick him up, pull court.


Smart man. I couldn't move. Really. Nah, You didn't. You said I got out the game all quick as shit. Yeah. Now who you So the game. Who y'all got? Who? Who y'all got in the game? Oh Pacers. Okay. See you Pacers. I want I the Pacers to win now. But is That the bias answer you from Indiana? Yes sir. Guy hard pacer fan My phone. Why? Well tell me why they gonna win. Why we gonna win? Yeah, How, how, how, how are you gonna win? Tell me that. How We gonna win? So when this drops, You know what I'm saying? We'll already be raising a banner so give me my props. What I liked in game six with Rick Carlisle is the second half when he went away from the full court pressure and we just got to him in a half court setting, we doubled a lot heavier congested delays.


Yeah. It saved our role players. 'cause we need everything. Right? Yeah. We don't have the most talented team, but we play the hardest. Yeah. We can serve some energy, made some shots at home. I feel like we can carry that over to O-K-C-I-I-I-I feel if they do it by committee, like if, if the committee struggles aka is gonna have to have 35 to 40 points, right? Yeah. Yes sir. So even be in the game and then the committee can add to that. But if AKA hovers around the 15 to 20, everybody else, the other guys gotta be in that same realm for them to have a chance to win this. But I got a prediction I think because the, the, the game six was so subpar by Shay and Jalen.


I think they going to have a Kyrie LeBron type moment. Damn. In game seven. I I I I've kind of, I feel like we going to have that moment in game seven Now I don't have too much doubt but that did scare me. I'm like we put belt our ass in game six. Ah they going back to OKC, the role players and game sliders and something. Yeah. It's gonna be a tough fight for show. Sure. But all the pressure on OKC though. No Doubt, no doubt It is. So that's why Indiana has to hit first they have to hit second and it's gotta maintain that throughout the whole game. It can't be no slippage where you get down 10 12 'cause when that slippage come, yeah no ass might be in trouble. Yeah. What's your take on Tyrese being a superstar,


Hotels of Vegas might be booked solid this weekend, but there's one vacancy left. That's right. It's gonna be filled at UF C3 17. A new lightweight champ will be crowned. Grab Your old crown in draft King Sports book, the official betting partner of the UFC. You know what's going on man. Ria takes on Charles Oliver to fill the vacant men's lightweight title as a headliner of the international Fight Week. First time betting on DraftKings on the UFC fight. All you gotta do is pick one of the fighters. It's easy, it's an easy win. If you knew to DraftKings, all you gotta do is bet $5 new customers. If you bet that five you get $150 in bonus bets instantly listen that load the DraftKings sports book app now and use that Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 get you $150 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See d kng.co/audio


Malcolm Gladwell here. I recently recorded the first episode of Smart Talks with IBM where I learned how AI agents are joining AI assistance as a major productivity tool. Let's start with AI agents. AI agents can reason, plan and collaborate with other AI tools to autonomously perform tasks for a user. Brian Bittle, an expert from IBM, gave me an example of how a college freshman might use an AI agent. As a new student you may not know how do I deal with my health and wellness issue? How many credits am I gonna get for this given class? You could talk to someone and find out some of that, but maybe it's a little bit sensitive and you don't want to do that. Bissell told me you could build an AI agent, a resource for new students that helps them navigate a new campus, register for classes, access the services they need, and even schedule appointments on their behalf, which in turn buys them more time to focus on their actual schoolwork. We can see patterns of how agents and assistants can help employees and customers and end users be more productive. Automate workflows so they're not doing a certain types of repetitive work over and over again and streamlining their lives and making data more accessible to them 24 hours a day. To learn more about IBM's AI agents and how they can help your business, visit ibm.com/agents.


Hey good drivers. Yeah, we're talking to you. The ones who don't speed. The ones who avoid those fender benders and who always use their turn signal. Congratulations. You are a better driver and that means you could get better rates with Route Insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits. You know, like the ones who cut you off just to slam on their brakes or the lead foot speeding to work every day with Route Insurance, you'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the Route app. Drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's Route Insurance Terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting reviews. See route.com for to tell us.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser The Revolution, but not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops believed everything that Taser told Them from Lava for Good. And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and It's bad. It's really, really, Really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute Season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I don't think he's a superstar. Oh shit, superstar. No, when I, They killed me when I said it. Oh man. Nah, I can't walk around Indianapolis, Bro. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. He no superstar. He's not, he, he's not a superstar. I I think he's a really good basketball player on a really good basketball team. Coached by a really brilliant basketball mind superstar. He Won a championship in Indiana. He deserve a banner and a Statue. We're we're not saying he, huh? You said a statue. Yeah. Give Tyrese a statue if he win. I, I, I disagree with that. Super star playoff run. He happened an unbelievable playoff run. He but In this, in this series right here, he's been unbelievable.


No, I'm just saying his playoff run his Run to get him Here. It's been, it's been a great run. Yeah. I'm statue worthy but now you're playing for the chip though. And if I win I deserve a statue trophy. Even even though a trophy, you, even though you're probably like the fourth or fifth best players in this series. Who? Hooters Pascal been the best for the Pacers. You said the fourth, the fifth best player In this series? No, he's number two In this series. Yes it is. Shane Tyrese Pascal. Nah, You from Indiana too? Yeah. I see. Alright. It makes sense. It makes sense. Nah Ty, Ty is a rich, You know, You know what's crazy Ty, for him to be so good, I, I identify him.


I, when I look at Magic Johnson play basketball, I see Tyrese a little bit. Okay, well here's what I mean by that. When you watch Magic play dominant right hand player, dominant, dominant, you don't really see them do too much on his left side of their body. Yeah. Yeah. Tyrese is the same way. If you only could be dynamic on the right side and you got two killers that can play both sides all over the court, you Think you going to beat me being dominant on one side. So for him to, for Tyree to be great, Tyree gonna have to, if you're going to have four points damnit, you gotta accumulate for your team at least 40 points. I got you. That has to be the accumulation.


Okay. I got you can't have four points and only accumulate like 12 points for your game. Yeah. Now if you want be a superstar, I'm fine with four points, but gimme 15 assists. Gotcha. Gimme eight rebounds. Got that right there to me is like a Jason kid. That's a ma like that's having an imprint and you don't have to score that much. Got but you can't give me 4, 7, 6 nah fan. Nah, I respect it. Team back. What I'm banking on is, You know, two years ago they tried to make their jokes about Jalen Brown. They saying his left hand isn't the strongest. You know what he did, he went and got paid and got a chip and all. Something about Tyrese ain't got, he ain't got no left hand. He ain't going left Cool though. He ain't gotta have a left hand and raise that banner up.


Get paid killed. Speaking of Jalen Brown, I know that's like your little brother Yeah. Is like who reminds you of you in the league right now? Like me. Only person I really see that kind of remind me of you is like Kevin Durant. The way y'all score the ball is really kind of similar. That's that's that's really it. I mean yeah it ain't, it ain't too many. I used to think Paul George, but then when I watched PG y'all kind of a little different. But like you and kd, y'all do the rocker hang dribble pull Up. Why? Why, why, why pg? What what? He was a little more like pinned down cute shoots and he trying to be funny. He trying to be funny. Hey T back.


Pardon? Today he trying to be funny. See nigga, I like that. I like that. I like that game. You Fry. But speaking of comparisons, some of the youngsters coming up, I've seen a lot of people do a lot of, You know, comparisons for Ace Bailey to say, You know, best case scenario he could be a really, he could be close to Tracy McGrady. How you feel about that? I like Ace Bailey's game. I actually went and see him and play this year. Kid has tremendous upside, smooth about 6, 6, 7, 6 8. Got a nice shot, tough shot maker. You gotta be a tough shot maker if you wanna be compared to me, you gotta be able to make tough shots and I think he, he's gonna be able to de develop in that creativity off the dribble needs to get better.


But he has the potential Most definitely. Obviously we know you went straight outta high school to the league with the NIL situation. Now we know you do a lot of mentoring you around these kids. What's the advice that you give them now? But You know what I'm saying, you could possibly make more money going back to school than being a first round pick. You saying what would I do? Oh, I know what you do. I'm saying what advice would you give the youngest Man? I honestly, I I Think you gotta have people around you that, that understands finances. Okay. You know what I mean? Because giving high school kids, You know, two $5 million, that's tough to have for them on their mental, I was 18 years old coming outta high school, signed a $12 million deal.


But I still kept my drive. Like I didn't let that affect where I wanted to go with my game. And I think a lot of these kids now, man I'm hearing 'em, it's like they feel like they made it when they get their money bro. It takes a little bit of that drive away. Yeah. And I don't think these kids have that same type of drive or You know, and and enthusiasm to reach the highest level of basketball within themselves. You know what I'm saying? When they get this money I think they lose a little bit of that and it's, it's, it's strong and important that they have people around them that can understand the money and what to do with it but also keep them level headed and keep them focused on the task at hand.


And that's improving as a basketball player. 'cause You know where near where you're gonna be in five to 10 years. Most Definitely. And you talk about this all the time 'cause TE is a coach right now, the NIL it looks good but it could stunt your growth where you, you get this money now, you could jeopardize the money later. But it's crazy how y'all talk about it as professionals but they take advice from other people who ain't even got to that level yet. Yeah. It's like they forget the main thing. Like the goal is to make it to the S NBA. Yeah. Like that's the goal. I tell all the kids that I come in contact with like, okay, you can get this money, that's great, you can help your family right now. But the goal is to make it to the league like $2 million. Believe it or not, it go kind of quick A lot. It ain't a lot. Yeah, it's not a lot.


I used to think people was crazy when they said that and I'm like $2 million you crazy. I'd be good for life but in that world it goes kind of quick though. Yeah. You trying to keep up with the Joneses. Yeah. Then when you run out your money, then your family looking at you like what's next? Yeah. Now you done fucked your whole self up and your career so I get it. Yeah, that'd be the first thing is they take care of everybody else with that money. They stressed out now they don't get no more money. Yeah, it's scary man. It's a scary situation. You know what I mean? Because these guys are so fragile and it's glorified on social media. So that's all they see. Yeah. They're consuming all this information via social media and they think, damn I'm getting this money. Like I got a lot of money in my pocket.


I'm rich now. Nah bro, you, you ain't nowhere near that. You could blow that shit to tomorrow. Most Definitely. Sure. Now you talking about you came into the league of 18, You know what I'm saying? Got you some chicken but now you responsible. But what was your first like wild out purchase was like, all right, I'm on that today. My first while out purchase. Sh honestly my wife like, cus listen Hold on, look back man. Now Look, let me explain. Alright, Lemme Explain, lemme explain. So I al this is crazy Because what Act like you went, you married Yeah, yeah. You broke bread. Yeah you broke bread.


So favorite you way Now let me tell you. So I always like Biggie was my favorite artist back then and Biggie used to talk about Lexus Land Cruiser. Okay. So I always wanted a Lexus Land Cruiser bro. So when I graduated high school I drove to Raleigh 'cause that's, I was in Durham, North Carolina. I drove to Raleigh, I mac the Lexus dealership looking to get my Land cruiser. I see this, this female that's the receptionist. And I was like damn. So I had to go talk to her. I to see what's up after that. This is the time where before the draft I'm, I'm driving, I'm going around touring all my teams man.


So I got connected with her. The bulls are playing. We go to dinner watching the S NBA finals. I felt like this is gonna be my wife bro. I'm traveling from city to city. Calling her on the, on the flight on my flight checking in. That's when they had phones on the plane. So I'm swiping my credit card calling this woman. This was 1997 fam. It's what, 2025 still married? That's five, four kids later. So yeah Y back for That Great investment. The best great investment Was my wife. Damn. 97 That's yeah. Nine, seven dog. How old was, was he 10 97?


How old were you? I'm 37. 97. I was seven. Yeah. Ooh I was 10. About to be 10. Now I gotta ask a question. Did you still buy the car? I still bought the car for sure. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Where is it at now? Oh, I saw it. Nah, that's just, man, that motherfucker probably crushed somewhere in the, in the junkyards. I wanted to ask you, did you and Vince ever have any one-on-one matchups? Nah, Never. Nah, We didn't. Where the, tell me about your one-on-one league, man, how that start? So I I I, I started my one-on-one league in 2022 and it's really just based off of my story and how I got to where, You know, I ended up being 1996 junior high school, one of the best players in central Florida.


No one really knew about me and, and outside of my region. Yeah. This guy from Adidas comes to my high school and he has a camp that wants me to attend this camp. I go to A, B, C, D. We all know about the A, B, C, D camp. Lamar Odom, top high school players. I make a name for myself on this platform. Right. It's not that anything changed about me, it's just a platform that I got on and it created, You know, some buzz for me. Yeah. Ended up being the number one player in the country. Well for these kids out here that is being overlooked, probably had some, You know, turbulent times.


Yeah. In their, on their journey to play basketball. Who knows, somebody in the family probably died. They had to step up as a man and take care of the family. You just don't know what that role was for these cats. Yeah. I wanted to create a platform for those type of dudes that, that get overlooked. And one-on-one basketball is not for everybody. It's a lot of talent out there Jeff. You know, it's some cats on your block where you come from. Nice as hell. That one-on-one. So, and to me we all grew up playing one-on-one basketball. That's the pure essence of our sport. So creating that, that that foundation for these guys, that platform. I want to create stars through one-on-one basketball. And that's what OBL is really about. Just really giving guys another chance.


Giving them a hope to live out their dreams Hard. So that's though, 'cause we all come from places it is like such and such could have made it, but such and such could have did this. But, so for somebody else having another outlet, maybe not the most traditional route because you never know what they got going on, but a chance to make it, to feed they families from basketball. That's always a good look for Show. Yeah. So, so check us out. OBL started a YouTube channel week. We on our five part series right now. We got four episodes out and you can see what I'm doing with these guys. Man, they, I think they appreciate that. Yeah, We need to come commentate one of 'em bro. Y'all come do it bro. For Real. I want come commentate, Let come out here and act the fool. My next one. I'm for real for sure. We pull up. All right on wax. I love that. Yeah, So most definitely man. Make some oyster for tac one time for the one time Mac.


Wear them drawers. Mac them your size boy and they ain't thin and that little pouch and I walk around the beach with 'em. Walk around the beach. Well that's on you. No shirt on with just these, just for drones. Oh, you outta pocket. I don't know respect, man. Y'all wear Them boxes for show man. What time Bubble man, y'all keep doing y'all thing. We appreciate y'all. Yeah, give it up. Give it up. Give it up again. Club five 20. Yep. The volume. Okay.


Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old cent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I Get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is an iHeart podcast.