
Everyone knows PayPal is a checkout button for online payments. But now you can use your PayPal debit card online and tap to pay in store. The PayPal debit card is your ultimate pal in paying smart everywhere. And now it earns you 5% cash back on a monthly category of your choosing. Restaurants, apparel, groceries, health and beauty and gas on up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So let's do this after the podcast start earning 5% cash back with the PayPal debit card today. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app. This card is issued by the Bancorp Bank, NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Inc.


I'm Julian Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski. And we are super excited to tell you about our new show, dudes On Dudes. We're Spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details, and honestly just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times. From legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974.


George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story behind the Rumble and the Jungles, like a Hollywood Movie, But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam mc, Kiba, all The biggest Slack artists that on the Planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali, foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. Hey, everyone. This is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three things, Episodes, come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major, League, Baseball that I want to talk about or I.


do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I, create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your go to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major, League, Baseball, No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules, Three, things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media I. want to tell you about my podcast? waken Jake? I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, waken Jake is the place for you. Covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it, new episodes every Monday and Wednesday.


Come watch along on the waken Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcast, or wherever you get your


podcast. The Volume NBA is finally back. A new season means new ways to get into the action at Draftking Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. You can bet on team to win game spreads. And of course the best we always love on a DraftKings sports book, those NBA Player props, rebounds assist points. All the player props you need can be found on DraftKings new customers. Download the DraftKings Sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five two oh and bet $5 to get $200 and bonus bets only on DraftKings. The crown is yours


All we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. That shit look crazy. My is dj. Well same gang with me. Shout to the setup team. Shout to Mel. Shout to freaky mike. Niggas getting tired of this bitch. Hey they seen the Jason Taylor pig. They said damn boy. Them them two of days kicking y'all ass. Y'all want us to smile in pictures? That's weird. Ah bro, that nigga arm was heavy. My boy been in the gym. My boy watch crazy though. Y'all ain't even Pete. I didn't pee. Yeah, be hitting the head. Hold my ain't James. Nah, I got my guys with to my left. My dog Bishop be here out the prayer Lee. How you what? Nasty cool and nasty. I'm ready today baby. Oh okay. My boy in uniform.


We got the okay you got the the exclusive forces on today? Yeah man, gumbo Juice got on my little Nike outfit. Those was coming Gray but fuck we all black today. Hey family. I ain't gonna be eating gumbo tonight 'cause he spilled it when this episode comes out. Yeah, it'll be all right. We done so fuck it shit. Oh he telling that's some ho as shit. Thank God we ain't live. Hey we should have been live. This ain't Patriot. Shout out the DoorDash to my right. My dog Young Nacho Young Tea. Got you. What Man, I'm chilling man. Y'all had me running around all day. I couldn't even put no heat on. I'm mad at myself. Damn. You got the freaky Mike Romero's off. Yeah. Trash. Yeah it has accidentally been a busy day. Yeah, on the low things been up ripping and running.


That's the funny part about this podcast shit. 'cause people just think we just pull up and talk. Yeah, nah. Yeah it's a lot. Mike be having us do a lot of bullshit. Yeah, he met with what's your boy's name, Jerry Kurt Eng. Jerry met with Jerry. You caught him. He gonna get us right a pull up on B. Oh Lord. What's the dog name? Swerve. What Dog Swerve about to pull up on Swerve. AKA Jaheem, whatever you wanna do bro. I just come on the show so we can talk. He jaheem then or Jaheem now Jaheem about about to Swer.


He about to swerve up on Yeah, the only swerve I know is G Herbo. They said they said Swerve on that. Nah man I come on the show so we can really talk this restless shit and you can get the real from me at least my perspective. The wrestling. Listen man, you, you know what I'm saying? You've had some incredible moments on this show but I ain't gonna hold you the Dre Beats and the Stream is probably one of the funniest things you've said in this podcast bro. That's top five bro. But it is pissing people off in it's taken outta context. No bro. The the real wrestlers was like oh that's funny with all whoop his fat ass. First of all bitch I never said that I will fight any of y'all.


I never even disrespected Mike. Mike wrestled. We just roasted what he had on and how they started this shit off. Like I respect all y'all niggas touching each other paws. Like however y'all gotta get a man down and win a match, get a man down however y'all win. Y'all matches in the boxing ring. I ain't never did none of that, you feel me? So it's all love. We just, you know I'm gonna crack jokes on everybody. Swirly Mike. Jeff said it was one on top, one on bottom. I don't know nothing about that in wrestling. Swear, because I've never been to a high school wrestler match. I just asked why y'all in the ring a high school wrestler match. I know them was never fed, never stand was not open.


None. And if it was always serve with popcorn. Yeah, ain't no no wrestling league ever had a senior night ever. Matter of fact they, senior night they walk, they senior night they walked out on the basketball court. Yeah they do with the after cheerleaders. Yeah like senior night and the wrestling team be one nigga literally do Are they in uniform like everybody else? Nah, they be having like on their var hell letter, their jackets and shit. I ain't never seen the Wrestl niggas. Well all my niggas was crazy. They was probably locked up by the time wrestling season was over with for sure. But to all the wwe, all the hell tech punk, everybody a W man.


A W man swerving a W you gonna pull up on and dude, hold on. Does the a w do they wear the helmets or they Nah, they professional wrestling. Oh okay, cool, cool, cool. They they come on TNT Respect. Hey what's crazy is they be, they be performing their F square in the city. Shout the hot boys. They be having the amateurs bro. They be really breaking they bones bro. For 1500. I salute to them they, I don't care what they got going on. They athletes because they be out here wrestling in the street. For real. For real. All. So this is my thing. So you saying they really wrestling, that's fine. So why is the WWE e why are they active? It is, it's scripted. It's scripted and there's millions of dollars behind. I'm That's fine bro. That's over the, I'm just explaining to you the difference. They trying to get into that situation.


So they down there below the G league, they out here fighting for whatever, they just trying to get attention WWE bro. That's like the traveling circus bro. They putting on the show everywhere they go every night it's millions of dollars best. I think that's really the difference between the two. So I joined on you niggas outfits and he just called y'all the black circus. He's not gonna get, it's like it like the circus saying that's, that's crazy. And I compare y'all and Mike, you know he corrected me the martial artists and you know karate, whatever. I'm still taking karate or martial artists over wrestling nigga bro. Yeah, a real fight probably. Yes. And that's all I was saying. It is no disrespect to what y'all do get y'all money, you feel me?


I know it's all play play. I get it. No it ain't But for y'all to just, they oil y'all up, they push y'all on all them steroids so y'all moved apart bro they don't do that no more. Come on man. I seen the nigga that did Jackie Chan's stunt sometimes bro just duplicate bro. Jackie Chan did all his stunts. No he did bro. That was Ka bro. Him and Tom Cruise, they do their own sons. They know bro. That's ka bro. You seen the rush hour outtakes bro. Oh bro. It's a nigga at China Walk doing fuck he's so racist bro. He called nigga a jalapeno nigga. Well that cus he wore, first of all, shout out to the Spanish community. Raymond Studio used to wear all green. He dressed for Halloween every, every, he wore yellow colors bro.


Bro. Well his main colors is green. I thought he called him a jalapeno because he Spanish. Nah because he little See he nah he short, he short Oprah, he like, he like five too bro. So no disrespect to the Spanish community either y'all. I'm sorry that was just, I've been calling him that few also, we offended him too. We said if Vince mc game was now Spanish, he is not a part of y'all lineage just because he got a 10. I dunno about that. You can be anything you wanna do these days. So pretty much love. Who you would've loved Speaker look like anything Dwayne Wade said it is okay that the statue don't look like him. Yeah he ain't too much. He give a fuck about yeah shit nigga. Hey this nigga for me, y'all, y'all hear something?


He ain't even drink nothing yet. No this, this nigga got straight water sober. That's why I say y'all come play be prepared swirly. I do this shit, shit for real bitch he ain't never had shit. I be jumping on motherfuckers but I, it's all love though. But yeah I don't, why would he care bro? He, that nigga really looked at as he don't even talk. First of all he changed his voice like Cat when he said who is this guy? I'm like man get this nigga out man. I don't got say but man you one of the greatest all the time he deserve statue bro. Cold bro. Most definitely if you like it, you love it bro. I seen something bro. That what they doing LeBron now Miami.


That shit looks crazy. I'm tell you right now, LeBron statue will not look like a Wayne Way statue. I can guarantee you that. I, if this is a fake, this is a hell of a fake one. I'm gonna show y'all. I think that dude sent this to my IG bro. It's wicked bro. The things that they've cropped in Wayne Wades face when that statue in and other stuff has been absolutely ridiculous bro. Bro. And I seen him on Planet of the eighth. That's when I was like yeah they taking it too far man it was too easy bro. He probably at home laughing though. I know he probably really don't care. He don't give a bro, they cropped him on the crying Jordan face. And I said that's crazy bro. Good, well soon man to the whole white family man I got more fish to fry Sw knee Sw.


Hey man I can't wait to Swerve pull up on you. Hey we gotta get beheaded in wrestling content man bro you gotta go on the ring bro. That shit gonna be so fucked. I would, I would, I think walking up the steps gonna be hilarious. Yo. What's your interest music boy as Shit love soa. I coming after salsa and the fake dreads because y'all, it is all fake anyway now you're Jimmy. So now you get the Hairpiece bro. I'm gonna ask Chief Kefi and gimme, gimme the Chicago Bulls jersey with no name on the back but I want 23 on the front with the Chicago with Cursor.


What kind of page you gonna have on Breakaways? Oh I thought you was gonna go Ja seen short. Nah its Timber. Nah, breakaways is tight bro. What's up bro? Bro The burs in black Jersey with Breakaways is crazy. That's wild. Put the red down the side. The strike can be a A him or the bar ball. Oh the bar for sure bro. The bar man. LaVar didn't turn up how he supposed to bro. You gotta go in there and play the role bro. Be entertaining. Beat that nigga ass a meow Snoop. That's what Isabella was a goat. Nah, that's hard though. Hey man, shout out to Raye man.


Oh lord. What Ray J do now man first of all if you haven't watched it, your cousin and Ray J Brown please watch that interview. But allegedly, allegedly. You know what I'm saying? Diddy's kids pressed up on Ray J and Chris Brown saved the day man. That's that's what the report is out here. That's a hell of a saved by Chris. But why? Why they press up on Regie? Oh I think, you know what I'm saying, during situations some some talking about the family situations and I don't think the, the Diddy kids was feeling that. Allegedly. Allegedly. Of course it was probably about some girls too. You know how Regie, Regie Ray I call him Reggie Rej slicing the dice of shit. You know they running the same circles. I'm trying to think about Diddy Kids La Smile Justin slapping shit for Oh he did play football didn't he Little nigga.


Oh that you hear me though? Let that curl fool you. He whooping shit bro be on that. They probably tired of all that. They catching niggas. They like damn bro we know you like we probably used to, you know people like us saying it but you been to the crib, you fuck with us. Like don't get on there doing all that. Yeah because if Pops was home you'll be Yeah at the crib you've had injury, you feel me? Yeah but that is Ray j though. Ray J being a part of every viral moment in life is hilarious bro. Nah for sure. But Chris Brown's saving him made it funny. It makes sense though that miss his peoples Chris and Justin and them, they really rock with each other. So that's probably bro you ain't, nah not tonight bro. You don't need to get in trouble man. I fuck with Chris Brown for that though bro.


Yeah that's a real nigga. Shit. Wack instigating it made it much more funnier. Oh Lord. Oh Wack got on this. Yeah my god He had it on live. He was just like hey don't post us. He said no we live right now. Everybody hear this shit Ray J he tried to do that AJ are we live? He said no nigga we're live, everybody's going to hear this. I'm not cutting this off. Said they pressure you bro. We gonna get back at him. Ray J got more fish to fry too bro. I gotta go tap in. I ain't listen to Whack in a minute. Him letting OB kiss his hand like that bro. It's crazy bro. OB is crazy. That's why I call C C's tripping man. I seen Orlando Brown. I know y'all don't be knowing what we be talking about. Orlando C was running down the street man somebody pulled him over, he start talk calling himself Puff Man damn. I said damn CI heard Matrix funny Marco out of pocket for him to have them mics hanging up.


He knew what he was doing. Why did he do that? Why little C got up there? What C doing man He talking about he he didn't be, he didn't smack bow Wow shit man how he got up in that chair and hitting Bow. Wow. It's crazy bro. Bro it is insane bro. But the people asking Bow wow for a response to that's crazy because whatcha you supposed to say when a nigga put that type out? Nigga tell tell the world he tore you off. It showed the world I he tore you up. It's crazy. I get cu under control. What's the response to that about I got called, you gotta pull up bro. I gotta call funny Marco out of pocket because usually funny Marco is up there and he don't break like you know what I mean? Niggas cannot make him laugh but bro Obie the he the go for that bro.


Yeah I got called for that. I know you, I know you put on the show but got yeah he going too far in that. I don't think that he's putting on a show. Nah hey bro he ain't hit bad wild bro. We not. No I know that part I'm saying as far as I don't think he's pretending bro. He pretending. Aw bro bro they paid him in the non bag and some work he is out there just li why did he have a tuxedo off? Because he whiling bro. He is if more real for bro. Why would he do that to the mic He got, he hurt my heart. My auntie was fucked up. Shit put his mouth on. I said motherfucker Marco shoulda pushed his motherfucker stomach bro.


Bullshit. My auntie hurt by that shit man that's really fucked up bro. I don't know what kind of drugs do is. Oh I can tell you dog boo. Oh yeah I about to say the one mike take, they don't do that. No them just keep you awake. Yeah bro ain't got them drugs. Yeah those are the alert drugs Mike use. You probably have a long night alert don't been having a long life That how ain ended since he started. Yeah y'all see Mike there ain't no motherfucking red boy. Yeah like the, that candy that activated the drug Mike use it ain't it The gold pack. He's like the supreme gold pack.


He I he take his head off this. You knew it's real. Said damn he got a haircut. Fuck it. We because I only you gotta mess with somebody shit. Oh some real shit. I only owe motherfuckers and stings get they haircut every three weeks or every three bucks bucks. You going out with a haircut every three months is crazy bro. Go get a go get a line up bro. The jeans shout to shout out to Lineage man.


Listen we talk about this in the morning but we gonna have a real conversation about this. Anthony Richardson said he was tired on third down. It's one of the craziest things I've seen in football bro. What would you do if one of your kids told you they were tired in the third quarter? I'd take their ass up. No I ain't gonna say third quarter say it is pivotal play the game. Gotta Yeah that's what I'm saying. Like it's like fourth quarter I'm tired coach. It is different though. Basketball's like this. Yeah, different possessions and you play both sides of the ball. He ain't gonna play both sides of the ball. You right bro. So you can't be tired as a quarterback. You only play both sides of the ball. Fuck you tired Like I ain't saying you can't be tired but like nah bro. Travis Hunter can say I'm tired.


Come on bro. For sure. Do y'all think he used tired as an excuse though? Maybe he mentally was just like the fans and shit is getting to me. They booing me. They they fucking me up. I'm just gonna say I'm tired. I'll take that my, I ain't mad at that. My problem with that situation is that one you have to lie. Let's just be clear. You have to lie in the situation. There's no way you can go into that podium and say that you can do anything else but that. Oh I'm just tired. 'cause now it's just like alright bro you've already struggled the last game they booed you, they booed you at home and then you somebody else scored and you celebrating like crazy. Brother Mcf last is out for you right now. So you can't really do that. I say your thumb shit. Yeah make up something bro. That's, that's where you're supposed to lie. You know what, they can't ever tell somebody told me this a long time ago.


You just wanna say out the game, they never can check your hamstring. Ain't nothing you can do to tell me my hamstring don't hurt. Mm Think about it. Alright you if I do. Ah tight. Yeah it's tight. Can't never tell me my hamstring don't hurt. Yeah. Unless somebody air out the parking lot you ain't gonna tell. Yeah now y'all at the club, you leaving the club. You can say everybody hamstring BB he just wasn't thinking. I mean unless I didn't hear him say I don't know unless they lying on him. That's the craziest shit probably ever in sports. It is. It's, I mean he said it in the interview. I gonna say he said it bro. Oh okay. I didn't see it like I, and a lot of people are asking if that's retaliation, like him getting benched in the situation and regardless of the situation, I feel like it's unfair for him.


He has to play like you can't develop a quarterback on the bench if you're giving the keys to your friend house to a young player. You have to give him time to develop. Even if you say all right we wanna move over from hill and you gonna draft him to the quarterback, guess what you gotta do? Well you don't know how good that gonna be. So here in Indiana, I'm gonna just say to a rich bro, I grew up here my whole life as a black athlete and as the quarterback after we done had some of the best quarterbacks in the world ever and they were white, you can't do that. Nah bro. March in the area slim. Yeah. Yeah. Not here. And this is not like a critical thing to correct Anthony on but like for his longevity, all these white quarterbacks who are promised to be good or come out first round bro, they can be trash as they want to and there'll be career backups.


Yeah. You do not have that same situation. You look at Trey Lenz bro Trey Len is 24 years old and the Cowboys is just like well he's damaged goods he's already damaged against in the 49 ERs he gonna have to get a clipboard after the situation. Right. It's not the same type of field. So that's why when we say critical stuff and ain't to judge, we want him to succeed. He's like you said we got a black quarterback in that turn. That shit the fuck up. Yeah dog. You can't do that. You gotta be more polished than that. You don't have as much of a least as you think that you have. Yeah you can't do that here. Yeah, they thought he was gonna be Colin Murray, Lamar Jackson like yeah he can't do, he can't do that here. Not here. Yeah. And what's messed up is you know obviously he got a lot to go say his story for is written but if it does not work out they're going to use him as a poster child to never get a black quarterback there and that's fucked up go or you celebrated not tolerate it, fuck around, go somewhere else and kill.


For real. He might, I mean treat him right. I mean you got him. Yeah but shit, some shit you bring on yourself. Yeah I was gonna say yeah you just gotta be president the moment. Like you said young. I ain't gonna say rookie mistake but young man's mistake. You can't ever say that's like you coming out the game and the clutch but like damn I was tired. They gonna be like what? What? Like what we gotta get somebody in here man that's wanna compete. Come on Dylan. Schroer facts. I ain't ever say I was tired but my knee definitely was hurt but I ain't never want to come. I don't even know them kind of moments like as a competitor I never want to come out in them kind of moments. Matter of fact, like when JT said to y'all the other day when he was like t was asking for the ball. Yeah I wasn't really ask for the ball but I ain't scared of that moment like shit but I just knew if I shot the last shot it was fucking over hell.


Who the fuck you think he's like, and I would've don't let you miss it. No I would've shot it though. I don't care 'cause I don't care what people say. That's how he gotta kind of take it like I don't think it's probably messing with his head a little bit. And this ain't the easiest fan base to deal with. Like you said they they have a a history of the worst quarterback the worst. Yeah that's tough to to bounce back with. Yeah, but hopefully the locker room is rocking with 'em. You know they got some solid people in there, they got some consummate professionals. Hopefully they keeping him grounded because obviously it's a difference between the organizations standpoint and then that locker room. So he'll be okay for sure. No he gonna be cool. I mean they used to fuck with Brit a little bit and yeah and still playing one of the few backup quarterbacks who had to keep his job as a black man which is crazy. They hated Brit though.


Yeah that was a fact bro. They was calling him brisket, they was calling him all types of crazy shit bro. Just to go to Gardner Mitchell and be happy about as fuck that was nasty bro. Last year at Miss Mania but one of the most chaotic quarterbacks ever. They celebrated that. Yeah they celebrated Carson Wi Carson Wi was ass as had T-shirts. He had merch here bro. Where they at now? That's the wheeler mics. Anybody with a Carson Wish T-shirt is out of pocket. I ain't gonna lie, they ain't fuck with my dog Matt Ryan though. They ain't fuck with Maddy Ice. Well what's crazy is old ass Matt, you know what I'm saying? He was actually all right though. Him and Phillip Rivers bro. They was borderline teams. Yeah. Damn y'all had some shit here. This is the place where quarterbacks go to die bro. This is the last hurrah bro.


You are a young quarterback. Don't let this be your your painting ground man. Go crazy. Damn.


October also brings us the start of the new NBA season Hoops is in full effect and with all the basketball going on, you shouldn't have to worry about when you buy tickets to your next big event. Game time is a fast and easy way to buy tickets for all the sports, music, comedy and theater events near you with the great last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat and the best price guarantee Game Time takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. So go ahead and take the guesswork outta buying tickets with game time. Download the game time app, create an account and use the Code Club five 20 for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and Redeem Code Club five 20 for $20 off. Download the game Time app today. Last minute tickets, lowest price guarantee.


I'm Julian Delman, I'm Rob Gronkowski. Guess what folks? We're teammates again and we're gonna welcome you guys all to dudes on Dudes. I'm a dude, you're a dude. And dudes on Dudes is our brand new show. We're gonna highlight players, peers, guys that we played against Legends from the past and we're just gonna sit here and talk about 'em and we'll get into the types of dudes. We kind of types of dudes are there Grown. We got Studs Wizards, we got Freaks or a dude's dude, we got Dogs Dog. We'll break down their games. We'll share some insider stories and determine what kind of dude each of these dudes are. Is Randy Moss a stud or a freak? Is Tom Brady a dog or a dude's? Dude, we're Gonna find out Jules. New episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


Man we talked about this but Bronny and LeBron in Cleveland is still for as hell bro. I want them to wild out. This is gonna come out after the game is already played but I want something crazy to happen to Cleveland Night. Ronnie score his first bucket in, in, in Cleveland? Yeah bro. No he ain't get, he ain't a bucket. He might because Cleveland gonna blow him out. I mean I know this is gonna come out tomorrow and the game is tonight but it's predictions. I just hope Cleveland blow him out. I'm a Cleveland fan. Oh my god. Kenny Jackson. Why are you hoping that bro? Kenny Jackson. My guy bro. That's why the hole bro. Well Kenny set this one out. This moment is bigger than you bro. They already had they moment. Oh he came in the game of LeBron in la. Oh bro I need a score where I was born bro. Pass the ball. They play the ken in charge.


Nah bro charge I need a dunk on somebody tonight bro. Who bro? Nah my son, my C Bronny. C Don't Bronny just get a dunk in a game bro. That's gonna be the most hype clip can I bet on that not drafting. You can. Yeah, I was gonna say something. Crown is Jewish on something else. You can but okay. Yeah that's a different different situation. But I think he might get a breakaway dunk the numbers. They play the numbers. Yeah. Yo except cash.


He might get a breakaway dunk tonight bro. If if that if he plays bro, he's gonna play well bro. He's not gonna have a preseason. He got more of a target on his back then Lonzo Ball. Yeah, for sure. And and mind you, Lonzo Ball is a number two pick. Yeah. And he's a 55th pick. When people see Bronny come in the game, they eyes is like yeah I'm on that because they gonna get a, they get a highlight on him. They viral for two weeks. What? What if he gets a highlight on them? They not. That's what I'm saying, he not about to do shit bro. That will foul him before that happens. Yeah, nigga's gonna play so hard. Okay. When he get the ball and he probably like, bro I'm the 55th pick. Why y'all so hard bro? You gonna help me go viral, YouTube go up.


That's funny that you said that 'cause I forgot about that. Lonzo definitely had a target on his back because of LaVar. Sure. And people was taking his super perfectly. I played him his first preseason game. Dang cooked him couldn't wait. I was like yes ha. That was my first game in Minnesota. First preseason game I was clowning. We played him in Anaheim somewhere out there. I was clowning but it was him. I'm like yeah lemme make sure this nigga know it ain't like that Pab was on his top two. Pat bed was definitely on that man. Yeah. So that's why you didn't get the shoot down. Now we gotta make it make sense now. Oh yeah. But yeah I, my first game I was, that's when we seen Cosman was killing. I'm like who the fuck is this? He was killing. They like yeah he the best rookie they got.


I'm like oh all yeah K was nice. Yeah he killed that summer too. I remember watching that that who else has killed that summer too? Did JT kill that summer? That summer league? I'm trying to think. But yeah it was, I remember they was like all summer league team. I was like damn this Coolman dude. Right. Alonzo got an opportunity and he made the best of his opportunity. Y'all was hating. I hating. He made the best. What I'm saying, y'all went after him all he number two pick though. Yeah, but I'm saying like the hype helped you. I'm gonna show this motherfucker this ain't GL and glam. I was like that to everywhere. Everybody was like that to him in the league. I'm just talking about the hype. Yeah. Bronny give you my opportunity bro. Give him my opportunity.


Give him my opportunity to let him let him get cooked. But damn, let him get his feet wet too bro. I ain't gonna lie, I, I just don't know if he Darius Garland. She am God. Yeah all. I just don't know if he, I ain't hat I think I'm not hating. I don't care about Bronny and Bronny and LeBron. Play the game. Do whatever y'all want. Yeah. I hope Bryce make it to the league too but honestly when my eye, when I watch the game, I just don't think he that nice at basketball. Like that's your real opinion. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I ain't, I'm not hating. Nah but I just don't think I be like bro I don't, I don't see it like when I watched USC last year, I know he was hurt, he got hurt, you know serious injury or whatever.


But I'm just like nah like nah I don't, I don't see it. Yeah, especially in that position in basketball too. Yeah. I just don't see it like preseason. I'm like I don't see it like connect. I see it. I be like yeah Knix go who West Side Connect. That's my boy. But yeah. So I gotta ask y'all a question. If they got the same amount of time in the game, who scored more points? Bronny or Ben Simmons? Bronny. Ben is Simmons an Allstar bro. You know Ben one of my favorite players ever. But he just not on that this year though. Ben Simmons are Allstar bro. He chilling bro. He is a max player bro. It ain't been, nah I'm not saying he bro just said points.


I'm talking about today if score now today right now if you need because Bronny shoots, you know he put that motherfucker up. I I, yeah Bronny ain't scared to shoot. Yeah that's the only reason why I'm saying I'm taking, being over Bronny. That's a no brainer for me. Yeah I'm not even going that far. But if you need six points to cover your parlay you gotta put it in for bro. Bro was shooting damn near 15 times a game. Yeah Bronny is shoot the ball. I ain't, I don't think he's scared to shoot the ball. Yeah. After Ben didn't take that layoff. I'm like damn that hurts the see man. I know it's a different road. You got your guards, you know did shorter killing cam killing. But it sucks to just see that bro. I seen a meme bro. Somebody, I think somebody fouled him or something and the meme had his face smiling like give me a reason to take off again.


I say oh y'all bogus as hell bro. Y'all bogus as hell. I dunno, I can't, I I swear to God I cannot understand it bro. That's like the craziest thing I ever seen like his drop off from like it was, it is just crazy. I can't understand it bro. Yeah and like obviously we not making fun of nobody being injured 'cause like we always root for being and still do. It's just like to see the confidence go away. I think that's the thing that fucks with me. It's just like I understand it. I saw the bro game bro. You lost the love of the game. You love the, it ain't no way I could be on a max deal and I, I just from being on a max deal, I'll shoot 15 shots and you can, where you at? Yeah, I'll just be shooting 15 shots.


I don't give a fuck hit make or miss. I'll be getting 15 up a game. I'm on a max deal. Give a fuck. Yeah, I, I can't even vouch for him no more. I really don't know. No I'm high on being, I, I would love to like really for him to talk to somebody and just say like what happened? Like yeah I just wanna know but fuck it. Yeah I dunno. Who he didn't sit down with for sure. Oh boy. Nah, Clark, Clark. Clark. Clark might. Clark gets that's a good one. Get back to aging 20. You gonna pivot Actually set that up. Alright. Do your job. Call him nigga go Sha sharp boy. He might be in trouble. Oh boy.


He gonna say it sharp. He he gonna be in the G league talk about shit he ain't supposed to. Hey did y'all see that shit? This might be fake too but I love NBA central. That's funny. Whoever run that, I swear to God I used some forces in some places. They said that before Katie was just at the Kardashian party. Nigga bitch who booked For And they him out. That shit fake that shit so disrespectful because after the first game they had they said Bronny James was retired from basketball.


I Hey man you see the one today? He was this plays Said The Los Angeles Lakers bro. Permission to play his game. The Sintel is crazy bro. Ask Quick shout them niggas out. Nah bro locked in. That's my family bro. Dale Brown could be your cousin bro. I really birth bro. Oh shit about that. You ain't seen him in no February years. He ain't claiming all up This Malcolm Old? No this one he was selling on Disney Channel and shit. Oh wow.


Yeah ain't been in house since then. Y got the real old me pulled up. He was three J Take that. How youe Raven Simone gotta pull up bro. Where with him? Somewhere have Royal sit down bro. No you gotta let Ga who's Oprah friend name Who's the girl that interviewed to? To my cousin. Man you know the funniest dude. I'm crying man. Now the king arguably you some I dunno how to hog top people and she was asking follow up questions that made it.


He getting Y'all, You ain't seen that yet? I know that Hell show is going crazy out there. Where he at boy? Ah his about him and to Lanes bro that making it lead mix tape bro. I seen him like mopping the floor singing one day somebody was recording him was like damn hyping him up like keep singing that Shit or Come down Earth. No he ain't say that but he was singing though. Shout to Cece Js in. Hey man we gotta talk about your Hawks man. Booie teaching that white child to swag surf on the sideline is one of the craziest things I've seen bro. Booie for president man they doing anything in that motherfuck stadium.


I mean Arena. Hey what they got haircuts they play Friday? Yeah they do got haircuts. Shout to my dog Mel P he be cutting up there. Damn. Yeah y'all fool gotta get better though. I ain't gonna lie. Been there. Oh that fool was weekend last time. I don't know nothing about that. They play Friday. They play Friday against the Kings right? Yep. Hey listen, I know we can talk about anybody arenas all the time but I'll never forget Charleston, mark Cuban Dallas, that friend's a family situation got he leads, he the best in the business bro. Best owner in the business. He sold us. He sold like he ain't in it no more but he gotta but you guys know what you mean for sure Mob ties forever. Nah for sure. But did you see that his interview when he talked about why he took the role he has and kind of sold it?


It he was just like this is something that stays in the family forever and he was just like, my kids don't wanna do this shit. Yeah. And he was just like, I'm not about to burden him with this is something they don't want do. Like I'd rather just get what I get from it and let them do what they wanna do. Yeah, I I I always appreciate him for how he carried himself and how he you know, approached everything. Even when it came to like the best food in the business, private plane, all that stuff. He always wanted to like up the scope. Yeah. And he put pressure on the rest of the owners. For sure. For sure. Like you said that that's a a big difference. Especially when it comes to like attracting free agents or having admit stuff. Yeah regardless of salaries and stuff, everybody wants to be in the best work situation they can be in. Yeah and if you look at the way that they're playing right now, especially like he said like embracing Kyrie like you can tell the difference in even how he started playing with that type of energy because last year he went through a lot of different stuff where he got there now.


Like right now they looking like title contenders. For real. For real. Yeah. Like even him having food for Kyrie, you know when he going through Ramadan like that's, that's huge because I wonder what Yeah when he eating like peanuts on the bench or, and bro the Nets was like bro we got this peanut butter and jelly afterwards bro. He had a real prepared meal. Vegan meal. Yeah that niggas gonna pass out. He was on on the hos, he was about to get out the mud and the Hornets eat this McDouble nigga McDouble so bro We don about that and Gatorades, I wonder who got the worst like franchise like where the players like man damn I'm shitty y'all don't play at the house.


We stuck with this. This motherfucker don't even feed this type shit. Man. Cincinnati's owners used to be notorious for being cheap. I remember they was talking about they had to use like two small towels because they just wouldn't like they didn't spend no budget on none of the stuff And that was like that ran a lot of people outta the The Bangles? Yes. Oh wow. I ain't gonna lie. The Pacers organization is dope. Like the people in it and they just wouldn't like do stuff at the other franchise. Like when I came from Atlanta. Yeah like we got food all the time. Like if you had a a shoot around after to shoot around they had food for you like BA brunch or whatever. Right. So when I came to the Pacers I'm like hey y'all like where the brunch at the first I remember my first, I'm like where brunch at?


He was like nigga brunch you talking about? I'm like y'all don't get brunch after this shit. They're like no nigga. So I'm like I man y'all know what I'm talking about. I go to the Larry Bird right there. I'm like yo where the brunch, where y'all the food at? He was like, you get per diem right. I was like yeah. He was like go find something to eat. I was like damn. So he do. I'm like hey yo. Everywhere else they get brunch, they get this and shit. He was like, I was like tell 'em, you know what I mean? He was like bro we ain't never got that. So that was, I'm not but everything else was great. Like they, when it came to performance and stuff like they trainers and stuff, they the best in the business like Josh and them Col for sure. That's crazy.


Larry told you to get it out the mud. I give you perm. Right, you get per diem don't you hit you with it back in my day. Like damn, damn. The per diem is crazy. Y'all gotta have, gimme a waffle bro on some Turkey bacon bro. I swear to God I that's what I waiting for. I'm like yeah where the, where the brunch of I'm get waffle, Turkey bacon, some fruit. Yeah sit there, chop it up with people for a little bit and nah they wasn't on that damn bro. That's like high school practice. Alright y'all see y'all the bars, I swear to God two three. I swear to God I'm like damn but no pregame meal or another getting granola bars and apples. That's crazy. But they do it now though, so obviously you know people, enough people came they was like alright we gotta switch some shit up for sure.


I'm Julian Edelman, I'm Rob Gronkowski. Guess what folks? We're teammates again and we're gonna welcome you guys all to dudes on Dudes. I'm a dude, you're a dude and Dudes on Dudes is our brand new show. We're gonna highlight players, peers, guys that we played against Legends from the past and we're just gonna sit here and talk about 'em and we'll get into the types of dudes. What kind of types of dudes are there? Drunks. We got Studs, wizards, we got Freaks or Dudes. Dude we got Dogs Dog. We'll break down their games. We'll share some insider stories and determine what kind of dude each of these dudes are. Is Randy Moss a stud or a freak? Is Tom Brady a dog or a dude's? Dude, We're gonna find out Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


Obviously it's been only a couple games into the NBA season. What stood out for y'all? Some things y'all, y'all rocking with right now? Well I'll talk about what I hate to see. Oh go even better. The different nuggets man they they it's they put yoic through the ringer man. Free yolk man. My boy need to pull a Joel l and b man. He need a day off. Lot of wear and tear man. Need a day off. You see your B got well the Sixers getting fined for that. Yeah bro, I told y'all you can't do that bro. Like I get it but y'all clowning now bro. You just, you just telling me you not playing like you can't do that and I'm giving you a trillion dollars bro. Daryl Morey, we gotta pull the string somewhere bro. And then you and PG not playing.


Is he hurt? I don't think he's, bro, I don't, I I think that if this was a serious game I think that Joe will beat me playing but he didn't miss what four fuck game. Yeah he's not played at all this season and the NBA is just like all right so y'all gonna be bold and come out and say this shit and then y'all just gonna play in our face like that. Yeah especially we y'all on lot these sleep bro. Televis matchups. I just don't understand why he ain't playing. He gotta be hurt bro. Something gotta be hurt. I don't disagree. I feel like I don't think he's a hundred percent by any means but also again them coming out the way that they said it and you know the dur Mme situation, they feel how they feel about him and he don't give a damn like yeah I paid them fines, I need my superstars for the postseason. Ah but yeah but then that's what I'm saying, you got people like yo is playing nigga back to back OT games bro.


40 pieces. He probably, if he played tonight, I don't know if they do but he'll probably rock out tonight too and he hate basketball facts so he like nigga if I'm doing it bro y'all can play. That's what I'm saying it is. I know I just, I don't rock with that at all. Shit that stood out for me is the Cavaliers bro. I ain't, I mean for them to be undefeated right now, even though they play tonight against the Lakers, it is just kind of impressive bro. And they kind of going under the radar. I fuck with it. Even though he like Donovan Mitchell has some problems with the coaching staff last year supposedly whatever. Yeah so for him to be quiet and everybody just going smooth right now I'm rocking with the calves bro. For sure. Evan Moby called Evan Moby.


That's the parts I think that he needs to take that next step for them to be a real serious team in East For sure. I think he's very capable for sure. Gotta get some offense man. He do but that nigga can rebound boy like Robin damn near. Yeah he gotta get some better offense once his offense develop a little more. Damn but with Kenny he gonna be all right. Yeah so listen man, I'll tell you some shit I ain't happy about the patience win in one game y'all one and three? Yeah where y'all beat? We'll be one four when this sauce. 'cause I know damn sure we not beating the Boston Celtics. They might take off not know y'all Who, who, who they might take off. Not on y'all. Ah bro. Everybody put up on the plan that one of them niggas gonna beat there today. I'm sure I remember Jason Taylor nigga set that this one out bro.


It ain't worth it. Don't do like not for real. We ain't worth playing for. Not for real. They they they bench can play y'all and compete and fuck around and win like Peyton Prichard and all them can come off the bench and hoop and blank face caught it black man Horford, Horford going Horford gonna get out there. Horford trying to do his thing but Tatum and Jalen Brown can sit down against y'all Andrew. They beat the pistons by the way Bill. Oh shit. Freaky Mike snitch. You could could've left that. You know it's crazy. We had to come back in that game too. I also think it's really oh four. Nah don't do that. The business is terrible though bro. Free K Man that is Woo basketball gto.


Yeah that's crazy man. That whole division. I mean even with the Bucks like nobody I think the Bulls have the best record in in that division right now. They're two and two I told you. Yeah, that's crazy. Bulls decent Zach Levine hooping man. I wonder who he gonna get traded to man. Send him to Denver. That wouldn't be bad. Send him to Denver. They need wouldn't be bad. They need that. They need him. Who? That was just try PJ but you can't have NPJ and Josh giddy on the same team. That is insane. You can't theyself out in two different sports man. I don't know who else. I don't even wanna ask what sport but I gonna interrupt. Yeah I dunno who they would trade though.


Which what the real one Mike, both Mike and Mike Wrestl. What do you call it? A EW Nah W shit. Nah I'm about the root beer. I put that motherfucker my ice cream nigga go crazy fat like a root beer nigga man in a continental match. But I was just laughing because I be looking at the Bulls games. I don't know why it's a mental illness I need to get rid of but I'll be looking at the Bulls games bro. And I have not seen a Josh giddy jersey in sight.


Why are you looking for a giddy jersey? I don't even know what number he wear bro. I don't either. Like for real I'm not a fan of his game. Josh Guinea who I'm not saying can, I'm just not a fan. Like that was a, actually he might not like me. Yeah I'm he don't, he don't, it's crazy he he can ball though. He can, he he he can hoop bro that was a good addition for them. Yeah they got him as in insurance for lines on obviously. Obviously Lonzo a little bit hurt right now so he definitely gonna get some of those minutes. But yeah I could see exactly being going to a western contender who needs a, a vibrant wing that could help the team for sure. The exact stay they could slip into afc, I don't know this year about the east. I mean they got, they got free boost too. Like they got some pieces we talked about those Lord teams in the east got pizza that could help other places.


Ang going nowhere gon retire. Bull keep stacking that bread. Yeah he gonna retire Bull. They got a low key team if healthy bro they can, like I said if Zach figure it out and they on should him out, I think they can slip him into the A spot bro. Jain back tonight. It's hard help We don I guess. I don't know if he can find yet. Nah, but listen they need him like you said, that's a big culture change. I swear bro that they need him but I like the culture though. I like that culture. They got, I got the like they they not O KC but you can tell them the young dudes on that team, they rock with each other too. Obviously it's all centered around Ja but the camaraderie on that team is real. When J's on the court, he's not obviously say clear difference. I just love how he turned up Little Jet Lee bro.


Yoki, that's hard bro. Yeah that's hard bro. He a great, great teammate bro. For real because I don't think nobody else really embrace him like that. We still seem questionable. Yeah, yeah he's probably a game time decision so we'll never know what that stuff Ja making him feel comfortable bro. In that locker room. Yeah, that's hard. That shit's hard bro. What else is going on in the world man? I dunno bro. Your your cousins he taking over the internet. He he fucked the TLS up. All the alley are destroyed because of him. Man it's sorry because you supposed to go viral what you do And we talked about Kamala Harris, the president, you know what I'm saying? Nominee elect nominee and she went on Shannon Sharp and basically said yeah I'm not black. And I thought that was crazy. She said that?


Yes. What is she, she's a combination of different ethnicities. She has some, how them collard greens taste now Help us. Told you she ain't even claiming you hos. See I don't wanna dig too far into this. Yeah, whole time the black woman, black woman. But she told y'all she is not one of y'all so put them ball balls and shit bitch. Where? Druck slick him jail. I gotta go listen to Dr. No there was no way. That's what we needed though. She took the last name bro so she could finess y'all bro.


Mike looking for fuck y baby years. I just didn't hear her say that. I ain't never heard that either. I dunno nothing about it that's coming from Check it out. You me, she, if you go through her background, what she said in that stuff, bro, she made it very clear saying it without saying it very clear that she background it. She went through her entire background, story, style, whatever. She said my hey recipes don't be disrespectful. No, I'm just saying. So got, so she gave a background and let see people come to their own conclusion. DJ put PU on y President, your conclusion was that from your opinion she's not black. There we go. Okay. Okay. Oh man, he full shit. She's not black. What did you ask her?


Are you black? She said we're gonna pull the clip up, bro. It is going. Yes. We're not, we're not, oh we can't do it. We're not pulling that clip up. Oh Luis, we can't do that one. We're not picking times on this at all. Boo. You won't hear something crazy though. This is random as hell. I'm at this coaching little thing we gotta do for Marion County's coaching. All the coaches be watching the podcast. They gonna think it's funny too. So a old white man came up to me, got a long beard with a MAGA hat on, right? So I'm sitting wherever all the coaches are and he walks up to me, he says, you're Jeff T And I looked up and everybody, every one of the coaches look like the fuck, like you got this big MAGA hat on? And I was like, yeah, why?


He was like, I love your podcast. And I was like, oh like what? And one of the dudes was like, what the hell? And I looked, I was like, and he walked away. He was like, keep up the good work. I was like, yeah, yeah. He ain't listening to it. What we listening to. But alright, so shout out to him man, whoever that man was, because he, that's not our first old white man encounter though, bro. He had a MAGA hat on. I did not. Well the one that talked to us at that summer league game with you, we the fact, yeah. Yeah, he was one of them too. He was definitely locked in. Nah, for sure. He was awesome. Mega Hat threw me off. I'm like damn, damn the real, I wonder if kids really watched this though. They don't need to because this is, I'm like man, so somebody that, oh that man had to be damn near 80.


That was at the Pac Center. Yeah. And this dude had to be probably like in his late sixties. Yeah man. So shout out to all the supporters though, you know what I mean? Nah. Yeah. Appreciate everybody. You can support whoever you wanna support. I, I'm cool. Oh yeah, we ain't on that. I'm glad. Support us for sure. Vote us in for the presidency. You feel me? I can definitely see B, him being Bernie Mac on head of State. I'm my most definitely for sure bro. Hell no. So DJ Chris Rock, I, I'm definitely not the president. I, I'll be Jamie Fox when he was the president. What movie was up White House now? Yeah, he had the, yo, I don't know if you wanna be Jamie Fox, but hey, hey, hey give Gimme Bernie all day after.


He'll be Jamie. I'm a better actor bro. Love the entertainment industry. I'm a better, I'm a better actor bro. Disrespectful. That's the goal bro. Bernie Mac is the goal of comedy for sure. Hey, your man's Martin, you see they doing a, they're supposed to be doing a remake a or a continued version of Blue Street. Yeah, I seen that. I don't know if Martin gonna act like, I don't know where his health is right now. Yeah bro. Even funny. He ain't really that funny no more. Yeah it is Martin. Yeah, like his natural, you know how he was just naturally funny the stuff he used to do. He kind of ain't, he ain't moving as swiftly as he used to. I feel like the old people now 'cause how they used to complain about remakes when we was younger. Now we get to the point to where we seen our classics getting remade or getting stamped on again.


It's just like damn, some of the stuff I encourage but some of it's just like damn, I don't want y'all to fuck up nostalgia. I don't give a fuck. Like I don, I don't give a fuck remake everything like they doing baby kids and shit now That, that'd be hard. That's hard. Fire animation. I'm off for that. And I seen Guag Gu Island was coming too. Is that who? Who is that hanging with Mr. Cooper? Guag Island. Who was the black nigga on there? Yeah, some Mark the in your head go. Alright, had that before Scary little little thing on that bitch. What was that thing that I had on there? So y thing bro he was trash.


Let's all go. That's why I watch Cartoon. What the fuck is gonna go out some fake island? Well no bitches don't gonna go zero. Especially walking around with that creature hearing the host. That shit is crazy. So many weekend shows. What's a man that used to read though? Back in the day bro, you not gonna shit. Read Rainbow bro. Trash bro. For his show bro. LaVar Burton. Huh? I think he from here. LaVar Burton From Indiana. From Indiana. His name is LaVar? Yep. La la Okay. Wait where from Indiana? I know he from that, he from Indiana. He went to school.


Dang Real look, just read up. Turn up La b play. I mean the part. Excuse me. That's Toby. Toby. Oh he sure did. Yep. Who's a hell of a actor? That's a hell of a transition. He, he had to tap into Toby. That's different. You remember I was watching that documentary on the plane about reading Ray Bow. That's a wild transition. And he played on Star Trek. He definitely on Star Trek. Nah, he golded then. Yeah you tapping in that on the flight is funny as hell. I was, I was a fan of reading Rainbow and Magic Magic School bus. That was my shit. I dunno what That magic school bus was fired. Yeah. Yeah. When you find out that the teacher was just really a hippie O ass acid.


It's really funny 'cause they was doing some crazy shit. That's probably why they had, it was a magic school bus across from my high school. Oh yeah? And borrow Ripple, the smoke shop RIP man I can't believe they went down so that makes sense then. So the lady was on acid or whatever. Come on bro. All these kids is doing all this shit and ain't nobody signed no permission slips bro. You are not letting your daughters go on the school bus and fly up some random animals parts bro. It's crazy. She used to dress like walson. Damn. Yeah, I wasn't in the cartoons like that. I ain't know nothing about that. You see wa Raz, he was talking about like the post game stuff. He was like I ain't had time to do none of that shit. I had a date to get to. Yeah look he had the first motherfucker Rolls Royce nigga. Oh God. That shit hard. Raz gangster that fro week.


But nigga said he got trade to Cleveland. Nigga say he, he couldn't believe it. He said first time I had depression. Damn. That's what we can see to go to. And Joe Kee killed Cleveland bro. He said now for real. Whoever vacationed to Cleveland like who say I just wanna pull up to Cleveland for a weekend. People be doing us like that though. Oh God. People do nap like that all the time bro. Oh yeah, we understand Draymond, we showing your ass too because you, you be spreading the word about that. What'd he say? He just an all star game. Y would never, they better not never bring that shit back to. Yeah he did say it was who? He didn't put smarter on our city for no reason. Yeah, they'll never gonna Flint. No they will not on that.


But I feel like the Midwest as a whole outside of like Chicago, the Midwest catch a lot of black for majors. Like you look at LA or the South like or New York. They ain't shit on the Midwest a lot man. As they should though bro. It's bigger cities with more shit to do though. Yeah. If we didn't even have enough four or five star hotels accommodate. Yeah, our hotel game is weekend. Yeah. Yeah. We got some things in the city. We definitely need to step up shot. You can't take your wife or nothing on like a little weekend like let's just get a little weekend getaway. You might as well stay in your basement. Shit. You take her wings of seafood? Nah, take her to Decemberish. Hell nah. You, you gonna get syphilis. Fuck you come out with no foot. That bitch take that motherfucker motherfucking ly on. There you go. DC 99.9.


You gotta bring your old chlorine into that little box up. Got put that backpack in there. Dig? I, I remember we got one of the rules when I was like 16. Hmm? We had somebody mama get it. Damn. Shout to mama Dukes. Yeah, I was gonna say so crazy. Who mama was? I was called or it might be their sister. Hey yo. I think it was Sister. Oh my god though. I think it was her sister. Nah respect. Think she was like 22. She got us some room in there. Nigga was really swimming and the S is wild and the premium room is crazy Perfect. One of, one of the homies went under the water. He ain't never been slave since. Oh he wasn't supposed to come back up.


He was supposed to drown. That's a different type of baptism because there ain't no glory to that one. No. I said damn we used do some wild shit where my gym is at. We had a whole, it was a motel there all people. Yeah, where the gym, where we built them grounds. Got lot Live activities happen on those grounds. The real P Valley. Yeah. That's crazy. They used to really step in motels bro. It was a $40 holler bro. We used to go ahead. I know about them. We used to split, split it up four ways. $10 get four keys. Damn. And 10 off of the motel is crazy. Damn. Niggas had four keys. All whoever Spents the night. That's like the last nigga on the trade. You out pocket go home nigga.


What I think about how Nasty rule was them sheets was filthy. Oh my mama bro being the fourth nigga. Nigga go there bro. The nigga you gotta spend a night. Whoever had the coolest mama, they the last one. It's only the 24 hours bro. The coolest who ain't had that curfew. How's that work? Do you do a man? Ken never had curfew. Jay Bix never had a curfew. Bebo worked at night. Oh yeah, Bebo still worked night. Shout out to Auntie off the hill. Jay Bix. Bixie used to be down. I I take the two 30 shift. Nah man the two 30 shift is crazy. No man, that's crazy.


I'm out there about 9 45. Nah, we can't do my nigga JB like that. I clocked in 9, 9 0 5, left 9 45 out there. It's crazy. Put yourself on the 10 day at the motel is crazy. That's so tri, bro. That's why the shit you can do bro. 16 bro. But it's just funny with the train. She's like who? Who determines the waiver wire the situation Like Rock paper s says like who determines who go first in this situation bro, you, you guys see what time your girl can move around. Play 21 bro. We got the lowest score. 21. We were 16. We gotta see Big girl. Your girl might have to be in at 11. Whoever we got the lowest score. 21 nigga.


That's last best end man. You only had eight today bro. Nigga hoping the hoop is crazy when I start working dog, I'm just gonna get my home. It's 40 busting down the 40 is crazy. You nigga give fuck you shoulda been today nigga. I my own rule rule y'all have. Y'all have. I ain't be here about 45 minutes. Oh shit. That's a crazy Ooh man. Listen man, we appreciate y'all rocking with before we get outta here, be here. Tell the people they can grab some merch@shopclub.com Baby. We finally got some shit for y'all.


Yeah, we got four orders for, you know, load it up, got the hoodies, got the tees, all that good stuff. Let us know if you got some other stuff you want. Winter time might get you some Scully, get you decked out for the holidays. We appreciate y'all Rock Guys, the pre-orders and pre-rolls. I mean shout to Npac. Look at Malcolm That's at they with your cousin The Volume.


I'm Julian Edelman, I'm Rob Gronkowski And we are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details, and honestly just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times. From legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy. Media I. want to tell you about my podcast? waken Jake. I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, waken Jake is the place for you. Covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it. New episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the waken Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story Behind the Rumble in the Jungles, like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam MEbA, all the Biggest black Artists on the Planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali, foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone. This is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy. Media I. want to quickly tell you about my podcast? It's called Jimmy's Three things. Episodes, come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major, League, Baseball that I want to talk about or I. do a stat deep dive. Sometimes. I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your go to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major, League, Baseball, No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up everybody? It's Peter Schrager. We're back for the season with Peter Schrager. In each episode of this season, I'm gonna empty my proverbial notebook and take you inside and behind the scenes on the conversations that happen at the highest levels of NFL franchises. You see, you'll be in the front office of an NFL team one week, but the next week you're gonna be at a bar elbow to elbow with some of your favorite celebrities laughing about football like Kansas City Chiefs fan, Paul Rudd. By the way, can I just point out how much I like the music of this podcast? Music music is awesome, incredibly, very good. It's kind like a funky beat. Listen to the season with Peter Schrager on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.