
Man, listen, traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staring the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah. Traveling sometimes when they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, spots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier For sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified, ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man. It was perfect. Out to Airbnb, how you feel about the tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great.


State Farm DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle These situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up. But not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me. That was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Toura podcast network


With the lucky land sluts. You can get lucky just about anywhere. This is your captain speaking. We've got clear runway and the weather's fine, but we're just gonna circle up here a while and get lucky. No, no, nothing like that. It's just these cash prizes add up quick. So I suggest you sit back, keep your tray table upright and start getting lucky. Play for free@luckylandsslots.com. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary. BGW Grove Avoid. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Plug in a Hyundai EV and the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the Ioni five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ionic five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 ix. Five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 IX six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But du funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use DU because they save you money. Ooo, makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com.


Good job. Thanks The Volume. I we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. This is a special, special guest episode. I know a lot of times we talk about having legends but we got a real life legend, a pioneer in everything that you see. Like entertain all the above. We're gonna introduce my man's last, but to my far left, we got my dog, Bishop b he out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty, cool And nasty. Let's get to it, baby. Yes sir. Big day. Big day. Yes sir. Wonderful guest to my right, my dog. Young Nacho Young t how you what man? I'm good. I'm chilling bro. Happy to be here. Got a huge guest.


I'm a huge fan. Had an opportunity to be a part of the big three with him so I'm hype. Come on man. All star t talk about it. Oh man. Lucky me. Yeah, lucky me. But listen man, to my left, we have one of the most important people ever. A mogul in his outright. Everything that you ever seen this man done, he has been successful and dominated his film. Listen, music acting. And more importantly, right now the man's got his own basketball league. He's starting up, which is super dope. We got the living legend in the building. Ice Cube Big do appreciate you sliding on this man. Yeah, yeah. Anytime man. Thanks for having me Man. This is, Hey man, I don't know how y'all feel about this. I know you done met you where this is geek for me 'cause you know what I'm saying? You a part of like my, my life dog from music to movies that'll be here. We used talk about them DVD days when we was running dog.


Come on man. Yeah Bro. Yeah. Yeah. The Bootle DVDs. Yeah. I used to sell your shit for five. I know Too. For five know. I know. Damn. Yo, you some residuals. That's crazy. But man, listen man, we out here for the big three strive begins of this weekend. We got the all-star game, celebrity game. More importantly we got the championship, but just man, just for our fans, listeners, how did this come about man? Just being a fan, you know, fan of balling. Played a little bit. You know we had some epic battles in my backyard. Okay. As a youngster. Hold on, hold on. Did you hoop at taf?


I didn't hoop at TAF 'cause they was hating on me. The coach was hating on me Because I played Okay. I played football. Yeah. So I came over late. Yeah. To try to play basketball. You know, it's already started pretty, pretty much by the time football is is over with. So Dave, he was like man, nah, he was, nah you ain't getting no love. Even though I worked at point guard at, at practice, we did a little one-on-one, but you know, he wouldn't let me play so. Oh, okay. I could just watch. Okay. I just had to ask. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Back to the big Three. I tried to, you Know, Respect. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean listen bro, he got a triple double in the pickup game. He's the goal Shoulda made.


You know how crazy he Was keeping stats crazy. No I didn't. I fucked around and got triple double so I was just bullshitting and got a triple double. That's different. It wasn't even Like I was trying Oh It was a light. Yeah, yeah. Light work. You stupid. Yeah, But who'd you start the big three with? It just Started it with, with my manager, you know, he is my partner Jeff Ance. Shout to Jeff. We've been, you know, we've been working together man it's all gotta be 25, almost 27 years, something like that. Okay. And we big sports fans and you know, seeing Kobe score 60 points in his last game.


Yeah. I was kind of hot. I missed the game and shit. I, I was shooting a movie in Atlanta. My wife, you know, kids, they went to the game, they was all hyped then I was like damn. I started just a real realization of I can't see this dude hoop no more. Like I cannot go nowhere and pay to see this dude play. Yep. And that's some bullshit, you know? And so I was like man, it is gotta be a way. So now I'm starting to think of this idea I had in the back of my head for years, about three on three. I used to be like, why haven't it been elevated to the pro level? Yeah. So now these ideas are starting to come together.


I'm talking to Jeff, we shooting the shit And. we like what would a league look like? So you know, we just bullshitting, you know, talking about it. We spent a whole year like all 2016 talking about rules. You know, I would do it like this, I would do that. I wouldn't do this. 'cause you know they do that shit in the NBA niggas don't like that. You know what I mean? When they get out, I would do it like this and, and so we just was like, damn, this is a good ass idea. You know what I'm saying? Like it is tight. Business model is tight. So we start asking, you know like niggas we knew from the game would y'all be down with something like this.


Like, you know a Clyde Drexler and you know Kenya Martin and Chauncey Billups and these dudes was like, oh yeah, this is tight. And then that's how I just, we was like man, let's go for It. You smart boy. 'cause I was going to ask you, I thought about it. Nigga is old so you kept a half court. So niggas Longevity. But you know, I I, I played three on three full court before crazy. And it's bullshit. You just get a bunch of cherry pick. Yeah. The dudes standing down the throw throw, you know you throwing the ball way down there. So I'm like, nobody wanna see that. Nah. You know, half court is the way and you know, it was just about elevating it.


'cause everybody liked three on three. Right. Everybody liked to play it 'cause you get to touch the ball. You really involved in the win, you know. So I was like, yo, this could be done. If, if the pros buy into it, like if the, you know, if the niggas that play on that level buy into it and want to play Yeah. How couldn't everybody else get into it? You know what I'm saying? You got the best in the world doing it. For sure. See I gotta ask how I feel like, you know what I'm saying, coming straight out of the league to see that as another opportunity. Like you said, a lot of times players don't wanna retire. A lot of things take place. Front office, health injury, all the above. Now you got an outlet to still, 'cause y'all still hoop. It don't matter the next day. Y'all still basketball players y still wanna get to it.


To have another outlet to show your skills and live your dreams is fire. Nah, it was huge. I'm, for me it's more like a financial thing. He brought another league for some guys when you retire they go through this little part where it's kind of a rough patch and then he kind of gave 'em like another outlet to even make some money. But like you said as a competitor to be able to get out there and hoop and then still have fans in the stands, get to talk crazy, have some of your highlights shown around the world and stuff like that to play on TV still, it's a huge opportunity. I mean I appreciate it 'cause it was cool for me. Like, y'all know me, I hoop every day at home. But to get back and be on TV and people talking crazy to me and stuff, I, I wasn't used to that. So it was cool to be back in that kind of, in that kind of moment.


Yeah. For him to take you knowing your body is shattered. Take that, take that gamble. Yeah. So cute. Rock. Rock with the handicap nigga suit. So I'm a love. So I got A question though. Did you know it was gonna be an Olympic sport when you like first Started? Nah, we didn't know they actually, we just jumped out there 'cause we was like, we looked at FBA And, we was like, nah that's, that's, that's amateur basketball. You know what I'm sayings the amateur version, we gonna elevate this to so better than that. And so we, we was just moving forward and then once we launched, I think about three months later the Olympics said Yo, we gonna put it in in the Olympics.


And you know, we was like yo, this just gives it more credibility. Yeah, For sure what I Saying it's giving some credibility For sure. And like you said, man we seen you coming out talking about hey let Cube handle that. And the thing I don't like about it is it is very possible, like you said, we know the rules, we know the guidelines. A man already has the infrastructure in place to make that happen. We gotta make that happen man. 'cause what they did out there, nah we got redeem ourselves man, come on Man. Everybody know we got better players than That. Everybody Like damn. And so I think his pettiness, you know, I think you know the NBA, they don't like what we doing, you know, even though Adam Silver told me he did like what I was doing and you know his his his words exactly was the more basketball the merrier, you know, which we, you know, you know that's bullshit.


Now that we know. And so they involved with USA basketball. We've been asking since 2020 since they didn't even make it in Tokyo. Do y'all know our 3 0 3 didn't even make the Olympics? Did not qualify. Didn't qualify. So we asked again, they was like thank you but no thank you. We got it And. we see what they got. Yeah. Yeah. They probably gonna be asking now it's gonna be in LA too. Come on man. Yeah. Hopefully you know, if they know what's good for 'em, they should ask and our guys will play. You know our guys been, you know, they'll love to represent the country in three on three.


Come on T, you know what would I do? You got four years to get right. Shit. Four years. I'll be 40 this left knee. Oh I go out there, I go out there. Can't be rotational sub. That's cool. We get it in. What about the expansion cities though? Like you plan on expanding to more cities, like how many cities you want to be a part of it? Yeah, We, we got 12 teams now And we gonna sell all 12 to and put 'em in different cities. Okay. Right now we got la, Miami, Houston and Detroit. So once we place these other eight then we'll look to go to 16 teams.


Okay. Maybe 20 teams and then place those in cities. Okay. And, and just open up the fan base. You know, we feel like we've proven the sport. People dig it Now if you connect these teams to cities that people will even be more invested into the league and to the players and to the teams and you know, it just, it it'd go to a different level from there. Yeah. And that's the dope part about it is like to for you to start your own league and now we're all growing with the league and a lot of people don't remember like back in the NBA days before it was super pop was on tape delay. Yeah. It's like to see this league grow in real time. Especially with the players and the social media and everybody saying you can see that we working in this and now you getting the cities involved, you know how many people got feelings and cities about and pride about their city.


It's just dope to see the evolution of this. Like you got some of the younger players now who may not have super long careers like the Isaiah Briscoes and some of you got the YouTube players and playing the Ball's Life guys. It's just growing all this stuff together. It's dope to see it progress like this. Yeah. You know, we felt like, you know, three on three is its own sport, you know, just because you was dope and five on five, that don't mean you gonna come out in the big three and get loose. That's Fact it's different game for Sure. You gotta, you gotta have all skillset. You gotta be able to pass, dribble, shoot and defend or you're gonna get exposed. So we felt like well we can develop our own athletes, we can develop our own stars. You know, like Isaiah Briscoe who, you know, people might not have saw him in the NBA or might not know how much game he got, but you know, he's a good player.


The Kevin Murphy's of the world, you know Garland Green, you know these dudes who really making a name for theyself in the, in the three big three in three on three game. And they might have missed their calling a little bit in the NBA. That don't matter. No balling is balling. A baller is a baller. And we got him on display, you know we got the best. That's a three on three league in the world. So shit, without a doubt. Shout out to the MVP mike b Sirki. Yeah. Mike B certified bucket. Certified bucket. No, I ain't gonna lie though. Like playing like you talking about the cities like going to Jersey this year. I ain't gonna lie. I was crazy. That's, I ain't had that kind of feeling in a long time.


The crowd was amazing. It was packed in there. And then for Briscoe, like you said for beef from there and how the crowd was behind him talking crazy. It was a vibe in there. Didn't y'all win that game though? Yeah, You know he won. When y'all win that game though, that's why you like this so much, man. For, For Briscoe to be going off like that and boom, boom, boom And we still won. So you what I'm saying? For sure. No this is cool. That's what it's all about. You know it's putting these guys back in the arena back where, where they belong. You know what I mean? Even to see our coaches, you know you got Gary Peyton about to go against Coach Of the Year, James C Yeah.


Going against Cooper. You know they, they been yelling at each other for since the eighties and shit. So It's dope to to to see them guys back, you know, not just waving to the crowd. Hey there go Iceman, you know, but they coaching and they want to win and they yelling at the reps, yelling at each other. You know, it's funny as shit to see Iceman cussing at Rick Burien, You know what I'm saying? It's like they still on that. Yeah they still on That. You know, they won't let it go. And Rick Horne and these dudes, you know, still got that competitive fire and the NBA don't have no coaching job for these dudes.


You know what I'm saying? So for, for us to have it in the big three is just that cherry on top for a fan. Yeah, Yeah, for sure. Like you said you preserving the legends and you introduce em to a younger crowd letting them know. Like I said, a lot of people don't know who Michael Cooper is, but you should know who Michael Cooper is. If you know basketball Without a doubt. Yeah. You know, one of the best players to ever do it. You know, especially on the defensive end For sure. Man, I I would be remiss as look man, we are all huge fans. Huge fans, you know what I'm saying? I gotta ask you, what's some of your favorite movies that people may not, you know what I'm saying? Know like, we know the Friday's like our Ghost but like what's some of your favorite movies you've been a part of That I've been a part of? Yes Sir. Myself. Oh man I love, I mean Boys in the Hood, that's the come on now.


You know Barbershop Barbershop is just slept on Trilogy. Yeah. That slept on Barbershop though. You know I love, you know Three Kings, you know, let see shit Man. You got a lot movies, You got a lot Movies. Think about Anaconda Jump Street, you know. Yeah. Two of them. You for the Anaconda. I remember that. Condos dope. You know, I mean I played in Anaconda. Only reason I did Anaconda is because I was like, if y'all want me to do the movie, you know nigga can't die in the Hundred percent. I'm saying matter of fact, I want to help kill the snake.


That's why It was like what? It's like, yeah, if you want me in the movie, nigga can't die and I want to kill the snake. I want to help at least. And they was like, all right, You had to pull to make that requirement. Yeah. You had the pool to make that requirement. That's all, all for Hell. Yeah. Come on now. Hey look, you know somebody had to do it 'cause if you could see every movie before that nigga get killed, Jurassic Park nigga didn't last Four minutes. Like The opening scene Very fast. He didn't make it to the place. Damn. He didn't even, yeah, like he didn't homie. I said Nah, nah we got, we gotta put the end of this shit And l cool J owe you for that man.


'cause you was the first one to make it. So he was the second one. He was the second one. You know what I'm saying? You set the tone. Yeah, he gotta set the tone man. We gotta cut this shit out. I wanted to ask you, which set did you have more fun? Like on, on the Friday? Which Friday oh Was the most fun for you to, the most fun was Friday after the next Mm, the last one because the first one we were having fun but we were like, this is our first movie producing and writing. And the director was, you know, this was his first movie, Gary Gray. He had directed, you know, a couple of my videos, a couple of my St s commercials and shit. And so that was a more liquor before Y'all time.


I is still around Grew Also Championship team Brown Paper bag team. Yeah, there we go. There we go. We look like we know what that is. Oh man. So you know, we was all new so we were just trying to make sure we was getting it right. And, we shot that movie in 20 days. Damn that was like four weeks. Damn. It was just crazy like Yep. In a month it was done. And so Classic By the time we got to Friday after next, we all seasoned vets in the game knew how to make a movie. You know, we had all, you know, damn near the whole cast back.


Yeah. And. we was just having fun, you know, every day was just fun, fun laughing like hell stomach hurt, laughing. Yeah, that's what I'm, I don't know how y'all memorized y'all lines. I know y'all was playing all day around that motherfucker. Hey it is funny now to go back and watch it, you know what I'm saying? With a different quality of stuff and looking at y'all faces between while other people talking y'all be laughing like A little bit. Yeah. It's hard not to man Because a lot of, you know, a lot of the movie you write it, but then you shoot what you write then you be like, okay, we got that. Now you can go whatever you think of, hit me with it. Yeah, whatever you think of hit me with it. So these comedians be coming off the dome man and sometimes you ain't ready for that shit that they be saying and make you laugh.


But if you laugh, you gonna kill it. You gonna kill the tape so you gotta hold it in. But yeah man they be, these dudes is funny, they're clever and they say something different every time and shit. So you gotta be be ready for 'em, you know, for Heard, like you mentioned those two movies in particular, you know what I'm saying? You put one Indianapolis on, on World Stage, Mr. Mike X. Yeah. And it's crazy. You know what I'm saying? He's my favorite to work with And he embodies Indianapolis to a t to, so to see him in those movies, it represent us. The way he represented us, man, it really felt different for us. 'cause he is Indianapolis to a T, one of the funniest people ever. Without a doubt. You know, naturally funny. You know, you don't have to give him no lines.


You, you know, if he walked in this door, he'd make you laugh just because that's just his essence. Yeah. That's how John Witherspoon was. Yeah. You know Witherspoon, you know, play Pops in the movie. He just make you laugh. Just talking about he could be talking about some shit happening to him on the corner. Got you rolling. So Mike, you know, we, you know, we good friends to this day. We just, you know, sometimes just get on the phone And, we be on the phone for an hour just talking shit laughing. And so it was cool to be able to work with him. And I've done few movies with him. You know, all about the Benjamins Classic.


Promoters. Promoters. That's his promoter. That's what we call B him. That's one my favorite nigga. I had a carer 300 like you, it was black With the hole On The, that was my traffic ground. Yeah, that's Right. Gotta have the bullet hose. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, he one of my favorite dudes in the world, man. I love Mike.


It is Ryan here. And I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like are you a fist pumper? A woo-hoo, A hand or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


The fall season. We don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven. With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold onto that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Attention parents, grandparents, aunts and uncles. Got a kid who's not into biking or spends too much time on screens. Then you've gotta check out guardian bikes. Featured on Shark Tank and awarded the Top Kids bike in 2024 by the New York Times wire cutter Guardian bikes is changing the game. What makes guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to thoughtful engineering, lightweight frames and kid-friendly components. Kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in A USA factory. Ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families and get a guardian bike today. Visit guardian bikes.com to save up to 25% off bikes, no code needed. Plus, receive a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for the newsletter. That's guardian bikes.com. Happy riding.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart ti trau efgartigimod Alpha and Hyaluronidase QV FFC works by visiting vyvgart.com/moa. That's V-Y-V-G-A-R t.com/mo A brought to you by Argen X.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors For us. Just This overall sense of community, the values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live.


Man. All about the Benjamins another class. It's all crazy man. 'cause like we didn't even get, get to how you first got to this with music. Like you started off as a pioneer in music and one thing I always wanna give you credit for is the fact that, you know what I'm saying, one of your favorite movies, you know what I'm saying? Them documenting how they came up with nwa. Yeah Bro. When you went in that office, bro, you, you became a, a true legend. Oh, in Stratcon You went crazy. We Almost had a moment. Yo. What inspired us two weeks ago we was like, oh we about to get cute. We gonna little FaceTime. They used to roast me all the time because since that movie I haven't been to the theaters like y'all was it for me? That was it. You know what I'm saying? That was it for me. You know what I mean? I had go say I went to go see them before like four times. Like so that best scene is special to my heart.


Yeah. Yeah. It was special to mine too. You know, it's a trip because in that scene, if you look at my son, he's saying, you promised me this man, I'm, I'm getting a house and I got a baby on the way. Yeah. With a baby on the way was his ass. Yeah. In real life. Oh yeah. I'm saying that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, you know it ain't, it ain't a proud moment but I was happy I did it. You know what, what I'm saying, like sometimes you know that pencil pen shit, that lawyer shit, you just gotta show 'em man. You Was thinking ahead of the game though. Yeah. You gotta show him. You know we ain't, we ain't, we gotta take it back to you gotta take it back to the eighties on this one.


Yeah. Ain the eighties now we renegotiation, we was like what Ice Cube do. But the dope part about it, like it, it show how you, obviously you are serious about your art but you were always like, okay I need to be compensated for my art. Why am I having conversations if I'm showing up and doing it every day? And it makes sense with how you progress with everything. How you progress through music, how you progress through art and film and not how you progressing with the big three. For somebody that's starting off, what would you say was the most important thing they should probably lock in no matter what they got going on? Well I think you gotta believe in yourself for sure. And you gotta, to me, you know, not really take no for an answer when you know that it is the truth.


What you talking about is real. What you can really make it happen. You know, sometimes somebody will say no today but me, I go asking him the same goddamn thing and yeah, I wait two weeks and then ask him the same thing because he might've just been having a bad day. Yeah. Or you know, you give it a little time and you ask again, you go again because the person you ask in circumstances might change and then they, you might be just the person they looking for you dig like so believe in yourself, don't take no for an answer, you know, no is like, okay two weeks I'm gonna ask your ass again and then I might wait another two weeks and ask your ass again.


Funny story, you know, real quick, we was trying to get the big three started. We went and talked to one network about the big three. They told us, eh, nah we good. So my man Jeff called me, he was like, we was talking that Friday. He was like, damn man, this sucks. They turned it down 'cause only a few networks that really can blow you up. You know what I'm saying? Everything else is, you know, on the under. So he said I'm gonna call him again this weekend. I'm gonna just talk to him like we doing it. Caught her way up and just got into the conversation like it's happening. Yeah.


Dude was like, Hey man, didn't you, didn't you hear that we turned that down? He was like, yeah, but I was just wanted to just talk to you about how cool it would be if we had it. And by the end of the conversation dude was like, you know what, Monday I'm gonna go in there and talk to him again about I think we should, I think we should put this on. And he was like, yeah, alright, let me know. On Tuesday it was like, when can y'all come up here and have a meeting? You see what I'm saying? So yeah. You know, hearing the note don't mean this or no, you know, it means ask again later. Orion that me know ask again later.


Don't ask me for no more shoes. I wanna ask you about the CIA though before the nwa. How'd that start? Oh group. We was in a group called the Stereo Crew. Oh okay. Me, sir. Jinks and KD and we put out a record on Epic Records. It was called, she's a scag And hell of a record got, she's a Scag and it, it was a Frisbee, you know what I mean? Nobody, you know It's tossing out the window. Yeah, yeah. It was a Frisbee. And so we was like, we want you to do another record.


We got dropped and shit off Epic. So we wanted to do an independent record and everybody felt like, man y'all gotta change your name 'cause you know if the radio station hit see that stereo crew? Yeah. And they ain't gonna want to you know, bump it, they ain't even gonna play it. So we changed it to, we tried, we tried to change it to criminals in action. Okay. But then LA I mean Lonzo who was running the record company was like man y'all ain't about to be no criminals or nothing. If y'all want this name, y'all gotta be crewing action. So we changed it to crewing action. Oh okay. And, we did three songs and they was Frisbees too. You know they was whack too, you know what I mean?


All produced by Dr. Dres. My fault. That's my fault. Wanted to ask. I ain't never heard you speak on CI ain't my fault. Yeah, Yeah. So come on in man. This is my son. Yo, what's going on? What up, what up, what up? What's up? I'd be remiss if we didn't ask. Obviously man, with you being a West Coast legend, especially on the rap scene and obviously you had a couple legendary distracts yourself and not how you felt about the pick a side, but you know what I sent to see KD and Drako back. How was like to see that type of energy because you know what I'm saying? You was once a part of that to see it going on now how was that to see that energy, especially back at home. It's always fun. You know it's always fun to see a heavyweight battle. Yeah. You know, we've been getting them for a long time in hip hop, you know, all the way, you know LL Kumo, DKS one M, MC Han, you know, so it's legendary.


You know me NWA well no Vaseline Dre ain The easy, you know what I'm saying? It's just, it's legendary so it's part of the game. It happens And so, you know, to see, I mean even 50 and Ja rule just, you know, long as it don't get physical It is, it is. It is cool. It is. It's part of the game. Fans love it, you know, so it's really all, all about, you know, shit man, you can't hold back if you dissing. Yeah, I ain't gonna lie Cube you was out of pocket for naming that motherfucker. No Vaseline though. Good Outta pocket.


Very Disrespectful. Hell yeah, no doubt. No doubt. I wanted to hurt feelings For sure. And what made it much better is like seeing the movie to see what led up to it and then you drop it. It was like that's crazy. Yeah, it, you know, it was, I wasn't there when they heard this so, oh, I was learning shit making the movie. I was like, y'all was listening to it like yeah, yeah, we was listening To it like that. That's hard. Damn. Okay. So you know it's a trip making that Strat Compton movie. 'cause I had to, I was learning stuff that I didn't know 'cause I was on this side of town. Yeah they on that side of the town and you know, we kind of going through this in a parallel universe so I was discovering shit and they was probably discovering what we was thinking on.


Yeah. My side of the table. So it was, I said man, if I'm learning shit from this movie, everybody going to be learning shit from this movie. Definitely. Hell yeah. That's dope man. Man that bye Felicia. Everybody, nobody knew that. Yeah. I don't believe nobody knew that and that was dope just to experience at the same time. But to go back and look at that, you talking about you and Dre like to see where y'all were then obviously y'all was already successful then for y'all to be moguls the way y'all now, how is that to look back and reflect on that Sometimes It's beautiful, you know, it's, we all just stuck to our, to our convictions, you know, in our own way and you know, we had a lot of opposition coming up.


A lot of opposition not only from, you know, the music business but the government and Yeah. And to see us just, you know, still do it our way and kind of let the chips fall where they may and then, you know, we was able to land on our feet. It's, it's a pretty cool story and hopefully it inspires, you know, anybody coming up behind us that, you know, sometimes you gotta do it your way, you know, even if it's, if it's not popular at the time, sometimes you just gotta, you, you, you're happier when you do it your way, whether it works or not.


And I've seen people make it, you know, and, and they had pop songs and shit. They hated performing them every night. They was on tour but they hated performing they own songs and so I was like, I never want to be like that ever. For sure. For sure. Yeah, that's real. As you say, you a testament, both of y'all keeping around, staying true to yourselves, obviously you can tell that reflects with the big three and reason and why it's growing the way it is. You got young Teague up out there hooping man. Yeah man. I appreciate you. I wanted to thank you for real 'cause man you gave me a huge opportunity, had a dope experience. Hopefully I'm back next year try to get MVP or win or something, man. Yeah, Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Yeah, I gotta come back, I gotta revamp my team a little bit, but we'll be alright.


Yeah, No problem. Yeah. Hey, thank you for playing man. You know, we always look to add big names to the league and, and use one of 'em and, and you know, you added excitement to the league, you know, and when you was on the floor it was like, you know, it was butter. Appreciate it. So I can't wait to see you hoop tomorrow. Yeah. And, and hey let's, let's keep it going next year, baby. I appreciate It man. For sure. Yeah, we appreciate your time man. We're gonna do this again. Sometimes the next summer you might see a little bit more big 3, 5 20 collaboration. Stay tuned. We appreciate the people. Before we get outta here, be here and tell the people they can grab some merch at shop Club five twenty.com.


Yes sir. We appreciate y'all. Club five 20 big three. Good job. Goodbye. The Volume, you


So should we go electric? I think we should go electrified with Toyota. Electrified. Electrified means options. Yes. We could go all electric with a Toyota BZ four x, but then there are hybrids like Grand Highlander. Or we could do something in between like a RAV4 plug-in hybrid. So Toyota is electrified diversified. Yep. And with more options for reducing carbon emissions, the closer we all get to Toyota's beyond Zero vision for the future. Exactly. How much coffee have you had this morning? Learn more about our beyond zero vision for the future at toyota.com/beyond zero.


At your job, do you ever have to deal with a nose roller? How about a snub pulley? Well, if you're installing a new conveyor belt system, dealing with the different components can sound like you're speaking a foreign language. Luckily, you've got a team ready to help. Grainger's Technical product specialists are fluent in maintenance, repair, and operations. So whenever you want to talk shop, just reach out. Call click granger.com or just stop by Granger. For the ones who get it done,


The fall is creeping up on us. But we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest Booty Haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet simmer feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Vitamin Water is from New York. We needed a drink that can keep up with the music scene in the city. We gotta see our favorite DJ perform in Brooklyn at 3:00 AM or sing karaoke in the village also at 3:00 AM Drink Vitamin Water. It's from New York.


Hi, it's Colin. I just discovered J Lab headphones and I am totally hooked. J Lab imagines and delivers personal tech headphones, earbuds and office accessories that consumers want. Try the J Buds luxe over ear headphones for noise canceling travel. Discover your perfect pair of headphones. Look for the J Lab, blue Box at Target, Walmart, best Buy and More. Or visit j lab.com.