
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you. From daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com


When it comes to playtime. Never let your squad down. Unlock Elite gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com Lenovo. Lenovo.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL Order Now terms and conditions apply. See app for details,


The Volume. All right man. We back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells Shane Gang. With me to my left. I got my dog Bishop be he out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty, cool and nasty. What's, you know what I mean? What's the word my nigga? You tell me. What's the word baby? It's, it's Sunday man. What you, you get the good word Or did you get one out today? Nah man, I, I slept on the word today man. I slept on it today. I had to make up. It was a long, long night. Long night man. But I'm back and ready to work for sure. Dang the DNP church service to get wicked man. Nah, for sure, sure To my right. I got my dog. Young Nacho, young Teague. How you, what you know?


God bless man. What? You don't even know how to shout out the lu in, in a cool way. That's how you know nigga a champion the Lord for God bless What he say? What's that one dude seeking? Amazing grace. I wanna thank everybody to the Lord. Oh me. You ever seen that bite? The dude singing a amazing grace? Hey, that's funny as hell. He did say that. No. Hey that's crazy. Not knowing how to pray, Lord. Why? Because how you gonna criticize somebody Ray? That's like saying your church car a week.


He told everybody sing it with me. He told everybody tap. Oh that shit is funny. You ever seen it? Oh yeah. That shit is hilarious. I don't know what made think of that i's talk about church. Yeah man. Podding on the Sunday. We got the 90 fives on today. Oh yeah. I was just whatever. I was chilling. Nah, I was surprised. Hey my, my boy B here came with his shocks though. Yeah, he took it back. Shout out to my sister. She put me on long time ago. These is my first walking shoes bro. They took 'em back the Nike shocks. That's crazy. I remember when the, when the first Vincents boy, everybody thought they was gonna jump higher them shit. So we all knew it was Cat but they was fire man. It was time. These was, see these were the only sharks that I fucked with though. I couldn't fuck with the Vince Carters.


Oh now Vince signature. He had some fire ones. Yeah, I fucked with Vince. I fucked with the silver ones. With the blue sharks on the back. That's the first one. Ones I had, jeez, my Concords got stolen on my daddy truck in Gateway in my van. And you had a where down? I had, I went to the store. Them had just came out. I'm like yeah I want them. They was like 200 though. Yeah. Yeah. It was hot. Mama was like, you gonna buy whatever he asked for. 'cause you got his shoes stolen. Did y'all go to that Gallian right there? We went to the mall to Ty. I used to focus that gang over there in Pike Plaza. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That guy, that guy used used to have heat before Dick Sporting Goods. It was gal. Yeah we old niggas. But yeah, they used to have a heat. I missed that Foot Locker outlet too. Sucks. After all my niggas they used to steal out there.


You talking about Speedway Girl School world? Yeah, that was a sleeper right there. I got all my shoes out Lafayette though. I used to go to get the shoes and then buy the pizza sticks. Oh yeah. In the mall. What they used? Forget how fired like Man Alive had a fleet of heat in their store. My soul like that was for the older D boys for shit show him and Harold Penner. Penner. Listen, I listen. We keep it real old West Side shit. Hey Lafayette score used to have the best popcorn in the world bro. That kind popcorn in the front by the Footlocker. Bro was always elite bro. Ain't no fucking pizza sticks. I don't know what they called. They had the pepperoni inside 'em shit. Fire nigga. Charlies nah t Charlie's not Charlie's was the, that's cheesecake. Yeah.


Cheese steak. Yeah, the pizza place today was already, the pizza was already done. They was just warming that shit up all day. Them bread suits used to slap those. They got it at the end of Kda. Now I try in the fool court. Once upon a time Mofu was elite. It maybe 'cause we was younger, didn't know any better. But like Mall food was never fire nowadays. Anybody think I used stay in the Circle Center all the time? Yeah. Downtown they had Chick-fil-A. That's the only time I could get Chick-fil-A. Damn. They had the, they had the motherfucking, you can get the cat with the teriyaki sauce on it too. With the rice. Oh yeah. Oh the bourbon chicken? Yeah. Oh that's, that was my go-to when I was in the league. My rookie here. I like it was was bourbon chicken before the game. Sein feel mixed up. Oh yeah, most definitely bro. And them samples bro. You knew what time it was bro.


Bro. I used to double up on the sample walk back like, like they ain't seen me come right back. A nigga trying to sneak something free is crazy. That's who you know you steal For real. Hey what's worse? What's one getting the samples in the ball twice or spending a block at Sam's Club? Nah, definitely. I never, I never been to Sam. I ain't never been to Sams Club. You gotta have more etiquette in Sam Club. You ever been to Sam Club? Nah, I've been to Costco. Damn. That's a little bit more bougie though. Yeah, Sam Sam's Club is, Sam had them samples on the weekends bus area. Ow. Bus piff there went the second nigga was fried. But y'all, I forgot. Damn. I gotta, I gotta gift y'all hold on one second. We talk about the craziest shit on here.


I swear to God bro. Bourbon. Oh that's where I got them joints just came with the ball talk. But yeah, I remember when they had, what was that across the street from? What was that finish line? I footlocker when you first walked in the mall. But it was a store that was right across nigga. It was like, it was, it turned in like 10 below or some shit. But before it was like a clothing store. Oh damn. Right on. What's it was like Old Navy, was it Old Navy? What was across from Full Locker. Right on. Right on. Was it Old Navy? It was old. Four second. The Lafayette Square? Yeah.


Oh these hard. I just got some, some Blue seven forties. These hard show man. Shout out to my concepts Family Man Concepts Miami. Shout out to my dog Motley Chevy boys. Three y seven. Yeah. You know what I'm saying. Held us down. Love Sean. Yeah, these hard we had, we got something we gonna play in the future with Contest. Man. Sean still DJing. Hey man, Sean doing everything out there. He, he, that nigga in Miami right now. Sean. The first Jamaican. The first Jamaican. He's crazy. Shout to my dog for sure man. We had an event we was gonna do for rolling loud, you know what I'm saying? We had some changes to go through but these dropped, you know what I'm saying?


He is hard. They sent him to the squad for sure. Had to make sure y got laced. I'm about to rock these now. I'll fuck with these. I appreciate it. If you look in the inside of 'em, it's like a, like the CCO bottles. Oh yeah. They fired. Motherfuckers think I be buying shoes. Ah, they show love. Yeah, it's hard. Nah Jesus Really? Nah them is crazy. Damn these seven forties right? Yeah I just got the blue ones for sure. Blue with the arm. It's always funny seeing Freaky Mike wearing new bounces now. Like it it fucks me up that he like actually don't wear Nikes motherfucker Gary since he got that bunion removed Look foot different. It was, it was a girl back in the day who had a mo, they used to say they used to sing a song for her.


I ain't gonna say it 'cause we, we all know her but they used to make a song about it. Like blah blah blah got her mo removed, blah blah blah. Got her movie removed. I don't know her. Yeah y'all do. Nah you I know DJ know her. I do Blah blah Blah. Everybody know the song now. Yeah but I, I ain't gonna tell her fuck it. I was saying the girl named Perry like Perry got her mo removed. Perry got her removed. I only know one nigga. Perry Rodriguez. Nah girl named period with the pipe. She's at a mo. That's crazy. But that's how I feel about your bunion. My boy got a boss. Yeah I can go through that after the show. But yeah he took care of the squad for show some dope ass whos in there. Shout to concert man.


Hopefully Concepts is one of the 23 stores to get the black and red ones. It's funny, we all went from a conversation about who the fuck is paying two 50 for Jordan one And now everybody's like I wish I could pay two 50 'cause they about to be limited as hell. I Did get that list and they are not on that list Is all 23 listed on there yet. So. Yeah. Yeah. Oh that's tough. Yeah, mine as well. Just gonna have pay that rack for em right now. They gonna be worth a little, It's a few friends on there. It's just a few friends on. It's a few friends On there. It is all Mama there. Yeah. All Mamane on There. Sneaker politics is on there. Wish mans on there. Ah It's some, it's some Tap in All Mama Manier. Y'all know y'all know I'm on y'all. Hey I mean y'all favorite client like I said nah you are tapped in for sure.


Yeah there's some, there's some friends On there. Ah full. What shoes is this? The black and red ones ones. Oh okay. We was all talking shit about FU 54. Fuck God damnit you with Team Jordan. Send, send the shoes nigga. I was girl So you probably got a better and I seen you trying to fight last night. That's all we did. Niggas keep disrespected and Jason hit the ball. I'm like bro Yeah don't let the media get to you bro. Stay the course. Nah bro. Turn up. Don't turn up bro. No crash up. Be St. Louis. For real bro. Leave that pulling Nelly. Leave that Nel. Don't pull Nelly. Nelly but Wilder. Nelly performing. I don't need, I ain't do it for the money. Yes you did. Yeah you did nigga. No I thought y'all supported me because I put my city on Nigga this has nothing to do with St.


Louis. It's sexy red. This ain. Louis nigga nobody asked you and send to St. Louis to do this for them Nelly and I fucking with Nelly but nobody requested that bro. I just seen then he called then like Snoop Dogg say it was like some Jigaboo if you did it in 2017. Yeah. And he jig old, old Snoop Dogg was talking greasy. Which one you fuck niggas is going. They put the side by thought into each other. It fire jig, jigaboo jig motherfucker. These niggas getting old. Boy. That's the we because ain't no way you forget something that you did in 2017. He forgot to go on the drip.


That's funny. Hey that wire came through. He said I had to change of part. Oh God I can't wait to see Trump this into that motherfucker. I here. Oh my god. When y'all did it. I can't man. I can't. So it was, I don't know. Let's just say he gave Snoop half a meal. Alright. He gave Snoop more than half a million. Snoop. Snoop. So you wouldn't have did it be what about he say let's go come do a podcast with us. He going, he gonna pay us a half a ticket nigga we we sat out with Charles White guy Justman. What the fuck is Donald Trump though? What The fuck is Donald Trump going do? Keep the ball rolling.


We did get bad from the black community. You know it's crazy. I was like, I was like yeah I felt bad for TikTok closing now. 'cause I see how many people enjoy TikTok and more importantly the people who made money or made a living from that. Like I don't never wanna buy lose no paper. I was like boy he would be catching on TikTok. Fuck y'all. Y'all need to be in timeout. Yeah, I don't think people look at us different though because we do. I mean we media so him coming to sit down with us, it wouldn't Donald Trump. It wouldn't be, it would definitely be scru off for sure. It would be a choice. But that'd kill us. That'd kill us bro. If we sat down and just talked to Donald Trump Yeah that'd be lie. We embracing him. What if we did everybody though? What if we did all the presidential candidates though? Like ran down like Kamala, come sit down.


You know our how we voice it, we would sit down with anybody. Yeah. Yeah. So it depends On how y'all, how y'all did it. Yeah. Talk Shit. Yeah that would have to be a real, we would have to have it used to be on all the black shows. What the fuck happened? What's up with Monte? I'm gonna say was you a Vince McMahon? How Are you guys doing China up? Y'all was super good friend. Did you really get shot? Where is the Woo nigga That Happened this summer? Right? Good. They said Donald Trump shut down TikTok so motherfuckers can fuck with him. Back up nigga.


That shit opened up later. He Came back and said nigga fucking with him though. After that he looked at the band and he said joke, I hate people man. It's it's such a fucking joke bro. It's it's man motherfuckers is crazy though. Hey but man to the people who was getting money on TikTok, man I'm happy y'all still got y bread man. We ain't not here hating on that at all man. I know. Sure. You, you was geeked up. Oh nah bro, I really shop. Yeah I know the marketplace. Yeah all the people talking shit. Remy ma all 'em like nah bro we still focused bro. What really you mindset say? People said TikTok only now y'all can focus bro. That had nothing to do with my focus bro. Yeah, she said that like if I was on bullshit, TikTok was not gonna stop. She said you can focus if you got off TikTok. Yeah. Lock in. What's her, what's her nigga name?


I don't think it's easy, easy to block. Yeah. Turn your TV off. Turn your TV off for sure a nigga. I ain't gonna tell me who said it though Paul. This is kind of funny though. But a nigga sent me a real, he funny as fuck. He was like is this the ugliest beef we ever seen? He was like Remy Ma. He was like Remy her dude that was, I know what you talking That really is crazy. Was rolling. I was like I ain't the cutest nigga but That's A funny Yes. That was making her verses out of girl niggas is crazy. Yeah, I was like and that's one thing too. Y'all better be happy that TikTok is back because all the people on TikTok was just about to come to Instagram with the bullshit and y'all gonna be mad about it.


Yeah. Shit, that's gonna be pissed. Yeah, that's gonna be pissed bro. I see his girl. Damn Pap that's Papuss girl now she got beef with Layla Ali. Oh. Or some shit. The boxer. Yeah. I don't know if there that situation you go, was that Boxer from Philly? Clarissa Shields? Yeah. Yeah I seen they had beef or something. I, I ain't never really tapped in but I was just interested. I'm like damn. Nah, she said she's more accomplished. She was like I had a better career and I'm more accomplished than you Lela Ali. I ain't, I'm, I ain't even tapped in. Yeah I, I don't but I know Ccle Shields is very successful at her sport. Yeah know she got like a movie tour or some shit. Yeah she got one coming out. Oh yeah, it just came out believe on Christmas. Yeah they thought it was a, they thought some of that back and forth was a part of the rollout to get hype up for the movie.


So that's why I remember Rolling Reason. I remember Layla catching Stray boy. Yeah, she just, Hey Layla ain't she like 60? Yeah bro, she man hell no she, she's 60 but she's definitely older. Like LA be her life. This podcast is fucked up. 47. Oh damn. She still be, she might still be fighting 47. Oh yeah she can still swing. Yeah 60 nigga she fight for her life. Nigga tried to kill her. That's when the battle begin. Nah nigga my mama 60 nigga fuck you Yo Ain box nigga. The fuck she only had like eight fights only, only like 10 female boxers but hell no.


Especially when she started fighting women. CT is different bro. Women CT is different. Yeah like my auntie was a boxer. Like she got her ass beat by Layla Ali. Oh fuck. She was undefeated by the way. Who? What's her record Mike? 24. Oh exactly. That many boxers. I think she fought a couple motherfuckers. What's chills record? Four times. That's funny. My auntie is one of our victories. For real. My aunt Nicki. Damn. Oh for real? She be, yeah she be my aunt Nicki? Yeah, she's 15 now. Right now I believe. Oh okay. Oh yeah. Nah she outta pocket then you got Yeah I wish she got more belts or something. She probably got more money and like situation earnings. But that's like Ali was fighting when they was only probably getting 10 bands.


Yeah bro. She's a pioneer for there wasn't that many fights. She came out when the WNBA came out. Yeah, no dead ass. Yeah and that's funny we was, we'll talk about Enri a little bit later but they were talking about some of the best guards in the W and I was like man y'all luck, y'all better be happy that we didn't see a young Cynthia Cooper like Cynthia Cooper dark shit when she was older, her career she got to the W when she was longer brave. Yeah she came into a league like rta Saboni, nah, straight up but was called Michael Jordan. Who was the hardest for sure. Yeah I think niggas better be glad we didn't see she Miller nigga. I think she'd been the greatest motherfucker to ever Grace of goddamn WNBA Flo. Yeah. Yeah. And she was tall, motherfucker had like 140 points in the game now. Sure Miller would've whooped shit bro.


She would've whooped shit for sure. Yeah her USC highlights is unbelievable bro. Even she swoops too though. They was, they was lit. They was more lit than the girls now not in a like media space but like for them to be like of course swagger to me. No I'm saying they ain't even have that much like coverage over the W or like women's basketball wasn't highly covered like it is now but I feel like we knew more but we still knew Sheryl Sw. That's what he was saying. Knew he's legend. Tina Tom their legends was like welcome. I went to their dream team shit Witherspoon when they was here Dream I think it was Dream Team two and the Women's had the team too. It was Cheryl Swoops and all that Donley. Yeah they was on Martin and shit. Yeah on the TV shows I feel like they was more like yeah.


Yeah bro. I think they was more swagger than the girls now. Like I don't know. I mean I ain't, we ain't gonna go too far but I'm just saying for them not to have no social media. Yeah and no real buzz for real. It was basically off niggas that hooped and was around the culture still fucked with them heavily. Yeah we used to watch them comments like the Houston S one like four times in a row. Oh God I used to be but they cheated bro. I was like they hard and the liberty was always good but they was learning about Theresa West. Rebecca Lobo wasn't enough bro. Damn. Rebecca Lobo. Lauren Jackson was cold. It wasn't Bird Shorty Theresa spo. Yeah I used to watch that. I was a big three and I used to look at oh girl that died used to, they had the little point guard she died.


Nah. Oh they had old girl that played on the Sacramento team. Ero? Yeah she was hard. She was motherfucker P Vic. Yeah she used to play like Jason Williams. Jason Williams was in Sack at the point guard for the dudes and shit was the point guard for the girls for sure. Man I used to be locked in with the W you know what's crazy, I was looking at the Unravel league and shout out to them for that. I think that's so far that they made they own league in that situation. The 3 0 3 shit you get to see everybody hoop. I was thinking about those all day. It was like damn if some of those older W players got the benefit from this offseason league the way they showcase their game and then like going forward now like we podding here but I had tickets to go see Juju and IU sold out. Like imagine when Juju gets her arrival like yeah you gonna see her in the W but like you see Kaitlyn Clark one day in that situation.


That shit gonna go crazy man. I don't think Kaitlyn ever gonna do it though. Nah she she probably won't but I think at one point if it was big enough to benefit everybody else I think she would do it just to do it. Maybe she don't play a whole season but I feel like she'd opened the game up. Imagine her opened up a 3 0 3 game against Juju. That's some historic shit. It'd be fire but I don't think, I don't think she ever gonna do it for sure. I just like the fact they got, it's kinda like when niggas want Kobe to play in the big three, it ain't no shade to the big three or that she bigger than anybody but like I don't think Aja Wilson and they'll never play in it. I don't think So. You don't think so? Hmm. That's interesting. They make too much money off the court and they do like they gonna eventually start doing other stuff like when basketball is out.


Like I think that's what we thought Skylar Diggins was gonna do but she kind of like went the other way. She like got reserved, started like staying to herself. Had a family. People kind of looked down on like when you have a kid or you are a woman and you have a kid and you play sports and like you attractive niggas fall off like they start fucking with you when they find out you got a nigga, you know what I mean? Like it was like oh you start following a girl on Instagram? Yeah. Alright, pump off pregnant Follow. Yeah so once she got, she got married, got locked in and had a family I think her celebrity kind of went down and you know it's crazy too she went through a lot of scrutiny in that situation getting back and you know they tried to use the angrily black unstable not happy player woman situation card and she was right about all that shit and that was crazy like she got labeled so much and she was just being herself.


Yeah they should have. I agree with her when she said she should have got marketed different I 1000% I think I just think Skylar came at a bad time like kind of how you was catching the ass end of them deals type shit. When it was time to sign a new contract if she was coming out now with Juju and them I feel like Skylar would be just as lit. Oh yeah she probably more lit like she'd be a $10 million shooting nigga type shit. Oh 'cause she was girly. Yeah like she was and all the rappers was fucking with you. Yeah like she was and she was but she was like no like her and Angel Reese are similar but she carried herself a little different. Like you knew she was a Hooper. Not of fact like she all the rappers liked her but you knew like yeah nah she played basketball though like and I focus with Scholar to all the strength she came from motherfucker Albanian that's a tough ain't no big market at all.


We from Indiana so yeah she carried the torch. She was a real life celebrity in this motherfucker. Nah I swear to God. And she wasn't like she go to that shit but she wasn't like locked in. Yeah but like she was hanging with them same people she grew up with and that shit was like cool to see 'cause you knew like she was about hoops for sure and like still to this day she hoop like playing in that three on three league. It's like damn she really like Hoopy. Yeah no for sure. Definitely love to see how that grow that being started by players, owned by players and them the being like y'all ain't gotta go overseas, we can go hook three on the ring, get this bread. I fuck with that the long way. Nah that shit's hard. Nah for sure.


The NFL playoffs kickoff this weekend and the action is always heating up on the field at the drafting sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draftking Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sports Book. Download the app today and use promo code club five 20. That's code CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bits if you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and Y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you could be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Stop hitting snooze on new tech. Upgrade the whole team@lenovo.com. Unlock ai experiences with the ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors So you can work, create and boost productivity all on one device. Win the tech search for business pcs@lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about faith this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games they've come in and haven't scored 20 points and you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings. To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Oh it's such a clutch off season pickup Dave. I was worried we'd bringing back the same team I Meant those blackout motorized Shades blinds.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No it's easy. I installed these and then got some from my mom. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install Hall of Fame sun. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Blinds.com is the goat. Go to blinds.com for 40% offsite wide blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


You seen this? I wanna see hey man this tweet, I'm gonna start putting tweets of the week on the show man because y'all be seeing some Friday shit and it needs to be talked about. There was this tweet that be saw. Hey man, this girl was just like I invited this nigga to see my son play. He was like damn number 22 sad. She was like that's my son as a coach and there's all people who been around sports. Hey tell me that is not the funniest shit ever. It's I wish that happened next to me. Oh niggas always just talk to me after the game. My nigga slide with something. I'm like the hell bro. He like bro so fucking garbage. So we never made him to Twitter but that shit happens every day in the a u world.


That's funny. We gotta do, we gotta do real of the week too because that's how that the way, way shit came about. Oh Lord. Hey you know what, them niggas on TikTok so good. They edited that video like Luis made it. Yeah because people just like y'all put that together so good. I said we did not do that. Whoever runs that fucking entirely NBA page, you are out of pocket. You got my dms crashing. Stop posting us bro. We appreciate the love of God. Well I I definitely gotta do real little We bro. I be saying so funny shit on Instagram bro. They be having me cry. Nah, that'll be tight though. Did y'all see Booby track? Yeah, I was gonna say they tagged us on tour. They was was like Whatt gonna do now I I don't see no running out.


I said damn I wish I was out there. They running outside. Motherfucker was outside. I said oh y'all got too much money running outside Naked is crazy. They about to lock your ass up a streaking. You try you just leaving working. Yeah and niggas still throwing money nigga literally throw money in the street bro. Pick that money up bro. Nah bro you can't flex that bad bro. If the girls are going to get the money though. But that I have. Nah bro that look crazy. Put the cones out. There's cops out here. Let's end the night. Right way as as they should. They say one more time we ain't gonna be back pick it up off the concrete. It's crazy though Nigga ain't never threw a stripper party in the street. Never. That's lit bro. That might be the that's the vibe. Good weather's.


That's the first A neutral sight strip club is crazy. Don't steal our idea. I'm just saying they already did it. You should seen them. They was the store, they was doing crazy. Nah it wasn't organized so organizing that is crazy. Making a fly from that's crazy shit. The girls don't get on the pose anyway no more. Everything a twerk contest now bro. That's a fact but a motherfucker picking that single off the curb is crazy on God. Oh no you need a real broke deal. I always wondered what made and this I you know we was at the strip club or whatever but I Why would you be the nigga that sweeps up the money? Like what Your right mind what's say I want that job.


They get paid and they around girls all day. I get it bro. But sweeping money bro. Niggas spilling drinks bro on you type shit bro. They get paid. They around girls all day. They around naked women. They probably stealing some them sip which is crazy. They probably selling this girl singles just give them too freaky for me bro. Shout out to all the niggas that sweep up the money and be ho niggas in the club. Hey Dobie watch out nigga. I swear to God so aggressive. Be security though. When I think about it they be security until a fight happens and then you see the real security motherfucker pull his shirt over his head and punch him on top of his shit. Damn I hate you niggas bro. They damn do be security though. Nah Jeff, them niggas be too small bro. Them niggas be swinging niggas money up.


A nigga probably do all type of MMA they really be guard like get your bitch ass home man we threw 37. You do not need to sweep up. This is a quick leg sweep. This my nigga. I always wonder what that job title was called. I'm like is this on Nd like why the fuck do you keep coming over here sweeping up this fucking buddy? Man it is only DI want the winner of the interview hours. It was the most annoying niggas in the club man. I ain't trying to fuck up nobody paper. I'm just saying some of you niggas need to relax man. Who's watch them with a bathroom attendance? Nah the bathroom attendance is cool. Yeah bathroom niggas is getting you back Right. Oh god you actually supposed as soon as you go to the club you're supposed to tap in with the bathroom nigga so he can spray you down with the cologne and shit like that.


Get you a mint. You know what I mean? I don't want that some shit having that heat there in Atlanta. Oh God to god bro. All the best you know all everybody still so he got a plug his YSL, you know what I mean? Gucci plug. Yeah bro I'm trying nigga he trying to hand you to paper say hey my nigga I appreciate pound bathroom nigga pause was the truth. He had everything in that bitch don't good. They don't got the sweep up man in here though. My son said ain't no money bro. She that motherfucker picking up them after that song over with Nigga I was there thinking like last the sunset they we was doing that Damn.


Hey was just right next to the chicken wings on the ground. I get a snowblower that bitch ain't no way I'm getting, I'll be looking at them niggas getting on the ground doing this. I'm like bro yo girl is shitty. You in here doing this right now. And he having a having a time. His favorite part-time job Elite. Oh man man get well soon. Booby trap man you will be missed for sure. Whoever please give me the title of that job though. Like whenever y'all get the chance. I know y'all got all the answers Lo on Indeed for sure. Y'all crazy man. Mike look up the job title. I might swerve hit that corner.


Hey devil blame ma Jello for the Lions losing his legs. That nigga swerve and they hit a fucking brick wall. That's how you know he get money for real. How powerful labels are bro. He performed. He just dropped a song bro you performing at a playoff game. That nigga ain't never performed in his life ever. Bro bro. And I wasn't mad at it like ever that's fire when niggas say man y'all coulda got big shot or anybody. I gotta think like yeah y'all really could've, this is a big moment for Detroit too. Y'all just now getting back. Right. We kicking this bitch off of Jello bro. They don't got Jello to goat bro. They don't got a Tweaker bro. Can't, you can't tell me shit bro. Generational slap bro. Man niggas gotta respect it bro. I don't God respect but bro everybody else got his by perform at the playoffs bro.


And I've never touched the stage bro with that shit bro. Peewee Kirkland bro. Come on man. However many Detroit Stadium hold bro. I performed in front of that many people bro. H too many niggas can say that bro. And nigga and these, these niggas that really rap like that are really good rappers bro. I don't know if Boston Richie ever performed in front of 20,000 people bro. It is more than 20,000. I'm saying like four field. Yeah that's so damn there with like 90,000 people. Yeah so that that, that capacity is od nigga and it was lit up bro. 65,000. Yeah and that's sold out too. That's a home play up game. So that's a hell of an opportunity man. Shout out to Jello. Fuck it. That's hard man. I'm so glad they lost though. Nah not 'cause of Jello.


I'm just saying like I want Jayden Jameses bro that shit's hard bro. As a rookie quarterback. Hey he lick man let's talk about it. That was one of the my favorite football games I've ever watched. That was a great playoff game yesterday. Redkins took care of business. Hey the real jd, he's looking like one of the ones bro. Yeah. Shout to scary Terry too man. Come on Nept Town spot is going crazy. His touchdown he had yesterday was crazy. Yeah and normally I say fucking commanders but they lit bro. I I respect them man bro. I like, I like watching them play bro. Shout Z out for throwing on the buffs after the game too. See that's, that's my type of disrespect. We beat, beat Vibe. Yeah the whole Squiddy. Yeah they was talking shit though. Detroit was talking shit so it was very fitting. Yeah fuck it. It's kind of fucked up with Detroit 'cause they wasn't at a hundred percent but that's what happens in playoffs.


Nobody is so Sada. Yeah answered my call my boy. Oh yeah me and Sada talked the other day, you know what I'm saying? Shout out to the Pistons, appreciate the free kicks. My niggas they had a bad day yesterday 'cause the Pistons lost and they lost. I think the hockey team lost it just boy Detroit get well soon man. Y'all had a hell of a weekend. Hopefully I fall back my FaceTime response since. Damn that's you need a couple days bro. You need a couple days. Oh I'm the type of nigga boy I kick you when you're down. Hey I didn't know he was the best tweeter of all time before two Doug been going crazy bro. He he stay on that motherfucker. He disrespects everybody who he gambles on and it'll come through bro. It is hilarious bro. He said jerk off you bitch you made us get dressed for this.


He said I'm about to get in the booth and ditch you right now. I'm feeling though Jerk Off had a terrible game. Jerry off got CTE yesterday bro. He shouldn't have been playing after that hit. Hell no bro. That slow motion hit was crazy. Yeah I'd have tapped out bro. I ain't gonna lie. I think they be cheating for the Chiefs too and I like the Chiefs. Whoa why where'd that come from man? Nah, I'm just saying bro because watching that game man like one time they had a whole different swag one time. I'm just saying, I'm thinking like one time it was a first down for the Texans nigga they called it back. They like yeah yard short. I'm like nigga that's a first down nigga he got there then they Pat Mahome hit these niggas and hit each other. They done gave them a rough and a pass a penalty.


Yes. Ain't hit past didn't touch Pat Mahomes at all. I'm like shit it, it's not he time here bro. I ain't want the Texas to win. I'm just saying bad. That's bad for that. Troy was fed up. Yeah he like, he said hey all right now that shit is getting outta hand man. Anytime gets a talking shit. Yeah shit get out. He was like all right now they can't even play football. They gotta change the rules. Yeah I just, the NFL is rigged. I I'm sorry you crazy man. I ain't gonna say it is rigged but I was bro I like the Chiefs I wanted to cheat too much bullshit that be happening bro. The NFL bro it's a violent sport that people don't act like it's not violent. That shit still sign your kids up to play football though. I mean if it make it make sense go crazy. We ain't never Yeah it is a risk and everything but boy Jerry Golf bro.


We saw the CTE Live bro in that game bro. That's, that was the catalyst bro. Man you know you a fighter bro. Fuck it. So who y'all wanna see in the, the super bro now? I mean we record this on Sunday before the other games take place as well. Just as a preference. Shit I would love to see Ravens. I would love to see Commanders. Mm Yeah I want the Ravens that be far. Oh no damn near the Eagles bro. Yeah I want Eagles. I don't want the Eagles to anything prosperous. I want Eagles because this beef in Dallas. I get it. Yeah but I want Eagles Buffalo. Yeah that that, that Draft Kings is Bull plus 4,000.


But the Eagles, I ain't gonna say they got lucky but them not having to deal. I don't know man. It is NC different man NC playoffs Don't say they don't got deal with who? I don't know. I ain't gonna say too much but some of the top Cs definitely are falling in the fcs so the Eagles never got it. They got a good ass team but I, I don't, I don't know man. Jalen hurts. I don't the all hated side it just, I don't see it bro. I think they win 'cause of Seon but Jalen hurts ain't, I don't see it bro. So you think the commanders would beat though? I would love for that to happen if he made it to the Super Bowl bro he's a, he's Goed. Yeah that's crazy. He's already having one of the best rookie seasons of all time. Yeah for he is. He probably has the best rookie season of all time. I'm not mad at it bro. Yeah, nah that'd be dope though for sure.


That's fire to beat the Lions in the playoffs. That's a rookie because they've been pulled for a long time bro. But they are living proof that it Red Skins been trash in the NFL. If you do things the right way you can bounce back in one year. The only nigga I ever knew from the Redskins was LaVar Arrington or some shit like that. Damn for real? Yeah. Who else played Sean Taylor rrp? I don't remember them niggas like that. RPI remember Sean Taylor but a elite LaVar Arrington was like the only person. I think I had his jersey for free. Somebody gave it to him. He was the best linebacker on Madden for a long time. Yeah he was cold. That I can really remember. Yeah unfortunately I know about the race T passed kind of quick.


Yeah unfortunately. Yeah but he was, he was he it was an animal when he was there. Most definitely. But yeah the NFL playoffs is crazy man I this, I think this bill's Raven Games about to be, everything's advertised. I think it's about to be one of 'em games. I didn't, nobody thought that that Lions and Commanders game was gonna be as good as it was yesterday but that was a great game yesterday. Ravens about two touchdowns. See this is about the NFL is so loved 'cause games and shit like that. Like in the NBA it's so many games played that you can't really be interested until the playoffs come and then the playoffs get here and it's still a seven game series. So you not as tuned into like it's like a game people tennis span just not long. Yeah that's why the NFL is so watched 'cause you got, it's like a one shining moment.


That's why people love the NCAA tournament. Hell yeah because you got that one game to make it happen. The NBA give you a chance if you the best team you got seven games to show that you the best team. Lord. Jeez I couldn't imagine the NFL being a playoff series boy. What? Multiple games bro. Niggas would die bro. Motor Kombat bro. Finish him be hella fatality though for every, there would be no insurance in the NFL. They would not cover anybody. Y'all would go through hundreds of players a year bro. If I had most LeBron playoffs serious. Yeah. That's crazy. I know it's good for TV for the NBA but I think the excitement from that you got one game. Oh yeah. One time to do that's door die. Yeah that would be crazy if you had it like if you just had like the best two teams in the league.


Like say like we said cabs, like see obviously not that best example but alright. Hey for the finals one game, figure it out. That would be insane. Insane. I know it's a money money grab but I'll do the best outta three. Everybody best outta three be. Yeah I mean they, they stretching it just for the money but yeah. Yeah because I think it'd be more, it'd be more exciting if it was like that it'd be more competitive. It was the best out of three nigga to get to it because motherfuckers they wanna win game one. But you really just like game one's like a wash. Yeah. Like you be like damn we could still game one. That'd be good if you on the road. Yeah You be like damn we could steal it. That'd be good. But best three everything matter bro. Yeah. Yeah the execution's different but also I, I showed a lot of respect too 'cause like you said, I gotta beat you four times so I gotta figure you out enough to beat you four times.


That takes a lot of everything to that shit. Yeah. The best you get lucky once. Yeah the best team going. Most likely the best team is gonna win mo more, more times out not but yeah it don't, it don't have that like thrill factor like the Redskins won last night. We know the Lions for the most part probably was a better team. Yeah. Throughout the whole season. But that little thrill part like damn they came to play today, they fucked him up. Oh shit. Yeah like there ain't no Cinderellas in the NBI said only Cinderella that I, I knew for sure what was the Cinderella one stacking them beating do we believe? Yeah. Yeah. But like you go to the next round it's like oh yeah you know you did. You know what I ain't making those was Cinderella was shit right there.


I just wanted to be third. Yeah, yeah. Ain't no Cinderella runs like in a league like nobody going all the way to the playoffs. Like I mean Miami did when Jimmy and it was like the eighth seat or something. They went all the way up to they went but then boom, they got to the end then I didn't think Detroit business was gonna win to oh four. They was one of the better teams out here. I they, they wouldn't a CI row but I never thought they would win a chip. They had a whip too. They was one of the better teams out here though. That Miami team me. Yeah definitely some cinder rush. You go from the play in to the fucking Yes. Crazy. Yeah. Y'all wouldn't say oh nah I got y'all Toronto they was hooping all year. Yeah. Ka kawa Cinderellas team though bro.


That still elite to me. The fact that he went up there and got them niggas a chip and bounced like what was they like the four five. That might, that might be the most, yeah that wasn't, that wasn't Bon though. But I'm say that must, that might be the most fired chip championship bro. Yes. KD and them was down respect and they would've swept him probably. But I'm saying he won it. You know y'all just said this shit come injury So you play who he got? He got one of the more special titles. That was just because like even during the run, that crazy ass shot against Philly. Like I don't know man. Historic shot bro. Yeah and the smut that was on his name before 'cause he was basically like saying fuck San Antonio and that was the First time anybody publicly came out and said you going against pop stuff.


He like yeah I'll do what I want. Alright cool bro. Y'all gonna see me here cool. One to nurse come back. I fuck with it more than everything too 'cause they got, Toronto was always good. Yeah. Like they was always K is a winner. They was always winning two seats. Yeah they they was winning 50 games. Yeah. DeMar de Rosen. This is the reason why his number up there for a reason. Nah. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't know. Kawa just got one of them top championships from me. Yeah. Just to go get one like that fire. I ain't against it. Dang. Shout to Kawa man. Clippers man. Can they do something? No, no. Shout to MP though. Keep turning up on these hating ass niggas. Yeah, don't worry about what side to say bro. He don't watch them games bro.


He don't, he don't watch them games bro. Nah, we found out that was hey real quick. I was like why you don't like, nor that's a random nigga to have beef with bro nor about to do them play basketball. Chill bro. How knew that was Ka then Personal hates to get different though. For sure man. Did you see the Draymond? I'm sorry tweet with the to to the exes To the Jordan pool? Yeah. Oh, I thought it well some see my fault Tel. Y'all know we, we talk My bad. That's what's up there. Joshua gets killed. Jordan Pool said I'm cool with everybody over there. Well some of them. Mm Well I love everybody over there. Well some of them. Oh okay. And wrote Man I'm sorry it's too late. Yeah, too late.


He just apologize the damage is done because my thing about it is I don't give a fuck that you sorry, I still want my kick back. Yeah you knocked the Hennessy off that boy lips. So ain't no way. Ain't no way. He knocked the sidecar out. That nigga. So ain't no way he he gonna forgive him 'cause he couldn't get his lick back for real. Hell no. What do you think that messed up the Warriors run? Yep. That that punch right there. They didn't wanna make that trade bro. They had just paid Jordan pool. Yeah he was coming to his, he was supposed to be the next breath of fresh air in that dynasty bro. If they still had Jordan pool bro. I think the trajectory of a lot of things for that team is still on a good pace.


We don't know what the fuck the words are right now. But you having a young elite guard that Steph could have like now you ain't gonna say take nights off but could've relied upon. Yeah Clay could have relied upon you could could've kept them. Maybe Clay comes back cheaper. That was the first, that was the last domino that fucked everything up. Their relationship probably was just too rocky at that point though. But how could it be cool? Like I couldn't even be mad. Like how could it ever be cool? Yeah he couldn't stay there. But I'm saying yeah I'm saying like Draymond, you know he said he sorry he shouldn't have punched him but I just still think it was beef still. I still don't think he fuck with it. I think it was more like a little brother, big brother. You know when the little brother finally he coming into his own. He on a max deal now You feeling yourself? Yeah. Like you used to talk down to me 'cause I was young.


I ain't had no bread, I ain't had no chips. I ain't do nothing yet. I ain't play. But now I'm one of the main people. I really now I do more than you but oh bro, in that run you mean I damn there a little bit more. Yeah. You know what I mean? I was, he was very important bro. I was a very important part of this. Yeah. More important. I on the max deal you we gonna talk different now like so now I can poke my chest out a little bit. Yeah bro. And then when somebody used to, you always being little brother and you, you know you snapping back out. They like nigga what bro, why? Who he fuck you talk to? You know Dre Ma? He got a personality and Jordan Pool probably just feeling himself in, I was crazy.


He probably was saying some shit that I hate. I hate that was caught on Cam. Yeah, it probably some shit. He said that hit home. Yeah. He's like, I got, I'm gonna hit home Mark. I hit your fucking dome. Hit that nigga with a street fighter boy. Man what? Whoever leaked that is crazy. Whoever leaked that, fuck the dynasty up. More importantly. Yeah, that's what I'm saying bro. Yeah. I just feel like that was handled different. I don't know. He still well though. You can't walk in every day a nigga, you know what I mean he nigga caught me before he landed. Like I, I can't walk in every day. You caught me before I landed. You spared me too. Yeah. Like did I get one lick? Like if I just, hell, you know what?


That's good awareness by Draymond though because that nigga coulda hit his head on that hardwood. Coulda been a lot worse boy. Oh boy. He would've been so, Draymond had that before Awareness. Hell King be all star nigga. Yeah, that's good shit. Draymond for sure save you a little nigga like that bro. That's that football shit I handed at one time because the sad part is everybody just looking niggas kind of damn slid to the side. Yeah. Niggas was not outraged at all by the situation. Man, I, I hate that happen though because they, I mean people in NBA told us that motherfuckers fight all the time. It just, when they get leaked, I seen people fight in practice but like that I ain't never seen nigga get punched. Oh okay. I seen niggas like I seen niggas scuffle.


Yeah. Seeing, seeing 6, 9, 6 10 niggas wrestle is crazy. Hey man, speaking of back and forth, did you see Isaiah Stewart? Oh but he did push him though. Jordan did. He is in his face though. But but he, he, he walked up on him. Yeah. I mean by all principals. Yeah. I just wanted to see him catch him draft pocket. I didn't remember that part. He called Pocket bro. What Isaiah Stewart do? Oh he told Miles. He said he played with Lego goes Yeah you were a fruity ass nigga. You can't say that. Oh, I didn't know he caught him with fruit Rey.


It was funny because Sada was at the game. He was ized so like he walked over and talked to Sada before he said that. So I was crying and then I seen James walk over and that's when shit kind of died down. Yeah, yeah. The niggas ex, ex exit stage left for sure. Yeah. Damn. We called him that shit. That shit get real weird bro. I say when James walked over, nigga started like he got a different or bro. So that's a different generation bro.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Stop hitting snooze on new tech. Upgrade the whole team@lenovo.com. Unlock ai experiences with the ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors So you can work, create and boost productivity all on one device. Win the tech search for Business pcs@lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway this new year. Make sure you take some time to take care of yourself and your family. Stock up on your favorite personal care items now through January 28th and earn four times the points to use towards discounts on groceries or fuel shop in store, online or in the app for items like Pantene shampoo, old Spice Body Wash, Pampers SWS diapers, Venus Razors and Crest Complete toothpaste and earn four times points on your purchase. Offer ends January 28th. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors For us. Just This overall sense of community, the values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting a loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live.


And you know about me bro. It is. You gonna find out. Yeah, because Isaiah story, you know what I mean? He played that role in the league. Yeah, yeah. Ain't ready that on LeBron too. Y'all know it ain't sweet but yeah, ain't sweet. But that's a different head though. You ain't never seen a nigga catch or punched and kick you. Yeah, that's a real God. This ain ain't adorable. It's a different Negan boy. Yeah, he said basketball's not my real job. Yeah bro. It's not what I really love, bro. That is crazy though. Isaiah store is out of pocket. Boy. Yeah that that shit was crazy. That's why I was like, all right, we getting back to some beef this year in the league. Niggas not liking each other. Get the disrespect going. I like this. That'd be nice to see the pacs first Detroit in the playoffs series. That's that's if they make it there. Yeah.


I mean y'all I've been seeing a lot celebrating from the PIs like and no listen, there's not been no bigger Pistons fan on earth than me this year, but y'all are here talking like 20 wins is like a great year for y'all right now. So I appreciate the love but let's not act like, you know what I'm saying? Y'all are fighting to get the play in, you know what I'm saying? Where the pace at? We're at fifth seat right now. We're comfortable. You know what I'm saying? We'll be at the top. Boy that nigga in. Yeah, we're comfortable. How far is the gap in the game? A game. We six right now too. They moved up? Yeah, we moved up. The Pistons are right there then. Pacers 24 19 PIs 2021 What the haw 21 or 21.


What's the haw? Six HAWS and 6 20 19. Okay. Yeah. Motherfuckers. Hey what fuckers? Yeah I told you about them Haws. You think the on some real shit all by side. Do you think the patience can beat the Hawks in the playoffs series? Yes they can beat 'em. Yeah they got but I don't think they will. They can but they won't. We won't. I I think it could go either way because they have the tray young who could I know can win for games. But I also know the way we've been playing since we've had Andrew Nihar back, we are a very difficult team to deal with. But we won't get that far. We're gonna have to deal with one of the heavy hitters. 'cause both of us is gonna be probably 5, 6, 7, 8 at that point. If they both get a four or five matchup, I think the Hawks will win.


'cause y'all not beating us in Atlanta. The vibe historically don't be Char in Atlanta. Yeah, the vibes in Atlanta when the playoffs come. That's the one thing I can say about the Hawks, the Atlanta playoffs. That shit is a vibe. Like every time we play in the playoffs that shit is fun. The crowd be really there but like the regular season hit or miss but the playoffs y'all had a bunch of stars pulling up. Oh you, you get that on regular season games too but in the playoffs, yeah everybody there it'd be, it'd be lit. So I know we gonna win at home. The only thing is it'd be lit here in Indiana too. I was gonna say after what I saw last year's playoff run, especially that first round series against Milwaukee. I was like okay we can, we can do this again. Yeah. Whoever got a home court advantage probably will win that series 'cause Indiana a tough place to play to.


Is Jalen Johnson better than every role player on them Pacers? Yeah he better than Seattle. No he is not smoking crack cocaine. Shit. Not NBA chat not 20 a night. What think missing co again nigga. Yeah he doing it in the rec league. I he ain't this an Allstar break yet. I see Pascal get 25 in the finals my nigga. He said the rec league is crazy mean he got 25 when everybody was hurt. Shit he got 25 last year. He finals DJ disrespectful. I mean I'm saying bro you talking about they got they James you know they got sweat. You got sweat. You see Jason tell you that's the hardest C playing last year you got sweat like he had 25 in the finals, it got sweat.


So you took a 30 and they to come his final, he got sweat. Jalen Johnson is better than Chiko. Yes. No he no. Yes bro. No. Yeah. What he don't do that Chiko can't do. He way more athletic. Middy is not like that. Like his is Pascal on the block. Midy turn around he elites. I mean you get the ball. Jaylen Johnson is way more athletic in, he hit the ball way more like Tyree Holburn ain't a ball dominant. Point guard like Tre Young. Tray Young got that motherfucker. He making shit happen for everybody. And he got a third nigga average in the dub too. Yeah. And Deandre. Yeah I but our team scored is weird because you got, we got like four people, we got five people, six probably double figures in our team. I don't think y'all do not like to shave but I'm saying like y'all scoring is kinda like no this how their team set up.


Yeah we got a whole bunch of niggas on our bench who ever seen points. Yeah like any given night, them niggas are go killed. We don't have a lot of big scores besides Pascal. That's what I'm saying. Y'all got a, that's what he's Yeah, most y'all team is like role players. Y'all don't got no stars. Like see AKA is y'all Star, our star is our point guard it which is Trey Young and I mean like Tyree Holburn a good player. He is Star but he ain't dominating like to Trey Young. Like Tre Young chilled out this year. Trey Young usually 29 and 10. He took us back, you know what I mean? He took a seat back like all right I'm gonna just get 20 and 12. I'm gonna let these young boys show what they do. He took a big, big break at the beginning of the year.


Yeah he was like 18, 19 points like yeah down their pure point guard type shit. For sure. That would be a hell series though because both play up until basketball. I like aka I ain't hating. But what's AKA averaging 2020. That ain't gonna get 20 bro. I'm with Jalen. 19.7 the same averaging 10 bound different What? What's Sigo average price? They like miles average a bunch of rebounds. Yeah it's different. Yeah D they average five or six three. I don't, I don't why he average three. It could be zero. I don't want him to pass the ball. That's what I'm saying. Yo. Your best score, your best score ain't even no real score like that.


Yeah. Hey bro, he scored when we need him to bro. I'm just saying that's all. That's a true statement though. If I'm gonna have a elite scorer K cu on my best scorer he average at 20 5K and Durant my lead best scorer, he average down there 30 my go-to dude averaging damn near 30. Yeah that's our go-to. Damn right. Y'all said option average at what? Probably 17 Tyrese 17. What's is that Ben at 16? 16? Yeah we probably got six or seven players to double figures though. That's the crazy part. But we got 20, 20, 20. Oh my mom, we probably got three other people that least average. Only problem is niggas gotta have a good day every game in that series because we gonna have our players fuck up but we got three niggas on a bitch that they go get that back because Aaron D. Smith will go, you know Andrew Nihar to go kill some shit And we seen that in the playoffs that me Tyrese ain't doing that.


Andrew Nihar having a good game, mean Tyrese doing that and Tyrese ain't having a good game and my nigga fill in, fuck it. We still young have a bad game. We still got Jaylen Johnson better get 40. We still got bogey. Bogey still come in and have moments. Oh my nigga I'm sleep if you, if you you alive Andrew Nihar, I'm alive with Bogey. I seen Andrew Hart hit the three to win the game against the Knicks. I see Bogey had moments name them because after YouTube as he beat the Lakers on the game winner, he beat the gold state played in the game, played in the Eastern conference finals. What do you mean did what you talking about? You did Mo was like that. He was like that about he was like that DJ talking about right now though nigga they had body, they literally they play anybody I knew that was play they play anybody you got swept like anybody could play respect our Eastern Copper like anybody could play.


TJ McConnell played shout, shout to TJ O Topping just got wave from the Knicks all sudden. He play all the time like and he be hooping on tips. I mean I'm not saying all good but I'm just saying they let everybody play pull up out the, you know what I mean else the YMCA team Ben Shepherd, they they could just come out nowhere get the play not help. And I'm not saying trying to hoop bring big Ben Han he played, he played shout to me goodbye. I remember when everybody was on D Smith head forgetting Christmas though. I said hey man Tyler hands got off squad let on y'all team y'all let everybody play. Go to their roster. Like everybody get a a chance. Thomas Bryant has has been a service back for us.


Everybody get a chance And I ain't mad at the, if I played in the league, I wanna play on a team like that. Yeah but I'm just saying everybody don't get them chances. Yeah it is just vibes bro. It just vibes on our team bro. My bad. I ain't mean to start that though. That was funny. And I played for the pacer, I just showed no love bro. I'm sorry. I actually like the pace shit. That's crazy man. I had, we talk about the NFL playoffs but I ain't really excited to see the NBA playoffs this year. I know a lot of teams, especially the West. Maybe let us now a little bit but especially you talking about those Eastern conference gaps. Yeah that first round bike be spooky but after that it's gonna be real bro. It's gonna be real battles this year. Yeah. Nah I think it's gonna be real exciting. Nah, we just gotta get these trades and shit out the way.


Figure out what teams is really gonna do. We gotta see, we gonna have the best defense. Somebody gonna have to guard somebody this year straight up. So whoever guard gonna win a win a chip. See Boston was guarding a little bit last year when Pius came back they really was having a moment. So last year they was locking people up this year ain't nobody playing no defense. So you don't think them scores is gonna be one 30 to 1 25 and them playoffs? Nah, can't be can't. You ain't gonna win like that. Only teams that gotta do stuff like that is teams like us that have to have play out of our body to win games. Like we have to go beat a a good team if we scoring 120 them other teams bro they can win in the one team one 15 range for sure. Yeah you gonna have to keep somebody under a hundred at some point.


Shit I don't even know who got a defensive mind of the team though Mean everybody's trying to get a bucket. Yeah but you gotta find a team who gonna lock up. That's the only way they gonna win. You trying to match 'em score for score it eventually gonna be whoever got the best players, you know what I mean? Like y'all have to have some different type of scheme type people out the game. Yeah, that's interesting because I'm looking at the east that that's Celtics team's gonna be very hard to deal with that Knick team's going to be very hard to deal with like Yeah like a Milwaukee play defense. They can win the chip. Yeah I think they gonna make a move. I think they gonna make a move if y'all get, if y'all, if they need Cam Johnson. I ain't gonna lie, I can't keep telling everybody need Cam Johnson but damn they everybody do need Cam Johnson.


You need, they need Ben scoring. They need another bucket bro to alleviate some pressure off that team. I, I don't know how it works out but I would love to see Zach being the team. I know we talked about it before. Yeah but that would be fire bro. Houston a good defensive team. They just not good enough. They just still young too. Yeah they give effort though. That just, I don't know it's just hard though. I feel like Boston is really kind of the only team to me who could switching on it all. All y niggas trying to run up or down say less. Oh y'all wanna lock up We got three, four niggas ready to be on that type of time. But KC guard too though. Yeah they definitely do. Niggas don't wanna see us in the defensive match. Especially when Ched is back. Yeah that's shit Green shot to skate brother Lou dot that nigga look like he could play with dn.


Yeah that nigga look strong as hell. That's what you know what I was talking about the Thompson twins. I said the Thompson brother in Detroit. I think he need to start going to the lou dot route like how Lou dot didn't have a jumper at all Now you not leaving him open 'cause he'll have a game he'll fucking around knock four or five of 'em down. Yeah he gets to that point to where he can shoot like a lou do bro is gonna be ugly 'cause this athleticism is crazy bro. They probably the most athletic guards in the in the league. Yeah bro they are like freak athletes bro. Yeah but they don't look real bro. Yeah it look crazy in OTE but now y'all doing that in the NBA is how fast they run bro and jump. I ain't seen nobody like them since Zach LaVine like when Zach LaVine used to get on the breaking Shaqs block that shit look bro. Oh you not supposed to be able to jump that high Zack boy.


6 8 6 4, 6 4 6 4. Oh damn he that little. Wow. Yeah bro that's what make that shit different bro. Yeah okay. He tall that's all. Yeah. Damn I didn't know he was that short on me. Wow. Yeah the Thompson turned about six four. What he six five Zach Zach LaVine is cold. Yeah bro. That's why I said people sleep bro. It's actually being 30, 25, 24. I'm sorry. Yeah that's Zach Lavin average 30 for sure. I dunno if it aint going anywhere he 30. That's hard to do six four in the league bro. Nah he he athletic. He athletic. I play that two hard at that level. That's crazy. I swear I thought he was taller than me. He so he used to be super fast like unbelievable fast.


He'd get on a fast break nigga he was not catching him. Mm. And what's crazy is you say that this is post two injuries. Yeah like don't contest exactly mean bro retarded bro. There was nothing you could do bro. So he been in the league league six years. What? Nah longer than that. It's like Zach eighth, ninth, ninth maybe 10. Well gotta be like his eighth or ninth because he on took this will be a second deal. Oh okay. Second big deal. Excuse me. Nah. Yeah because he was in them dunk contest years ago. Y'all right. Yeah his damn I swear that threw me off. Y'all saying he was six four though. Damn. Yeah because I think he had damn there four years in Minnesota drafting. Yeah so this damn nigga 10 that's why I said I know he at least a decade for sure he 10 ball that's high.


I be bro damn And he about to get paid again. So y'all saying he the top three shoe guard shoe Gordon league though? Top three. I don't know if I can say top three but I can say top, top five very comfortably. I just know we always and I love Devin Booker, I love all these two guards that we always say is top five. We used to be like Brad Bill, everything when you go look at his stats his team don't win but if you go look at what he do he'd be right there with him. Like how he just said he averaging 24. I bet D book probably averaging like 24 or 25 but we would say D book is like a supreme killer top 10. You know we'd be like de book one, two in the league. Yeah but we forget Zach LaVine, he right there with him.


It might just be the way they play or the way they cur theyself like D book talk shit. He let it be known. Zach kind of just under the radar he quietly killing shit. Yeah and I mean albeit to his benefit or not but especially the team situation too because you know he probably could've stayed in Minnesota but you know getting Jimmy was a good situation but he tried to leave and they said no we're matching up Bradley bill better than Zach LaVine today. Right now today? No not today. Two years ago when Brad was averaging 30. Yeah. Yeah he Brad was killing We know he ain't better than Shay. Is he better than Donovan Mitchell?


No I mean nah I wouldn't say he better than Donovan Mitchell but you probably look at they stats they probably very similar. They team ain't nowhere as good. I was just thinking about all the top two guards. It ain't that far off though. I would get no or not but it ain't like it's a slight by no means 'cause he's its okay top five then. Oh he's definitely top five for shows. That could be hard. He might, I dunno he not better than Anthony Edwards. Nah but if you look at they stats he probably like alright. No I'm just, you look at the numbers. Go look at the numbers. I bet he ain't, I respected who hasn't average averaging 27, 4 25.


Zack came in the league. Nah he got my fault And Zach averaging what four. I'm telling you it don't my points. He's 21, he's number 20 and that's not just too hard. Yeah so I'm saying he'd be like he ain't that far off. Like when I would be looking at the shit I'd be like and he'd be hooping. Yeah I'm like he ain't that far off I that he deserves. That's why I was like I can't wait him being in the M, he's a wife especially to get him getting to go like kill in the playoffs again 'cause that really showcased and put some more respect on his name bro. You to Milwaukee? Yeah. Who y'all trading from? Milwaukee. You send a BP to Chicago? Chicago you to? You have to move Chris Middleton to something else. Oh it's quiet for me. Well veto I feel you but you know some of the feelings throughout I ain't the same no more.


I feel like Zach LaVine might be better than Chris Middleton but what you get outta Chris middle that productivity it's quiet for me. I can't pull that trigger. Somebody else gotta go. I need Chris. So you saying BP and some picks? Yeah Brooke we love you. Oh they get Brooke up here. They got canceled season. We love you. They need Brook too much right now. I aint Chris. Chris Milton too valuable bro. They gotta put his jersey though. Yeah that's the Oh you still out? You have an ankle problem man come on man. Get right Chris. They playing with your name. Send Chris Chicago is crazy bro.


Yeah that's gotta suck being a vet like you and the team that's contending. It's like damn no I gotta go somewhere where everybody rebuilding bro. Buy me out. Damn y'all trading but y'all trading a healthy Chris Milton for Zach LaVine not healthy. No. In this circumstance I would've entertain it. I probably wouldn't 'cause Chris Milton's history What he meant to that team? Woo. I think history gets you fired too. I think Zach LaVine met he mesh better with dang Yeahs bro. Yeah because like Zach is a three point shooter cutter athlete. Chris Milton more of a like iso give it to me in the mid post I can get to my spots hit mid range.


I can run Point kind of like put me in pick and rolls. He need, he like a ball dominant player. Yeah like you see him shine when like other people are out like the Pacers last year when it's just Chris Middleton hooping, I can do everything, gimme the ball like I can get us a bucket. And that's what when I was on the team back then in 2021 he was that person, it was Giannis and then Drew can do everything but Chris was our bucket like go get a bucket now you got Dame, Dame a bucket, Giannis expanded his game, he get mid range shots but Dame is your bucket bucket. Zach LaVine the motherfucker that could just get hot run off 20 and a quarter.


Yeah off a straight threes like you know what I mean, you can hit go seven for 10 from three in a game. Not saying Chris can't but his is just like way more explosive and like Chris kind of like methodical like hell yeah I do surgery like I take my time with shit. Yeah. Nah Zach like a quick score like I can get out on a break run, get some easy layups. Yeah they two totally different players. Yeah sure. And I think sure I think like you said they might need that type of productivity to face them two big teams in easy to deal with the New York to deal with the Boston. You get a guy like Zach, Vinny as quote unquote third option. He getting to go iso 'cause they ain't no help. Ah it's ugly. Yeah he's gonna whoop shit. Yeah if they play New York, New York might eat and shit.


They might not make it like y'all said. Yeah if they, you know I'm saying they need some sens beans around there. They lift their way to the playoffs. Hell yeah. Y'all see y'all boy though Scotty Piman. Yeah I seen, I watched that whole little thing Scotty outta pocket man. Scotty said they ain't never go eat now one time I said Scott you a goddamn lie. You went to eat with Michael Jordan one time bro you lying. Yeah bro bro he got this weak ass Smosh Parker story. I ain't going bro. He said enough is enough. But I wanna ask you on this question because obviously I might be too young, it might be too young to notice him grabbing that nigga neck too is crazy too. That is outta pocket. He grabbed somebody neck.


Yeah. Told the nigga how he was gonna do his girl and grabbed a nigga neck. What? You didn't hear my rap? Nah, say it one more time. Pick up what I put down. Nah, Scottie Pippen. Who? Nick did he grab the nigga nigga that was talking about his girl Scotty Pi was like this is how I do it. He yelled it. That ain't how that went. Yeah it's yeah it's, yeah it's shout out to Tel the Lottel Crazy. What happened was Scotty Pit was try to holler at dude chick and then dude she said no. So dude was like all trying to flex on Instagram was like ah yeah Scotty people gonna try to holler at my chick. And she said no.


And Scotty was like ha ha ha and like grabbed his neck. It was being weird. Real. But you know Sentel put the caption on. Tell somebody this how I do your bitch is crazy. That's hard. Scotty, Scotty is out. Scott Scott's a rebrand. He's living a different life bro. And maybe you know I'm not even gonna put CT on it. Maybe he's on drugs now. Dude said I'm the real future because what he said Yeah. He said oh I seen that. Oh yeah. Yeah. So now he's saying also outside the bullshit Michael Jordan story that if it was between him and LeBron, this ain't sent, this is what really he said this is what he said. If it was between him and LeBron, an owner would choose him first because he is way more accomplished than LeBron James.


Yeah that's, that's out of Scotty Pi mouth. That's a lie. Did we ever think that him and Michael Jordan were actually friends though? Like just because you play with him. I didn't never care about NBA niggas relationships. I just never thought that they were friends. Like I mean I don't know Chip what I think about it, he might not ever went to dinner with Michael Jordan. Yeah I never seen him getting along but because I played with Al Hartford he said one-on-one, he said we went out in groups. Right. He said we ate in groups but them one-on-one. I played with people a long time. I never went to dinner with Joe Johnson by myself. Yeah I don't know bro. But I went out with Joe, you know what I mean? But I ain't never had a one-on-one dinner. He might have trying to be technical like I never had a one-on-one dinner with.


Hopefully that's what it is. But I'm like the thing that's crazy is how many coworkers have me and you had that We fuck with that work with bro. I've never seen you outside of here like eight to five. You mind   bro. Dude, I don't even know who you are on the weekends bro. We locked in at work bro. That's a fuck. But I don't, I I just felt like he just reaching for something bro. I just hate that the dude just kept talking about Michael Jordan whole interview like nigga damn. All right. Interview that nigga. Like why do you keep I I would've got mad eventually if I was scottdale he was better than me. Yeah but Scotty b hating bro. Yeah that man had a whole tour about the real ass dance. Yeah bro. Yeah but that nigga said Luke Longley and whoever the other it was Grant.


Yeah Grant He said who was the, I guess Scotty said he was the goat. Yeah. And dude was like do you really mean you the goat But Scotty like yeah nigga I said I was the goat and he was like what do you mean by goat? You think you are the greatest player of all time? He said I'm the greatest, I was goat when I was the greatest teammate. I was the greatest like and I like how he explained it. He was like you can't be the best player of all time or the greatest player of all time in a team sport. 'cause he was like if you that good you can't win by yourself. He was like before I got there he never win. And it is like that's a fact. Will we say Jordan was the best ever? Scottie Pippen never came.


No nah because he ain't win nothing. But he be like he was cold though. That nigga ain't never win. It was cold. Nah Scotty Pepper, we ain't never put no sport on his game. Nah for sure you get all the SMU post NBA, you know what I mean? So I get what he's saying. You can't really have a greatest of all time in a team sport. Ah that's not true though. You can't 'cause if you don't win you're not considered the greatest of all time. Like if you really just look at player for player like but I was the best on this team that won though bro. Yeah but you I'm better than that. We only reason you the best is 'cause we helped you be the best like Yeah but Scotty Pi won the one shit So you can't say you the goat either. He not, he said he was the greatest, all the greatest teammate of all time shit.


Best wing man of all time. I ain't mad at that. It's true. I ain't mad at that but I but you can't be the greatest of all time 'cause when you think about it playing a team sport, if I don't fuck with you and I'm like nah fuck that nigga. He shoot all the shots and I'm like I ain't doing shit. I ain't, I ain't playing defense no more. We gonna get our ass beat So you just a hoe. I'm just saying but nigga you gotta, your teammates gotta fuck with you or do they or take they job that serious that they don't give a fuck about you. They wanna win. That's true bro. But to say I'm not better than all, everybody is crazy just 'cause it's a team sport. I'm it's quiet bro. Think about when Kobe was killing, he had 81, he was doing all this shit.


They were pitch poor nigga niggas knew Kobe was the best but they wasn't saying it. Hmm Was say niggas was like Tac was the best league At one point nigga was saying that conversation that people like nigga was saying he was nigga wasn't winning his shit. Yeah he don't never talk talking about AK no more. Tac would've won some championships, niggas would be like mm. You know it's funny that Scotty said that 'cause that's also the same nigga who like checked himself out the end of the game, the Tony Cuco stuff because they ain't run a plug for. Yeah that's a hell of a teammate Scotty. Yeah man controversy I but I've said enough so nah. But if you said like the greatest player of all time, you would say Mike obviously because he won and we liked how he played changed the game.


But if you was building a player the greatest player of all time like take accolades away, would we say Mike no. If you're building the best player you're probably gonna go with LeBron. You gonna build LeBron every time. LeBron or KD in my, well I might, shit I'm building Wilt. I want the whole legacy. I'm Bill will. I ain't Bill, I ain't got BC for that. Will was a player then you I bill will my soul nigga. I'm just saying that's so that that means something. So I guess you can't say the greatest of all time 'cause he is the greatest 'cause his team was the best and he killed like not saying MJ not cold mjs Definitely I know what you're saying bro.


But if you was building a player like the greatest player of all the time and I watch with my eyes skill, skillset or skillset, everything that come along with it. You probably ain't making Michael Jordan and you on 2K. You probably ain't making mj. Nah I don't think y'all niggas mj. Nah You like I want nigga that 16 with a burner, Kevin DUR handles can guard everybody or whatever it is. I'm probably make buy. Yeah if we just strictly basketball I'll probably make it bro. I ain't gonna lie. I'm gonna be kd. Yeah KD or LeBron. Yeah I'm gonna probably bill kd. That's crazy. Let's just cheat all the way Or now I might bill Wendy. Shit man it is getting so point where yeah niggas used to max out everything on NBA live all the way to the right and now it's a real person that win.


Yeah. Seven, five to shoot threes can handle that niggas NBA niggas are just good period though. 'cause he really be having some bad nights sometimes too. Yeah but his be like 19 to nine. Yeah but somebody would he be a struggle for him to like get to his spots and I'm like bro these niggas is cold bro they are creating havoc for this nigga. He's supposed to be the next goddamn well you might build Giannis. Mm I'm cool. Wow. Its quiet bro. Well no he ain't when you build a handle he can't do Nah I'm Bill kd. KD way better than Yiannis. I'm not saying he ain't but if you really go look at it is he really better than Giannis? Yeah I'm gonna bust your ass Me one bus KD ass too quiet. I'm nothing.


KD cannot go Giannis. You think Giannis can go kd? Kd okay so can go KD better than KD can go Giannis nigga early. Oh let's talk about it. Early Giannis. Early Giannis trying to do this shit up the court nigga ball. Oh you talking about, you talking about baby Giannis? He dribbling the ball and hitting the palm of his hand bro. You talking about Sham got him all day. I'm talking about prom. M-V-P-K-D versus MVP Giannis M-V-P-K-D bro. Shit one on one on one half court nigga you crazy. You crazy. Mm Just saying you crazy So you gotta, you gotta win a game between those two. Who you picking? If I gotta win a game one-on one court game KD I'm gonna pick skill.


Skill you I'm talking about if you just playing he too physically dominant bro. He likes Shaq bro. KD nigga, he literally just runs niggas over and dunk the ball bro. Y should be on some bullshit like James Hart interview. Yeah like I could run and dunk like that's what I'm saying, they playing one-on-one. KD got all the skill set that you want in the world bro. But Giannis the same height. Yeah jump just as high and he way stronger. Way stronger. So when Giannis get the ball he's going to go you better. Boom, boom, boom. You not, you better not fucking miss. Yeah he said he better get the ball first and I miss my soul. You better not miss nigga. KD is mixing mastering you bro. KY engineer nigga.


I I, I watched it when KD was in Brooklyn and KD I told you I thought that was the greatest player I ever seen. Yeah, yeah. And K, I'm I'm a hundred percent I think KD is called. Nah you speak high. I'm just saying half court is different. Court 1 0 1 game. No scream half court. Nah nigga y is just too physically short in NBA 1980 workouts when they used to make you niggas run up and down to get drafted one-on-one full court. Yeah gimme Giannis. That's what I'm talking about. A 1 0 1. A 1 0 1 full court. Gimme Giannis. I'm taking the African all day or whatever he is. I'm taking him but half court bro. You who? Bro. You know that's different bro.


See what I'm saying? KD is better. I'm talking about strictly one-on-one. KD nasty one-on-one. But what I'm saying KD is so cold 'cause he come off screens he get to play in, he can play in the pick and roll, he can do shit like that. You go under on a three he's firing it. Yeah, straight one on one check the ball at the top of the key Giannis too strong bro. Okay, I'll give you because, because K is slim. I give you this one. Yeah King can Giannis beat kg prime kg MVP kg in the 1 0 1. That'd be a hell of a game. That'd be. Nah 'cause kg just as strong as he gonna fuck him up bro. He just as strong bro. Yeah he is going to mix and master Giannis bro.


He he just as strong. That's why I'm saying Giannis wouldn't beat him like KD we know he slim Reaper like he just not physically strong enough to guard Giannis. Like I just don't see Giannis dribbling the ball. Like when you got Giannis and Katie the same height but they had Blake Griffin, Giannis, you know what I'm saying? Like yeah he just too physically strong bro. They the same height and weight. Courtney who? Kevin, Randy and Giannis. I'm sure Giannis is stronger but Yeah it it little totally different body did. It's totally different. It's a lot of girls nigga that weigh the same but nigga that's shit different. That shit fit different. You see how should always go back to women on this one? Yeah too physically strong for I know a couple 5, 4 1 70 fives ain't built the same if you play 5 4 75 ain't built the same bro.


If you play KD in a three on three game above KD gonna be better than Giannis in a three on three. It ain't, if you set a screen you go under KD can make the shot, you set a screen way both way off screen and he come off the pin down. KD can make any shot off the pin down, he can turn the corner, he can snatch, he can do all that shit. Giannis can't do that but if it's just straight one-on-one and nigga I get the the ball and I can just dribble how many times I want to and I can just run into you bruh. Night night it's gonna, it's night night. It's like when you like it's a bunch of niggas I could probably, I'm just stronger than but like they probably got way more skill than me like even like high school like yeah but nigga you hoop, you crafty though.


But I'm saying like high school kid, let's say we done seen some like Gilbert Arena son, he super tall crafty guy handles and shit. But if he just play somebody in college right now that's just strong ain't got none of that shit. He just gonna run him over, get to the basket, laid up, he can have all the moves he want. I'm just gonna run you over and lay that bitch up. Yeah until you catch up. Yeah like until you just strong because you had your yo nigga you lift waist like Ivan Johnson but you also have a Finesse game so that's different. But that's what, that's the thing Giannis, he don't have a finesse game. That's what people think like them fucking Euro steps and shit. Bro I that shit ain't easy. It ain't but when you got another nigga that's seven foot bro guard you, that shit is is not the same.


They do. They be having niggas that's seven foot guard. You I wish still see the NBA Allstar. That shit the layout is trash. But if they had the one-on-one shit bro that should be lit bro. It would be lit. Kyrie Urban should be lit bro. I want everybody to be able to grow Kyrie Irvin. Yeah he'll do niggas how KG did all them Olympian niggas. Yeah it is. Line 'em up for sure. All disrespect. That'd be a good battle though. I, I think KD is a overall better player but I'm just saying like from a physical standpoint, a one-on-one game, I'll take Giannis but I think KD is a better player to Giannis like skill. Skill player. Yeah. Damn. I'll fuck with that. Let's help a conversation with both of y'all for sure. Valid points. Damn. Two hall of Famers for sure. Listen man, we appreciate y'all. We're gonna get up out here.


We're gonna have some merch loading up soon man. We still got a little bit on there. Fire for sure. The new merch is gun smoke. Yeah, can't wait to share that with you also. Henny x.com You got the red license on there? Yeah man, I'm gonna be passing 'em out too man. Allstar weekend. So if you in San Fran, I'm gonna take a few pair, throw 'em in the crowd and shit. Oh my God. God. What's off for the Fed? We gonna get out here. Boom. The real booy trap make the rainbow shoelaces is crazy. We out y'all The Volume.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway this new Year. Make sure you take some time to take care of yourself and your family. Now through January 28th. Save up to 25% on all your favorite personal care essentials. Shop in store or online and stock up on all your favorite items like Treme, shampoo, ax deodorant, dove bar soap, dove men's body wash and Dove dry spray and save up to 25%. Offer ends January 28th. Restrictions apply, promotions may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just This overall sense of community of values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live.


Hey Janice Torres here and I'm Austin Hank. We're the host of Mind The Business Small Business Success stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit QuickBooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit, QuickBooks, Listen to Mind the Business, small Business Success stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order Now terms and conditions apply. See out for details.