
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. You would prefer to be peaceful with anybody. And if you really beefing, why don't y'all just sell it in the ring? That's my, that's my thing right now, man. I don't fight for free. Put your bag up. Let's get in that ring. Put that bag up and whoever Get the bag, get the bag. But we both can go home, Right? Well, you may be, you may be a little light on some bread, but you can go home. Right. And I ain't gotta, I ain't gonna talk about it. You going, I ain't finna embarrass. I already did that when I took your bread in the ring.


Right. Like with these young boys, Hey man, get in that ring. Put some bread up, get in that ring. Fighting for free is crazy. You had some loss early on. Yes. You lost a sister? Yes. How did that, what did that do to you mentally? Yeah. I, I wasn't, I wasn't ready and I, I wasn't, I wasn't prepared. Was She older or younger than you? Younger. Younger than you? Yeah. My baby sister. Yeah. I wasn't prepared at all. Have you been able to make peace with it?


I understand it, but I damn the pain of it. How did she, how did she pass? And she had meningococcus is what they called it. The pain of it bro, was very difficult. Like, it's still Jordan, can we get some tissue? No, We good. We good. How old was she?


Eight. How much older than you than she is? 10. 10 years. Okay. Love of my life. Love of my life. Like I have a, I have a tattoo on my, my body twice. I'm talking about, I didn't, I don't think I loved anybody like that until my children. Okay. This is the love I'm talking about the At 10, she's eight.


Lee, you really can't process death at this Time. No, I'm 10 years older than her. Oh, you're 10 years older, so you, aren't you fully aware of what's going on? Yes, I'm 18. 18. Okay. Okay. And you talking about this is the joy of my life, like it was to be a big brother. Wow. Man. I would stop whatever I was doing to go pick up from school, walk her home and talk to her. Just being there, just loving on her.


My older sister was, she was off in the Navy. Right. Man. Still to this day. You know, I love on my kids so hard because that loss, that loss and that's, it's just, But you suffered loss again. Your firstborn son, right? Yeah. Yep. That was some cold. That was some cold shitter. That was some cold. And I found out that he was, that he was dead. He was already buried and everything. Right. That was some cold, huh? That was some coldhearted shit, man.


What? Hold on, hold on. Time out Lee. Your firstborn? Yeah. Man, He passes. You don't find out that he's passed until he's already buried. Do you want me to tell you how I found out? Yes, please. This girl's on the phone with my boy G and she said something. I said, man, why you even talking to that bro? She say, nigga, what? I don't even like you. That's why your baby dead. What bro?


I said, what you just say? So I called. I said, yo, I For my son, quiet, buried, everything. Why did, did she say ever tell you why she didn't tell you that your child had passed and that he had passed? There was gonna be a funeral, there was gonna be a burial. Why didn't she share that information with you?


My homegirl Jarre talked to me maybe about five years ago. My son didn't even have to die if she would've called me. What Makes you say that? I coulda, I coulda paid the bread what he needed. But you trying to be on some prize and don't wanna call and let me know what's going on. What? So I've suffered some, some, some damaging losses that have shaped me to be a little cold hearted and actually soft hearted at the same time.


I love my children dearly, but I can't let nobody play with me. I, Because I understand. I understand how lost feel. Like, Hey man, don't bro gone man. Like bro, really gone bro. Like, I'm not really what you think I am, man. Gone bro. Just gone. So when people say things towards the dead, That bothers you hun?


Yeah. It it, yeah. That, that it bothers me. Even if you not a person that I care for like that. If somebody passed and somebody talk down on the dead, Make a joke outta situation and That ain't cool. You like your circle of friends? I, I see a couple of your, your guys here with you. Yeah. What have you learned about your circle of friends? What, what is it, what is it like, how do you determine who's in your circle? How do you determine who's your friend? How do you determine who you trust? They character. I look at they character.


I look how they are with they family. All them boys over there. Family, men, all of them. I'm somebody you talk about some, some brothers who love their family love. They kids love. They grandma love they aunts love. They uncles love they kids. Man. It's, it's so you got Dre over there right? I I trust him like, like I trust him. Trust him with my kids.


Yeah. You Know what I'm saying? I think that's the greatest honor you can have on a friend when you can trust them with your kids. Like, Hey, can you pick my kids up? Can you come watch my kids? I need to go outta town. Can you watch my kids? If You are friends with somebody and y'all kids are not friends, something is wrong with this whole situation. If I don't know your, I don't hang with no men that don't take care of his kids. You crazy. You don't take care of your kids. You can't be no friend of mine. How so? We ain't got the same, we ain't got the same agenda. Right.


I got somewhere, I got somewhere to go. I gotta go get in a, in a line. I gotta get, I gotta get that line and pick somebody up man. Right. You could trust Man Marcus' daughter. Charlie man. She come to the house, play with my girls. Man. Ain't nothing he know for facts. Man ain't gonna let nothing happen to Charlie. Drea have Hassan. I know for facts. He ain't gonna let nothing happen. I trust him with me. So why would I trust him with Hassan? Right. Rashad man, his boys man d delay.


He man man, he, we had a basketball game. His son Man, we run on this basketball court. The man hit one shot. We were on the basketball court games. Game is three minutes in. We on the court celebrating the referee like, Hey man, what, what y'all doing? Please stop. Come get this. Yeah. It's, it's, it's these man. I'm a, I'm around, I'm around men. Yeah. I don't have no boys in my circle. Yeah. It's, it is tough to acquire friends once you reach this level.


'cause I look at my friends like I judge my friends. I only really got two. I'm talking about friends. I'm talking about ride that we brothers, the only thing, we don't got the same blood. If the roles were reversed, they're in my position and I'm in theirs. They would treat me like I treat them. That's how I have to look at you. Ain't no jealousy amongst us. No nothing. If you talk about somebody, if I get something or they get something, it's, I lemme tell you something. I have a, I have a a nice car. We have a nice car.


I'm talking about. Ain't gonna talk about it like, lemme tell you something. When Marcus buy this lamb bikini truck. Yeah. It might as well be mine. 'cause I'm gonna be talking about it like it's mine. First of all, you don't nobody with no Lamborghini truck. But because it's, the thing is you can see it all day. Right. But my partner got it. I know somebody who has It. Right. It's different. Right. I don't care nothing about that man over there. Having that mother, I ain't got, I ain't got no Time for that. I don't know him. I Don't know him. I know, I know my homeboy because that, that's that and that's what you like, like my homeboy bucket be sending me, sending me articles. I say, are you a librarian? How you keep on clipping and sending me art Bro, you got a job. How you find all these articles?


He's invested Yes. In what you got going on Homeboy. You see this homeboy, you see that He keeping you up on it. I'm like, I ain't even know they did an article on me. He keeping you up on it as, as as he should. You read, I read what you say. You don't like working with money hungry people Can't do it. Why you not loyal? You loyal To the dollar. You loyal to the dollar. You a high gun. I can't mess with nobody. Who, who money hung. 'cause you'll sell me out for something. You'll sell me out for anything. Some bread just like I listen, I listen to unfortunately a lot of these cats that got bred. Now you selling out the community for the bread.


Whoever wanna sponsor you, you going with it. No matter how detrimental it's to the community, you going with it for the bread. No integrity about what you're doing. I can't mess with folks who don't have integrity about what they doing. Man. You know how hard it's to be an independent artist. Yeah. Yeah. My friends gotta keep me From, from saying a lot of things and then they'll give me the, the, my boy came and told me, he say, man, they'll never give you a reward. They'll never give you anything. They'll never give you the Grammy, they'll never give you the Emmy, they'll never give you any of these things.


I like why you keep saying that? Because they didn't make you. Mm. You an independent artist. One of the, one of the worst, one of the worst things people say to me is when you gonna get a Netflix special? Oh, I saw you on Netflix. No you did not. No you did not. Netflix had fined every excuse not to deal with me. They last one was because I put out my own stuff on a, on a regular basis. We want our artists to be, Hey man, just say you don't with me. And that's cool if you don't. Right. But don't be giving no bull jobs. Don't gimme no man. Just I'm a man. I'm a man.


Say what it is so I ain't gotta deal with you no more, man. How you be, how you get voted the number one special and don't win the Grammy. Wow. How that work? Yeah. How you get nominated, how you get on the Emmy list? I've been on the em list three times. They find every way to give somebody else that goddamn Emmy but me, You know what was, what was the, the Emmys so cold that they, that they nominated the Oscars and the Tonys for an Emmy award last year. So does the Oscars and the Tony need a fucking Emmy. Wow. Just to, just to not acknowledge Domino effect three. But why would you, so a independent artist wins a Emmy or wins a Grammy.


Now you turn the cycle of everybody else going independent. They don't need the industry no more. Right. I'm not in bed with nobody. I'm not in bed with nobody. I don't, I don't have to answer to nobody. Right. I can put out 30 specials today if I want to. Can't nobody tell me what to do. I'm my own man. And they, and they, and they actually fought you for being your own goddamn man. They stand against you for being your own man and society. Allow 'em to because you won't bring, you won't bring me up in the conversation.


I I, I had, I had a lot of respect for Lil Rel when he was on this show and you, he asked about the comics. You didn't know who I was. I did not. And I, and I and I and I and I knew you didn't when, 'cause after everybody else you made a comment. He said my name, you kept going. I said, he don't know me and no disrespect to it. I was like, he don't know me Then, then my man come on there Godfrey. Yeah. Mention me again. And he is like, damn, maybe I, maybe I need to look into, but guess what, it's millions of people. Why would You know me if you're not watching my stuff? Right. I'm not offended that you don't know me.


Now I gotta get you to know me. Right. It's just something else to work for. But when you don't acknowledge me and you already know me. Right. But then you try to give somebody else all this glory and you, man, come on man. Stop acting like you don't know who I am. Stop acting. Just stop pretending bro. That's what is How did you, how did you, how did you go from selling drugs? 'cause you got, you say you got jammed up at 19, four days after your 19th birthday. Is that when you got caught by the Fed? Yeah. Okay. They send you away for six years. Yeah. So now cut. Lemme That's how, that's how I stopped selling drugs. They Daddy called you.


The, The judge stopped said the judge stopped me. Man. He like, Hey no more. How do you go from being a street pharmacist getting called you? I, I don't know. You making good money. Oh yeah, Shannon. So you weren't gonna stop, huh? Shannon? If the judge had to stop you, were you gonna stop? Oh, Shannon, lemme tell you something. God knew what he was doing. The creative knew what he was doing. He, Hey man, I gotta stop this boy. 'cause this boy is Shannon. When people talk about getting money, You was getting money, Man. When you show up, when you show up to high school in a drop top blue jag. I had, I, I bought a, I bought a BMW.


Damn Frank Lucas. No, no. You trying to bring all that attention to you. What? Hey, hey brother. I'm saying this is, this is the Eight is baby. You, you need to have your dad need to be a doctor or a lawyer to justify That, Hey man, this the eighties folks was shining in the eighties. We was, we was glossy. Texas was glossy in the eighties. Not no high schooler. What you think? It was just me. So you Think, you think it was just me? So you Think, you think, well, nobody else. Memorial Day weekend is popping in Galveston. It's all of cars. It's All type of cars out there. And with young boys in it. We no tent at this time. No tent. Ain't no tent. I need you to, you Wanted I to see me? You wanted to be seen. Yeah. I'm flashy.


I'm already, I'm, I'm in, I'm in high school. I got to come to high school with the bread. I'm buying shrimp baskets for everybody. You gotta get this Shrimp basket. You know What I'm saying? This when you got That money, I, but the thing is man, we, I got, I got 84 grand and at my girlfriend house at one's and fives in a trash bag. I've been, I had already been getting money. Oh no. I lemme tell you something, Jack. I'm fresh, fresh. I'm talking about I, I'm, I'm talking about I get out, I get out in these streets.


I got 15 grand on me. That's what I'm, that's what I'm out in the streets with today. So if you walking around, so lemme so back in the day, if somebody calls ee walking the street and he has to have 15 grand on him, call the cops. Somebody just robbed him around the corner. Call the cops, man. Me and Herb is in this mall flossing. I got 30,000 in my, in my trunk in a, in a, in this box that people don't know that it's in there. I got a fresh 15 that I unwrap every day. It is. I'm out. I spend seven. I throw that seven in the drawer and to get another Fresh 15. Yeah, I, I got money out here.


Shannon The hell, Mel Chappo. Yeah. Yeah. Little L Chappo. Get it. You were El Chappo. Four El Chappo. Man. Chappo wasn't even riding then. He wasn't running the thing. Then it been to Pablo Escobar. Damn. Yeah. Man, man, man, I I, yeah. When you get brand like that Or you can, you can't stop. I wish That in Houston we wasn't getting that money. I wish we wasn't, but we were. I'm talking about all man. It wasn't just me. I'm the young, I'm the young boy on the totem pole. I'm the young boy. Right. Man. It's all type of bread right now. We just getting this. Shannon and I, and I and I, like I say, I don't glorify that.


See, see how you brought me into that. You see how you Brought me into? I you, you, I mean I, I I was chilling man. I press that man. You brought me into that sold off man. You brought me into that man. I was Chilling. I wasn't Even talking about drugs man. Okay, well tell about the side. Check that. Put that money on the books. Who? Kendra? She put 12 on the book. Oh my money. Put that money on. There Was a gangster. Man outta harm Clark. Yeah. Get a solid. Well you ain't good at it. You at the commissary. Your comment, your book was nice Man. I was good. I was good. I ain't want for no nothing down there. You eating chimps and I'm talking about, I'm talking soda bro.


Buying rhino boots. Everything. I'm down there getting it and I would fly down there. What Hell you need Rhino Boo for Man? Because you in there need Some boo making food sneakers. No, they, man, they, you had to, you had to buy some sneakers from somebody else. They didn't sell sneakers. Oh, okay. They, them little, them little terrible shoes they sold down there. But them rhinos. You, you would keep them boys fresh. Yeah. You would dye 'em some of them with dye. Yeah. With different colors. With the Eminem, with the color off the Eminem. Yeah. Oh yeah. We, we fresh. But the thing is your money, man, Shannon, lemme tell you something. Money, money go fast in prison. Does it Fast.


What it, bro, what can you buy you, I mean you can only buy stuff that's in at the commissary. How much stuff they charge you? $15 for a soda. Man, I'm eating, I'm eating canned steak. I'm, IM eating soup. I'm eating stew. You know, I mean how, How much? Okay. How often do you get to go to the commissary? Once a week. Okay. You go once a week. What you buying A case of soup, envelopes, toothpaste, nutty butter, peanut butter, sausage, cheese, soup, canned soup.


So How much, how much is macro? Macro. You can bust a steak. Oh. Jack, jack, jack mac. Man, that steak. Nah, if I your room I sell, I, You know you can't bring that. That's Melody rule. Man. Don't, don't do that man. That Jack Macker Don't do that man. You gotta make, you got, first of all, you gotta clean it. Right. You know what I'm saying? Man, big Brown used to drink the juice or that man Big Brown used to drink the Juice. Man. You know Jack Mac the more smell Jack. Man, listen man with the Jack Mac. You, you talking about a filling meal though because that man, you gotta put that soup now. Put that Jack Macker you got mix that up. Cheese chips, You know, suck man. Jalapenos. So how much, how much is your weekly commissary bill? 60. You can only bust a 60.


You gonna spend $60. You gonna have $60. But you so 360 1 22 4. Oh, you got 12 beds on the book. That shit last you forever. How Bro, you got 12 bands. I'm in the county first. Okay. I'm in the county first spending money in there. Then I go, I've been on six different units. I'm in there for six years. How you figure that You run outta all that money? Yeah man. Did she bring more? No, she was gone. She just brought my money. Oh. She just, it wasn't her money. She just my money now. The one who had the 84.


Yeah. 85. She didn't bring nothing. She kept all your bread. Every single dollar Of it. Well you didn't break off while you was out, did you? Yes, I did. Not at, I was taking care of that girl. That's why the money was at our house. So she she spent your money. Man, That girl went to college on my money. Where'd she go to school for? Maybe you should hire, you already paid for the education. That lady, man, my money I'm talking about had nothing. And when I got out she thought I was gonna kill her. But I was, I didn't want no money from my past dealings. Just that 84,000. I didn't want nothing. You Ain't want none of it.


Dirty money. So lemme ask you a question. Anybody that owed you money, you didn't go collect? Nope. Sure didn't. Mm, I was done with that. I, 'cause he saying that that's, that's gonna put me back in the game. Right. Man, I was really hell bent on being a better person. Wow. What's what's your, what was your favorite meal? If there's such a thing in, in, in the, in the can. What's your favorite meal? Like in life? No, when you was in there, because that is because you said you wanted to be the chef. So you got an opportunity to practice on a lot of bull drive because you mixing jack mackerel and soup and cheese and chip Them wasn't my recipes.


Them recipes was there when I got there. I'm, I'm, I'm Saying I'm following already the recipe. Like Oh, so this is Already a gift. Ain't no new, ain't no new recipes. You only have now my favorite thing ever to eat. We take the honey buns, take two honey buns. Well I love that truck driver. Steak truck driver. Ooh, Honey buns. Yeah. And the nutty buddies. Okay. Put them in between each other with peanut butter. And you, you bust that thing over and you warm, you warm it up. You had to wrap it up and warm it up in your toilet because you Yeah.


The hot 'cause you had a a, a steamer and you pour all that, that hot water in that toilet. It's wrapped up. But you kept your toilet clean. Yeah. Kept you toilet. Gotta be clean. And that boy get hot. And that, that that sugar and that peanut butter and that little chocolate that melted together. Yeah. I don't want that. You don't want that. Yeah. Yeah. You going Now you going to the toilet to do something else afterwards. But it, man, that was a good, that was a dessert. That was a good dessert. Yeah. I I'm just gonna go ahead eat the nutty buddies and the honey buns. I'm good. I don't need 'em together. I'm good. Why you don't need 'em together with peanut butter? No, I'm trying. That's too much. How you peanut butter and honey buns and Nutty Buddies? Yeah. You in prison. What else you got to do Shannon?


No, but that's too much. You Gotta get thick in there. I was a big boy in there. Big 1 65. Oh no. Ain't there? I'm 180 big boy. Yeah man, we play, You know we played football in there like the season when I was on Torres. Yeah. Yeah. I was green. We was on the Green Bay Packers. My, my block. Yeah. We beat y'all. Y'all beat bro. Y'all beat the Bronco. Yeah, they was building four. We we beat y'all. What y'all playing Tackle? Yes. Supposed to be Flag. Both be Flagg. What position you play in There? Receiver. But you couldn't catch. I never said I couldn't catch. You said I couldn't catch Man, I was neon Dion.


Come on now. Come On both sides of the ball then. Somebody got mad at me when I said that. If I were to start a team, who would I start with? I said Dion Sanders. Jerry Wright's my favorite player. Right. My favorite player but Dionne Sanders. Yeah. Problem, problem, problem. You never caught no balls on Dionne. Right. Prison terms. You say you hated those. Some of the prison terms, like child, child time, Child time. Can't, can't stand it to this day. Boss, any of that. You know why that, That's what they call the warden Boss. They called all officers boss, all that prison.


Oh. So that what he said that a lifetime on life where Eddie Murphy about boss. He ain't working. He ain't working Boss. He from New York City. That was their two boss. The New York cities. And, and that was, that was really a, a real account Right. Of prison. Really? They had a count time. I don't watch no show that the pick prison and they don't have a count time. I know you're lying. 'cause that's the, that's the thing that happens the most. It happens the most. We get counted the most. 'cause you get paid, they get the, the state get paid. So they gotta count you to see how many people there.


That's important. It's like cattle. Right? So when you don't have no count time, I'm like, oh, this, that's bull. And so when people, when people, this is how you'll understand what I was like in prison. Remember the scene. Okay. I'm ask you first who you thought was the most powerful person on life? Tiny. Nah. Oh, oh, you talking about okay Warden.


Nope. Remember when Eddie Murphy was getting beat up? Yeah. Somebody said that's enough. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the most powerful person. It's really like that in there, huh? Yeah, because people ask how I was. I that's who I was. I'm how You get that title? You just got in? I it take you a while to get There. Okay. You don't get there overnight. But once you get there, you understand on how you maneuver people. There wasn't nobody gonna bother me.


Hey, when you take care of everybody, why would somebody bother you? When you, once again, going back to how I am in my, my neighborhood, why would somebody do something to me in Houston? Right? Why would you do anything to me in the world? But why would you do something to me in Houston, I'm from the neighborhood. I'm a part of the neighborhood. I'm a part of the culture. So I to do something, to me that's crazy. That's killing the culture. Right? Muhammad Ali ain't walk around with no security. Do you think like when you walk around security, you bring attention to yourself?


Yes. And people feel like, oh he think Yeah, but if you not loved right. You gotta be loved Shannon man. And, and to be loved, you gotta show love. Right? You gotta be compassionate to people. Lemme ask you a question. The term Mexicans got on boot. What did that mean? What what you call 'em Ringo? The No man. The, the rhinos. Rhinos rhino boots them not the boots. Okay. The steel toe boots. The boots that's issued to you, right? Those state boots. Yeah. That's, see Mexicans don't wear those boots on the rec yard 'cause they going outside to play handball. Right. And lift weights and jogging. They don't wear those boots.


Okay. If you see them with those boots on the rec yard, Somebody go Down. Oh, it's going down. Mason got on boots.


Here's why April chose to vaccinate her child. I think actually meeting someone who was not vaccinated and now has a lifelong struggle with a childhood disease really cemented for me that it's super important that we as parents continue to vaccinate our children. Talk to your pediatrician or visit y vaccines.com. Brought to you by Merck.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Clorox and diva smells like lavender, cleans like Clorox and feels like, Hmm. All right. That could go on for a while. Experience the long lasting freshness of Clorox tiva available in Clorox. Tiva, lavender centered bleach uses directed.


They gonna stab up some people. Right? And they it's still in that, in the, to that boots. Oh yeah. They're steel toe boots out. Yeah. Yeah. They can build the Work boots. They kick they kicking your shin. Kicking your head if you go down. But they wanna kick in your shin so you can go down and then they can stab you up. And it's, it's terrible. It's a bad thing. But see, prison has changed a lot from what I understand. How they, they say they don't do, they don't do all that no more. You know what I'm saying? Down there. They don't have canned goods. They, they, they, and I don't know what they got going on. I've been to some facilities where I'm like, oh okay. This is not a deterrent from coming here. I think prison should be hard.


Yeah. So you can understand if you going down there to a work camp, you going down into Cadillac, what they call it. Right. Man, that ain't gonna stop you from doing what you doing. You, it needs to be a deterrent. It needs to be, it needs to, it needs to be horrifying. Yes. But but what about the people that says man, but when I get out, don't nobody want to give an excon a job. So what am I gonna do except go back to the life that led Me to man. That's, they, they, that's nonsense. Okay man, didn't nobody want to gimme no job. I didn't give a damn about that. I went and got a job. You gotta be, you gotta be determined as you were to do wrong. You gotta be that determined to do.


Right. That determined Right. Because when you out doing wrong, things happen. Right. But you keep going on with the wrong. My, I almost lost my eye still selling drugs. I almost got shot That, that when the dude punching. Yeah. Yeah. Behind two rocks. Two funky ass rocks. A crack head. Yeah. Stole on you. Yep. But he, he was, he was, he wasn't all the way cracked out. He still crack. Hadn't taken his strength yet. He kinda like Lawrence Taylor kinda like he kinda healthy. Yeah You got, hold on, you brought a pen knife with a rusty nail nail to chew bags of coffee.


But you got sliced during a riot. Did You know you were sliced? Yeah. Immediately. Like when you out, when you out there it is once again. That's why I don't understand taking off your shirt. I would never take off my shirt. You out. Well in the club. In the club, You know aint back in the day you had to take the club. First of all, you wanna see people like you yoked up. They're like, oh okay. I done made, I done made a mistake. Lemme tell you something Jim. If you take your shirt off on me, we in the club. Yeah. I'm like good easier for me to pop all this skin loose. 'cause your muscles is not a deterrent for me. 'cause I'm gonna tell you what, lemme tell you what? Your muscles can't stop this knife.


You got a knife up in the club. How you get that up in the club? Hey, Ask all them questions man. No man. Yeah man. I got man, I keep a knife, I keep man. Ooh man listen to me. You stick it For whatever to these, you remember on, on Friday you these but you live to see the phone. I ain't saying I got you. But if you got a crew of people, I got to stab up two or three of y'all. 'cause you playing. You want to gimme the fair one. I'll take the fat one all day. But I'm temp man Shannon most of the time.


And I'm somewhere. Okay. Like Dre, Dre got stabbed trying to get, trying to help somebody else not to get stabbed. Oh no I can't take that one now. Ain't no secret service. Yeah, that's their job. He playing. He Playing. Yeah. Dre get outta my way. He's stepping way he gets sliced. Mm. Now the person who I'm trying to stab up get away. 'cause now I got 10 of my partner. I done stabbed my partner on accident. You know what I'm saying? Because he jumped in. He done jumped in the way. He have jumped in the way. Yeah. But man, man, I'm, I'm, I still, I still keep a knife on me. Maybe I had to cuss some rope or something. I don't know. But what rope man something?


I You aint no carpenter. You handy man. Sometimes. What? Man, what if you, okay, what if I, what if I'm somewhere I run, I'm driving down the street. I say, oh, that goes Shannon. And I pulled over. He like, man, I'm trying to get my stuff out and I, I need this cut out. And I, I'm right there. If I don't got no nothing, I can't help you. Nah, Sean ain gonna call somebody, Hey, I need this brought to the house. You too much Money for My help. Can it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you had a But lemme ask you a question. Your root, your your cellmate, do you have to trust your cellmate? Hell yeah. But you had a Mexican cellmate, right? Yeah. That, that was, that was forced on me now. 'cause I'm not, I'm not really who I am yet, Shannon. I'm just not getting there.


Okay. Now, once I get, I get in the groove and I understand how things go, then I can make my move. Hey say say Ka. Hey man, I need to, need to get moved man. Or You know, need somebody in there black that I know. You know what I'm saying? Or you, you have a, I mean I had a white cell. Man. White do was man white do was my boy. That was my partner. You know what I'm saying? Now, white Dogg, he wasn't a part of nothing. He from Midland, Odessa or something like that. He wasn't a part of no Aren nation. He wasn't part of no gang. He was, he just, white dude is locked up. He short timer going home.


Oh man, he ain't never want no trouble man. Me and that man done drink many of coffee and what they call pretties, You know what I'm saying? Coffee with Kool-Aid and the peppermint. Well we ain't that man. We, man, we kicked it. So let's just say you in there, you got three years. You on, you on a different vibe than somebody. They got 15 to 50. See I got 15. I had 15. Right. You pull six. I'm on, I'm on the vibe of I'm never going home. I, because I don't know. Right. I'm on the vi I'm, I'm in there. Hey man, listen, But you also on the vibe. I'm, I'm, I'm I'm on. What you on? Hey, you gonna be peaceful. I'm gonna be peaceful. Yeah. You want some bull drive? I want some bull drive too. Yeah, Because this is what you, this is what you gotta, this is what you have to be.


You have to let people know what you saying. Do you have, do you have to fight when you go in Jail? Nah, you don't have to fight. So people just leave you alone. I don't think people understand. Everybody not being, everybody ain't messing with nobody. Right. It's too now you, some people come in there, do they time and they gone. Right. Depending on what unit you on. You don't wanna be on no rock and roll unit. That's what you don't want to be on. What? What's that? Where they fighting all day? Every like, people starting shit, bitch, you right. Just, just own one all the time. You don't wanna be on that Beto and Ferguson and McConnell. You know everybody trying to do they time. What they doing your time hard? Nah, I nobody wanna do that. You wanna go somewhere where man, people can see a future.


Right. Hey man, I'm going, I'm going home man. I got something to go home to. I got a mom, I got a dad, I got a brother sister. I got kids. Hey. And people get well. People getting visitation. Right. You don't wanna go nowhere where nobody getting no visits. Yeah. Ain't nobody Getting no visit. Ain't nobody looking at no pictures or nothing. Now What's the number one prison etiquette. What's the number one thing that you need to know when you Go in there? Respect. Respect on every level. Respect. Don't, don't let me, let me, lemme tell you something. This will get you killed right here. Hey Man, who moved my glass?


I moved it for what though? You, you saw my glasses right there. Right. What you move my glass for? I wanted to sit there. What the fuck you move my glass for though? They don't like that. Hell now. Hell now. Hey man, what you looking at Ab you can't look at What are you staring at me for? I'm just looking at you. For what though?


You ain't answering the motherfucking question. What the, are you staring at me for? Yes. Amen. Let me look over at your s again. You looking at me. I'ma get up man. Be on some bull drive though. I'm gonna get up. I'm gonna go to my cell. I'm gonna take off my socks. I'm gonna put that can of stink ass Jack Mack in that can, I'm gonna tie that ball and I'm gonna tie that in a knot. Yeah. And when I come down I'm going to put a crater inside your head For just looking at you. Hell yeah. Because I asked you what you looking at And you ain't explaining what you was looking at.


You sizing me up. You Think you going to take something from me? What, what? What's your, what's your deal? Oh man. Yeah. You finna get paralyzed boy. Yeah. You this, this where you finna be? Yeah. That's what's finna happen to you. Or you finna get life flight outta here? You must wanna go to Galveston Trauma Center. Wow. Because what is you looking at me for? Hey man people because That's the mentality. They think if you looking at 'em, you trying to size 'em up. But I asked you a question and all you had to do like, man, I I I've been asked that before. This is me.


Hey man, what you looking at boy? I ain't even looking at you. I'm in heavy thought. Oh man, I thought you were looking at me. Hell nah. I wasn't looking at you. I wasn't thinking about you. Nah, I wasn't looking at you glassing. That that that's me. I ain't looking at your ass. What man, it's all type of things that can get you messed up in there. Right. If you are disrespectful person, but you learn respect very fast. Right. Shannon? What you six two? Yeah.


By what? Two? Two 50. Two 50 Not a threat. And then walls not a threat. Easy work. And I know somebody would be like, how the hell easy work. So say you call you me and you into it, you get caught up to the third on this particular unit shower. This is what we gonna do this in the shower. They going to warn you don't let him get in that shower first Because you done stashed Something.


Huh? So now, Okay, I'm in the shower. The shower door pushes in. So in order to get out, you have to turn around and pull out. You are 6 2, 2 42 50. You in this box shower. When you pull your fist back, You hit This, you ain't got a no face. Right. I got this pin knife with this rusty nail on it. As soon as you in there, I'm, Eh, eh, eh, You in a mongos hole.


I'm eh, eh ah, Thought we doing it with theirs now. You trying to get outta here. Now you gotta turn around to get outta here. And I'm, I thought we was doing it with this though. You 6 2 2 50. You bothering me. I'm five seven, I'm scared. And When, when they come, when they come, You know I'm gonna say he tried to rape me. You don poor the family man. You gonna lie on me. I'm trying. He was trying to take me. Yeah.


Saying I got all type of alibis for this. He lying. You stabbed up. You can't say all that. He Lying. He lied. He lied. Hold on, take this. I I know this ain't true. You made your cell sit down to pee. Hell yeah. For what? I'm praying on the floor. Can't have no urine splashes on the floor. I'm praying on the floor. Your cell saying this is the thing. That prison made me understand this. Should the hood be dirty? No.


The hood is supposed to be this dirty place where all these criminals and, and all the, your community wherever you are in this world. Right. Your community, it should be clean, correct? For a mental state? Yes. Because prison is clean. Ain't no, ain't nobody staying with no dirty cell. The number one thing we do is clean. My toilet's clean, my floor is clean, my cell is clean. You ain't throwing no trash on the floor. That's in prison. So why wouldn't my neighborhood be clean? I I, I challenge anybody in this world. Hey man, adopt a block right in your neighborhood.


Adopt a block. You know what that consists of? You have to, you have to organize four cleanups a year. Give people t-shirts, fraternities and sororities and other organiz. Give people t-shirts and clean up the block and feed 'em lunch. Take care of the elderly. Don't let, don't let these have dilapidated houses. That's how you say that word in Dilapidated. Yep. In your neighborhood. Clean that up. Right. You should ca the same hood that you claim so much. You should want to clean it. Right.


That's all it take. Was it tough to take a shower for the first time because you in there like if you are a, an athlete, we know this. We go in there, we take shower and it's 20 guys in there and we all naked at a time. But the only thing is there, we there to play, play football game. A lot of those guys there, they're murderers and rapists and yada yada yada. So when you go to take a shower for the first time, what's going through your mind And what's crazy? Sha I'm a as to leave. Stop trying to stop trying to see. There you go. Sha So You know what I'm talking about. You keep, you keep I done shower, I done played basketball, football, baseball. We, I know how to go in the shower, but this is different. Everybody in the shower and you just, you shine you on, you on the team. I don't know these people. Yes. I'm not on they team. No. You know what I'm saying?


And you in there shower. Look at all promiscuous in the face. I you looking for some action. Ain't nobody looking for no action when you a athlete. No. Wasn't no athlete in there. Just look at this boy. Well you wasn't even looking at nobody. No. Just in there shy. You, You ain't, you tried to, you don't make eye contact. Well you make eye contact. You don. Hey you keep, when you talking to me, you looking buy Eye. Yeah. I'm right here with that's it right here. And I don't wanna, all of a sudden you go down. Ain't no shifting at all. No, no. Right here with it. You gotta get up outta that. Hey, Hey man, you i'ma, i'ma throw the play. We talking about the play. Yeah. You know what I'm saying and the rule. But man, we, this is what we talking about. But keep eye contact. Keep all eye contact and, and don't be getting close to me.


Yeah, you right now. These boys in here showering, scooting over next to you talking about, hey what you in here for? Killing motherfuckers who talk to me in the shower. That's what I in here for. I mean they, they really, they scoot over that. They really do that. Hey man, them boys was wild in there. Them boys was wild in there. There was some folks that was wild in their predatorial behavior. But nothing has to happen to you if you are willing to meet force with force. See sometimes people I don't wanna get in trouble. So you let people say things to you.


I remember this dude said something underlined slick to me. Mm. I met it with extreme force. Extreme. You ain't Let it slide. Oh no. Oh no. Extreme force. So that's why I understand in Hollywood people saying that people did certain things to them or said some things to them or tried them. Don't nobody ever do that to me because I, my, the energy I give off is it's going to be met with extreme Force. And I I was watching that the fall of Diddy and that man said that.


He said we come in to bring all the equipment in the sh in the, in the bathroom. I have been like, what dear? I was like, man don't y'all take that xylophone in that bathroom. What? Why? Hold on. Did it, why are we coming in the bathroom to, to, to make beats? Like I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm confused. Yeah. We, We both, it's like when I, I saw the man talking about he came to, they doing the, being a world did it whatever and he came down with a robe on open with no clothes on. I would've whooped the shit out Diddy. Yeah. If I came down and you got your meat out and we supposed to have a meeting.


Alright. You sure? You sure got, You know something. Everybody out here, everybody out here. 'cause I don't want y'all to see what's gonna happen to this boy. Right. You know what I'm saying? That you ain gonna come back in there. That Man, you can't fight no naked man. Shit. Oh no. I can't put clothes on. Kick your naked ass. No. Don put some clothes on. I ain't Finn to be. No, You gonna get your naked Ass kicked man. Go on and put some clothes on. Shit. You came down here naked. You get your ass Whooping. What you got on? Hey Shannon. Hey bro. Hey bro. Put your robe. Hey Shannon. If That man would've told me to come and do a beat in the bathroom while he taking a shot, the man I hear certain things and I it triggers you.


Huh? It, I can't even believe it. And like in Hollywood, I wish somebody would invite me to they private part. I wish somebody would say that in a meeting with me. I wish somebody would touch me. I have a hard time going in the clubs getting shook down. That's why I don't go. Right. You don't let the frat down, huh? Oh Shit. You talking about something that send me over the goddamn top. I'm on tour with Bill Bellamy. Right. And the lady there. And, and we in this club in Baltimore. We on the flyer. So why you shaking anybody down that's on this flyer?


We, we not rappers we not none of this. I don't even understand that. I don't understand nobody taking no gun to no club. So we getting ready to, to go into the club and I said the big, big e are they, they they shaking people down. They said, man, they and Big E know me. He like, man they just going to pat you down a little bit. And I said, nah bro. Nah, I ain't gonna be able to do it. But you, you gotta perform in the club. Nah, this is after party. Okay. After party. Okay, okay, okay. We get to the thing and, and I say, man, listen bro, I'm, I'm on the fly.


I ain't got nothing on me man. We still need to shake it down. I say bro, that don't, this don't really make no sense bro. Man we still need to shake down. So the bouncer's really adamant about patting me down. I said, man, nah, I'm cool man. We just gonna shake. I said Man, why you so hell pressed on touching me bro. Man I'm good. So I went and sat in the truck in front of the club and while I was sitting in the truck, because big boy, I, I really wanna see Big boy now. 'cause like he, he didn't trigger something to me. I'm like, yo, man, this gonna touch on me bro.


So people come and I said, Hey, the boy wanna moles you when you go in there. Oh Lord Have mercy. You start some bull drive. TSA. Yeah, I was about to ask you that. How you go through two essay. Oh man, it's, it's a, I got the pre-check when you supposed to just walk through. Man, when they That thing go off, When that thing go and they anytime like you got something in your head and you got so, man, I ain't got nothing on me man. And it's, it's so I really, But sometimes they do do be doing too much man. I, because see I got artificial hips so it's always gonna go off. I don't, I don't even try to go through the thing.


I go through the, I go through the radiation a going and get me And that's when they, that's when they flag me talking about you got something in your private area, you got something. And like, man, what are you talking about man? And I really have to get myself together. Like I really like, it's a thing. I really have to get myself together. It's bad. What about sleeping? Could you get a rest? Did you, could you get a peaceful night's sleep? Where? In prison? Yeah. Yes. Huh? Yes. You get sleep. You, you, What else you going to do?


Yeah, you gotta go to work tomorrow. That ain't gonna work. You gotta, you gotta, Hey man, you gotta go to sleep. I, a lot of times I, I didn't have no selling. Oh really? Yeah. I ain't had no selling. Why you done ran 'em all off? Some of 'em I did. Like I wouldn't, I really wasn't with that. I, and I have a problem with this now. I can't listen to nobody pee. Just the, the missed sound of it pisses me Off. I finally got somebody with me. That's how I am. If I go to the bathroom, I turn the water on. I do that. I don't want, I don't want you to hear me and I close the bathroom door. I don't wanna hear you. I'm talking about People think I'm crazy.


I don't care what they think. I turned that water on to this day. Yes. I got. I can't. Ah ha ha. I'm talking about it sends me, I See everybody's man. Man, you doing too much. You ain't gonna ever get mad. Man. Me, they, I want some, my girl could go to the bathroom and leave the door open. We having a cup now doing too much. My, my My, my the ladies in my family never did that. Like I, they never even, like I knew that they probably did number two. Yeah, but you never smelt it, dealt with it. None of that. They, they was ladies, You know they, that's What I'm saying. Ain't nobody passing no gas. The women didn't pass gas when I would. Oh, they didn't pass no bad. See, See you. They They women had a lot of class about they self.


If you a lady with them claws, claws and long nails, you look like a bunch of bacteria infection to me because that mean you can't clean yourself. Right. Yeah. Like you ah, you just like, I'm not a weave person. I'm not a eyelash person. Right. I'm not, nothing that God didn't give you and I can't do it. Can't do it. It ain't, it ain't it ain't it ain't fair. And I meant to ask you that. 'cause you keep doing it. You like my, my my in penitentiary. You know you got, you got some penitentiary stuff going on with you. You know that, that wave it to the side. Yeah. Dip. That's the first place I ever seen it wave to the side. Yeah. And I, I tried to do it when I had hair, You know what I'm saying?


My, my waves was going to the side. Can You grow hair? Yes, I can grow hair. You Just trade. So I just, yeah. I, I look better like this because during the pandemic, I looked like Samuel Jackson when he was on, I time to kill It. It man, Man, Man, it, it thin right here. But it grow. Right. But it, it doesn First of all, I don't like to this grow faster right. Than this. Yeah. And So it take me, so what'll happen is I grow it, then I cut this down to where this is. Yeah. So then it'll start growing together and, and now I look all right, but man, if it, if I just let it just go Do its own thing. Oh man, it, it, it's, it's a piece right here that just don't, just don't work man.


You had beef with the guards. You say the script searching and, and one you had, I forget your name, told me his name earlier that you, Mitchell. Mitchell, You had a problem because he make you run your, your hand through your, your ball. I Mean, man, I, my hair just like that. That man say run your fingers through your hair Mitchell. You're doing a lot dog. How does, how does, how does he even look? It, it's the, it's that You thought he was effing with you, didn't you? Yeah, for sure. For sure. This man, he was doing this because I was a person that he felt like got away with too much. Why? I wasn't a threat to nobody, man.


I moved very freely. I worked in the front office, man. Right. I'm not doing nothing. And I ain't bothering you. I ain't bothering him. He So what you worried about it for? He chose to want to be like that. He wanted to ride you. Yep. So you knew early on you was gonna have a problem with him, didn't you? I really didn't know until that day. That was, that was like I, Your first interaction really Because he never really worked our building. Okay. That happened when I, when I was on eighth building. Right. You know what I'm saying? I came off of seven buildings. Right. And man, some officers just be on, on some nonsense.


Sometimes they just do Dating in prison. You have pen pal. I have my, you Ain't anybody say you no pictures Man. My friends would send me pictures but they wasn't, that was very ear early on in the county. Man, once you go to prison, you on different farms. Okay. You know, sometimes you on different forms. My mom would write me, my sister would write me. But it is no, you Ain't getting no visitation. Yeah. For my mom. Your girl, you have no girlfriend Man. And girls didn't come see you like that. And they did blow you. You was breaking 'em off, You know, buying 'em stuff. Hey, hey Shannon. Stop trying to pour, pour salt in the wounds, brother.


I'm just curious. No, You pour salt in the wounds, bro. Man, I told you the lady didn't send me none. None of my money. Okay. Okay. She, no, I mean, I can understand her not sending no money, but, You know, Hey, Who traveling 800 miles or 400 miles to see, to see you if you not with them like that mean some of these boys Were y'all with, were you, were you with her when you went in? Yeah, I was with everybody when I went in. Did they know about each other? No, man, I'm in these streets, man. And so them girls ain't them. Young girls ain't coming to see you, Shannon. I'm, I'm, I'm basically a kid. These girls ain't got no loyalty like that to me, man. I used to. How did that make you feel though, after you had done so much for them?


When you think when you probably needed them the most, they abandoned you. I didn't even think about it. I, I really, once I'm in, I cut off like the world. I think the main thing was because my grandmother would take me to go see my uncle Mac and my uncle Alfred and she would go down to visit. And I never wanted that. Like, I don't want you to come See me. You don't want your, you didn't want your grandma to see you Locked up. It's just like, I remember my mom, my mom has a picture of the time that she came to see me at Torres.


I remember looking just like my uncles. I got on white. I'm so black from working outside and being there just, and I looked terrible and I, like, I hated that. My mom came to visit me three times and I hated it. And I waited till she, till I got close to where she didn't have to drive that that far. She can't see me when I was in Baytown. She can't see me. When I was in Torres, right outside of, in Hondu, Texas, right outside of San Antonio. I didn't want my mama to, to go through that. Like seeing her son locked up and she said the times that she did, she cried all the way back home because you gotta come see me for an hour, then you got to go.


Is this, was this a situation where like when you're sitting in there, you're like, once I do this, I ain't coming back. Yeah. I knew I wasn't coming back. I knew saying I wasn't coming back. That I, that's why I didn't behave in a certain way. Most of the, my violent stuff happened in the first two years. Right. Then I'm, I'm chilling until something comes up. Something comes your way. I got to Yeah, You got, you got to have say, You know, something that's inevitable that you can't really stop. Right. You know, so you gotta, you gotta do that. But I'm really chilling and I'm, I'm going to school.


I'm doing all the stuff. I'm going to cognitive intervention. You know, I'm, I'm pooling people to man, I'm, I'm really chilling. Right. Unless something comes up. But, 'cause you really trying to acclimate yourself to what you going to be like in the world. 'cause that's when the really work starts. Everything that you say that you about, you have to start doing it once you get out. Right. So my work ethic and how I was doing things the same when I was inside. It was same when I was selling drugs. I'm really focused on what I said I was going to be. I said I was gonna get out, I was going to start doing comedy and that and with, with no plan, like I don't have no plan. I don't know how this how You know. Yeah. How did you come to, how did you, okay, you wanted to be a chef and now you in you inside and you say, when I get I'm gonna do comedy.


How the hell, how did you, how do you go from a chef to a comic Man? It's crazy that I didn't want to be unhappy in there. Okay. So that's when you started working on your stuff in there? Actually, I was just being, I was being the regular kid on the back of the bus. Okay. Jones and Yep. Just talking like Shannon. Oh man, it was dudes in there. All type of dudes big like you and I come up, they walk in, I'm like, look guy big boy, You know the NFL Come on today. Don't be in here pressed. 'cause you ain't making to the league. They, man, go on on that shit, Lee. I said, man, I I I'm just saying.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Because that could have been you, that Could have been you. You know what I'm saying? You, you out, you mean look at you said, man, I tall you, come on now, bro. If I was your height, You know what I'm saying, I'd have been in the league. Right. You know what I'm saying? I would say things to people that make them think about, and I said it really Jovi, You know, being jovial. And once I learned that I could make people, they better just me being me saying what I come and say,


Here's why April chose to vaccinate her child. I think actually meeting someone who was not vaccinated and now has a lifelong struggle with a childhood disease really cemented for me that it's super important that we as parents continue to vaccinate our children. Talk to your pediatrician or visit y vaccines.com. Brought to you by Merck.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Clorox Tiva smells like grapefruit, cleans like Clorox and feels like, yay. Okay, we could be here all day. Try Clorox tiva for a trusted clean with long lasting freshness. Also available in lavender and coconut uses directed


Like I, they knew I hated the Cowboys. I would wake up and this and this was the nineties Cowboys was winning. Yeah. And I'm in there taking it like a champ though. I'm like, ah, Damn. What? Yeah you got, but I hated them cowboys. You know what I'm saying? I, I remember when the rockets, I'm, I'm going for them Knicks. The Rockets beat the Knicks and the whole unit is against me. It's like three people going for the Knicks and they couldn't wait for me to walk into that cafeteria. When the knick, when they, when the rockets knock the Knicks off. I'm, I'm like, ah, this what we doing. Elijah ain't gonna send none of y'all no money.


I'm saying now you got here to wear her. I got, I got here with her in here with your locked up ass. But I'm just, just being a normal kid just because I'm still a Kid. Were, lemme ask you this. Were you a class clown when you were in elementary school, junior high school? Did You know you had this ability to make people laugh? That's kind of tough to say. Class clown. I was jovial. Right. But I was too shy to be the main right person. You know, I, I'm, I've always been a slickster. Right. Like I'm, I'm, I'm a slick talk. Right. And that's my thing. I I grew up on the back of that bus.


Right. You know you can't be on the back of the bus unless you got something fly to say. For sure. You know what I'm saying? And I'm going to talk about you and 'cause people talking about me man, Shannon. But you gotta have tough skin. Right. And this man used to call me binoculars 'cause my eyes were so big, You know what I'm saying? But it never really got to me 'cause my uncles had already said these type of things and my uncle Mac came in. He said, Hey man, my guy nephew, I'm about to run down to Oklahoma real quick. I need you to look towards Oklahoma and tell me what that traffic looked like.


Man. What are you saying to me babe? I am seven. Right. I like, he's A tough skin. A lot of times people get into, I have a lot of comedians. I had Bruce, Bruce, I had LaBelle Crawford on and a lot of times people become funny. They become comics because I did. I had a lisp. And so to keep people from bagging on me, I would get on somebody else. Yeah. So I got on them and they forget that I had a lisp or I had on something raggedy. So now they laughing at them. So that was my whole thing with the misery. I gotta get you up off me. Oh z you got that list. And I wish, I wish I was on the back of that bus and you trying and you trying to say something like, hey, I'll cook you don't even trip.


Cool. Your rap gonna stop in a minute. I cook you or I to cook you off. I got you on the bus. No you ain't no way you to cook me. Yeah, you too dog to cook me Bro. You leave finger pri on charcoal A five three dude with a oh you no way you would get me. Amen. Stand in. I say, hey man stand. He said he got something stuck in his teeth and some I know I got you. Oh, I got you. Oh man, you wouldn't have gotten me. That's terrible That them, them them stock them stock jokes. I'd got you. I got you them stock jokes. But you gotta realize back then it wasn't stock. They done came back now. But you gotta realize back when in the seventies being you Man. Man I woulda came. IA came in there bru.


You would've got eight up. No, no. You know I was like, hey you got a raggedy clothes on too. I had no raggedy clothes too. Your clothes Shannon, you just got a bathroom? Yeah, it inside bedroom 85. But you didn't know that. And actually, actually it was 88. It was 88. Yeah. But you didn't know that. Didn't know that your brother, you had your brother. I said, come on Hershey twins. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you didn't know that. See all the stuff that we had going on? Didn't nobody know that but our family. But everybody's family was in the same situation You had. If y'all bathrooms outside, your clothes wasn't that fly. I would've got you. Yeah. I have came in there hummed on you. They why ain't No nice clothes either, But they was better than yours. Nah, nah, nah.


I, I'm one step up above you Shannon. Like Okay, what you had on your shirt. At least I knew what was on my shirt. What you had on your shirt. Just a shirt. Yeah. It was, You know, back then seriously rolled up. That was the thing. Jc you And them JC Finn clothes, I Tell you up. Tough Skins. You know I had 'em. Tough skin. I already know you had Yeah, Huskies man, first of all let, you would've came in with some black jeans on. Oh hell no. Shannon in here Naked. We ain't have no black. But You know, back then when we come in seven, ain't nobody wear black jeans. You Wore Huskies though. Yeah, Of course. Yeah. You had on Huskies. Yo you had Husky Side jeans. Yeah, I was, I was little. You was husky. But here's the thing though, I was small too as a kid. I have came in that beatboxing.


I'm like, come on. I'm like, come on man. You know, you're a part of the group Fat boy. That's Okay. I I, I, I wasn't fat but I, You know, I was muscular. I worked, I was on farm, You know, so I had Oh, You had that country strength? Yeah. Yeah. You know, y'all different. Y'all done. Boy, lemme tell you something. I got cousins that's from the real country. We had hogs and chickens. Yeah. Like my cousins, They bell hay lift watermelons, cliff Onions just, just strong for no reason. How did you get on Comedy Central? Because I'm, I'm an, I'm an, I'm anxious to see how this comedy thing came to, to where we are right now. So when did it start and then how did you just like, or did it seem like it would've blurred you like, man we had to grind and I don't know how, how fast this was.


Okay. I got out of prison October 21st, 1997. Right. 99. I'm on the first. I'm on Comic View right by 99. Wow. Damn. Yeah. You are moving fast. Yeah. So it comes out in 2000. This is the first year that they paid a thousand dollars. So I had been on tv. If people go back and look, I've been on TV every two years. I've been on TV since I started. So why is it people just feel like you just got, you just, I mean it seemed like you just blew up like yesterday because They crazy because when you only watching certain people.


So I'm the season finale on Def Jam in 2008. I know, I understand this 'cause it was a big day for me. 'cause this is the same season finale for The Wire. You know what I'm saying? Yes. I'm on Comic View three times. Damn. And you can't go in there with the same material. So I'm doing different material. Right. You know what I'm saying? Because I had a bunch of, bunch of stuff. So Comic View, three seasons. I'm on Def Jam in 2008. I'm on Bounce tv, I'm in all type of videos from Mike Jones to Juvenile.


I'm in all type of stuff. Right. Just going through the process of becoming what I am now. Right. So 2013, what you mentioned, I'm the comic to watch Raymond, the, the GM of the improv asked me to get in this Comedy Central competition. Okay. I get in the competition. I don't even care if I win or lose. I don't care. 'cause I've been cheated in competitions before. Right. So I'm like, I was on on who's got jokes. Yeah. Now I get on comedy, I win that competition. Wow.


Right. So on Comedy Central, they trying to, Adam Dev Divine has a show they want me to go on Adam Devine show. I say, nah, I don't, that's not really my thing. Right. And then Chase de Russo tells me about this show. R Shafi has a show. This is not happening. And I said, I looked at it online and it is a storytelling show. Okay. I go on there and do the, the story Mexican got on Boots, the prison ride. Right. I'm on that three times with Mitchell. The mushroom story, the big stories.


Big views. Right. Then I go on bring the fun. No. Then I get a a a half hour special. Yep. Comedy Central get the half hour. Then after, after everybody got the half hour, they give me a full hour. 8 20, 20 18. My dad died right before my special come out. February 14th. He passed special. Come out on the 23rd. Okay. If people, look, I've been grinding seven for a long time. Correct. I'm going to bring the funny, just go, I'm, I'm on tour with DL for four years.


I'm on tour with Bill Bellamy for four years. I'm steady doing things on tv. I'm on bouncy, I'm on every network because people are watching only certain things. There's no place for somebody who's not a buffoon or saying untrue stuff. So I'm, I'm just constantly grinding. Right. And staying in line. BR Burns told me, Hey man, as long as you stay in line, you'll get your chance. Just never get outta line. Right. And I never did. What do you learn from each step?


Each step in the process? What have you learned To be true to yourself and not have all this embarrassment that comes in the game? I, I, I didn't, I don't look at what other people are doing and judge myself. Right. That's why I have, I don't understand, oh, I, I need to do something 'cause somebody else on the internet doing it. I don't understand that. You know, like my, my specialist going to come out on Mother's Day. My two sons, I'm, I do everything the way that I see fit.


Okay. And when you do that, sometimes it's not gonna be liked. But am I here for everybody to like how I'm moving? Right. I'm not moving like everybody else. I don't tend to business like everybody else's. Like I have a different ethic to everything. Right. And some of it is based on I'm not gonna compromise the integrity of me, the fabric of me to fit into any room. Okay. I'm gonna come into the room as I am.


And that's the, and that's the only way that I can actually survive if I'm being my authentic self. So that's the, that's the difference between me and a lot of a lot of people. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not trying to fit in. Lemme ask you a question. Like when you go on these shows, these network shows that kind of different, would you say the audience is different than when you go to a comedy club? Oh, 100%. So it's, it's, it's it, so to get someone to laugh on network television as opposed to a comedy club and it seems like to me, and I, like I said, I've never performed, but it just, it does seem like it's a totally different audience.


I times them audiences are paid. Really? Yeah. So a paid audience or you look into the audience and there's other comedians in there. There's other people that trying to get FaceTime. There's other actors. And now paid audience is the worst man. You, they just be sitting there because they just on the clock. Right. I didn't know that. Yeah. Some of these audiences are paid. Damn. That's why I shoot everything live. Really? Yeah. All my albums. You this thing, I have been having albums on XM radio since 2011. Actually 2009. I got what? Nine albums?


I got nine albums, seven specials. All I got. All type of, all type of stuff. When you do, when you do Comic view, you do bring the funny, you do these other comic Comedy Central, you get paid for those. Yes. Good money. Yes. Okay. But you don't own it. They Own it. They own it. But everything that I produce I own. Right. So is that you only produce your stuff now? I produce Marcus's special marriage is major surgery. Marcus d Wiley put it on my YouTube page and it's, it, it is not mine.


It's, it's for me to give back to him. And that's what I'm gonna do for a lot of comics that I like. Because if you don't want somebody to own your stuff, rock with me. Once I recoup my bread, you have it to, to pay for somebody else's stuff. You have your special bag. But see that what, what they do, what the network does is put all this money, like it's a special that I did for Comedy Central. Like I never owned that half hour or that bigger than these bars. Man. They what? It's, they, they inflate the prices of what they spent.


So how I'ma ever, how, how I'ma ever get it back. And I tried to buy it back from 'em. And, and they, they put it out on YouTube after the success of Domino Effect. Crazy. So I never get that back. Who was the first comedian to put you on? Man? On? Like what? To give you your break that, that brought you on tour with them. Lavee, Lavelle Crawford. That was the first person that I did a show with outside of Houston. Right.


Lavee. And then after that dl. DL was a, DL was a real turning point though. That was a real turning point to have a, a friend and a mentor like that that you can call. That was a real, that's a real thing. Then Bill Bellamy. But DL DL was a turning point. He taught me a lot of class. Yeah. 'cause I'm looking at dl, Cheryl Underwood, Dick Gregory, Chris Tucker, Lavelle Crawford, bill Bellamy. Bill Burr Earthquake said Eddie Griffin, j Anthony Brown, Bruce, Bruce, Mike ELs, Ricky smiling Kevin Hart. Now some of the advice that these comedians have given you, I think Cheryl Underwood told you, you need to cut your hair. Yep.


Ricky Smiley told you to wear a suit. Yep. Dick Gregory said Hollywood isn't going to be a place for you. He did. Ain't that song. He, he saw it early. How have you been able to carve out your own path? Find your own niche. Stay true to who you are. 'cause a lot of times if you're trying to get the bag and if there's a way I could get the bag and not, You know, like maybe I have to tell a different style of joke. Maybe I have to be different than what I originally planned to be. But I'm really trying to get at that bag. How have you been able to stay true to Ollie? I'm not about the bag.


That bag don't impress you. Nah. See when you, not about the bag. If you doing everything for money. That's how I ended up in prison. I learned the lesson. For real. Wow. I'm not sacrificing any integrity, anything to get a bag. Am not because I already know what that feel like to only run after the bag. 'cause that's what I was doing when I was selling dope. Just running after the bag to hell with everybody else.


To hell with the honor of my family, to hell with the integrity of my neighborhood, the hell with me, with hell with my education, any of that. I'm out there chasing a bag to get What? Another car, a house, all of that nonsense. For what? Man? I, it's like I have to take the advice of the elders when they give it to you. That's what my, my book is about applied advice. Okay. This man told me one day, and I, and I took this to heart.


He said, young brother, you cannot be all the way about money and material things. You got to have some type of integrity about yourself because of this. I've never seen a U-Haul following a hearse stuck with me. Have you ever talked to Chappelle? Chappelle is one of the great storytellers. I mean, he can, I mean, and it seemed, I mean, I'm listening, you listening to him talk and he's telling the story. You feel like you're there. What? And and, and like he walked away from 50 mill. You cool with Chappelle or you, you making a face?


What's going on? Yeah, we, We good. We we've had conversations. Some issues. No, we had, y'all had some difference of opinions? No. Okay. No. None of that. We, we cool. I applaud David Banner for being a man of his word. If you tell me something, you got to keep that. Okay. Because if I tell you something, I'm going to keep that right.


Okay. Don't offer me, I don't need you to offer me no nonsense. Especially when I'm not asking for it. Right. I get alarms to that brother and that is where I leave that at. Okay. Jokes. Where are you on jokes? Stealing. Because that seemed to be a, a point of contention. And amongst comedians Stop telling the same jokes as everybody. Stop saying stop being so predictable. I I I think sometimes people don't even steal. Yeah. You stealing a joke and I I had to be put in the, in the realm of like what, what is like, gimme an example of a joke stealing.


Well the most famous one, obviously Kat said he told a joke about a spaceship and he said took that joke and made it about a Cadillac. He told a joke. I think he's told it on comic view. I think he told it on comic view. Okay. Give you an example. Okay. Kat's joke was about your car being so raggedy that you didn't know that it cut off. You got your music up loud, your car didn't go right.


Right. Cedric's joke is about black people being able to drive anything. Even a spaceship. Two different things. If I play it without no sound, then you could probably say that. But if you listen to what is being said, right? It's two different things. One is a raggedy car, one is a spaceship spaceship. Now I said to myself when I heard it that black people want to hear something bad about people so bad that they just willing to go with anything.


Say it. One of the most beloved people. Beloved, what did he steal? The how else can you drive something? Right? If that's the case, if this is what we are stealing, then both of them stole it from Ms. Ms. Laura off death jam. Because That was the first person I seen driving in the car. Right. Took a wig off. I don't think that was fair. I didn't think that was fair. I thought that, I thought that was, I thought that was really in poor taste for the simple fact of if you doing an impersonation, you stealing you, you still, if you doing an impersonation, if you do a quote from a movie you stealing.


Well it's funny that you say that. I've heard read that you and Ka have kind of had some going back and forth. He's, I don't know how it happened. I Think you said that you supposed to perform on one of his shows under the card or something. That didn't happen. So you give us the backdrop of what happened. I wanted to hear you tell what? I don't think there's, I don't know if there's anything going on now. Maybe you and here made peace. Y'all got on the phone, jumped on a call or something. But what transpired that you were supposed to like, was it Shreveport? Was it someplace in Louisiana that you were supposed to be on the show or Texas. So what really, what really happened to you?


It's been some years. So the best of your esti to your best of your guesstimation. I, I, I'm well aware of what happened. I had been on the show. Okay. It was two days. I performed the first day. Okay. I had already performed the second day. I went outside to get my friend ghetto and then they wouldn't let me back. In saying that Kat didn't want you back in the building. I'd already performed both days.


So I didn't understand the, he didn't, whatever his response was to it, I didn't understand that part of it. But I never knew why he was upset about whatever, whatever the situation. I never knew what happened. So me and you hanging out at a party, right? You at my house. You go outside to your car, right? You come back, come back in from the car? Yeah. And it's two people at the door saying, Ali don't want you back in his house.


Man, I just left. I was just in the House. He said he don't want you back in his house, Bro. What's going on bro? Get Off my lawn before you go to jail because I'm about to call police. I don't want you back in my house. But I was just in your house. I aint nigga you heard About that. I just went to the car to get a cigarette. I Don't want you to get back in my house. Get your ass outta here. Get Dek cab pay you for two days that you performed. I ain't even cash the check. He didn't pay you? Yeah, he paid me. I didn't cash the check. That's how mad I was. I told that shit up. Well that's on you now. I I ain't say that. I didn't say who wasn't about to payment. I'm sitting. Okay.


Once Again you were just in my house. Yeah. Drinking, having a good time. You left your bottle of liquor in there. I done put your out. I didn't really put you out. You went outside to get a cigarette. I ain't let you back in the next time you see me. Do you wanna know what happened or you just cool with just How it played out? How It played out. So the next time you see Kat, did you have a conversation at Kat bro? What went on? What, what happened? Why would I not allowed to get back in the building? We've never had the conversation. It's never been an explanation. Have y'all not been in the same place, the same city at the same time since then?


Oh, we have been in the same city. We have been in the same city. Would you like to have a conversation? Oh, I I Shannon. Nah, but see you on some bull. I said I can tell we die die. You on some bull? No, Come on. Nah, what I'm saying is this. What? Who you saying? What I'm saying is this? That would've been possible before you lied on me after that. Trying to make it seem like I was some small person. So what did he say On Willie d podcast? He said all this like, I was trying to get on the show and he paid me for nothing.


And he the king and all this other bull jive. Realistically Shannon, it's not even worth my time. Realistically it's not worth my time. 'cause like, like my boy told me, Hey man, we ain't gonna give you no points for doing nothing to Kat. He ain't even, he ain't even in the same league with you. I only spoke up when it was being, when the, when the challenges was being issued to everybody. Especially Kevin for all this. I play basketball, which I rap against you. I box against you. I started celebrity boxing.


Then when he said that, I said started celebrity boxing. I was like, wait a minute. You ain't up. You, you got you, you, you box before. So It don't work like that. Willie d and Melody mail had a boxing match. Celebrity boxing match. Neither one of them had boxed before. Before. That's not true. That's Not true. So Well I'm gonna get you and ka together and have a conversation. I'm gonna be there. I don't trust you. You be on some bull drive and, And You know, zone and, and, and because you said it just like that.


I, and I agree with you. I agree with you. Yeah. And I shouldn't be trusted. Yeah, no. Because I know if you own some unmanly with me, I'm gonna sock your ass. Nah, we ain't gonna do That because, but, but I wanna, I wanna be, I wanna be Peaceful. Yeah, we gonna be peaceful. I do. Yeah. We're gonna be peaceful. IIII would love to be peace. I Shannon, listen, listen, I, I I promise I'll look. You not man to man. I promise. Yeah. Because this is something that I would per prefer to put all the way behind me. Yes. But I know me, I know me. I'm not going to let the ride.


Yeah. We gonna make Emmett Till happened because somebody lied on me. Right. So with just like with Quincy, that man who hit me in my eye, I've attacked this man. Every time I've ever seen him, I've attacked him. Damn man, that been 30 years ago. I wouldn't give a damn. I still see double out my eye. My eye. 'cause it decided to hit me for no reason. Last time I saw that man, he was on a walker in, in Walmart and I was with my mama. I told my mama, go to the car. What kind of bull drive you on? Man? You ain't supposed to have do, do that to old people. You ain't supposed to do that to young people.


You gonna have good luck. You said what? You gonna Have good luck. You gonna have good luck. You trying to soften my heart without Yeah. That what, that what he say? Yeah. I, I'm, I'm gonna say this. I really don't have, like, the man is talented. I don't got no, no problem with the talent. It's we're talking about cat, right? Yeah. Talking About cat. No problem with his talent. No problem with his accomplishments. You just can't be on some, when you talk, when you dealing with men, you gotta be a man and whatever the problem was that night, that day, you coulda, you coulda came to, said something to me. Right. But then to go forward and then talk down, like man, like I'm some small guy in, in this business.


Okay. If that's how you feel. But I don't think that you can do anything that I can't do. I can be on private jets and I gotta, I can have an entourage. I, I've been on, I've been on a, on a tour. I'm doing all of that. But Right. You know me, you got the same bracelet on. Okay. You just got a couple diamonds in and I got a nail too. Hey, I, I, I can't fly private. I ain't fit to tell nobody that lie. But You know, I like Southwest. Yeah. Delta me You Delta. Yeah, Delta too far. First of all, in Houston, y'all don't do nothing but Southwest we United. We everything do everything Man. Yeah man. Y'all try to fly.


I gotta fly to go somewhere. I gotta fly from Houston to Salt Lake City. Salt Lake City, Detroit to go to Atlanta and now, Nah, we ain't, everything, everything from Delta go to Atlanta. Houston first just Atlanta. Atlanta Atlanta's, nah, y'all seen me, me and Jordan. Jordan, we got stuck in Salt Lake from Houston to Salt Lake. On Delta. On Delta. Why they see You in Salt Lake? When they, when they go to, they go, Huh? The, and then the flight got canceled. That's Delta you would've got on Southwest. They would've took you right home. Right there. You Don go and get on that side. On the Friendly Sky in Southwest baby. No. Apply to Friendly Sky. No, no, No. They, about, they about to go to the science seats now. I don't know what they do.


You got that counter call. I don't do the cattle call. You got anything you wanna promote? You got any specials coming out? Oh yes. That you, okay. I am dropping my new special May the 16th. It will be called, it is called My Two Sons. Okay. That's coming out. And Marcus d Wiley special is out right now. Marriage. Marriage is made surgery, then I'm dropping another special called Rugged on Father's Day. Okay. You know, and we, you can see 'em on Moment first, You know, on Pay-per-View. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm trying to do things big. And then I got a book coming out called, You know, applied Advice, which is a, which is a great book, which is about getting advice from people and actually putting it into use.


Not just hoarding it and hearing it. 'cause people, people do that all the time. Shannon Right. You, you'll give 'em some advice and then next time you see 'em, they still ain't use it. You like, so what? Why you waste my time? Why you ask for it if you ain't gonna use it? And if you, if you, I'm I'm, I'm gonna give you this. If you make that happen, I promise on my, on my sister's grave, I promise I will not have no hostility. I won't come in there on, on nothing. Alright. I just, I'll be boom, boom. I'll make it happen. That's, that's my word. That That deep.


Thank you. Elis go Underground Resorts World Las Vegas for allowing club Shehe to film this very special episode here today. Keep up with Elis, go underground on social media at Resorts World. Lv All my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. One slice, got the roll of dice. The all my life I've been grinding all my life, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, slice, got the d All my life, I all my life.


Amazon one medical presents painful thoughts. Do they ever actually clean the ball pit at these kids' play gyms? Or is my kid just swimming in Nevada bacteria catching whatever coie of the day is breeding in there a coie that'll probably take down our whole family. Luckily with Amazon one Medical 24 7 virtual care, you can get checked out for whatever ball Pitus you've contracted. Amazon one medical healthcare just got less painful.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Summer on the south side of Chicago is heating up you planning revenge. Aren you the shy is back May 16th on Paramount. Plus it's the season of the women. Women. This is on chance it's time to get to work, but the men aren't giving up without a fight. Tree's Always going to have a Villain. No one is backing down in the Showtime original series from Emmy Award winner, Lena, wait. Why do black women always have to save the day if we don't do it? Who else will? This shy new season streaming May 16th on the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan, you're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.