
This is an iHeart podcast.


What if one face serum could tackle blackheads, dullness and fine lines? Power trip exfoliating. Facial serum by verify skincare has proven it can. This biotech powered formula combines gentle exfoliation with dehydration to transform your skin. No dryness, no irritation with clinically tested ingredients like lactic acid and phyto phx technology. It's all about real results. Upgrade your routine with Power Trip by Verify skincare. Visit verify skincare.com to start your order today. A hundred percent money back guarantee and free gifts with purchase Verify skincare. Clean, simple, powerful.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures. And your guide on good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


At. Krabs in the barrel mentality. Blah, blah, blah. Nah, man, we showing something different, right? You know, First Take. I've been blessed and fortunate enough throwing shade on nobody. We've been number one for 12 years. We gonna be number one for 13. It's just that simple. And 14 and damn it, if I do it for 15, gonna be 15. That's the way it's going to be. That's how my mentality is. And I don't root for anybody to fail. I just root to be the best. Right? And there's a difference. And as far as I'm concerned, anybody that's with me, we the best All my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, paid the price, won a slice, got the roll of dice and swat all my life. I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life.


Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Hello. Welcome to another edition of Club Shehe. I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the Proprietor Club Sheha. And for my first partnership with the volume, I knew I had to land someone big. He's not big, he's huge. He's ginormous. He's a legendary sports journalist, a featured commentator, premier analyst, famed host, veteran reporter, podcaster, actor, writer, executive producer, businessman, New York Times bestselling author. One of the most recognizable on air personality, not just sports personalities.


Personalities on television. A cultural Iconic. And he's also A-H-B-C-U alum. Stephen A Smith. My brother, bro. Bro, we here. What's up man? We here. But You keep, we here. You keep knocking my brakes. I'm get on. Sorry man. I'm sorry man. Good. We good. I ain't know I could break anything on you. Oh yeah, yeah. That's you right there. Yeah, bra. I, I mean, I don't even, I'm gonna be able to keep this one 'cause every time I hug somebody comes off. We good bro. How you doing? It is good to See you, bro. How you doing, bro? I promise you. I'll be here. I'm Here. I need you to tell the people what you went through because you promised me this. Because we've been trying to get this thing together for a little over six weeks now. Right. And I said, Steven, can you, can you do Tuesday at noon?


Yeah. And you said I'll do it. Yeah. But I want you to tell the people the length in which you went through to get here at noon. Well, what happened is, is that my, my pastor for the Christian Cultural Center in New York City, pastor a ar Bernard had a fundraising event at a golf tournament in Long Island. Right. And so they were honoring me the, the night before I came here. And I had to play some golf, which I don't play. Right? So obviously I have to embarrass myself for a few hours for every one shoot shot. There's no footage. There's no footage. Not, not that I know, not that I know of. Not that I know of. But, but, but for every one good shot I hit, I hit about about five to 10 bad shots or whatever. But then after I did that, I promise you I was gonna get here in time.


So I had to take the private jet, get up here in time. And I flew here last night, got here about two in the morning, woke up at four 30 to prep for First Take, and then did First Take. And here I am. Bro. That's love. I really appreciate that. Of course, I know you talk about your pastor, but everybody that comes on, You know, I have my own line of cognac. That's right. And I need to get you a bottle and you gonna leave here with a bottle. Ain't nothing wrong with that. I mean, he know I, I can get you Get up. Nothing in excess. Nothing in excess, okay. Nothing in Excess. But I wanna toast you, bro. 'cause you paved the way. Thanks for a lot of guys. You made it not just athlete. And I want to give you your flowers, bro. Appreciate It. I appreciate you, man. Thank you so much, man. Coming from an HBCU obviously is a very, very big deal.


That's something that's near and dear to my heart. I've been an ambassador for HBCU week since around 2019 or so. And in that span we've generated over, what, about 65 million in scholarships for over, You know, 3000 students. And so I'm really, really proud of that. And HBCUs always near and dear to my heart. And the basketball coach, Clarence, big House Gaines, who, who helped the late great John McClendon in integrating the sport of basketball. They were both HBCU icons and both of them were big time mentors of mine. And they knew I didn't have the game that was gonna take me to the next level. But they knew I had the mindset and the tenacity to do what I could to help HBCUs.


And all he ever said to me was when I said, what can I do for all that you've done for me? He said, don't forget HBCUs. You make sure that you help any chance you get. And that's what I've been doing. What I tell people, Stephen A, is that when I went to an HBU, when I went to Savannah State, I had no idea the importance or the magnitude of what was going on at the time. Right. It wasn't until much, much later Right. That I realized that I had done something special. So when you're going, when you're matriculating at, at s at Winston-Salem, did you understand No. What was going on at the time and how big of a deal it was going to be later? No, I didn't, man. All I was trying to do was get my degree and to make sure that I positioned myself to have a career instead of a job.


When I'm giving speeches, I constantly say to kids, there's a difference between a job and a career. Right. A job is doing what you have to do to maintain or elevate your quality of life. Correct. A career is doing what you want to do. Correct. It just so happens to do those things. Yes. And so for me, if you don't have an education, the chances of you being able to pull that off, even with the advent of social media and the opportunities that present themselves, I think it's a misnomer to think that you don't have to have any kind of education whatsoever, and you going to succeed from a normal perspective. There are abnormal examples, of course. There's always somebody that breaks the code, but for the most part, you gotta go through that, that terrain. You gotta go through that grind.


And for me, it was always understanding that. So when I was at Winston-Salem, it was really about getting that degree and getting practical experiences. I did an internship at the Winston-Salem Journal. I did an internship at the Atlanta Journal Constitution. Then I came back, I did another internship at the Greensboro News of record, then back to the Winston-Salem Journal before I even graduated. And so for me, that was incredibly important, establishing that resume and really, really showing that I was a worthy individual. Because if I didn't have those internships, something to prove that I was really, really committed by acquiring that level of practical experience, then it was gonna be my resume against somebody from A PWI. Right. And if you're somebody from a predominantly white institution, chances are you're gonna get the nod over somebody in an HBCU.


Right. So I understood the climb. I understood the, the, the, the obstacles that I had to, that I had to fight off. And that's what I went about the business of doing. Did you always want to go to an HBCU? No. Or it just, just it just happened, Bro. It just happened. I didn't even know what an HBCU was until they came to offer me a scholarship. I had no clue. I heard about the, the United Negro College Fund. That's raw. That's right. Doing that every year. That's right. But he ain't never mentioned Savannah State. That's right. So I, I'm like, all I knew about was the big one, the grounders and the, the, the Southern University. Yeah. You Know about Eddie Robinson, You know about Eddie Robinson. Yes. But that was about it. Because the fact is, is that when you took it, HBCUs? I mean, there's some up north like Bowie State Yeah. And the Maryland area and what have you.


But for the most That's right. But for the most part, they down South. South. Correct. They out. They ain't out west. They ain't in the Midwest. They damn sure ain't on the East Coast. No. So if you're living in those places, you simply don't know. Right. I, and You know what, I caught a lot of criticism because I was one of the top prospects in the state of Georgia when I was coming out. Right. And I said, an HBCU wasn't my first choice. Right. Had I not, had I made, had I not been prop 48. I mean, I had Georgia, I had Texas, I had Nebraska, I had all the big schools recruiting me. And more times than not, I was like, but the best thing that I did, Stephen A, is when my former coach rest his soul, bill Davis came down, he said, son, if you good, they'll find you.


Right. He said, if I was drafting, he said, I would take you number one. Overall. Wow. He convinced me and I, when I had an opportunity to transfer and go to a pwi, I Right. I Couldn't. Well, I will tell you this. It's like, and, and, and a lot, and I've said this to a lot of our white brothers and sisters. I'm like, look, ain't nothing like being surrounded by your own. And, and the advantage, It's the pa it's the pageantry. Get homecoming. Oh My God. Oh my God. Homecoming. They just don't understand. They just don't understand. I mean, You know, the, the bands, the pep rallies. Yes. I mean, I Lord, The band played the whole game. It ain't no where they got the ball. You gotta be quiet. The band plays the entire game. Right. Whether we got the ball or they got the ball's. And then you got the step shows and you got the saw, Roger, you got the frats and you got the park.


And everybody's coming back from 20 years, 30 years, 10 years, 15 years. Just stop. I telling Just bring back memories. Just bring back memories. Lemme tell you something, man. I, I, I, I, I, listen, you've heard me listen. People see me on tv. You hear me complain about a lot of things in life. You ain't never heard me complain about going to HBC. No, no, No, no, no. It's the greatest experience I've ever had in my life. Lemme tell you something right now. I had a mentor of mine. He, God, God rest his soul. Mr. Robert Devon, he was the telecommunications director at Winston-Salem State. Loved him daily. He had to convince me to graduate on time. I wanted to do internships to delay and postpone Graduate.


That's how, that's How much I was living the life. They were there at Winston-Salem. They were there. You understand what I'm saying? Yes. I mean, it was like I do. And then everybody was like, well, You know what, you being disingenuous. 'cause you went and you did an internship in, in Atlanta. I was like, have you ever heard of Spelman? Yes, I have. Yes. You know, I mean, right down the block. That's right down the block. Okay. Atlanta Just started. And look, Atlanta's always been Atlanta. That's right. It just exploded in the last 20. But Atlanta was back. Atlanta back in the seventies and the eighties. Atlanta was like That. How about that? And then on top of it all, check this out. So you gotta take a route. If you're going down, you're going to I 85. You coming up, you're going 85 I 85 North. Right. You are passing HBCUs In.


Yes. So it's like, yeah, I'm at WINS Salem, but I'm stopping at Johnson c Smith Smith. You Got John C you got Ville State, you Got Bennett College in Greensboro. All girls. I mean, it's it beautiful. T got South Carolina. State t Yeah. A t It is like, Lord. I mean, You know, I used to take the long route 'cause You know, you could cut through and get to Winston-Salem State. Right. But I used to take the long route because you had to pass through all of them things to get to Winston-Salem. Right. I'm like, why would I wanna rush? Why would I want to do that? I tell a lot of people, I tell my white counterparts, I think, I think everybody should have to experience one semester at an HBCU. Yeah. Yeah. To, to get the feel, to get the ambiance That's right. Of what it's actually like. That's right.


And to have some of those teachers, because the professors, Stephen A, I believe they sincerely cared about Shannon Sharp. I remember going to a class and his name was Haynes Walton. And every Stephen A, he come to class with a piece of chalk this big in his pocket. Right. And he start writing on the board. I was like, okay, I'm taking notes and everything. And he said, on this page such and such, and in this chapter such and such. I'm like, what? Damn. How he know all of that every day for like three weeks. So I got the text, I said, I'm gonna find out how he knows so much. What I started reading texts by Haynes Walton. Yep. He wrote 'em that Him, that's how he know everything he wrote. And from that point on, right. Every, every, I felt that every class that I went to, every professor, doctor, they could teach me something.


Yeah. And I was attentive. Now it didn't hurt that, You know, they were in class too. That's Right. That's right. So I sat the front of the class. I was there, had me a brief, a briefcase. I had on, You know, on Friday I had hard bottom shoes on. Slack had me a knife blazer pretending like I'm gonna be something one day. Y'all need to come on, get on osha. That's right. Ain't no question. And, and listen, they cared. They held you accountable. They did. They felt like they were an extension of the family that you departed from. Right. And they made you feel like if you disappointed, if you ended up being a disappointment, you disappointed them. Yes. You disappointed yourself. You disappointed your family, you disappointed your community. It was a level of accountability. And not only that, they highlighted the obstacles Yes.


That were waiting for. For you. Yes. So it was, listen, we've been here, we did it. This was waiting for you. Right. What you going to do about it? Right. And there's a sense of pride that kicks in. But more importantly, when you go to an HBCU, I think this is the most important people, most important thing for folks to understand. Particularly as it pertains to black folks, usually in every walk of society, we are alone in certain respects. Yes. When you go to an HBCU, you got company Yes. People Who look like you, who share your cultural identity, who share your trials and tribulations, the obstacles, the pitfalls, everything. You literally are looking at people, hanging with people and talking to people every day where your experiences are not foreign into them.


They all know it. And so they gonna lift you up unless you don't want to be right. When you don't want to be, they know to leave you to this time. 'cause you ain't about anything. You Right. We, we gonna stick with, with people who's about something. And that self accountability elevates everybody. I think back, Stephen A one of the, one of, I started off, I was prop 48, so I had to start off in developmental studies. Right. Developmental studies is remedial. Right. So in other words, all you're taking is classes that doesn't go towards graduation. Right. Dr. Joyce Macklemore, I'll never forget, I had a reading class and after two days she called me up. She always called me Mr. Sharp. To this day, when I go back and see her at Savannah State, she called me Mr. Sharp. She said, Mr. Sharp, I don't wanna see you here next, next quarter.


Yes. She said, they all say That. She said, you are too smart. She said, you have no business being in this class right now, Mr. Sharp. I don't wanna see you next quarter. She told a story, everybody. 'cause about that time I ended up graduating, got my degree and playing in the NFL. She said, y'all see that young young man on television, he was in this very class. Right. But he worked his tail off to get out. And I did. A lot of my teammates were embarrassed because, You know, it wasn't a regular class, Steven. Yeah. It was a trailer. That's right. And You know, it was right next to Peacock Hall where I went. I would go eat breakfast and walk right up in there. Just as proud. Yeah. Because I wasn't ashamed because I put myself in that situation. Right. See, you shouldn't be ashamed of something that you put yourself in. Right. I put myself in that situation.


But a lot of times people don't see themselves as putting themselves in that situation. 'cause they're not willing to absorb and accept accountability. See, the beauty of being involved with athletics is that you are surrounded by people who make you accountable for yourself. You, it is like a human mirror. You know, when you didn't work hard. Right. You know, when you didn't put in the work. Correct. You know, when you didn't listen to the coach. Yes. You know, when you didn't do all of these things. So that transitions to other forms. It could be the classroom, it could be anything else. I remember even before I got to college, seventh grade, it's in my book, straight shooter, my seventh grade teacher, Mr. Caravan, looked my mother dead in the face. And she said, your son is not a dummy. She said he doesn't listen with things he's not interested in.


Right. He drifts. Right. So what happens is you think he doesn't know it. He didn't understand. He never heard him. He will literally drift. And he doesn't hear anybody anywhere. He said, but when you find out what he's passionate about, you'll have a star in your hands. Right. And that's what you said. And that came in handy because years later when I, what


If one face serum could tackle blackheads, dullness and fine lines power Tripp exfoliating facial serum By verify Skincare has proven it can. This biotech powered formula combines gentle exfoliation with dehydration to transform your skin. No dryness, no irritation with clinically tested ingredients like lactic acid and phyto spheric technology. It's all about real results. Upgrade your routine with Power Trip by Verify skincare. Visit verify skincare.com to start your order today. A hundred percent money back guarantee and free gifts with purchase verify skincare. Clean, simple, powerful.


A beat writer. Especially when I was covering the 76 and stuff like that, I have this uncanny ability. I don't, I'm not saying it's a gift, but I have this uncanny ability. I have been in an arena with 20,000 people and I didn't hear a word. I didn't hear anything. Like I'm on deadline. Right. I got a article to write. I got 20 minutes to drive to write 800 words. And I literally have the ability to block out all the noise. And it reminded me of what Professor Caravan said to my mother about drifting. Right. I drifted to a different place except this time I saw the positive in it. Right. Because a lot of times if you hearing that noise, you can't focus, you can't concentrate, you can't get the job done.


Right. I could because I could lock in and I could tune out the noise. You sound like an athlete. If you've heard athletes say it, say it's like everything slows down. Everything is moving in slow motion. I don't hear not one of those 85,000 Right. Or those 30,000 fans are screaming, I hear nothing. Right. Everything is just hushed. Yeah. And I can get, I can actually hear my heartbeat. That's how quiet it is. Yeah. Even though I'm in a stadium. Right. With 80,000 And Those are the great ones. As an athlete, those are the great ones. Because the ones who hear all the noise are the ones who succumb to it and they panic, they sweating a little bit extra. Yes. Palms sweaty, backside tight. They can't really handle the pressure. They fold under the pressure.


But when you can, when you can be composed and poised under pressure. Right. Particularly on the field of athletics, whether it's the quarter play, the field, the play, or whatever the case may be, you gotta star your hands. That wasn't me. That was me when it came to my job. Right. I could tune out all of that noise. What people have is pressure. It's like you said, we do television every day. I'm in front of the camera, bro. I worry about nothing. Right. I'm not fazed about, I don't care who's in front of me. I don't care what noise people are saying on the outside. I don't care about the camera folks. I don't care about the producers in the control room. I don't care about the bosses upstairs, wherever. When the camera is in front of me, I believe I own it. Right. And I'm not phased by anything. It just doesn't phase me.


Right. But I've seen people who have been reporters, for example, and you put 'em in front of the camera brother, they sweating bullets. They nervous as hell. They stuttering. They don't know what to say. They're trying to gather their thoughts. They're trying to be ultra careful. They don't know what to think, what to say or whatever the case. Right. And I'm like this, they have no chance. Yeah. They have no chance. But people think it's easy. Everybody can't talk on camera. Right. Everybody can't speak in front of us. In, in front of an audience. Right. We've seen some of the greatest players not be able to do what you and I do on the regular. And people just like, well how do you do it? Right. You just do it. You just do it. I don't, I don't see you. Right. I don't hear all I, all I hear is my own voice.


Right. Right. You, I'm a little different than that. I think that you and I would be a little bit different than that because that's your gift. And that's cool. Me as anybody, producer, anybody would tell you when I'm on the air, that's why they named me the executive producer. First Take. I ain't asked for the job. I didn't need another job. Right. The last thing I need is another job, bro. I didn't, it ain't like they throwing extra money my way for this. Right. You know what I'm saying? It ain't happening. But they came to me and I'm like this. They were like, why they say you producing the damn show anyway on the set. You looking at the camera. I know this camera is on. I know this camera is off. I'm imagining what the audience is doing because I have a connection with the audience. Right. This is what they want to hear. This is what they don't want to hear.


This is who they want to hear from at this particular moment in time. This is who they want to hear on at this particular moment time. Right. Alright, Steve, it's time to jump in all, Steve, it's time to lay back because the objective is the show. It's not me. It's not you, it's the show. Correct. And the objective is to make sure that the people on camera are maximizing their, their potential in terms of their presentation to the audience to grab 'em and to reel 'em in. Right. That's how I'm thinking. Right. And or now that it didn't, it wasn't at the beginning. At the beginning I was a lot like that. But as time went on, you're just seeing it. You're saying, well, wait a minute, why did This, you're The quarterback, this person. I've always, that's what I Meant. See, see, for me, I'm, I got, look, I, I know what everybody's supposed to do. Right. Right.


But I focus on, on my job now, if I need to tell somebody their route or they need to, Hey, this blip you hot or you gotta block B Well, you Showed the world that what the, what you supposed to do on Twitter. You know what I'm saying? Who laid it up for you? You already do. And Then you like, yeah. That's what you supposed to do. Right. That's, that's that to me is my job. Lemme Ask you a question. Yeah. Like when you say like these viral, and people ask like, when do You know what you're gonna say? A lot of times when stuff goes viral, I had no idea because I don't know what he's gonna say. Right. You don't know what everybody's gonna say. But sometimes it just, it just happens. A moment happens. How much is just reactionary or, because like I said, you have a lot of different, you have Mad Dog, you have Ryan Clark, you have, do you have swagger?


You have so many different people. So it's hard to get a beat or a rhythm to what they're gonna say If you don't know them. Okay. And if you don't know the audience. Okay. And so what happens is, I know what the audience wants from Ryan Clark. I know what it wants from Swag. I know what it wants from Molly. I know what it wants from Mad Dog. I know what it was from ky. I know what it wants from Shannon Sharp. Okay. For the purposes of that show. And so I'm looking at Shannon Sharp and I'm like, and three times two bowl champion. That's one of the greatest tight ends in, in NFL history. That's a hall of famer. And damn it, he loud and he's boisterous. He going, come right at you and all of this other stuff.


Okay? This is what they want and this is what they're going to get right now. You don't want to give it to them too much. Right? All in one bold. Right. You wanna spread it out. You see, you wanna sprinkling it out, right? You want a little bit here, a little bit there. Little. All right. It's 10, 10 15, 10 o'clock, boom. 10 15. Here we come. The momentum is swelling. All of a sudden it might be a little bit too much. You might wanna dial it back a little bit. 'cause we coming at 11, right? We might come back 1115, help. We coming at 1130. See, that's how I'm thinking. Okay? So it's like, okay, yeah, I want you to shine and I want you to, I want you to be you 'cause I'm gonna be me. Right? And so here we come and the audience is watching. How do You know that? 'cause you paid attention to the audience, right? You're not sitting up there manipulating them.


You're not disrespecting them. You are showing them you appreciate them because you're paying attention to what they're telling you and showing you they want want. A lot of times you have talent and it's like, listen, this is my lane. And there's something to be said about that where You know who you are. Yes. And You know what you bring. That's not to be disrespected, that's to be appreciated. Okay? Here's his strength. Well, if I have a different strength, how do I get to compliment that so he can shine? Wow. We shine. That is the objective when you trying to win. And it's applicable on a football field, on a quarter play or on a television set. But, but how many people are thinking like that? I'll tell you who the winners think like that. The losers don't.


Wow. It's very simple. You know what, I want to address some comments that you said, because you said condolences in advance. Yep. He's the modern day Black Hulk. He's not used to getting beat down. That's right. Welcome to the beat down. Well, let me tell you, let me elaborate. First of all, obviously I wasn't talking about physically, I got no shot. I got no shot. I mean, let's get that out the way right now. Let's get that out the way right now. You know, understand what I'm saying? Let's get that out the way right now, I would not talk about physically, I got no shot whatsoever. But You know, I've seen you, I've seen you debate quite all. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And I've seen, I'm good to thing. I've lived far. You could do your thing, but You know, you, you ain't never been up against me. You serious? It's a little, a little different going up against me. You see what happens is you got people that are trying to win the debate to be right.


Yeah. False. It's about your perspective up against mine. And who can convince the audience their perspective is better than the next. Ah. That's what it's about. You see, a lot of times somebody could, like, if somebody that it's a mistake to argue with Shannon Sharp about the facts of football. You don't do that. Not if you didn't play right. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, please, you got no shot. But you can go like this. You know something. I, it is really nice. I heard what you said. But you see, you said this two weeks ago that not consistent with what I just heard. I mean, I, you saw this game right now.


Now I'm not you, but damnit, I got two eyes. Right? I saw that. Are you telling me what I saw was a lie? Really? You're sure about that? What? Didn't you say this a year ago? You see, these are the kind of things like, You know, you obviously, You know, you love yourself. Some LeBron James. Yeah. Yeah. You know, he to go, he to go. He's not with, he's not he to go. He's, I just gotta the phone with MJ last night. Just a reminder, you shoulda hung off. Reminded me. I hung up on everybody. Yeah. The go, the blast for me coming outta your mouth right now. Go. It's okay. You can believe that go, you could believe that the man still going Your wrong 21. But we'll do, I'm sure we, You know what, Right. The first LeBron topic, right? Don't need to be nobody.


Here's what the deal. Don't need to be nobody There. Here's what's gonna hurt you. Here's what's gonna hurt you. Because you see, when you talking like that, people like, but shit. But nope. I'm gonna sit back and let you talk and then I'm gonna say, you finished. Are you, you sure you finished? No. And you gonna be like, nah. And I'm gonna say, you gotta wait now. 'cause I waited. Here I come and you gonna have to deal with the tsunami that I'm gonna bring. I'm gonna reign down upon you when it comes, especially to that subject, but especially to that subject. But, but see you. And that's what I, and that's when you gonna hit to say, listen, LeBron, listen, I got this man. The game was started 1947.


Be I got LeBron James, the thousands of players that have played in the NBAI got him number two all times. Yeah. Yeah. You got people walking around like, that's disrespect. It is. I got 'em. No, see, see that's the motion. It is. That's emotion. Right? Ain't That's emotion right there. Listen, lemme tell you something right now. I personally believe a legitimate argument could be made that I'm sitting in front of the greatest tight end in the history of football. Some people bring in Gronk, Tony Gonzalez, other Travis, whatever, Travis Kel. Of course. But you in the conversation, You know, understand. Yes. And, and, and You know, because you're brethren, I mean, they give you mad love and respect. Right? I can say that. But my point to you is, is that if somebody said you weren't number one, you don't feel insult.


No. So why you got to be insulted about LeBron? Because That's emotion. No, that's emotion. But the go, huh? See that's emotion right there. You told me the storm was coming. Right? See your storm happened for nine years, then took two years off. Right. And it happened for three years and took another three years off. That's right. And then it kind of just was like drizzling. Right? My thought storm been going for 21 years raining. Right. Right. You could say that, that my retort to that would be six NBA finals losses. So, so they only, So hold on a six final losses, six finals Losses. Lemme ask you a question. Six. I just want you to tell me one thing if we going debate this. Sure. Tell me the team that he faced that was the 2017 or the 2018 Golden State Warriors.


What do you mean? I don't understand your question Michael Jordan. Tell me the team. No. Talking about Michael Jordan. I want you to tell me the team that Michael Jordan faced, that was the equivalent of the 17th 18 one. No one. Can I respond to that? Sure. Can I tell why? No one? Do You know why? Because none of them had Jordan. No, That's exactly why. Okay. Lemme See, see, see that's the ultimate equalizer or usurper. Pick whichever one you want to, you want to pick. Do you understand that Jordan is six and oh in NBA finals? Yes. Do you understand that Jordan was MVP all six NBA finals. Yes. Do you understand that Jordan never even allowed the, a final series to go seven games? Yes. You understand that? It never went Set game. I also, I also understand that, I also know he just started going to final because back went, I'm Sorry, excuse me. 10 time NBA scoring champion.


Nine time all defensive player. All defensive. First team. You do know that, right? Yeah. Alright, so, so in other words, is it, was LeBron on both sides of the ball? Was he that dominant? Oh, he was the Right ball. You know, he should have won. You know, he should won. Are you, are you kidding me, Stephen? A Are you kidding? Stephen? A I gimme this. Okay. You know, good. Well, LeBron James should have one defensive player of the year. How does, how does Marcus Saul, who's the second team all defensive player, be defensive player of the year? I agree with that. I agree with that. But the flip side to it is that as we watched LeBron James, even with his greatness at one point in time as a defensive player, we never looked at him and said, oh my God, that's that dude defensively.


Yeah. You had, you had, now LeBron is universally respected and revered. MJ was feared. You know the difference? You know the difference. 'cause there are people who have feared you. You know the difference better than me. You know the difference between reverence and fear. Look, look, You know this. You like John Whit. I like James Bond. Bond. He's all right. He's all right. Hold John Bond. Can I have James Bond I prefer. Oh, you, I prefer James. You could be John Whit. Okay. I prefer James Bond. John shot up a whole place. Kill everybody. Okay. James Bond killed a few people that got the ladies. That's right. They do the same. That's right. Remember when Hall, remember when Halle Berry was walking out? Well come up about that water when he was walking out the ocean and he said magnificent view. Remember that? I remember that.


The smoke and that was, You know, that, that, that's, that stuff is stuff like Pierce Brosnan. Yeah. But You know Dan u Craig? Yeah, of course. Sean Connery. Connery. Yeah. The man. Okay. I mean this, I'm trying to say the versatility of James Bond is weird. The go comes and it, you could say that, but at the end you could guard one through five. You've seen him do it. I'm not denying that. Shut down Tony Park on one end. I'm not in the last five minutes. Say I got Tim DI also saw him get checked when Jason Terry was guarding him in the post in his finals against Dallas. You going and deny that? No. Okay, then. So, so lemme ask you a question. Has there ever been a time when Michael Jordan showed up in an NBA finals and you literally looked at him and said, yo, he didn't show up.


He never plan. Nobody. Come on. Lemme ask you a question. I I'm gonna, do you like this here? Sure. Tell me the guy that he faced that was the award, the equivalent of Kevin Durant and then it be a fight. Michael Jordan. Well, I would say, or stiff Curry. I wouldn't say, I wouldn't say the equivalent of, of Kevin Durant, but let's go down the list. He beat magic for his first title. Magic was 73. Okay, I find you, I'm going, I'm going down the list. I'm going down the list. I didn't hear you say that when Magic was here, but we're talking about magic was down. You know, magic because you say that when magic was hit, man, tell him that the man gone. The man gone. The nine, nine finals in 10 years. I, I feel you on that. And by the way, he took Vlade, Devo and those Yes. Wasn't Kareem and Worthy and I, but you saw what he did Jordan, in the first game. Right? Allow me put a triple double on it.


The head, he put Scottie Pippin on it. That's cool. Okay. Gonna say he backed them back. Made it look like Kareem and Calwell Jones. Okay, go ahead. That's fair. That's fair. Michael Joe, I'm sorry. Magic Johnson in the first title. Clyde Drexel and the crew. The second title, Charles Barkley. Kevin Johnson. Don't ignore that. Dan Marley and them the third title. Good, good team. Okay. Okay. Peyton The Glove with Sean Kemp before he became Sean. That's one Hall of Fame. And then also you got Carl Malone. John Stockton. Yes. And you have an NBA game that was considerably tougher at that particular moment in time than today's NBA game is in terms of physicality and what's allowed. Yes. So you can appreciate this whole Yes. You can appreciate that. When you can put your, when you can put your forearm on people, when you can hand check them, when you can do a lot of things you can't do now.


Right Now you'll get caught for passing gas. True. You will. But here it's a different game now. But here's the thing, Stephen. A Okay.


Sick of face serums that promise the world and deliver nothing. Meet power Trip by verify skincare. Say goodbye to dullness, blackheads and fine lines. This biotech powered serum with lactic acid fruit ahas and spheric doesn't just exfoliate it. Hydrates smooths and visibly transforms your skin. Because when it comes to skincare results speak louder than hype. Try power Tripp today. Visit us online@verifyskincare.com and enjoy free gifts with purchase verify skincare, clean, proven, and unapologetically effective


What you and the old school guard okay. Have equated physicality with talent and skill. I'm not the guy that today game are more skilled. I I totally agree with that. Okay. I totally agree with that. But you would know this better than me because you were an all world player. Even though the game of the NFL has evolved significantly, You know good and damn well that if you were playing in this time Oh yeah, you would've adapted. Yes. You played in that time. You adapted Yeah. The game in the sixties and seventies, you would've adapted to those times you adapt. Of course. So what I'm trying to say to you is this, Michael Jordan was what he needed to be. If he was playing today, he would be what he needed to be in order to be successful today.


Right. That's All I'm trying to say. When you see greatness on that level, yeah. You have to concede that that's the case. But see, all they asked Michael do was to cook. LeBron had to cook, he had to clean, he had the weight tables. He, he had to take orders. Well, you could say that, but what I'm saying is I ain't Know had faith. If the brother's doing it on both sides of the floor, then obviously he's doing more than one thing. He doing that too. But why is he doing more, more than one Thing. How many, how many guys, You know, that are top five sport and top five or assists? How About this? How about when Shaquille O'Neal with Penny Hardaway? Yeah. Nick Anderson, 3D Dennis Scott and those boys. Yeah. Won Orlando, right? Yeah. How about the fact that they couldn't even get the ball past half court because Scotty Pippen and Michael Jordan had him on locking game.


Yeah. With LeBron Harper. Full, full court press. We ended up see LeBron do that. We ain't never seen LeBron do that. LeBron do that. You know, stop it. He never did it. You Remember when D he never did it. You remember when D Rose? Who? The mvp. Y'all voted D rows. MVP What they do to Dro in the playoffs? Excuse me. Excuse me. D Rose. What kind of team did? Yeah, you couldn't tell me. Yo Kim, Noah and those boys was a disappointed Guy. They was a number. They, they did enough to get the number one C didn't say nothing. So what you, you voted mvp. That's why I called him Bro told it. I voted him MVP and still picked Miami to win that series. I knew they wasn't gonna beat Miami in the best of seven. Playoffs are different. Yeah. Alright. But that don't mean LeBron deserve the MVP and oh by the way, I don't even knock LeBron James for not getting the MVP because when you are that great, you're not gonna put all your efforts in over 82 games.


You playing for April, may, and June. So this entirely plausible, I'm very fair to LeBron J your dollar. Sometimes, most times, most times. Actually I'd say all it's just that I call it like I see it. I'm not emotional like you. Nah, You, yo you, I saw you emotional. I I've been doing my hard work on you. Yeah. You know what? I got a call today for one Micah Jordan. I did. He rolled up on me in a black SUV and I rolled the window down. That's true. That's true. He, yeah. I was scary. I thought he was gonna shoot. I thought, I thought it was drive by. It was in Denver. I thought it was a damn drive by. He scared to live the hell outta me. You understand what I'm saying? I mean, that's, that, that's an absolutely true story. But at the end of the day, all I'm trying to say is that LeBron is phenomenal. He's great. We should throw no shade on him. One of the greatest ever top, top three.


I Think you See, I to see you saying one of, of, first of all, first Of all, th he will never be greater than Jordan to me. But more importantly, let's go to Kareem 19. Time Allstar, our back six time league MVP champion on the high school level. Don't free champion Credit Though. Champion in the NBA. Okay. Six times, good Lord at Mercy. Six, Six All time leader score before LeBron surpassed him. All of that stuff happened. I'm just saying, come on now, the resume is better. But I still don't believe he was the player that LeBron James is. Yeah. All right. But what I hold, and I, and I'll say this to you, I'll tell you something that I very, really said. If you took LeBron James career from 2012 to now, and that was his history from his first title Yeah.


To what he is now, and you wanted to make an argument against Jordan, I'm listening. The problem is we don't get to ignore those first seven or eight years where there were a couple of occasions where one, he was accused of quitting and number and I don't believe that, by the way. No, I don't believe that they accused Noah drunkenness. No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm talking about God still gave the art. I got you. But I figure you, but it's true, but it's still accused of drunkenness. Oh, but the point is, point Accusation facts. No, no, no. Against Boston. I don't believe that. I, it was a lot of stuff going on with LeBron. That's none of our business. That people, they were totally unfair to him, including his damn teammates. Yeah, but that's a different story for another day. I never held that against them. Right. But when you got four games against the Dallas Mavericks in which people looked at you and said, choke, If you say that, You know what, If you cannot get past That, I can't, I can't, I can't argue that one.


You can't, I can't argue on that One. And that to me, that to me sealed the deal about the mj LeBron comparison. So What, what, what if he were to win a title this year? Don't matter at 39 years of age. So, So, so that don't erase Jordan that Well see, there you Go. That don't see, See that's the argument that people have when I was talking about Tom Brady not playing well, I'm not trying to take away what Jordan's accomplished. I agree. He got those rings right. He got six finals MVPs. Right. He has six championships. He has five regular season MVPs. Correct. If LeBron gets another title, Stephen A, I'm not gonna erase what Jordan did, but he already here, he already here for me. Okay.


All he doing is just, But, but what I'm saying to you is, I already talked about the Dallas thing. Yeah. And I talked about moments, which you can appreciate. What I'm trying to say to you is that when you are that dude, right? That doesn't happen to you often. That happened to magic when they called them tragic. 'cause you Yeah. 84 Johnson 84 and all of that. We get all of that. Yeah. You understand what I'm saying? But for the most part, that doesn't happen. And this is the kind of thing that you also have to pay attention to as well. Not only do you not get to say that about Jordan, but when you look at LeBron, think about this. You want me to tell you what I hold against him just as much as I held against the Dallas performance. What? The following year with the, the Allstar game. You got the ball in your hands.


It's an exhibition. Oh, he, he passed It. It's an exhibition. It's not, it doesn't count. Right. It's all in fun. Right. Kobe claps his hand, God rest his soul. So come on with it. And he's like, yo, let's come on with it. Come with you got D Wade on the court. You got mellow in the corner. Yeah. And he threw the pass and all three of them along with Kobe descended on LeBron and said, yo, what's up? What you doing? Because they knew he was psyched out. He was messed up. And what I'm saying to you is that Kobe wasn't like that. MJ wasn't like that. It's D Wade wasn't like that in his first NBA finals appearance. They down oh two to Dallas D Wade goes berserk, averages 37 the last four games. Right. I'm just saying it's stuff like that.


It's not that you look at LeBron and you diminish him. It's just that you can't elevate him above somebody like mj. When I got that evidence to support my argument, that's all. And that's why I got a number two Alt time. God strike me down. I mean, my Lord. I mean, what an insult. I mean the number two all time in the history of the game. And it's an insult. Only you and, and Rich Paul and people like that feel that way. Most of us saying individuals know better. No, Lemme ask you this. Yeah. You and I have conversation and people are like, well, how close are you Stephen? A I said, I met him in 2014 when I, when I came on the show. Yeah. I said, we've talked over the year.


We exchanged numbers and we've talked over the years. Yeah. But I said, over the last year and a half or so, I was going through some things and he was the one guy that was in this business that I felt I could talk to. It would stay between us. But he would give me sound advice. And so now you have your thing with First Take. You, you, you are the voice, you are the face of First Take. You're the first face of ESPN. What made you reach out? Say, bro, I want you because I got love for you, bro. And that's just, that's just me being a man and, and, and speaking as two brothers. You know, You know our former boss at First Take Jamie Horowitz who is over, he brought you over there, FS one and all of that.


And he knows my history. He knows what I stand for. I remember when I first, you can ask him, I remember when I first arrived on First Take and I rolled up in there and I saw a bunch of white folks and I said, yo, where the brothers and the sisters at? You don't think I'm gonna be sitting here working with a bunch of white folks, do you? I don't mind white folks. I ain't got nothing against y'all. God bless you. You understand what I'm saying? Right. We all brothers and sisters, the eyes of God when all is said and done, but you ain't gonna just have me surrounded by a bunch of Lilly White folks. You better sprinkle this. Sprinkle some, some little pep in here, a little pep up in this mix. You know what, understand what I'm saying. And so, You know, he brought one. And then the next thing You know, I picked two or three others and made sure to diversify that staff.


And then one of the things that I did when I came in there, I knew Skip was going to want to debate me or whatever, but I was talking about subject matters that we needed to broach. 'cause it was still his show. But he respected me enough to get my opinion. And I was like, look, we need all of these other people because I want voices and I'm, I'm just, I'm built differently. What I mean by that is there's no shade on you or anybody else, but I don't believe anybody's knocking me off my perch. I will knock me off my perch. You know, corporate stuff, bureaucratic stuff. Yeah. That's stuff you can't, You know? Right. But I'm talking about in terms of my on-air performance, my job performance. I don't worry about it. You know what I worry about the day that I want to leave and I haven't done anything to create opportunities for us to continue.


And so for me, it's like I look at you, I think that you're smart. You're obviously incredibly accomplished. You ain't gonna never hear me say no disrespect to anybody, not to bring up nothing. You ain't gonna never hear me say three Super Bowl championships. A Hall of Fame status don't mean nothing. I don't roll like that. Right? That's not who I am. I'm the kind of person that I argue with you about football, but I want the audience to know, yo, you the football expert. Right? Not me. Right. I'm the reporter that walks in and I'm like, this what I saw. Tell me I'm wrong. This is what I'm seeing. Tell me I'm wrong. This is where I'm coming from. Just like me and you talk about. Right. I know you, I don't give a damn how much basketball, You know, you don't know no more basketball than me. I've been coming, I learned from living legends and all this stuff, but I still want to hear what you have to say.


Right? You can listen to me talk to about football. Why the hell can I listen to you talk about basketball? Right? And so all of that, and then your heart being con, a conscientious brother caring about the issues that you caring about, speaking about the issues that you speak about. Nah, brother Iron sharpens iron and Yeah, I got Mad Dog Russo, that's white. I got Dan Orlowski. That's a white dude. You see what I'm saying? You know, Jeff sat at one time, he was on the show. That's a white man. But the bottom line is, I want it all. I want to make sure there's brothers, there's sisters, black and white ethnic, You know, Hispanics, Asian. I don't give damn who it is. I want to make sure we're representing America and we make sure that everybody that looks at our show says I can identify with what they're saying.


But in the end, when it comes to me personally, You know, whether it is Ryan Clark, it's Marcus Spears. All right? It's Damien Woody, it's Louis Riddick. The list goes on and on. My brother Michael Irving, that's now over at SS one Keyshawn Johnson, these are my boys. I go back decades with these. These are my brothers. Right. You see what I'm saying? They will tell you, you ask anybody that that knows me, I'm about getting you paid. I'm about helping you become successful. I'm about letting you shine. I'm not threatened by anybody's appearance. It's, it's my obligation. But you've heard it, you've to do it. You've heard the comments. Yes, man, Stephen, A man, he's strong-willed. He brags blah, blah, blah.


Right. Shannon strong, will I, blah, blah blah. Yeah. How is that gonna work? They don't know. You Know, I tell people, yeah, I'm gonna say two people that strong will can absolutely get along. That's right. As long as there's respect. Absolutely. The moment one disrespects the other, the other lose respect for the one that disrespected him. Right. So now it's just a matter of time. Exactly. And that's not gonna happen. No. 'cause I don't roll like that. I don't, it doesn't, I don't roll like that. No. It's like, yo, I'm gonna argue with you about your points, but You know what? We gonna agree, we going to disagree. Disagree. But at the end of the day, we brothers and we gonna sit up there and try to do what we can to make our products shine.


Right. That's our responsibility. Because if we do, if we do, otherwise, all we are doing is inhibiting the other success. Right. We are getting in the way of what we trying to do. Right. That makes no sense whatsoever. And not only that, they're setting a bad example for our community if I need, really need to get deeper about it. Yeah. Because what happens is, is that, oh, so they can't chill, they can't sit up there Right. And do a show together. Right. They can't get along. You see that crabs in the barrel mentality, blah, blah, blah. Nah man, we showing something different. Right? You know, First Take, I've been blessed and fortunate enough throwing shade on nobody. We been number one for 12 years. We gonna be number one for 13. It's just that simple. And 14 and damn it, if I do it for 15, it gonna be 15. That's the way it's going to be. That's how my mentality is.


And I don't root for anybody to fail. I just root to be the best. Right. And there's a difference. And as far as I'm concerned, anybody that's with me, we the best. This is what we gonna do. So now it's we. It ain't Stephen A It is. It is. We we. And when you come to First Take, 'cause you ain't start yet, you going to see it's a family. You gonna see, we get along, it ain't fake. We roll with one another. Right. We vibe for one another. We watch one another's back. It has always been that way under my stewardship of the show. Right. And I can say my stewardship of the show, 'cause the show was handed to me, they ain't coming to me. And I just took the title and all. No. Right. They came to me and said, it's yours. You are responsible for it.


If I didn't want Shanda Sharp at First, Take, Shannon Sharp wouldn't be at First Take. Absolutely. That's just how it roll. No question. But I had to come out that day because, well, all that you were going through, Bro, when you was telling me this, see what you're saying now is that you told me months in advance because you was telling me things that were going on at Park. Hell, I didn't know. And I'm like, hold on. I drive this building every day. How the hell, You know what I don't know. And you telling me, bro, it's going down like this. It's happening like this. And I'm just scratching my head. I'm like, I'm at this building every day. And everybody teasing and teasing in my, was I was I, was I right? You was absolutely spot on. Say I was right. You know, and I, and by the way, it wasn't because of Fox, it's because I know the business.


Right. I've been here for 30 years. I can see it a mile away. You know, I can see the handwriting on the wall. I knew when it was over for you, bro. I'm gonna be real with you. I knew when it was over and I was like, I'm here. You see what I'm saying? You did. 'cause, because I knew what was gonna happen. What happens is when you got noise and we gonna call it like, listen, I'm gonna call her like I see it. You don't want to do that. Let me do it. All right. 'cause I've been in the business long enough. When you are black and you have the kind of


Sick of face serums that promise the world and deliver nothing, meet power Trip by verify skincare. Say goodbye to dullness. Blackheads and fine lines. This biotech powered serum with lactic acid fruit, a HHAs and phy aspheric doesn't just exfoliate it, hydrates smooths and visibly transforms your skin. Because when it comes to skincare results speak louder than hype. Try power Tripp today. Visit us online@verifyskincare.com and enjoy free gifts with purchase verify skincare, clean, proven and unapologetically effective


of Evident, apparent meaning public situations like that we don't win. Everybody's circling. The sharks are circling. Now it's not one person and it's not, You know, collusion going on instinctually, people tend to believe, disbelieve disbelieve that. And the sharks are circling. And that's why I came out. You know, the number one reason I came out, even before First Take was even on my mind. You know, the number one reason I came out Shannon Sharp. And I said, I want Shannon sharp on First Take because I wanted the world to know that you were wanted.


That was the most important thing to me. I wanted the world. I didn't want you to be in a situation where the sports world looked at you and said, what'd he do? He must have done something. Persona. Gra Yeah. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. So I said, I said, if he ends up, he ends up here. The honchos know I want him. But more importantly than that, this is a brother that I think has done a lot of good work on television that has helped our community. And as a result, it's incumbent upon me because of the perch that I sit on to let them know. Right. He's wanted. Right. Don't cut him off. Because that's what they did to me in 2009. They cut me off and left me for dead, bro. And I'm not talking about ESPN, I'm talking about the industry.


They cut me off and left me for dead. They thought I was done. They were writing my epitaph. And I knew it. And I said I was blessed and fortunate enough to have enough connections and to do what I do to overcome it. I don't know if this brother does. So let me let the world know he has me and we'll go from there. That Happened. And it worked out. That absolutely happened like that. 'cause you and I was talking and you was like, bro, I got this. But soon as I get outta this meeting, I hit you back. That's right. And we was talking 20 minutes, 30 minutes, a hour. And you took every last one of my calls and I'm thinking to myself, and I remember getting on the phone, calling my sister and I said, like, Libby, it's, it's, it's probably gonna happen. I said, because it's not coming from inside.


It's coming from somebody that I know knows the business and he wouldn't bull drive me. But he told me that is a 95% chance that it's gonna happen. And he wants me on his show. Right. And I'm like, I don't want, I think I'm good at what I do. Right. And, and for him, it did my heart Good. Right. Because I know what you represent in this industry. Right. To say, I want him on my show. Right. Whatever, whatever This, I don't believe nothing. Look, you go back and from when I was with the Bronco for 12, 10 years. Right. Went to Baltimore for two, back to the Broncos for two CBS for a decade out with fought for six years.


Not one person ever said anything bad about sh he difficult to work with. He this, this, that. My greatest compliment from players is guys that were on my team say, Shannon Shaw's the greatest teammate I ever had. He's, he's my favorite teammate. The way he approached it, the way he was. And so for you to come to me Right. And to say what you said when you didn't have to do any of it. Right. And nobody would've held that against you because like you said, that's what would've happened. And I heard it, man, he must have did something. Yeah. No. Showed up every day on time. Yeah. And did a hell of a job. I remember when Jamie Horowitz, who we're talking about, came to recruit me in 2016, in April at the W Hotel.


He said, you gonna be a star. Yeah. I said, I said, Jamie, I I know what he said. Trust me. Yeah. He says, I know talent. But it goes deeper than that because you see Jamie, whether he wants to tell you this or not, I knew back then Skip was auditioning you because whenever I took off, you would be there. Yes. And what Jamie wouldn't tell anybody is that there were extra days that I would take off. Just so Skip could bring you on. Because again, if you are not creating opportunities for other people, what good are you? Right. My pastor says, and I'm not the most religious person in the world. I mean, as promiscuous as I've been in my lifetime, at least for the first, I mean, I mean, I am in no position.


You know, I'm a lot better now over the last, over the last decade or so. But Lord, I have my issues. No question about it. And, and, and You know, my pastor would say all the time, there's no success without a successor. And so when I look at, You know, for me, all the brothers that are on the show, one of my proudest moments was when Michael Irving came last year. And the reason why it was proud, 'cause I love the playmaker. He and I are very, very tight. We brothers. And I know what his name brings and the stature that it holds. And so you are thinking that he comes and others are going to feel alienated.


But if you watched him when he was on the show with us, it was a brotherhood. Oh yeah. You see what I'm saying? He's a great man. And it was a brotherhood. So You know him because You know how great he is. Exactly. He loved Everybody. But, but it's like all of these all I mean, or Loki and RC and everybody and swagger, they, they wanted to be on the air with him. Right. And so my point is, is that that's how it's supposed to be. Yeah. It's like, wait a minute. The NFL constantly talks about what a brotherhood exists. Yeah. Well guess what? First Take is a platform for brotherhood. Right. So when Shannon comes on, yeah, you gonna be on the air with me. But guess what? Them brothers gonna slide up in there. Yes. Y'all need to be with each other. Yeah. You need to be next to each other.


You need to be, You know, verbally knocking somebody like me upside the head when I'm coming at y'all. Like, yeah, I'm not, I'm not doing journalist and I saw this, You know, You know what I'm saying? You're like, look At and y'all Like, look at this guy right here. You know what I'm saying? I mean, and, and, and we are laughing and having a blast. It's entertainment bro. But it's information. Right. Okay. It's perspective. Yes. It's serious stuff that needs to be addressed. It's the whole gamut. And think about it, we got the national airwaves for the worldwide leader available to us to disseminate and display our message, our belief, our culture, our perspectives, and put 'em all on display for everybody to see, to come back or to embrace.


Right. But the point is, at the end of the day, you ain't gonna feel alone. Right. You going be there and we going to be together. Why? Because I'm gonna have your back. That's why. And they going to have your back. And that's the way it's going to be. You Know what people ask Me, that's the way it's gonna be. When People ask me, Stephen, A it is like, bro, how do you say what you say? And then because she, you go to the game, you might be bumping into some of these guys. Right. So how do you handle that situation? I say if I see 'em out, I'll knock. They acknowledge me, I acknowledge 'em back. If they don't, I keep it moving, keep it Moving. I don't make it personal because I don't know these guys well enough to make it personal. Right. I'm talking about a given situation.


You didn't play good in the last night game. That's it. It doesn't diminish anything that you accomplished before last night. Right. It doesn't diminish anything that you might accomplish moving forward. Right. I'm talking about a specific set of events. Right. That happened last night. Right. How do you handle that, Steve? Because I know, see, most times they look at me, they do a double take. They're like, nah, I'm gonna let that go. That's right. They don't want that. They don't want, they don't want that smoke. They don't want that. They don't wanna approach You. Okay, cool. Let I go pretend like I don't see you, but with you I'm thinking it like, man, why you say that? Yeah. I, well first of all, I respect any of them who comes up to me man to man and confronts you. Yes. Because if you want to have a conversation, here's where I'm big on.


If I said something publicly and I'm wrong, I'm gonna correct it publicly. Thank you. I'm not gonna do something publicly and then apologize privately right now. If I'm wrong, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it publicly. I'm gonna man up. 'cause that's the kind of man that I am. That's how my mama, my mama raised me to be. The other thing that I'm gonna do. But if I'm right, I'm not budging, you ain't gonna scare me. You ain't gonna intimidate me. You ain't gonna phase me. Let's get it on. Like I tell people all the time, figuratively or otherwise, it's not about getting your ass kicked, it's about what you're willing to take an ass kicking for. You gotta be principled. Right. And you gotta be somebody that's willing to stand on something. Yes. And I'm the kind of person that's willing to stand on something. I'm not trying to get personal. I'm talking about your game.


Right. You ain't gonna listen. I've seen players do some stuff behind the scenes. Man, I'm walking outta a hotel room, whatever I see whatever. And I'm like this, it ain't illegal, nothing like that. But I'm just going like this. I don't know what you're talking about That keep it moving. Ain't none of my business. Ain't none of my business. Ain't none of my business. I mean, but when you shoot two for 20, oh that's my Business. That's my business. Wait when you Losing game? That's my business. When you stinking up the joint, that's my business. When you not showing up at practice, that's my business. When you sitting there bitching and whi and winding in the moaning about your money, but you ain't earning it. That's my business. Because that's your career Right. That you've decided to put on public display. Correct. That's the difference. But your personal business, man, I always got you covered on that.


Right. As long as You know, don't ask me to assist in breaking any laws or anything like that. 'cause I ain't gonna jail for your ass. Right. That ain't gonna happen. But outside of that, I mean, ain't none of my business. I keep it moving. Right. Football. Yeah. You love your team. I'm thinking you like all things New York Steelers, You The Steelers guy. I'm a Die House Steelers fan because the first thing, the first game I ever saw was the immaculate reception. Wow. When I was six years old. My dad, the, the Immaculate reception Frank O. Harris against the Raiders. And I fell in love with the black and gold ever since. Yeah. I've been, I still haven't given Neil O'Donnell for that interception. Threw the Larry Brown Super Bowl. I still am recovering from that. I still haven't given, given Ike Taylor, the giving up a damn touchdown pastor to Marius Thomas that Tebow threw, don't get me Started. That probably was the worst movie.


That might've been the worst moment of your own air career. That might've been the worst one. Stevie. Yo man, listen man, I had, oh my li oh my God. I I was with, I was with a girl I was dating at the time and You know, her fine self and everything and I I had my mind on other things. Yeah. And Tebow connected that pass. I collapsed face first on her living room rug and laid there for two hours. Didn't do nothing that night. Totally ruined my night. Yeah. Totally Ruined the, didn't even want to do nothing. I didn't want anything. It was, I was so damn depressed of all people.


And I love him dearly. He's my friend. But that non throwing Tim Tebow throw an 80 yard touchdown pad, I could not believe to save my life that that happened. And I, I I it I could recover that night, bro. I was depressed. But those two moments are my worst as a Steelers fan. So obviously if you are a Steelers fan, you have to hate the Cowboys. Of course. Because when the seventies, of course they always met in the Super Bowl. Yeah. And the Steelers always beat the that Right. That Right. Then Roger Star Bach and Drew Drew Hill. Tony Dorsett. Tony Dorsett, your ass outta here. He coming. He the Steelers took him out. Yes. Bradshaw, Swan Stalwart. Even Franco Harris.


Well, I really didn't like that much as a running back. Right. You understand? I like Rocky Bly more than I like Franco Harris. He was the fullback. Right. But the Steelers and the Steel curtain with Mean Joe Green, lc, Greenwood, Jack Lambert, Jack Ham, Mel Bluntly. I like, Lord, this is what it's all about. Yeah. Steel. Yes. I couldn't root for no New York teams. They ain't win any damn thing. They were terrible. The Seventies. They were terrible. They were terrible. They were Terrible. Terrible. So now you basketball, that's your thing. Yep. What's, what's Steven a's favorite sport? It's basketball. But I've grown to really, really love football. Be because football has been established as an event. So that's Sundays. You know what I'm saying? When you come to New York one time, I'm gonna bring you by the crib. I'm gonna bring you by, show you crib.


You know, understand what I'm saying? I got, I got the man cave. It's set up. Okay. It's set up now. You know, so, so We gonna watch the game together. Right. They're right, they're right. We can do that. We can do that with Ryan Clark, Marcus Spear. All they talk about come one time, one time. I just invite y'all over. I'm make sure I got some CAD food. Yeah. Because I know you can't cook. Hell no. Hell no. I cook some lasagna. Cook some steak. Man, don't nobody eat no lasagna. Hell Yes we do. Who They think I am? Garfield. You, you, you, you, you might not eat the lasagna. You know what I'm saying? Knowing you, you, you watching your carbs and stuff like that. But some of us going to eat it. But I will tell you this, it, I ain't cooking for a bunch of men. That ain't happening. But I'll tell you this. I tell you this right here. I tell you this right here, right now, You know you gonna go, football has established itself as an event. Yeah. But really the two things I love most is basketball.


And nothing beats a big time boxing event. Oh yeah. Yeah. Like when I was at Errol Spence, I was out There. I saw you. Right. It broke my, I picked Crawford to win. I ain't know he would win like that. Yeah. He beat him down. It broke my heart to see Errol Spence get whipped like that. Yeah. He got me back. It really, really did. I didn't see that coming. I might be at Canelo versus Char Charlo. Charlo. And, but see my problem is, is that Charlos moving up to weight classes. I'm scared for him Now he got mad skills and he got hard and he walks around looking like the bigger guy. But he ain't been in the ring with somebody that's punching him from 168 pounds.


Right. In a real fight. Right. And so that's my concern. His brother got some issues that he gotta resolve. That's what they say. But he's the natural super middleweight. Right. So he was the one who in my opinion, should have been fighting. Right. Charlo, I'm sorry Canelo rather than this guy. But those big time boxing events in Vegas, I mean, nothing beats it. I mean this, the spin fight was really big, but it's been a while since you had those. I remember going to the Mike Tyson and the Mayweather. Right. Where it was an event. You just, Mayweather qui. Yeah. Mayweather. Canelo Mayweather. Mayweather De La Hoya. Yes. That was a big event too. But I will tell you, nothing was really bigger than Mayweather.


Paa. We had waited so long. Yeah. And bro, we won. It was five years. Too late. Too late. But we didn't know until after the fight. Right. That it was five years too late. Right. You know what I'm saying? So leading up to the event, oh my God. It didn't get any bigger than that. But You know, the thing is, everybody that Mayweather fought, he made him look like it was five years too late. Right. And that's how the great, that's the greatness of him. Yes. Everybody that he fought, they like what? He beat sugar. He beat sugar. Sugar. Shane Moseley, hed beat Sugar. Shane. Mosley Shane caught him. Tony Shane caught him in the second round. Yeah. Almost heard him. Almost, almost dropped him. But you, you look at, you look at the champions that this man beat. Yep. And made them look mundane in beating them. Right. This concludes the first half of my conversation.


Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever PLA podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Sheha profile and I'll see you there.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill Bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali SU, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This Is an iHeart podcast.