
This is an iHeart podcast Taking over the helm of NBC Nightly News. A 75-year-old broadcast, it's a great responsibility. Good evening. I'm Tom Yamas. You have to go out there to bring people at home closer to the store. Wildfires continue to be a threat. With that massive hurricane comes the massive response. The best reporters in our business know how to listen. And when you listen, you get the truth for NBC News. For NBC News. For NBC News, I'm Tom Yamas. That's what we do every night. NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC. Have you ever brought your magic to Wal Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play.


Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially, step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you when we come through it's true magic because we came to play. Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort. Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sin back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it.


Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint. And it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. How you doing, Bro? I'm doing good. I woke up this morning. I was in my right mind. Blood was running warm in my veins. I had use of my limbs. I was able to put my feet on the floor. A lot of people had an appointment. They couldn't reschedule What they say from where we from. We on this side of the dirt. Yeah, that was the first thing I wanted to say before we say anything, bro, is check in with you. All my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle.


Paid the price, won a slice. Got the bro dice the swat. All my life. I be grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice. Slice. Hello. Welcome to another episode of Club Shesha. I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the proud of Club Shesha. Stopping by for conversation on a drink. Today is one of hip hop's most multidimensional figures. He's a Grammy Grammy nominated rapper, award-winning, songwriter and multi-platinum artist, versatile producer. He's the first rapper inducted into the Mississippi Musician Hall of Fame.


He's evolved from a rapper into a dynamic force behind the scenes. He's CEO of Banner Vision, who created campaigns for Gatorade, Disney, Marvel, Gillette, and Pepsi. A multi-talented actor, activist, philanthropist, entrepreneur, entertainer and public speaker and advocate for humanity. A cultural thought leader, an outspoken commentator on social issues, an industry veteran for over quarter century. He uses his voice and influence to push the boundaries and spark meaningful change. One of the major forces behind the Dirty South rap. Breakthrough in mainstream music in the early two thousands from the mi crooked letter. Crooked letter. I crooked letter crook letter. Huh?


Humpback. Humpback. Yep. I, here he is. Yours Truly. David. Banner Blessing. Shannon. Yes. How you doing, Bro? I'm doing good, honestly. Like, like No, You know what? I woke up this morning. I was in my right mind. Blood was running warm in my veins. I had use of my limbs. I was able to put my feet on the floor because a lot of people had an appointment they couldn't reschedule. Yep. What they say from where we from? We on this side of the dirt. Yeah. That was the first thing I wanted to say before we said anything, bro. Is check in with you. Yeah. Like I need you to understand something, bro. When you decided that you were gonna talk, like you talk, be intelligent.


Yeah. Make sure that You know everything. I, I watched how you researched, I watched how it meant something to you. 'cause I remember as an actor, You know, one of the first things they told me to do is to crush my southern accent or I was gonna be typecast. I remember that bro. Yeah. And for you to decide, make a conscious decision that you gonna speak like you bro, and you brought 'em to you. Yeah. That meant a lot. And we have to be careful, bro. Sometimes we will allow them to turn our blessings into a jail cell. Yeah. Like, bro, that's, You know, I watched when you talked about bro not having no running water in the crib, bro.


People don't even understand where we come from. Right. In the environments that our grandparents lived and our mothers lived under, bro. You know, and for you to break generational curses, bro, I want you to understand that regardless of what, what they decide to try to do, bro, you own yourself. I do. You a maid man. So like, one of the things that I think that we do is we become so judgemental of each other. We do. And forget that we're human beings, bro. I talked about recently people were really interested in this conversation about how, and I'm not talking about Whether he was right or wrong or not.


That's not for me to judge, that's for the, that's for God to judge. But like how media did Chris Brown when he was a child, right? He was a kid. People forgot he wasn't even 21 at the time. And we, because we are so vested in these people's Fame, in their money, we forget what God say. We forget about being human beings. And we pray for forgiveness every, can I cuss y'all every freaking day of our life? But we are the most judgmental people on this planet, right? So bro, like I really, really wanted to know just how you doing. I think the thing is, a lot of time it happens. What happens is, is that we ask for forgiveness, but we're the least forgiving.


And I think that's the biggest issue right there. And we don't forgive ourselves. No, No. We, and, and, and sometimes we, we end up putting ourselves in jail for perpetuity, even though at the smallest mistakes, realizing that at the end of the day, we're human and we're going to air. Yeah. And, and I, yeah. But I, I think the thing for me is that, is that I, I do realize how fortunate I am. I do realize how blessed that I am. And I do realize where I came from and how, how I, how long it took me to get here. And I'm very thankful. I'm very appreciative of the people. 'cause a lot of people had the sacrifice in order for Shannon to be where Shannon is. And I never forgot that. You know what I think that, that your followers should do right now? And I think they should sit back and be honored and blessed that this much chocolate is on their camera right now.


Just look, take this in right now because Shannon, I'm in that gym not quite as much as you're Yeah. I'm in that. Yeah, I see, I see you. That's, that's what Jordan, my, my, my social media guy, my guy, my picture guy, he was like, man, okay, I see you've been in the gym hitting them shoulders, huh. Bro, lemme tell you something, dog, man. I'm so thankful, bro. You had Ali s on here. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's One of my, that's one of my partners, bro. Yeah. He's, he's amazing bro. Matter Of fact, I saw him, he, it shocked you when you asked him a question and he said, David Banner. Yeah. And you, you was like, oh, like Ali was one of the, one of the people that that taught me, man, that if we really about what we say we are about spiritually, we make some people uncomfortable.


Right. There's certain spaces that are not for us. And sometimes we ba we have to be careful. I had to learn this bro. I just came out like a major depression bro. And I think, I can't say what God was trying to show me, man, but I think God was trying to tell me that even the things that I think are good still don't come before him, her or it. Oh, you understand what I'm saying? Right? Yes. So I thought fighting for black people, I thought being a good person, I thought all of those things. Even think about David in the Bible, people don't know that Psalms is a song versus from a song. And that as much as people talk about it, if you took away the fact that God said that, that was his man, if you look at David, he was a gangster rapper.


No, really, I'm serious. And the only reason why Christians hoop and holler about David is because God said, that's my man. But if you took that away Right. You would treat him like you used to treat David Banner and how they trying to treat you. So just like, just as men, bro. Like regardless, it ain't my, it ain't my place bro. But I wanted to do a check on you. Good. Because most people don't. Right. And most people really don't care, bro. Right. Yeah. Well bless it bro. Everything that you've accomplished Yeah. All that you're doing and what you'll continue to accomplish. Thank you Jill. Bless you. I appreciate it, man. I appreciate it, bro. Thank you. Thank you for having me in your space, bro.


Thanks for coming. How have you been? Mm, Bro. I'm better than I ever been in my life, bro. To be honest with you, man, it's, it's so funny man, because the kids call try to call me OG and I, and I'm serious bro. With the exception of speed, I'm stronger than I ever been. Right. I'm smarter, wiser, jamming, rapping better than I ever had. I'm definitely a better actor. And what people don't understand is my life is just starting. Bro, look at what you were able to accrue after football. Yes. And think about this, bro. Like sometimes the things that we thought that we wanted, God didn't give it to us.


'cause he knew it would be a nightmare. Correct. Bro, you've done so much more after football. Yeah, bro. I'm doing so much more. Like once people, once it catches up what I'm doing right now, bro. Pe I didn't even dream it bro. Right? No, I definitely didn't see this aspect Of it. Yeah, bro. Like I'm, I'm about to be a superhero bro. Right. I play a guide in a movie that's about to come out, bro. And that's the reason why now, man, I've stopped asking why, and I ask what, like what is it for? Mm. Like what is it for? It's a reason because I know I'm chosen. So if I'm chosen, bro, like we gotta stop doubting.


Like there's a reason for everything that we ever going through, bro. You know, when you get in that gym, bro, that rep don't start until you feel the pain. So when you feel the pain, okay, now it's time to really get to work. So now you gotta get back to work 'cause it was getting easy for you. Yeah, I know how it is. We get spoiled. We spoiled children, bro. Yeah. So it started getting easy. Now, okay, I'm back where I'm comfortable. You feel what I'm saying? I'm comfortable. I'm built for this bro. And so, man, like I'm, I'm so fortunate man, because bro, the stuff that I'm doing now, man, like, it, it, it, I don't wanna say it scares me 'cause I, I, I knew it, I saw it, but it's like, bro, I'm from Mississippi.


Yeah. And God placed me in that place for a reason to be able to rep in a way, bro. That Farrakhan once told me one time, bro, it shook me man. He said that if you can put any type of dent, dent in racism, being from Mississippi, you can be a beacon of hope for people in places. And I'm paraphrasing, it's, You know, it's hard to speak for a man that powerful, but, but everything is starting to make sense to me. And I think it'll start making sense to you in a minute, bro. Yeah. Yeah. I you mentioned you're from Jackson, Mississippi. Yes. Now Jackson, Mississippi is not New York, it's not Chicago, it's not la it's not one of those big cities.


So it's interesting, I I would like to hear what was your upbringing? Were you like, I mean I know Jackson is, is the capital and so were you on a farm? Were you in the, the rural area? What was growing? What was David Banner's childhood Like? So this is the craziest thing, bro. I always wanted to be a city boy my whole life. And then I moved from Jackson, Mississippi. Huh? Then I moved to the city and was like, no, we had it already. Okay dog that love, that good food, that space. But I, I realized man, that I had already been blessed. And that's the reason why it's important for you to have purpose in life. 'cause sometimes God is, God has already blessed you.


I spoke at the Way Maker's conference and I was telling the young kid, like we had walked by and I can tell he didn't know who we were 'cause he was so young. And I was like, come here bro. And I said, bro, you don't know who you, you don't never know who you talking to be kind to everyone. Absolutely. And I think that's what us being from the country, Georgia and Mississippi taught us, bro. Like the real truth is before conventional religion, we believe that God is in everything. Even if you going to hunt, you gotta pray over that body before you kill it. Before you eat it. And I think money has blinded us to those things that our grandparents taught us, bro.


Like I I I remember seeing that in you bro, when you first started, bro. It was, it was a, of course there was competitiveness 'cause that was your job, bro. They, they build these almost mechanical machines and try to act like that doesn't bleed over in the real life. And they know better than that. Correct. That's why so many football players have problems after the game. 'cause they don't know where to put that. 'cause you warriors, right? So like for me being from Mississippi, man, I, I grew up man rap actually changed my life. Like Jackson was real loud, the murder capital of the United States, bro.


When, when stuff was hard for me, bro, that was why my friends didn't understand. I didn't listen to the same kind of music other people listened to. Imagine being in Mississippi, I would roll up to the club playing the prices. Right. Ba ba ba. They was like that nigga grow Crazy. Yeah. But I always wanted to escape. And so what football did for you? Like music did for me. But the problem was with me is like, once I made it, I realized it wasn't what we thought it was. Like all that, all that shit is a, is a lie. It's a business bro. And it hit me hard because I really, really loved music.


My little homeboys would always say, man, like you act, you act like rapper girl. Like it broke your heart or something bro. And what I think that we can do, Shannon, that's different is that if we really want it to be true, and this is the power that God gave to us, all you have to do to make the music industry fair is we can sign kids and give them what they deserve. We talk about DEI all the time, bro. Apparently them people don't like us. Apparently they don't want us around. Then why don't we employ our own people? 'cause one thing, one, I don't have many problems with my peers, but the problem that I do have with my peers is we accrue all of this money and we'll buy fancy clothes and jewelry and stuff, but we won't invest in ourselves.


We talk about investing in all these corporations, bro, I invest in me. Right? Bro, I made enough money, Shannon, in my life to live three generations, bro. But the reason why I don't have the money that I probably deserve and my family probably deserve. 'cause I've always put my money back into me, back into my community, things that I stand for and people say I'm crazy for that, bro. But like, I real, real, real live love black people in all forms of us, bro, because I study history. I know why we act the way that we act. I'm not surprised, but I am grateful, bro, that we come from where we come and to be able to sit here no matter how much pain we been through and find a way to look at each other and smile and I'm drinking your shit and enjoying it.


That's a blessing Dog. It absolutely is. You said something very interesting. You said you always wanted to be a rapper and when you got there it wasn't what you thought it was. I've always wanted to be a professional football player and I'm not necessarily, and I didn't, it wasn't because I thought it was this glamorous position, I mean a glamor job because it was, I wanted to be it because I thought it what it would do helped me do for my family. That's all I've ever wanted to do. Can I pause you For a second? Yes. And brought love to reverence that you have for your brother. Appreciate that though. People need to see that, that is so important, Shannon. Yeah. And like, bro, I know sometimes man, like we, sometimes we, we get disillusioned and we forget that most of the stuff that we shoot for now, we didn't even know that it was possible.


Yeah, absolutely bro. The reverence that you give for your, like I I've studied you. That's, that's the thing about you is because bro, all the rest of that stuff and all them other people that I see in your position, I don't know them. Right. I know where you from bro. I, I know the pain that you been through, right or wrong. Right. I don't agree with everything you say everything that you do. But I do know you a country dark-skinned man from very similar situations that I come from. Yep. So that other shit to other talking about, I don't know about that. Right. I know about what you come from bro. So your reverence for your brother, bro. Right. Always respected that and he needed too. Yeah. Because of injuries, bro.


He wasn't able bro, he was a maniac dog. Right? And so he may not tell you this bro, but, but bro, when you feed back into him, bro, that gives him life and he's actually able to live through your ability to continue, bro. Well that was our whole thing growing up. And I don't know him, I can't speak for him, but I'm just Saying No, but when we growing up after my grandfather died, he was the dominant male figure in my life, even though he was only three years older. And so the, the relationship that we have is that it's more of a father figure than a brother figure. My sister, she's eight years older, it's more of a mother because she taught me all the things that a mother probably would, would, would've done.


And so, You know, help me with my homework, sign my report card, You know, get me, help me get, take a bath and get me dressed for school. When I was, when I was at that at a, at a age that I couldn't really do it for myself. And so we've always, we've always been close. I remember my grandfa, my grandmother used to always say boy, she'd say, son, teeth and tongue may fall out, but you and your brother and your sister, y'all should never fall out. Damn. And I, and I, hold on, hold On. That's a bar. Let that sit there for a minute. That's the, that's the shit we need. Right? Ugh. And and it, it wasn't and as I I, at the time that she said it, I didn't understand. And what she meant, she say, son, if your teeth bite your tongue, your tongue get mad at your teeth on it and you like, dang, she say they might fall out with each other.


She say, but y'all don't. And we're not perfect. My brother said some things, done, some things I didn't like. I've done some things. I promise you my sister's the same way. But through everything good, bad, up, down, indifferent, I can always pick up the phone and call Buck. I can always pick up the phone and call my brother Spike. And no matter what, no matter what, we had a conversation and I'm sharing this with you for the first time and I apologized for what was going on and I said, bro, this your day. Yeah. I say Now if this is gonna cause you, I said, 'cause I don't, I don't want it to be about me.


I say, man, I prayed so many nights for this day to come spank. He said, bro, look here. He said, I know you as as much as you as well as You know yourself. He said, I'm your older brother. He says, nobody is ever gonna be more proud of you than I am. Yeah. I would want, I don't want anyone else to be my presenter other than you. Yeah. I want you to stand up on that stage. I want you to look at that, to that crowd. I want you to look at our families that's down there and how proud they are of us. He said, don't you ever, ever let your chin touch your chest.


That's what I'm trying to tell you. And I ain't even your brother dog. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Like, don't worry about it bro. Like honestly man, like whatever this, this disa whatever I may disagree with you about or may not like, like we can talk about that as me later on. Right. But like for us to, to have some type of united front bro. That's important bro. And I'm doing this on purpose in front of the camera because we don't, bro, I honestly, bro, I didn't learn to talk man. My mentor just taught me, bro, like where I'm from, you don't, you don't talk to nobody bro. Right. I didn't know, I didn't talk to my friends about shit where I was.


I was taught in the streets, bro, you don't show no witness to nobody. Right bro. And so my mentor, my mentor David Moody, he asked me, he was like, bro, do you talk to your friends? Like you talk to me? And I was like, no sir. And bro, I've been holding this shit my whole life. You, because you gotta, I I think the thing is David, that we gotta be careful 'cause I'm, I'm a firm believer. My grandfather used to say, boy, you gotta be careful what you tell people. He say, well once people find out what make you tick, they'll wind you up and make you tick when you, they want you to instead of when you need To. But that's only, that's only because the environment that our, our grandparents were built. Yes. But the real truth is if we can't talk to our friends, then they not our friends.


True. It shouldn't be around us bro. We make enough money to have yes people around us. We don't but real friends, you need to be able to, and I, and I mean this and I know how media is so I have to watch what I say. You got, you should be able to get naked in front of your people. My mentor taught me something bro. I'm serious bro. I never thought about this in my life, bro. He said, I don't, he said I don't do business with men that cheat on their wives. And I said, huh? He said, if the person that you sleep with can't trust you, I damn sure can't. And I never thought about that. If I can't talk to my best friends, like this is the first thing I ever asked my friend coming from the streets.


And it's funny bro, I just talked to Matt Barnes about this bro, because I'm so proud of that boy man or that young man that that man, excuse me, we proud about the same age. I'm so proud of him man. And I could tell that we deal with the same struggles. So I talked to him, I was like Bro man, I'm so proud of you. I watch, I don't even know you like that but I watched you grow up. And I told him, man, I was like man, like I didn't saw so much violent stuff. I didn't understand why am I having anxiety about this weak shit that I'm going through now. You know what I'm saying?


But my therapist taught me that the human brain and God built us and loved us so much that the human brain hides you from certain stuff until you get comfortable enough or old enough. And now that we got some bread, okay, deal with that shit that happened to you when you were nine oh oh shit. That's why I'm freaking out. Hey good drivers. Yeah, we're talking to you. The ones who don't speed, the ones who avoid those fender benders and who always use their turn signal. Congratulations. You are a better driver. And that means you could get better rates with route insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits.


You know, like the ones who cut you off just to slam on their brakes or the lead foot speeding to work every day with Route Insurance. You'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the route app Drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's route Insurance Terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for tells.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen.


Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide. And hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Oh okay, I get it now. And when you were playing football, you are a different type of animal. When I was really in rap in the middle of that shit, I was a different type of animal.


Now I actually care. And enough therapy has taught me that I really do care about people. I thought I was the hardest walking on the streets. I did. I was not the David Banner. Now as trained as I am, excuse my French, I would the young maniac, loud talking person that I was. Because people that run they mouth and talk loud, they don't no shit. You ain't never in your life so an angry kung fu master have you? No. All you gotta do is cut you and literally cut your throat. So all you gotta do, you ain't gotta get mad about it. Mad is a lack of information.


If you are the greatest, you ain't never gotta get mad at nobody. I knock you out fool. You know what I'm saying? So for me man, like the older that I get, bro, I think that we can use this, these mediums bro, as a way to release each other bro. Like I really want you to know that it's okay, however this shit go bro. You've already won. Right? Like we, we are the underdogs bro. The continent underdog. If we don't get another dollar, another view, it's a blessing that God made us, gave us the vision to see further and to want more. But Bruce Lee said something that was so powerful. He said the goals are only a north star to keep you moving.


They're not always things that you are supposed to accomplish, but we gotta keep moving or you die. Right? Yeah. So growing up, so was rap, did you play sports in high school? Did you I do. Did you play sports growing up? Did you ever want to be an athlete? Did you always want, was rap the only thing that was on your mind? So what were you gonna do to get out? Because I know Jackson, Mississippi, you grew up, born in Jackson, grew up in Jackson. That wasn't gonna be your final resting Place. I never, I never said this before, but people used to laugh at me 'cause I was a rapper. Some of the same people that asked for record deals now I remember them laughing at me. Yeah. But it was like, why you trying to do that New York shit?


My folks laughed at me bro. Mm. And I, my uncle came from the north bro and for some reason he wanted to be a, he wanted to be a blues dj. I didn't even know that was a thing. Right bro. He gave me all of his rap rap records. Wow. I remember the first record was Rock Leste from Stet Su. What You know about Stet? I just told you. Yeah. I just told you. Just say Stet. Yeah. Tila Rock. Oh man. Dsy. Now you going back Mantronics. I'm telling you. And I was a little, little kid.


Yeah bro. Imagine getting this type of information bro. But what people don't know bro, is that we were battle rapping in Mississippi. That's how powerful hip hop wasn at the time man. And he gave me all these records bro. And it helped me to escape. Hip hop had always been like, bro, I, I listened to, I related more to You know, groups like hieroglyphics Bro and Soul's a mischief 'cause the dope Dylan, the violence, my friend Chucky was the first person to die from gang violence in Jackson, Mississippi.


He was older than me. We used to go to what y'all call Circle K. It used to be stop and go back in the day. Okay. So it was this game that was the a rip off of Pacman was Ladybug. Like I would go down and we would play Ladybug man and as old as he was. Because what people don't know is that the people who were affected the most by gangs was dance groups. 'cause they were already in a group. No different than fraternities. I think that's what Jim Jones was trying to explain to people. Bro, football is a fraternity. Absolutely. Like bro, basketball is, rap is a fraternity. Yeah. We just not as organized.


Correct. You know what I'm saying? Like that's what we should might as well just go ahead and say it and get organized and made it move. And Chucky was, Chucky was the first dude to ever die, bro. So it affected me in a way. And what I, what happened was, bro, is that I loved rap so much because it was always my escape from my reality. But what it also did is, think about this bro. This is gonna freak you out bro. I stopped eating pork in Mississippi and You know how we Feel how when you, we started eat pork. 11th grade. 11th grade in Mississippi. So I hadn't been eating pork longer Than most before. No, no pig Tails, no nothing.


No bacon, no nothing. No sausage. No. See that's the reason why people listen to me Shannon chilies because I tell people I never ate. Oh okay. Hog mo. No. Oh okay. But lemme tell you this. Listen this is this, this is the reason why I think kids listen to me bro. I would swim in pork if I could. That shit tastes good. Act like the shit don't taste good For real. But what I tell people this and be honest with you, listen to me when I say this, y'all would you eat red if it tastes good? You probably would. Shannon, I look at your big ass. You pro sha don't hold on. Take a drink first. Sha you probably your big ass. He he out your big ass probably would I home grandma?


You, you decide that. Yeah. The only reason why I'm saying that is 'cause a rats died is better than the pigs. Yeah. The pig will literally eat your ass. So with a chicken, that's what the vibe you eat chicken. Yes. Ain't nothing nasty than the chicken. You right. I grew up on a farm. That's what I'm saying. Okay. And you eat that though. Hold on. But Lemme tell you. But lemme, there's a difference there. Okay. The thing that I realized though, bro, is that, is that as I got older, bro, that hip hop actually taught me something bro. Like I stopped eating because of brand Nubia. You know, I tell Sadat at the time his name was Sadat X, Derek X at the time.


Like bro, it was the reason why I stopped eating pork. And then bro, from that I read Malcolm X Autobi. Bro, it changed my whole entire life. And I, and then from the broader files, I actually stole that book from my cousin. This is a story that I'm, I'm actually, and I don't, I'm not gonna go too far into it, but the lead singer from House of Pay, he Ended up Buying two of my God boxes. I put out my last project that I put out, some people said it was the greatest marketing so-called, they call it marketing schemes. But he ended up buying two of those God boxes because his sister got pregnant by a black dude.


So his children, I mean his nephews are black and he bought them God boxes because he said I don't know nothing about being black, but I do trust David Banner. Wow. What's funny is how I became conscious because my cousin stole the remix, the Pete Rock remix of jump around from me. And since he stole my CD at the time I stole that book, I read that book from Chicago to Mississippi and it changed the whole course of my life. And that's why I'm David Banner, how Did you, so when you tell your mom, you tell your dad or your grandparents that I ain't eating pork no more because You know, bacon and all that stuff.


It's, and the food is hard to Get in the south. Let's be clear. I know where you're going. Go ahead. Say It Shannon. They ain't bringing no shoulder. You know you ain't getting no the best, first of all, you not getting the best cups of meat on the pig anyway. Right. So you getting the scraps and, and a cow mercy. I don't even think I had hamburger. You get ground hamburger but you not getting No, no, no sir lawn, you ain't getting no rib buy, no none of that. So how did you make, how did you like your, your parents and your grandparents? Like I ain't eating pork no more. Lemme, Lemme show you something powerful. And I didn't realize this bro until three years ago. Okay. Watch this. My parents actually stopped eating pork 'cause of me. Huh? They, they, they were on my ass at first 'cause they thought it was just a fad.


But I think they knew what I was saying was true. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And I didn't notice that my parents didn't start back eating pork until a year after I left school. But sometimes man, our parents in the south and I was just telling the young man this today that our parents work they ass off so we could be smarter than them. Absolutely. Sometimes we get frustrated at our parents because they don't understand what we understand. But there's no way for them to understand. No, all they could do is work. Right. So we could be smart or so we can be the best football player in the World. Right. They were never exposed to what we're being, being exposed to. Right. And so I think like this is something personal bro.


Like my mother started going to church 'cause of me. Wow. She's like, there's no, there's no way that my child is going to church and I'm not going to church. Wow. And so I ended up telling my mom later on, like, you trusted me when I was 16. Just consider what I'm telling you now. 'cause if you followed me then like, I'm not asking you to believe in what I believe in now, but just consider me that. And then I had to learn that they worked hard so they wouldn't have to consider us bro. And so like back in Mississippi as far as eating pork and all of that kind of stuff, man. Like the fact that they gave me the opportunity 'cause they had to eat what they had to eat. It wasn't no fucking choices for Yeah.


So for me to even have that is a blessing and I'm grateful for It. Yeah. I I don't know if the fifties and sixties being vegan wasn't an option for a black person. But, But, but, but but on the other side we were gr Go ahead. No go. No, we were green. Oh, that's hilarious. Okay. Oh, I'm, oh I'm greasy. Just say it dog. It's okay bro. Know we already got the ratings and stuff. Just say I'm greasy bro. Oh, I actually usually need lotion. No, come on. Do it now. We, we we done broke the third wall. Let's do it. Yeah. One thing I want y'all to take us take into consideration though is we country you just rubbed gre rubbed it in.


Yeah. Rubbed it. See that used to be the thing You want to be g greasy boy, I tell you want, I don't think that's ever happened on them Shannon Sharp show before. But they No, but what I was saying was, bro, is that for us to be in a position bro, to even be able to do it, Shannon and I want you to think about this off camera bro. Like, bro, it ain't no, it ain't no losing for us bro. Like my, my parents couldn't consider not eating pork. And one thing that people don't talk about, it was a little bit different 'cause the pig was actually a part of the family. We went and got our pig from the backyard.


I'm dead serious. Yeah, you raised it so We know what that pig was eating. Yeah. I I I don't eat fish bro. But I had a catfish farm when they, that MTV cribs that everybody says one like dude I had catfish and I fed them so my catfish you could literally see through their skin because I didn't feed my catfish bullshit. I fed 'em like I fed the dog. Right. So when we ate, when you ate the pig in Mississippi and Georgia, it was almost like eating your fourth or fifth cousin Like the pig. Because I know how, I know how meat is. They'll cut that up and say that I was eating. Yeah. Yeah. It was like they're like pets. Yeah because you fed 'em out your hands.


I mean you saw like, okay, yeah that's the one that's gonna be, You know, come Christmas time. That's the one that's gonna be, You know. But lemme ask you this Dave. What is, what do you think the number one thing that you learned from your parents? What's the, what's the the number one teaching that? Like when you going through something or you're somewhere and you sit back and think and you're like my mom, my dad said, I'm gonna give you a great one. She is. When I was one of the top producers in the world, I was out in Vegas producing for arguably one of the biggest artists on this planet. And the artist came in and bro, this is before I was the conscious, super conscious David Banner.


This is before I was polished. I was straight off the streets and I would jump in your ass quick. Right. This is when a lot of people don't know this. I was on the terrorist list before it was a thing. Damn. Because Universal didn't pay me my money and I kicked open 12 doors and Ain't have money behind none of 'em. Huh? Yeah, it didn't. But but I played into that game. My anger played into that game. Yeah. Because they owed me that money and what people didn't know, bro, I didn't sign the Universal until way after like a pimp that came out. 'cause I had told 'em folks and I don't think white folks was used to this 'cause they were so used to black people being money hungry. I said, y'all already put my record out.


I ain't gotta sign shit. You owe me. 'cause I knew I could sue them. I've always been smart. So I said, what you do is get my contract right. I'll go on this tour, don't trip, but have my money. So I had become this $10 million David Banner and my mother was in Mississippi, bro struggling dog. It no way that don't make sense then I'm making millions for you and my mama can't eat. I'll hurt you. Okay. Lemme get back to the, the story. So what I learned from my dad trying to be more upbeat. My dad told me this. Shannon and I live by this to this day, man, it changed my life.


The artist walked in said, I just came from gambling and I was playing a beat that was for somebody else. And this artist was like, who is that? Who the fuck? And I was like, yeah, it is not for sale for you. It's not for sale. Right. And a person flipped me a $10,000 chip. Now, number one, I'm from Mississippi. I ain't never seen no $10,000 chip. Right. I've been gambling half my life. Right. But negro, you don't throw nothing at me. We not used to that shit. I almost lost it. And I called my dad, I left, I walked, I walked outside the studio and called my dad.


I said, dad some, I didn't even tell him the story, right. He said, what's wrong? I said, I, I said, dad, I was shaking. I was so mad. I I was like, dad, he says, stop. How do you feel? I said, dad, I don't feel good at all. He said, Packy shouldn't leave. I said, dad, I'm about to make six figures. He said, I don't give a pack your shit. He said, I'd rather you work in the post office and be a $70 man than be a million dollar woman with an invisible skirt on.


Bam. I never, never, never forgot that, bro. You can walk around looking like a man, but have an invisible skirt on. He said, pack your shit. I'd rather you be back in Mississippi in the mail room and be a man that I can look at. So The guy thought he could flip you that, that $10,000 chip and get the beat. I mean, so what was what The, the thing was is it is regardless man, I think sometimes that we get into this industry and forget that we still human beings. And that's something that I don't wanna lose. Shannon, I'm gonna tell you something. I ain't never told nobody. Look at my hands. Yeah bro. I I don't wear gloves in the gym. Yeah, you Do hard. Yeah, I can see the callouses already built up. I wear gloves. Why? Well that ain't, but we got different, we got different things.


But, but literally, bro, like I said, I as much money as I make, I never wanna lose the fact that I come from a working man's background. Background. Okay. I honestly though Shannon, man, my, my dad taught me that is like, there's certain things that we never wanna lose. And bro, like I don't know what you're going through. Again, I really felt like, bro, it's part of my, my purpose as a person, bro, you come from the south, you come from certain things that bro it gotta be born into. You just always remember those things bro. That's the reason why you here. It ain't nothing like that shit bro. Bro. Ain't nothing like our grandparents and our grandparents are dead now, bro.


Oh yeah, for sure. That's one thing that I wanted to start a business where we go and get all of our aunties and cousins, all of those quilts bro. You know what I'm saying? Those homemade biscuits bro. Like the stuff that white people are making millions white folks making millions of dollars off chitlins. Bro, we weren't supposed to be eating no chitlins, but we didn't have no, we had to turn it into a delicacy. The New the new Chi knives oxtails. Boy I tell you, they killing them folks in New York, bro. I'm telling you the Jamaicans mad as They was like, damn, damn we coulda did That shit down. What the Yep. You feel me? Yep. But like, that's what I'm saying, like Shannon bro, like it's, it's, it's in us bro. And I know for a fact man with a AI and all of this technology, the one thing you can't fake is authenticity.


That was the reason why them folks jumped on you. It's more country folks than it is city folks. Dog always remember that. Like it's more of us, it's more struggling people. That's the reason why the blues and black music resonates so well. The only thing that makes us relatable is all of us are going to die. So pain is the only common denominator with all human beings on this earth, bro. That's what makes us special. Wow. I saw the viral video where you saw your, the dad told you say son dos what? You know, you smiling and your dad called you and said, what you smiling for? Stop smiling. Did you understand? Did you understand at the time why he didn't want you to smile?


I didn't. But what I do, I don't hate, I I, what I do hate is I don't like people talking about my dad. Like, I wish I would've explained it a little bit better and this gives me the opportunity. Yeah. What happened was, is my dad knew that he had to raise a certain type of man, especially in the south. Correct. Like my dad told me this story once. Do You know one of the reasons why southern people beat their children so violently? Because in the south at one time, by law, if you raised up to a white person, they could kill you. Absolutely. So what they did was break you so that when they beat, if somebody beat you while you was in, in town with them white folks, they wouldn't kill you.


So they got you used to being beat. Do You know how much that would hurt a parent to have to beat their child up And the child doesn't deserve that. That's what I'm saying, man. Like when people judge black people, there's a reason there's a story. That's why our movies and our music, we gotta get outta commercialism bro. And we gotta get back to telling these stories of why when they see black people and they see us mad and they see us do certain things, bro, we been conditioned to be this way bro. I'm on this really big tour and yeah, I'm talking about it. People, a lot of people get scared of me bro, because I tell the truth man. Like I'm, I'm on this big tour and the sponsors are coming at me because I told 'em white folks, I said, I said, your grandparents taught you how to be racist, You know, and it's, I said, I don't need you.


I don't need no white savior. What I need you to do is for you to check your racist uncle, the people who You know that saying the word nigga, the people that make you feel uncomfortable. 'cause you love my music so I know, You know, better go back and check your grandfather, your mother, your cousins, your sisters, your uncles. That's the reason why like when we become judgmental or some black, black people, You know your uncle sold dope. Why you treating somebody else kid like that? 'cause they selling dope. You know, your uncle sold dope out your grandmama house, nigga. Stop that. We become other people because we trying to impress folks. Bro, I don't ever want to do that, Shannon.


I don't, I don't ever, I wanna give the message, I wanna give God's message. Right. It's God's responsibility to judge you. Now if you do something to me, I'm gonna have to get your ass off of it. You funny that you said that. Yeah. You said that people judge, my grandfather said that very same thing. He said, boy, if you're not careful, you'll become the very thing you despise the most of the person. If you hate a liar, if you're not careful, you'll become one. Whoa. If you hate a thief, you'll become one. Well write A book. D and I I no, I'm dead serious. That shit, that's simple shit. Is that not Barnes though? Look at everybody every time you say some shit. My sister like Shannon. No, I, but I-I-I-I-I swore to my sister. I would never, 'cause everybody have always said that.


But You know, at the time that No, but no, don't finish that though. You told your sister that you were I told my my sister because everybody, everybody tell my sister. They say Shannon always saying things that your grandfather, your grandmother, like, You know, miss Mary, Mr. Barney would tell I was a kid. I was eight years old when my grandfather passed. But I can tell you everything he's ever said in my presence. I was 43 when my grandmother passed. And I can tell you every time she'd been upset at me and I hung on everything that they said. They didn't know it at the time, but I, I, I worship, I idolized, I didn't know idolatry, You know, you were exposed to do that. But for them to take, raise their nine kid and then take my mom's three and love them more than they did their own. So I hung on everything they said.


But I always told my sister and she said, Shannon, please don't, I told my sister I wouldn't because I part of me walked That You wouldn't what though? I wouldn't write a book. Why not? I wouldn't write a book. But why not? But listen, listen, listen, listen, listen. There are some things that she probably you sh she still alive. Yeah. But super talk to her. I'm only telling you to, to give the wisdom. Yeah. Because I know, I know from where we from. Oh Yeah. We got, yeah. Oh bro. But I will tell you this though bro, there are certain things that happen in the south that I don't think that we should talk about on camera. But we definitely gotta get in the room and talk about be, because that's the reason why we keep malfunctioning.


Because we won't talk about those things. And I say that with white folks. We gotta have those young white people who really want to make this a better place. This America that y'all say that y'all want, we gotta have some uncomfortable conversations. And that's what I didn't finish the last statement. That's the thing that people don't understand about our music is people want our music, they want the blues, they want the rap, but they don't want the pain and the responsibility that comes along with it. That's what the blues is. Yeah. That the people was talking about the pain and the hurt that they had experienced. But I read this and, and this, this brought back so many memories. 'cause my grandfather had one, the bull whip actually See my dad got beat with a bull whip.


My grandfather called it a Flo Pack Whip. Yeah. Or Coach Whip. Yeah. And people don't understand. I mean you see the cowboys and they'll, That shit look funny. Yeah, yeah. It ain't, it is not much on this earth. That hurts worse than a bull. Yeah. And that was one of the things that made me and my dad closer once I un like I thought my dad was the meanest person on this planet. I really did. I didn't like my dad, bro, until I was 23. I didn't like that. And I thought he was so hard on me, but in comparison to what he went through. Yeah. He was soft on me. So in his head he thought, yeah he was and he actually was.


But see, people can't register. Like all the slave movies that you Think you saw, slavery wasn't nothing like that. It was 30 times worse. Worse than any movie that you ever seen. Yeah. And we've never had therapy Shannon. No. And that trauma just got passed down through generations. It did. And so man, for us to even be here to, and You know that from an epigenetic standpoint, bro, we still suffer from what our great-great-grandparents, the stuff that Jewish people have gone through, native Americans have gone through, black people have gone through, bro. That stuff. We still clicking bro. We still tripping. My, it's funny, my mom said it.


My mom said that she don't want me to drink. She said because I was drunk when you were born. She says so much alcohol in my blood from my family. I don't need to take one drink. Sorry mom. I'm good at everything else. But were you good student? Were You good in school? Okay. That's that's a strange question. I'll tell you why. Honestly, I was near a genius growing up. Really? Yeah. You gonna laugh at this Shannon, but it's the truth. People talk about how smart I am now.


I'm just catching up to where I was when I was in kindergarten. I ain't really never had to work hard like this ain't shit. Shit easy to me bro. I, I talk about this all the time. I read on a junior and college level when I was in the third grade, I could count to a million when I was in kindergarten. The only reason we had a counting contest, I counted all day. The only reason why I messed up is because everybody else was outside playing and I wanted to go outside to play. So I was like 1,000,001 1,000,002 1,000,012 because I wanted to go outside. Everybody else had already been outside for 3, 4, 5 hours bro.


Right. Shannon, this, this is very personal to me. I think I've only said this in a maybe one or two interviews, but when I was young I used to have anxiety attacks about existing forever. I wasn't scared of the devil. I wasn't scared of good or bad or Dracula or the things other kids were scared of. I was scared of like existing and never cutting off. That's still me up. Think about, I don't wanna put that on y'all. Maybe that was too heavy for this medium, but like bro, my mind has always been, and that's why I understand like, do you sleep well?


I just started not Well because this, if you don't turn, if you can't turn your mind off, look at my eyes. You know the answer to that. Yeah. That's the reason why I understand Wayne. I understand PAC needing to smoke cigarettes bro. I understand Nip like bro, like it's impossible not to be angry. It's not IPOs. It's impossible to not be afraid. We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you we're root and we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education.


When you take the test drive using the Route app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the route app drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route. We're taking an old industry and making it fair route insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See root.com for towels.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen.


Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey bro, I'm, I'm just, I'm gonna say something and I don't wanna put this on your show, like, bro, I know what they got out for us. I just got back from Columbia from doing stem cell. Shout out to Biox Rampage, the UFC fighter.


He hit me to it, bro, to know what they're doing to our bodies, bro. To understand that man, and to to be able to read and spiritually really know God in a way that most black people, I can't even talk to 'em about it. That's a lonely place to be. That was the reason why I decided when I came on here, bro, I wanted to come as a man of comfort, not judging again, like I told you, I don't agree with everything, bro, but that ain't my place. But what I do know is, bro, some of the things that you've done, bro, it's gonna take generations for people to catch up.


But we can't lose you good or bad. Right? The shit other shit we, we could fix off camera, right? Bro, we gotta figure out a way, man, to be loving to each other. And we can't ask these kids to stop banging and loving each other if we can't find a common ground to agree. Right? See, one of the things, and I know a lot of Christians gonna get mad at me, but I'm gonna tell you this, just like Santa Claus don't exist. Sorry kids. I don't think that there's one way to heaven, really. I don't. God is everything. And they, they, they teach us to have fear. Just like I don't believe in the devil. They devil you the devil.


The reason why they give you into something exterior. So you'll never fix you. If you keep blaming on the devil, you won't fix your black ass. You the problem, go fix you. If you didn't make the team, the devil didn't do it. You didn't do your reps, you didn't stay in the gym. That ain't the devil. That's you. But they tell you the devil. So you'll never fix the devil in your black ass. And if you really believe in God and think that God is omnipotent how you put anything next to God, if God created the devil, you shouldn't even put the devil in the same conversation. But I know that our people can't, like our mothers can't digest that.


But that's what I gotta sit with bro. In my mind. That's why my life is so crazy, bro. And me being from the south, it was hard for me to explain like my mind was moving faster than my lips could. Right? And I had the southern draw. I couldn't say the shit as eloquent as them did, but I knew I knew the truth bro. And I gotta sit with that shit alone, Shannon. Ugh, let me get another drink. I'm serious. Right? That ain't easy to deal with. You Say you don't believe in the devil, but in, in job, in, in the book of Job where he's telling the story about job, do you not believe that the devil, the devil told God to say the reason why Job, job is so faithful and so loyal and so subservient to you?


Like you give him everything? Yeah, my home, my uncle told my cousin, you see that badass bro over there? I know you got a mother wife, man, but look at that big ass. You need to get on that. Ain't that the same thing? You can have a motherfucker sitting on the side talking shit, but you gotta make the decision. Nobody make you do nothing. If somebody made you do it, then it shouldn't be no hell. That's why I don't believe that things are destined to be, if I'm destined to be a thug ass while I'm gonna Hell you predestined that. No, I made a choice. You got two brothers that was raised the same exact way.


One end up being a maniac and the other end up being one of the best persons in life. We make a choice. You always have two ways to look at things, bro. And I'm serious, man. That's why I believe what we are going through in America is a choice. I really believe that God wants us to be better. The only way for you to be refined is through pain, bro. You have made it. You don't have to train the way that you train, but you understand there is a direct connection and correlation between pain and freedom. Bro, I, I wake up every morning, people say I'm crazy. I train like I'm a football player bro, because I know the freedom that comes along on the other side of that bro.


Right? And I understand, bro. If it go down to, if it come down to it, Shannon, I could tell in your eyes bro, you wouldn't like it 'cause you're a little spoiled now. But if it came back to it with your big ass bro, you get on the trade tracks and beat that railroad till that get straight if you gotta eat. Yeah, for sure. You ain't got no problem with that. No, we blessed bro. We actually free, right? Yeah. You worked at Kroger. How, hold on. How You know that You work at Kroger and selling mix tape, so you like, hey, You know, you put the jars, you put the heavy stuff on the bottom, you put the eggs and the bread on top so they didn't get squashed. And so you, I That's, that's over me up a little bit, man. I'm try. Hold on man.


Figure Yeah, yeah. You doing some research? Alright, shady? Sure. Well, let's go get it dear. Damnit, I've Gotta figure out how you, how you taking the bag to the car and selling mix tapes in the same, The, the fuck, all right. That, that's probably, see, let me calm down. All right. Shannon was crazy, bro. They could never understand why I didn't want to, what's the people that check you out cashiers? They didn't, they didn't understand why I wanted to be a ca why I didn't want to be a cashier. Not because You couldn't pass your, you couldn't cash your mix tape Out. They probably making so much money, dude. I'm, I'm telling you I was killing them bro. And bro, that's again, man. And I'm, I'm talking to these kids to show you how spoiled you get. Man, I used to clock.


I used to clock in and go home. I was so cocky, bro. I had the perfect job, bro. And I knew that they, I had under, I understood the hustle. I stunned, I studied the hustle and I just slipped up. Hmm. We had the hustle and slipped up, you feel me? And that's the same thing I did, bro. And I end up getting fired and I had the blessing right there for me, bro. I couldn't. Yeah, bro, lemme tell you this, this is something I never said on nobody else's show before, man. Like I remember my parents got got behind on their mortgage man. And only thing I ever cared about in life is getting a pair of J's, right?


I give you a pair of J's, I put the rest of it in the bank, bro. And I had enough money, You know, early bro to, without selling dope, without disgracing my family's name, bro, to be able to help my parents get out a peril on financial peril. And bro, my father being as tough as he, he didn't even want to take it, man. I could. Now that I know and I'm a man, what that put him through to have to take that from his son, bro. Yeah, but the fact that I was able to do it, man from music. Come on, man. In Mississippi early. Yeah man, I, I, I, I thank God, man. I and I Shannon, I know that people don't understand me and I really believe man, and I do you want people to understand you.


I want 'em to pay me. I'm serious, Shannon. I want the same thing you get in white folks. I want your money in your attention. I want your flowers. I don't like flowers. Fuck 'em. I want your money in your attention. That's it. Think about this. I asked a group of black people one time if they thought I was the antithesis of Trump and they told me, yeah. I said, then why don't you take care of me like white folks take care of Trump. Mm. The reason why kids don't wanna be king is 'cause you let 'em kill the last one. That's why kids don't want to be upstanding, gentlemen. We gotta start paying upstanding gentlemen.


So that's one of the reasons why, bro, no bullshit. I'm, I'm just get this to you 'cause I feel comfortable and I put you in a position of vulnerability and I have to do the same if I'm a real man, right? Right. Man. The reason why I do most of the stuff that I do like, bro, I'm honest with you man, I got a lot of money bro. But this jury and all this shit, this ain't me. But I know this what these kids like. So if I am a conscious black man, oh you could be fly. Oh, you can make money being conscious then maybe I consider it David. Oh, David Bat drive a Ferrari. Oh, you, I didn't know you. Them two things went together.


America has marketed being a revolutionary with death, pain and suffering. Correct? I'm changing that bro. Killer Mike is changing that bro. Ti is changing that, bro. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So like for for, for me to be in a position bro, to, to, to do that, bro, I'm, I'm honored. Hear you talk Now You leave high school, you go to Southern University in Baton Rouge. Was it all wa was it, you don't like the term pre-ordained, but did you always know you wanted to go to an HBCU? What led you to an HBCU? I never wanted to go to college.


Okay. My mother, my dad was a country dude. Like I said, he ain't give a fuck about that rap shit, boy, you need to go work in a bank. My dad was not playing. But lemme tell you about my dad. I got a $70,000 check from Southwest distribution in, in Texas. And my dad saw that check and he looked at me and said, all that noise you be making back in my house, you get paid that much money. I'm not bullshitting you Shannon. I'm dead serious. Look at me when I say this. He said, that's what you get from that. My dad. You and he don't say the word. My dad say, why you ain't rapping now?


Why you ain't outside rapping right now? Get the fuck I'm a rap. Rap. No, no. He was dead serious. Yeah, he like rap right Now. And what that taught me is that our parents did the best with what they had. And as they learned more, they wanted, oh, you make that much money playing football. Go, yes, I want you to go. And they only dealing with what they deal with. You know what I'm saying? Right. But what was the question? I forgot the question. HBCU. Oh yeah. What led you to an HBCU? You didn't want to go To college? No, I didn't wanna college. I, I remember, but my mom used to put up her house and shit for talent shows. And again, my mom like, man rap wasn't promised.


Especially people in the south at the time. Right. So for my mama to do that, she sat down and she asked me, she said, do you think that your talent is original? And I said, yes ma'am. She said, well, it'll be original in four years, then you go to college. She walked into that one. Yay. Hey Dave. She walked in. She knew I was a smart Yeah, yeah. So she had to put it in A way. But, but, but seriously though, I did it. I did it for my mom. And what's crazy was, bro, like I, I never studied until, 'cause I was so smart until statistics. And I had a friend named Buds, his name is Aren Chicago Gang banger.


He taught me statistics while smoking weed in his car on. And so that was the first time I ever had to study. 'cause statistics just didn't come easily. Right? Everything else came easily for me for, for some reason statistics didn't. But my mom man, my mom asked me, she was like, Billy, this the only thing that I asked you to do. And I did it for her man. And I, Shannon and I ain't lying bro. I'm so proud because show you how God works. The leader that you see in me that came from Southern bro, I have accomplished so much. Made millions and millions of dollars. But being SGA president at Southern University, because I never believed in politics.


I thought politics was some bullshit. And what I end up learning is that power would never invest in poor people unless poor people invest in power. See, what we don't understand in the, in the community that we from, is that you have to invest with your money in politics. You gotta buy these politicians. And Shannon, this ain't on on you. You stay away from this shit that day. Banner talked this shit. Okay man, these politicians are bought, bro. So unless you buy 'em the same way these pharmaceutical companies buy 'em, they ain't gonna never do shit for you. Just like I'm gonna take this opportunity to tell you, I found out, man, most of these lawyers that we invest in them, lawyers work for them.


Same companies. We can't pay our lawyers, but 2, 3, 4, $5,000 them company, them, them companies get 'em, lawyers, hundreds of thousands of dollars and they make us feel like they're doing something for us. Them same like, yeah, no, I'm serious. They, they need to hear this. Like, the cool thing about me and the cool thing that we being from the country is that we got to go back to the country and the way that we did, we can deal with that. Most other people would break, right? Like, bro, if I think that's a sellout to me, man. Like I've been blessed to see things and other people, Shannon, this went really viral, bro. Like I really believe that.


Not all people, I think some black people don't wanna free the slaves. They want their chance to hold a whip. I wanna free my people. I'm gonna tell you something bro. That's gonna mess your head up, bro. I could be, especially as a southerner, I could be one of the richest people in southern rap if I sign artist. How you ever noticed, I never put a artist out. Really? Never. You wanna know why? Why? Because the music game is predicated and built on signing as many artists as you can and throwing up against the wall. I care about people bro. I don't wanna sign nobody if I know I can't help your family. This shit up, bro. And it don't matter how talented you are, it's about time, it's about luck, it's about money, it's about opportunity.


It's about where the markets are. It's so many things that you so cannot control bro. And I don't wanna do that to people. I'd rather teach you how to fish and you get your own shit, right? Yeah. You leave that. So how old were you when you left? I guess you left after college and went to New York. How old were you then? Mm, 22, 23 Around that. My uncle Sw You gonna like this story man. My uncle Sw Well, I, I can't tell you now 'cause I said his name. My uncle Swack. Let's just say I went to New York.


I didn't know that there was a firearm law in New York. Mm. And I took a pistol to New York with me. That's all. My uncle didn't have money to gimme nothing. My mom gave me as much money as she had in a bank account and I moved her to New York homeless. That's why like a lot of people think that I'm cocky, but most of these can't tell me nothing about rap. Most of these white folks can't tell me shit about rap. Man. I put everything in my life, ignorantly and bro, I went to New York, homeless. I never been to New York in my life, bro. I slept on the floor and my uncle gave me a pistol. And the day that I realized I didn't need a pistol, the day after that I was with John Forte.


I don't know if y'all know who John Forte is, but we ended up getting shut down by the feds. Bro. If I would've had that pistol on, oh yeah. One more day. I may still be in prison right now, dog. That's how I know that God is with me, bro. I've been through so, so, so much bro. And so like, when people say and do things to me, Shannon, it don't, it don't fade me. I just, what I didn't tell you what I was trying to tell you earlier though, bro, is I really think I was supposed to been in physics or something, bro. I, I really think sometimes I, my talent is being wasted with rap and entertainment, bro. I really think I could do something to help the earth.


I really think I'm that type of person. I'm that type of thinker bro. But we didn't have access to that in the places where we from. You don't Think you helping now by your words and what you're doing, your platform that you have. What you mean? You could possibly have asked Bob Marley that. And I'm not saying that I'm Bob Marley. I'm not saying that Jimi Hendrix like, bro, I know Malcolm. There's only one person that I've I met in my life who I think know who they are. Tip Tis the only person that know who he is. Like, but most of us Pac didn't know Pac was Pac, right? Nipsey didn't know that Nipsey was Nipsey bro. And so, man, like I, it's cool but like, bro, I'm serious bro.


I see things in a way that's so clear to me and I don't even expect humans to understand man. But like, man, like to not like the difference between me and most entertainers bro, is I always wanted to be married. I always wanted to have a big family in from the country, bro. But I never, like if you look at everything in the bible, everything in the Quran, everything in the, in the tour, for the most part it's about what you're willing to sacrifice. Yes. So my sacrifice, sacrifice is a huge part. Yeah. So sacrifice. Not having a family, not having a wife. The loneliness that we go through. And so we drink some of the greatest cognac I've tasted in history.


The award winning. Come on bro. Come here 13 times. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Talk that Shit. Dog GT award. Yeah. See that smile? I got him to smile as much as that paid for them teeth. We need to smile again dog. The pearl whites. I know you show them damn teeth. They used to be crooked dog. There was a couple missing on the side. Yeah, bro's. All yeah, we got it. You signed a $10 million deal with Universal talk. That shit. What was, what was the, I mean look, we have a very similar background. You grew up in Mississippi. I grew up in rural south Georgia. Man, boy, I just, whew man, if I ever gimme some money, I want a house with running water, indoor plumbing, air condition.


Ooh, that show be nice. What's the first thing you got with that buddy? Alright, so get ready now. You got some, y'all got some tissue? Alright, so I never told this full story before, man. My mind, imagine becoming conscious in 11th grade and realizing the person that you love the most on this planet, which is my grandmother. Ain't nobody on this earth I love like my grandmother, I know to feel It, man. My grandmother, she spent more time with them, white folks raising them white folks so she could feed us shit. She ain't never said bad with me, but what my grandmother did say, and I'm man enough to say it on camera.


Once I got conscious, I went to my grandma like, I don't like that grandma. She said, one thing I could tell you is my white folks show up when I call them. Mm. And I'm a great debater, bro. I debated with Congress and won. They literally wiped me off the internet. Look up David Banner debates Congress and you'll see fuzz. They wiped me off. I wiped him, bro. Because they wasn't expecting a black man who does research. They thought they was gonna get an emotional nigga and they got a very articulate black man. I out debated Congress about our First Amendment rights. A lot of these rappers don't know. I'm probably the reason why you still can rap. But anyway, my grandmother, man, and bro, I was able to get that deal.


And my grandmother's stubborn, bro, You know how grandparent, So my grandmother would go to Chicago every summer. So I prefabricated a house and I to my grandmother's house down and I built her 'cause I knew she wouldn't move. I built her a brand new house in the same spot. Wow. So like, that was one of the greatest things in my life. And then my grandmother, man, this is very funny. My grandmother, she had a, You know, one of her, one of her friends had got outta Mississippi and became a judge. She was talking to my mom had ended up moving in to be able to take care of her. My mom said, yeah, my grandson bought me a brand new house and his mama ma made, bro, that was Shannon.


I'm serious bro. Like, as, as much as we get into that other shit, bro, I don't nothing feel like that, bro. I show, I show my grandmother freedom. They don't, You know, man. And, and, and my grandmother died happy and was probably one of the most oppressed people in Mississippi. And she died with a smile on her face. And I got all this money and I ain't happy worth shit I am now. But You know, I'm just saying. Right. But I think the thing is, is that like what money, what do you do it for when what you did it to achieve this? To get my grandmother outta that situation. My, my, my thing was a little bit different though, Shannon.


Like I'm a revolutionary bro. I am. I always did it for Mississippi, But revolutionary didn't make no money. They Yeah, But, but the thing is, is that I'm, I'm sexier than most of them. What can I do? No, seriously though, Shannon. But like, bro, like I think where people get it wrong with God is God give you pain to refine you. I always say this, bro, if God is pushing your face, all God is saying his son go this way, Way. So like, I saw what happened, I just adjust. People get upset with me. 'cause I live a great life. It's 'cause I'm obedient.


God gave me the plan. I ain't gotta be mad and run my mouth like Shannon. Like if you notice, bro, most people think this is when you should talk the most, You know, you don't really hear me no more. Right. Because it's happening to us now. We need to be doing something like we need to be doing the work, man. And now I just realize, man, with me being blessed to do movies and television, man. Like I had a conversation with Samuel Jackson. Man, it changed my life, bro. We did fight Night and I don't know if it still is, but it was the most viewed show in Peacock history.


Okay. And what people don't understand was that when I first met Samuel Jackson, I'm gonna give you the, the bridge story. It's real personal. So you gonna have to open up some more people. Don't remember that I did Black Steak Mon with Samuel Jackson. Okay. And if y'all remember, that's when Samuel Jackson was telling was mad. 'cause rappers, he felt like some rappers were getting jobs over They Didn't deserve Yeah. Real actors that they didn't deserve. Right? And bro, we showed up in Memphis. We were doing the table read in front of everybody, bro. Again, I was a maniac.


Samuel Jackson said, who's your acting coach? And pointed at me. You looking around? I told him, he said, fire him. They suck, bro. So much anger came over me and I was embarrassed, but something in my spirit said, ask him this. I said, sir, if I'm so bad, then would you be my acting coach M Jackson? He said, humble rapper, meet me in my house next week. Wow. So I met him at his, well his apartment bro.


We trained. And then he was like, about a week later, two weeks later, he said, Ben, I gotta go to New York now Shannon, I know your staff may not want to hear this. I done flew to Paris for less, let's say. Right? Ain't no way in the hell I'm not gonna be at New York for 70 old Jackson to teach me how to be a better actor. Said sir, what's the address? He said, you serious, huh? Well, hell yeah. Samuel Jackson, mother acting coach, I'm gonna be there. Absolutely. Samuel Jackson said, you gonna be all son, but you ain't gotta come to New York, but you gonna be all right. I'm serious.


Serious. Wouldn't you show up? You better. Hell yeah. You know, and so this story is so great. I don't remember where I was, where, where am I? What? What was the question? This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Sheha profile and I'll see you there. I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming.


What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hi, I'm Sarah Spain, host of Good Game with Sarah Spain and the co-author of the new book Runs in the Family, an incredible true story of football, fatherhood and belonging. Written with and about Las Vegas Raiders Running Backs, coach Delan McCullough.


It's the story of a football coach and father of four who sees his life forever changed by the unsealing of his adoption records. And it's got a twist you won't believe based on the viral ESPN story I did a few years ago. This book will blow your mind and bring you to tears by runs in the family wherever books are sold. This is an iHeart podcast.