
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game, or you're whipping up a seven layer dip, or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy, one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long, Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and a hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home, go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. All right, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Special, special guest in the building. Man. To my left, we gonna introduce my man's last. Yeah. You see what time it is? What we on today? But to my far left, I got my dog, Bishop be here out the prairie. He how you what? Nasty. What's Happening? Nasty. Let's get to it baby. Now Jay, listen man, we know you keep your feet right. You got the white ones on right now. But have you ever seen the Black forces with the white Lexus before? Hey man, it is my First time. It is my First time when they look cold. Oh, Rock Through it look cold. Come on man. Yeah, come on now. Just, just for that though bro. I got you. So man, this from me and the team.


Yes sir. Word dude. Appreciate it. Got you. Some forces man. Come on. Is it them right there? Nah, it ain't them. But I'm gonna get you some man. Man. Come on man. I wear this more Chrisy White. That's my signature lace right there. Okay. Yep. So you about to see these on real r then out the gate? Yes sir. Love Bro. Appreciate it. Appreciate it Brother. Man, I can't wait man. I put 'em over if at some point we see Jaya out here in the black with the white laces, that'd be crazy. That's gonna be crazy. Come on man. What is it? What is it? Split room here. We, what do, how do we feel About it? That's his, that's the passive aggressive super. Like it's like he might nicely rob you when he wear those. So simply the Black forces is violence. Those come with a little bit more of respect. Little soft. Yeah. We'll, We'll we'll make sure you get a pair of, it was hard finding a motherfucker.


13. Got 13 in the Black Forces. Yeah, that is Scream Ball for sure. But to my right by my dog. Young Nacho, young Teig, how you work? I'm chilling bro. Y'all know I'm excited about this one. I'm the only WWE fan in real life. I mean, DJ used to watch when he was younger, but I still watch. So to have a wrestler on the day, I'm well Boy. Have you boy. Oh Dress my favorite guest so far. We done had a lot of great players on here, but a wrestler and one of my favorite wrestlers right now. I'm gonna let you do the honors dude. Come on man. You see the belt right here? We tapped in for sure. Man. This man's a champion man. Tag team champ, Mr. Intercontinental, chip and on his way to be in the world, champ Streamlined with Peacock Saturday Royal Rumble. We got the one the only made it VJ Oso in the building.


Big Do I appreciate you sliding on us. Who, Hey thing. Hey. Hey. Thanks for the intro. Yes sir. Hell of an intro us, you feel me? Yeah, For sure man. Listen, we gonna talk about everything man. But like we said, the foot game wrestling and forces, man. How do you do that Man, to be honest, us, I I, I, I got my, I I take my ankles up. Okay. Every single match and then I double sock 'em. So there is no, there is no support with the ankles, you know? But man, I just, I just like how they look on TV man. Just, just the all whites and then at the time when we started wearing tennis shoes, like me and my brother were the only ones wearing wearing Air Force ones. Mm. Everybody had to wear boots. It was like a rule.


But for us we got away with it. 'cause you, we was just trying stuff man. We'd go to Champs, get a pair of whites in the black joggers, buy one, get one free was, you know what I'm saying? That, that, that was a wrestling gear right there. I was wrong man. What's up penitentiary? Y'all? I know y'all wasn't tapped in Tapped y'all was tapped In on come on that day. One ish came, we made a shirt in the middle of the mall loose. You know we was just trying stuff the day one ish. That's fire man. Man, me and him. Well we can't say day one shit. Yeah right. So Ish was a, you know, on the rap rap song ish. Yeah That's the editor version for sure. Yeah bro. Like we at the drawing board with stuff, man. Nah, that's hard for sure Man. That's crazy. Like for you, do you know what I'm saying?


Be a superstar. Like you said the beginnings. Y'all just like regular people. We at the mall trying to figure it out where we used to go to get fresh, get airbrush, copped, the White Forces all four. Circle moment man. But let's talk about the beginning man. San Fran growing up. Crazy wrestling, lineage. TI know you all super tap about that for sure. Grandpa to the father, to the cousins, to everybody. Like growing up in that environment with a whole, your whole family has grew up in the wrestling world. Was you inspired to be a wrestler or would you wanna do something else? Did you play any other sports, anything else like that? Shit, I already played football. Yeah? Yeah. We were Ballers man. Yeah. Like always wanted to play football but you know how that go. Yeah. After college, you know, kind of came home, get in the real world writers.


It's like well damn this ain't fun. You know you could just go to a regular job. Yeah. Clock in, clock out every night, three years. Start getting big, you know. Yeah. Athletes, when you come home it's a different transition. Right. Like you don't know what to do. We was just eating a lot, you know, wasn't working out training as much. So now, now I'm down there tipping like two 70, damn like two 80, you know, just unhealthy man. Then just gotta grow up. Who's make a decision? We had kids early wrestling was the the door to, to walk through. It was a hard door to walk through though. But Pops wanted to.


You sure y'all wanna do this? Yes sir. Alright. Took us to a ring beat. Beat beat me and my brother's ass for two hours. Damn man, that's crazy. And just not what, say who Pops is in the situation. Ra Kechi is, it's pops. If y'all don't know go arrested Isha. Y'all know where Isha is. Like just look him up man. His hands, there Wasn't no easy face. I wasn't no big Wrestl fan. But your pops was out pocket that that stink, stinky, stinky face. Whatever the fuck bro. Hey bro's. Restroom before he fought him and did Come on man. Man Pops, pops is doing that kind of stuff but damn, that's like literally the only thing I really remind.


He, he used to do his thing but I'm like that was like something that stuck out. But he brung the vibes to wrestling though. Were too cool. They used to be dancing and stuff. They kind of brung a different element to the game at that time though. Sure. A little disrespectful though. Ain't that was crazy bro. How was it like growing up in that world though, bro? Seeing your pops Like was he like a different man when he came home? Like did y'all know how famous he was man? No, it was, 'cause to be honest, he ain't hit his, he ain't hit his like famous. He didn't get notarization till I like kind of got in high school. Oh, okay. So I was kind of old enough to know. But as far as like being a kid growing up, we, we didn't have a lot of money. It was, we was, we was a poor family 'cause he was a wrestler trying to, trying to make it.


Yeah. And I remember, I remember when he that I don't know, I you probably remember it was when he ran over Stone cold. Yeah, I remember man, I was out there. We, me and my brother was fighting like almost every single week man. 'cause the kids were little stone cold testing us, man. Yeah, your dad, your dad sucks. You ran over shit. Your dad ran over stone cold. You know, luckily we, we, we was gunning football so that's what kind of like separated us, you know, from being like that them, the wrestlers kids. Right. And let alone we're twins, but we were bawling bro. We, we, my dad would come to the, the, the games and I remember being on the field doe and if I see a crowd move, I know my dad's here.


Yeah. That's crazy. You know, I would just look like the game would stop for like two seconds and Alright, he's here because you can't miss him. You know he Big Simon with blonde hair? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was in Florida at the time. Right. Yeah. Pensacola. I grew up in Pensacola, man. I, I was born in Cali and then we moved to Florida when I was like five. So we've been in the south ever since. That's where I met Roman at like from the sandboxes. I mean middle league football, middle school, all the way up to high school, like locked in balling bro. He went to Georgia Tech. My brother went to like a division two West Alabama. That's the only time we split ways, man. And then it's crazy 'cause life, we go through life together.


Oh. Now he came back as, as a wanted to be a wrestler and trained. And I remember when he told me that I'm over here tripping like, bro, you trying to wrestle. You know, 'cause it was never, he was never like leaning towards that and just to see like, where he at today, man. Like my my mind, my hat goes off, man. Like, mind blown man. Oh, that's a rumor range. Oh okay. I mean they, oh my gosh. But they all, they don't know. So they got a action called the Bloodline at one point. I'll let you go. Nah, nah, I'm Trying to, I'm here to learn. When I say, when I say we running it, yeah. They, nah, nah, we running it. They whole family is like, I Mean shout out to the game Lineage Here.


I'm, I'm here to learn the Line years bro. Elite right now. Okay. They running everything. So for sure. You talking about the beginnings of wrestling, I want to ask you, I know you active on social media. Do you ever see those people who have like the random wrestling matches? Like they did the Frank proposal in the mall and they ran and like kicked them over and stuff like that? Yeah. How do YI mean obviously you at the highs up, but I know do y'all see they like get abused by that? But like, that's crazy. Like that's how like the beginning end in wrestling. Like you just trying to find your way with stuff. Yeah, I I mean I dig it because it it it shows them being like hungry. Yeah. Trying to, they're hungry for it. Yeah. You know, but it's dangerous though. They need to chill out on it. They be on concrete, be everywhere with. That's for real, man. How do you separate the entertainment from the real stuff though?


Like the, like They were wrestling at a closed mall. Nah, I'm just saying bro. Like some of it I know is entertainment of course, but it's some of it, bro, y'all really be having to whoop a motherfucker ass for real, real talk. But like how the, that'd be professional there though. Oh, okay. But there's some homies in there though. Like whoever I'm about to wrestle whatever, I'm like damn, gotta bring my A game with this one, you know? Yeah. I like, I like if I like, if somebody's like working me or, or you know, say they wrestling me tonight, man. I like for them to think if me and you wrestling loose, I want you to be like, oh, I got Jayden tonight easy. Like, you know, it's gonna be the night. Yeah. I'm off shit. Yeah. You know what I'm saying?


Okay. The movement in there, it's all different. Even there was another, if you really think about it, you, you, the, the ring ain't nothing no bigger than this, this room right here kind of. And you in there with two big men just dancing in this, in this squared circle. Yeah. It gotta be safe with each other. You know what I'm saying? Like it's a dance a it's a art in there man. We just not in there just throwing each other around. You know, this is, it's a loss. It's a loss. There's art to this man. And I look at it like live television. One shot ain't no redos. Nah, you, you, you, you mess up on the microphone. You can't, you know, everything's live.


It was Oh, okay. So because our, our producer, he used to wrestle but it was, it was real thing. It was no like they used to fold him up. They used to follow him up. Had they used to have the angle Headgear? Yeah. They, they was, his name was Freaky Mike. Yeah, that was his, he did that real wrestling. Yeah. Yeah. He used to wear Jordan First. Yeah. They used to go up under each other and scoop each other down that The championship, he wore white K Switch. That was the championship. You got the White Forces. He wore a white K switch. K respect We to get deal back. We trying back in man. Nah Respect man. And we dead ass serious though. Nah, for So you didn't wrestle.


You didn't wrestle. I did wrestle. Okay. Wrestle. Fucking K was barefoot. Respect back to man back. He had a headset all So he was like, he had truck, he Had the first Detroit Bees, The bees bought bike is crazy. He was getting them Ws though. You getting them w who Was the record? Oh, okay. Respect you. Sad. That's a short season. Oh wow. That's crazy. Like a let's move on like high school love place to be. So like you said, your early journey you get going pops. How is that, that situation, like you said, you know, he put you out through the ringer now y'all go through like the smaller circle before you become a superstar.


How is that grind like? Yeah, hard bro. Hard just do it for, for you know, little gyms. They still do. It's called Independent Wrestl now, but still, still, still homies out there hustling. It's kind of easier now because they got social media and it's easy to get recognition. So like when I was coming up we had to like send in pictures and tapes, you know, take pictures and mail them in. And the only way you can get notice is if you get on like big stage, you know, either Monday Night Raw or or SmackDown. Those are the, the only two and there's is a lot of platforms now, man. So you got MXT like, so like, it it is, it's dope to be a wrestling fan man. If you really watch it, it's like tomorrow's gonna go crazy.


I mean Yeah bro. I'ma come check you out bro. Yeah bro. You gonna, you gonna see it? Nah, I showed him one time. I know we getting ahead of our ourself, but I showed him on Raw one time. I mean you came out and I I was like, just watch this. Yeah, he probably could have been Bro. And I kept playing it and that's the what it was maybe two weeks ago. Yeah. And you had the, the crowd was still going. You looked, you was like, shit, let me get back on the ropes again. Come on man. We started you and getting the crowd going and I was just telling like, bro, it is different and yeah, I don't think you've been to an event before. Like when I was a little kid, bro. And I, this is what tarnished my brain bro. So they was wrestling, I forgot who it was and he misty and the dude just fell out bro.


And it was like finally out Santa Claus wasn't real bro. Yeah. So it kind of, it kind of fucked me up bro, ever since then. And then with him, once I really got to, you know, dealing with him, you know, bro really tapped into wrestling. He got onesies and everything, you know what I mean? He outta pocket. I don't got no onesy Bro. He was telling me like how real it is for real though, you know what I mean? Like it's a real, real sport. So I learned from him, you know, he giving me the game a little bit. Yeah, yeah. He Said its hard. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. It's still a show. But I'm saying that kind of when I was watching that as a kid, bro, I like, and then to go, I was like, damn bro. Yeah. And it's crazy because like you said, we all grew up in the era and probably you did too. Like I was gonna ask you, I mean outside of the family, who was you like wrestle that you like, like that were earlier because we grew up on Stone Cold, the Rock Dx NW like Ultimate warrior bro.


Come on bro. That's my favorite bro. I stole his whole, the me and the, my brother with the, the old face paint. Yeah. That's, that's all, that's all Ultimate warrior. Yeah. I ain't run to the ring like that though. Hell no. He camera like that white. Now I be getting tired on my entrance now. I see sometimes when you get on the mic you be like, man you gotta catch your Bro. They be like, go, go, go. I'll be like man, I can't breathe. Hold up, I can't Breathe the energy Be crazy though. Yeah. Nah ain't just dope. Like you and Aswan the culture were like you coming out with Quavo like that was just fire. Like that was a moment bro. They tell Quavo came out with him. Disrespect. There we go. I'm out Of pocket. Hey. No, I came out when I came out when they told me I was going with Wayne on, on WrestleMania.


Yeah man, I'm a big Come on man. Like obviously Guy grew up listening to Wayne Man. I told him my first wrestling match. Me and my brother walked out to go dj. So my first wrestling match dog damn with Go dj. And then just to have him walk me out is a full circle man. Now we cool do too. We are we Wayne heads here. Yeah. What's your favorite Wayne c Your favorite Wayne Mixtape?


The action is always heating up on the field at the draft King sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Drafting sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sports Book. Download the app today and use Pomo Code Club five 20. That's code COUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bits. If you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball Trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexi Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper. And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok. And we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view. And I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We wanna Share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into Full Circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race. Is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the Postseason Run.


Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL General Manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL History? I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First, where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athlete's First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. Along with my co-host Brian Murphy, athletes first, CEO we're pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together. You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension and Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent Shockwaves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars like Dak Prescott, Tua Tgo, Viola and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the First time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their client signing on the dotted line. Listen to The Athlete's First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Man, I'm, I'm going back man. Like either the, the first Carter or like, yeah, Here we go. He tapped Like the like block is hot. Like, Oh, he gonna weigh better tell you he on Block is hot. I like not that much. Carter. Carter won though. Yeah, Carter won. He was here? Yeah. Shit. Carter won. He was. Come on. That's that's who one right there. That's a good pick. That's a great pick. Come on Man. Man shout to Wayne man. No be here. You talking ugly Motherfucker over. I said damn bro. It's 11, it's 11:00 AM man glasses off.


I almost walked past one. Didn't have all that damn jewelry On. Hell, hell No, man. My son bigger than him. I know Wayne Little as hell man. He and Kevin Hart bro. They so short. I know a little though. Jeez. That's the first rapper to mess me up that he was short. Yeah, For real Jeezy. I was like, I just knew he was six four the way he was talking. I said he's 6 4, 6 5. I seen he was five three. I said I might be, Might be a shooting bro. That's why I'm gonna had for sure being here talking about how he know. I'm saying the show Scar him for life have ever had a match, a situation where you like, you know, you messed up in. Yeah man. Hell yeah man. Well I did and my brother did, but I felt, I felt just as bad.


Well we debuted. It was like the debut is when you first show up on tv, man, it's on YouTube too. He, he thing we supposed to jump on the top rope and then splash, boom, he jumped on the top rope and he, and he slipped. He fell like he just slipped, man. So everybody was like, ha ha ha ha idiot. You know, because you can kind of hear like the first five rows right there. They talking damn, they, they talking shit. But yeah, my brother slipped and he was real upset about it. I was like, damn, because we didn't know. We were just trying to make sure everything was good. 'cause every, every, I ain't gonna lie, bro. Every year I've been wrestling I thought I'd get fired. Damn. Damn. Like that's how I think.


But that's how, that's how cold it is. 'cause everybody's come like th this business, everybody's trying to come get the top spot and they bringing in little homies and I'm on my way out. I've been in, I've been hit on, on WWE TV for going 15 years. Yes sir. Damn bro. So I, I'm my, me and my body bro. My, I ain't never ever, I always felt strong like body kind of feel the body creeping up. Yeah. You know I'm 39 right now. Like this is a young man's game now and I recognize that. I recognize it. I just like, I just like, and stepping up like challenging all of them because they're gonna have to go through me. They're gonna have to go through the, the top homies to get to take it.


Yeah. I'm not gonna let you take it bro. If, if you ain't, if you not ready for this shit, man. That shit like teching. Yeah. You glopped to the top, the top Dog for sure. And I just seen the article that came out a couple days ago. They was kind of speaking about what's coming up with the Royal Romo stuff and they was just like, you know, we like, we happy CJ was on this life. They was just like, we happy. It finally got to a point to where they're pushing. They like, he's been the same polarizing figure since he of this game. Like, oh, you say wait till he'll turn to get to the top. I feel just like, all right. Like I had to go through that gauntlet but like it's my time to show who I am now. Yeah. I appreciate it man. I'm so, I'm so bro. I'm grateful man. Yeah. Because there was a moment in wrestling where there was no reaction or I wasn't on TV or I would just show up to work and just sit in the corner the whole time and, and just man, well what do I do?


How do I do So every single night man, I treat it like, like it's my First time man. 'cause like the, like you seen it. Losing energy out there is crazy. Yeah. It's crazy. And I really, I really vibe off that. And if, and if and if I'm gonna take up time on tv, you know our segments are are slotted out with certain time. If man, if I'm out there and they going crazy, you gonna have to cut some time from the segment coming after me. 'cause they ain't gonna get no higher than, than what, what's going on right now? That's Yeah. Shit. I'm excited for Rumble. I'm, I'm, I want, I wanna have have 20,000 in my hand dudes. Nah, that's crazy. That's fire. I seen it, it like crazy 'cause my little nephew was here and he watch wrestling all the time and I'm like, who your favorite wrestler right now?


He used to love Ray Mysterio so I just knew he was about to say Ray Mysterio again. He was like, Jay and I knew you were coming today. I was like, Jay who? He's like, Ooh. So Yee. And I started laughing. I'm like you in a rude awakening, oh boy, he about to be hype. So when he came in here and seen you and like I was showing him the energy that all the kids and all the fans got. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's something special about him. Yeah. You just feel that energy when I little, little kids don't even come to you. What up man? Yeah. Especially somebody like me. So for him to do that, he, he's got something special. Special with him. Yeah. Nah, for sure. Shout to Special Carter. Guess so. Call him Special Carter. Shout Out to Carter. Yeah.


That's crazy man. Hey listen, you know so much about the, the wrestle lineage man. You got any questions for? My mans right here man. I just wanna know like what it was like when you had to not, let's say break up with your brother, but they separated you as a tag team. I think at the time it was, it was needed. Yeah, because you know I was going through the whole angle with Roman and Yeah. And that kind of like, like let me blossom a little bit. So it was, it was perfect timing man. I do miss my brothers though 'cause I don't see 'em. 'cause we're on different, different, different shows now. So like the, the the rental, the car rides and then the airports are change the game. 'cause I'm used to us always being together. Make travel life real easy. Yeah, yeah. Believe that.


Most Definitely. You talk about that life man. I what's like a typical year like for you? How many days are you on a row? How many days are you performing? Yeah, two. I was tell him like 2, 2 73 is a dates 2 73. Oh yeah. I was complaining 82 games. Like shit. This in 41 at home. Been A baseball player bro. Right. Nah, it's worse. How many baseball Players? I mean, but they moving. Yeah. Every day. They don't stay In the we drive ourself. We in the airport and we ain't, we ain't driving. No, no we do rental cars. I'm in line like everybody else. That's what makes us different. 'cause we're always in the tre we're still in the trenches and we're, we're with people, regular people.


Yeah. I'm literally standing behind your ass in national rental car trying to get my rental car. And you it's me, it's them, you know, six, seven brothers behind me, you know, and they're like this. Oh my God, are you guys a team? I'm like, no. We all, everybody always tried to be covered up. Yeah. You know, sometimes you just don't want to be bothered like that. Yeah. And this is the most loose I've ever been recognized. Like I can't, I go to Publix everywhere when I'm even with my kids, there's somebody which I, I appreciated. But it's just sometimes man, you just, you just wanna be normal and Yeah. Have, have lunch with my, my kids instead of, you know, being bombarded.


It come with the it come with the, it come with the game. How Do your kids like it though? Are they excited? Like pops? So I got a, I got a 19-year-old. He goes to Morehouse in Atlanta out the gate. Academic scholarship man. Oh, Dope. No, Johnny, his name Josiah, he was gonna be here, but yeah, he in school freshman. He loving him. Oh. He Don't want go home Atlanta shit, Boy. We just talked about motherfuckers like you boy have a time. I can't even, I can't, when I called him man, I was like, just call me back man. Like he don't hit me back till like all day, man. Just call me Man. I I, he grew up in Atlanta too. I was 19 in Atlanta turning 20. Yeah. Come Shout Out to him. Good times out There. 11. Then my little one out there, he, he, he over there.


Dad, how old I gotta be the wrestle. I'm like 18, five more years. Me and you gonna be like dumb and Ray mysterious. Oh, That's lit. That's far. That's hard bro. That's hard. He's so into it, man. I I'm gonna ask you that with the lineage, you know what I'm saying? Growing up in that family, being around that, is that something you would like, hope for the kids? Like y'all can just do what y'all want to, but you wanna have the next generation new souls. Yeah, bro. I feel like if, if, if he wanted to like, yeah I let him 'cause it is hard. But man, he gotta be all in man. But man, I got like nieces and nephews who like ready to go 15, 16, 17, 6, 5, 300 pound like big Samoan ass kids. Us. Oh no niece. Niece is slim but she's, she's tall. Oh. I say you five 10.


We got some big girls now. Yeah, we got some big ones now. Well like, I'm like, like you said, your whole family, like your little brother. For him to make a way in wrestling. Yeah. And become a star too. What was that like seeing him Grow? Man, great man. 'cause man, his story where he really, he was a baller too. He played at Dickinson State. He was in North Dakota. 'cause he grew up in Sacramento so that's where he went to school at. But man, he used to install cabinets but he would do that and then go wrestle, do that and go wrestle. Man. No money. I, I would help him out. But I'm trying to tell him man, like this, this is the grind mode. This is it right here. You can drive your ass three hours and go wrestle for 20 bucks.


You have to go do it because that, that, that's what you supposed to do if you trying to make man. And soon as he got in his foot in the door though, like I know he was gonna go to NXT. Yeah. And I, I knew they were just gonna bring him up and when they bought him up, they dropped him like right on, on top with this, you know. Yeah. Bought him in, bought him in as you know Romans hitter. Hitter. Yeah man. And then he took off the character, the character part know Paul Hammond. Yo, you just don't say shit. You just stand there and look big. So now we just painted him a whole character and then he, he didn't even say nothing. Yeah, yeah. He wasn't gonna like, like die his or sha his head down like a bald, a big but yeah, big bald.


Yeah. They like the fuck, they like the blonde hair. Everything's detailed. It was like from, from what you look, how you look. Everything's character. Man. He funny though. Like, he like a funny rest. Like he do some funny moments like when he about to get power bombed or something, he'll be like, Man, yeah, He funny. For real? Yeah. He hilarious. I be watching like, yo, he be clowning for real. Like, Like He having a good time with you. My brother Jimmy funny as hell though. I y'all should have had him on here too. I ain't know it was gonna be like this. I wish I would've bought him. We would've been his thing. And Alright. This ain't traditional media at all. Yeah, nah, I mean I try to, I got, I got a lot of stuff to do today with the, with the media man. I do this all day. Yeah, we be Chilling man. I Bro appreciate it.


For sure. What's your signature move bro? You, you, I know your daddy either splash Shout to OG but Oh man. Stink Fade. Dodge Splash Splash Super Fly Splash. That's the original name from Jimmy Flyn. Yes sir. Damn, I love that name. You literally just lay on the floor and I would jump off and bam, your ass Super, super Superfly. Smash Superly Splash. Splash. That's the original name. You know SFS Okay. Yeah. And Gonna hit you with one of them super kicks too though. Yeah. What is that super kick? I just kick you your face like, like Shawn Michaels. So You Yeah, The force Usually gotta go like this.


Y crazy. It's, it's coming Yo yo talk that. Nah, that's dope bro. I can't wait to come to this shit tomorrow man. I'm gonna pull up man. Yeah, you Gonna have so much man. So dope up bro. Dope. It's crazy. Like you said, like us especially, we all the same age where we're growing up. Like everybody was in the drama, wrestling and stuff like that, like main events and stuff like that. So like Royal Rumble, like that's a crazy, that's like, like one of the pint. It's not, it's right there with WrestleMania for us man. Like how is that to be a part of this special moment? Man. Fire man, I'm excited man. I get that. Like I'm, I'm already, I'm just excited 'cause my brother's in there. Yeah. My, my cousin's in there. Jacob Atu is my real first cousin.


It's crazy. He's a beast. He be, he be whooping. He's a beast. He got your homie man. He a beast. He Be whooping people bro. He really, he really, he really from the streets too. Really from them, but just, just all of us being in this big match together, it was just like, it's iconic man. So yeah. The Royal Rumble was always fire man. Yeah. Like some of my What's like some of your favorite Royal Rumble moments? Like Shit, I'm, I I mean they just showed him with my dad dancing with two. Cool. That's The, The, yeah. And then he, he got, he got rid of them both Gangster. Like my favorite moment, I got a couple of 'em. I mean I, Kofi Kingston did a lot of stuff in a rumble that I thought was exciting but Sean Michaels, when I first seen him tap the one foot Yeah.


Pull himself back up. Yeah. That's when I first like fell into like love with the Royal Rumble. I'm like, ah. Yeah, it is a vibe. That was like 90 something. Yeah. So I, I'm excited to see what's gonna happen at this Rumble. 'cause it's a lot of great people in this rumble. Like you can have seen it in the rumble and stuff like that. Who you think, who, who you think gonna win it? Dude, I dunno. I got tap in. I got Yeah, You want Bro. Man, your rum rains in there though. I I know he eliminate least 20, Got 20 his own, so. I know. It should be exciting man. Yeah, Yeah. I'm, I'm happy man.


I'm excited. This shit crazy. Can't wait you to see it, bro. Like live out there. Yeah, Like I, I'm five In the crowds. I'll be up there somewhere Off The mic. I'm like, oops, this is for you. We did the podcast together. That's funny. The black one, He just gonna hold up some black voices. Yeah, I see it too. Nah, that'll be crazy funny. You talking about how you can hear all the people in a front, have you ever been part of a show where, when the fans run the crowd, because I know they have notorious mix tapes, the rest of the beating the sleeves off the fans and Come in the crowd. Yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. Hey they, that, that's a rule bro.


Like if any, if anybody ever hops the the barricade we're we're allowed and supposed to fuck them up. Yeah. So why Do people want that? Why they gonna do, I don't, don't think people realize, realize how big the wrestlers are. Like I didn't know that at first either. Like, when I first seen took my nephew, my oldest nephew backstage one time and we met John Cena and these guys and I looked at his forearm and I was like, yeah, let me stop talking crazy. 'cause these dudes is way bigger like him. Like I ain't know you was that big of a person. Pause. I Like, nah, he, he, he big bro. They're all big us. I'm like, it's crazy Shit. Yeah. When I first seen Kevin Nash, I said, oh, he's allowed to pair bomb me like this.


They should be dead, bro. Yeah. Crazy. Did you ever p bomb anybody Mike? No. How does that move? Go Show You? I'll show you. Is that, is that old or off the court? He might Off the bat. Something Wrong with y'all. Crazy. Oh, for sure man. But listen, I know you've been to Indy a couple times, man. How is, how's the wrestling energy man? How's the crowd here man? I know they're pretty excited about it here. Anytime we have a big event, Indy always show up. Yeah, always fire. It was, I think every city with the, that's got a sports team, man. Okay. Football, basketball, all that, man.


They, they, they always show up man. And this is the perfect rumbles just gonna be lit, man. Like this is the perfect crowd. When they and they say Indianapolis, I was like, I'm down. I just, I just don't, I just don't do cold. Good I Florida. Man, man. Well you caught a great weekend. You, you would've been, would've been mad. It was, it was negative. Was like negative five. Why? I ask my mom and dad why they stopped here all the time. Like, but it is what it's For Sure. Before we get up outta here, Jay in those sports, you still follow man. Now I say you grew up loving football, you still tapped in? Yeah Man. Okay. Big, big nine fan though. Me too. That's how I knew he was good people. We had a struggle year, but it's all Yeah Man, man, super kick.


Yo. I'm do my quarterback like that On man. Super Kick party would be great content. Well, we had too many injuries though. Yeah. Thibo was out. Kiddo was out. Everybody was hurt. Yeah, man, I don't wanna hear no complaint from y'all Nighters fans. Y'all have great seasons every other year, man. True. Y it, it's only Fair Man coming from a Cowboys fan. Y'all bless. Yeah. Yeah. Shout to Dion, man. Oh man. Who you got the Super Bowl I got? I mean, damn, I don't want 'em, but it's gonna be cheese. Yeah. Again, like they old man. Come on man. What's Nah, Eagles gonna win bro. I want, I kind of want the Eagles to win but I feel like the Chiefs are, I never want good things for the Eagles.


Shout Pat Mahome. I mean it. You can kind of compare with that. Y'all had, I'm saying superstar quarterbacks a long time. Joe Montana, Steve Young, you know what I'm saying? Y'all was blessed. Yeah. Right. Jerry Race. Say like that. Stay loyal. We gotta stay loyal. Yeah. Loyal. Loyal to the soil. Listen man, live on Peacock Saturday. Please tap in Man. Jay uso appreciate you signing on this big dog, man. Yeah, Man, this ain't gonna be the last time we Calling it Rumble winner man. Come on man. We calling that and make sure you show love after it happens. We appreciate y'all like share, subscribe, tap into next episode. Club five 20 Y, The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything listens to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments and the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This is Lexi Brown and Mariah Rose and we've got a new podcast full circle every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Full Circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.