
John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nan Burker to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason De Mers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on La Tabla. Listen to NHL unscripted with Kin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I don't know nothing about the free parts, but I do know right there go nah, 'cause you about to get crazy. Nah, Go ahead and say it. That's how Diddy party start, right? No, I'm just saying. Lemme put my tie back on. I know you about to say some slick shit. Yeah, that's how he gets you. Take the time off. Start throwing your shit around All my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Pay the price. Won a slice. Got the roll of dice, the swat. All my life I've been grinding all my life. All my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, pay the price. Won a slice. Got the roll, DED. The all my life. I've been grinding all my life.


Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host Shannon Sharpe. I'm also the proprie of Club Shehe. And today we're at the brand new Villa 66 at Resorts World in Las Vegas. This is a spectacular two bedroom entertainment villa on the 66th floor with a stunning view of the strip. This is reserved for invited guest only, which I am. I'll be staying here tonight. The guy that's stopping by for conversation on the drink today is one of the most beloved comedians in the industry. He's had significant impact on the entertainment industry. He was on what two of the greatest television shows in history. The Chappelle Show and The Wire. He was honored also with the Red Fox Award. He's a critically acclaimed actor, a versatile performer, seasoned standup comedian, and a host, a writer.


For over 30 years, he tours the war world to sold out audiences everywhere. A fan favorite, a proud father, A larger than life personality. Here he is, ladies and gentlemen. Mr. Darnell Riley. I really appreciate that introduction. But you missed one thing. What I miss r and b singer. Something's got a hold on me lately and I don't know myself Mo And that's not the drink speaking, that's just me. Yeah, that Ladies gentleman. Teddy drowns. There Are man. Well, it's ironic that he's one of my favorite artists right now. And no black people swim. I love Teddy swim. So Teddy's Unbelievable. He's a good guy too, man. He's unbelievable. And he swims. He swims in the milk.


Yeah. You know what that means, right? No, I don't know what that means. Alright. You know what bunny hopping is, right? Yeah, I know what that is. Well, It's the opposite of bunny hopping. Oh, it's where the white guy dates a black chick. Oh, he swims in the milk, which would be such a disapprove to Dr. Omar, but I put it like this. Oh, There you go. I'm just saying. So some people don't appreciate love in all flavors. They used to call me Baskin Rollins 'cause I dipped in different flavors and I, I supported happiness. I supported happiness. That's what I do. That's it. That's what people you Don't like. Who like You. I like who like me. There you go. There it is, Bro. Thanks for stopping by the damn Boy. Them bunny sometimes bad nigga come all back. I'm just, I'm just saying Lord have mercy. I just want you guys, they Silent.


They don't talk a lot. Oh Man. Sherry Sharp does not approve of this. Yes you do. Yes you do. Yes you do. Don't be plead Until you arrest. Try to get, come on Bro. Let just say this. You try to get me canceled. I try. Yo, if you ain't canceled by now, you won't get canceled. Alright. Certain people, when you create, this is real stuff. When you create your own lane. Yeah. When you do it on your own terms. So you are un cancelable, okay? And people always ask that question. You think somebody gonna cancel you? People say to me, sometimes you think you cancel. I'm like, first off, I'm not connected with a major network. Right. I'm not connected with no corporate sponsors. So my only boss is the people that work hard pay to pay the money. Come see me, come for you. And they can't cancel you for that. Well, I do have, I, I am on television. I, I worked for the guy that got the ears right. I was trying to wanna keep that little gig.


I spoke on me, I didn't speak on you. And you said that your face looked like, ha ha ha Ha. Yeah, no, no, no. Like, You know what? He speaks for himself. I was speaking for Myself. I did not approve the message that Mr. Rowlings delivered earlier. Thank you very much. Okay. All I'm just said, be happy. Run. Thanks for stopping by man. You want a toast? Oh my mother, I talked to my mother, right? I said, I'm doing Shannon show. She said, well, don't get crazy. And she told me, don't drink the yacht. But I'm in a profession right now where I don't have any disciplines. So to my mother, you'll have to get over it. She'll be all right. I love you, mark. It's a holiday. T see you a two. Be jolly Bro. Everything that you've done in the industry, continued success bro.


Thanks for stopping by. Thank you for having me. And oh, my mother might have been right. Damn. That is smooth though. You got the fan sifters too? Yeah. That's the next level right there. We We gonna send you home. We gonna send you a couple of bottles with You. Yeah. I saw w Kfa the other day. You could send me home with something else too. I'm just saying I didn't get, I didn't keep no, no People upstairs. He didn't keep anything. I didn't keep it today though. I, I don't, I don't. I was like this. I said, oh, I'm coming back the week after. I said there's still gonna be some remnants of it. Something You, you, you partake. What I just wanna say this are all the questions. Could be political.


You mean partake. Do I get high? Yes. Yeah. Do I smoke white? Do I smoke a fatty? In some cases I do. You do? And I don't. But the thing is, I'm not like, some people like they smoke just to get lip. Right. I like it. And then even my preference is like hybrids having you on the sati side. Right. Because I like stuff that make me feel creative. Okay. Or make me wanna write. But I don't like to like smoke a joint and just lay on The couch. Be spaced out. So you partake. No I don't. God Damn. This gonna be chess. This gonna be chess In. Alright. You from the DMV? Yes. Quake from the DMV. Yes. Martin Lawrence, Wanda Sacks. Chappelle. Yes. Tommy Davidson. Yes. What is in the water?


What's in the soil? I, how do you get all these guys from what that little one central location. I think you have that in different cities. Atlanta's a is a good market. Chicago Chicago's a good market. Joe Rogan is made Austin A. Good market. But I think that when that crew of people, you miss a couple people. Good friend of mine, my mentor fat doctor. Okay. It's just something about the people there. We really believed in being good standups. Okay. And we learned from like craftmen, you know what I'm saying? Now, today, you know the comedy is going to a way where people go up there and ask like crowd work questions and everything. I don't think that that's the best form of standup. Right. But it's getting paid. But we was coming up, we came up, we came up behind Martin Lewis, Tommy Davison.


So we used to go to those shows. We wanted to be good. So we used to always sit in the back and study the young common. They don't do that. We used to sit in the back and study and watch what makes this guy dope? What is he working on? How much time does he have? Is he good at some of the crowd work? Is he a good, still good storyteller? So when you have people like that, that you're coming behind, you have no choice but to be a good comic because you're coming from coming behind some of the best people to do it. And everybody, every, and it's funny thing you said, everybody that you name on that list is still actively correct doing it. And we're talking like guys that have years, careers of 25, 30, 40 years. Right. Still relevant and still making people laugh.


I noticed and, and correct me if I'm wrong, I noticed a lot of the young and up and coming comedians, they're like lean heavily on the skits. Yeah. And the older guys didn't really do a whole lot of skits. You got up there with a microphone, you had a stool and you told jokes. You walked the room, you pre appealed to the crowd. Do you notice a difference in how standup is being? I noticed a difference, but I will say it's evolved. And the reason why it was like that we didn't have access to what the kids have today. Okay. To blow up. I had a conversation with a, a young female comic maybe like seven years ago. She said, I'm a comedian. I was like, lemme see some of your stuff. And she went to YouTube. She said, well I do these skits. And I said, that's not being a comedian. She said, yes it is. I said, no it's not.


But then she broke open the Webster Webster dictionary definition one who entertains a crowd with humor. So when I started, it wasn't the skits of, so when you said comedian, you only associate it with standup telling jokes. Now you telling jokes. But now it's a whole different thing. The only thing, the the thing about it is I'm like a real artist to this. I believe in it. And you see some of the younger guys, they get on real, real quick and you like, well I like them in doing their skits but not doing the standup. I just wish that some of them just would respect the art enough to take it a little bit more serious and want to be a craftsman of it.


But when I, when, when I first started, if you wanted to get pussy, If you wanted to get money Yeah. And you wanted to get Fame, you had to be good first. Correct. You had to be good before the money came. You had to be good before the girls came. You had to be good before the fan Fame came. But now you got somebody that can go viral real quick. Don't have that skillset. So how do you tell a young, a younger comic, you know what, you need to work on this. And when he, he look at his YouTube, YouTube money, YouTube at, and it's like this 10,000,015 I need, I just made 300,000 this week. I don't care about being good UNC right now. Right. I care about getting this money. But then you have some people that break away from it, that take, take the tools of being able to do this stuff on the internet and also work on being, being good standups too.


But, but Lemme ask you this. When you're skid driven, is that sustainable? Because I mean, now you can see some of these guys, some of you guys can also, you know, you came up in the standup game where you told Joe you worked, worked the room. But you can also do skits. But do you, you believe if you start with skits first, is that sustainable? It's su it's sustainable because you gonna get the money fast. Okay. And at the end of the day, what are most people doing it for? For the cash. You don't have to do skits for 10 or 15 years. You got some of these guys to get a lick for two years. And if they invest their money Right. Do the right thing. They Made five 10, They good. But the funny thing, when I first started, I started as a standup and then I realized that a lot of the jokes that I was doing was three dimensional.


They was like characters. Right. They had storylines. So, and I'm talking about maybe like 30 years ago. So I said what I wanna do is take my jokes, make and make them characters. Make them Sketch. Okay. Yes. I had a sketch group years ago called Secret Society. Okay. Red Grant was in that sketch group. A good fellow. Yeah, I know. I know. And he told me, everybody knew Shannon came to college. He only had two shirts and two pair of pants. That's that's that's that's what I saying. And then he said, he also said back then, that's when he used to watch you wear his watch to tell time. Yeah. But, Oh, there you go. The Ball game Now Ocho Ocho I'll tell you, Had a knife to add a knife. Sco. Yeah. Yeah, I know, I know you and rock that. You made me feel you don't smoke.


What was the question again? The end of the Sustainability with ski. Oh, I had, I had a schedule was me, red Grant was Mike Epps. It was just got Rich Peres. It was a whole bunch of us. And we was doing sketch back then. We was ahead of the game before The Chappelle Show even existed. I, I had to the look, I looked into the future, I was like, alright, I'm gonna bring this super group together. It was like 12 of us. And I knew the group wasn't gonna last long because anytime you got 12 different personalities, it's always gonna change. We have a lot. It's always gonna change. But what I realized, it almost, I felt like it was like Wu-Tang of Sketch. I was like, I knew we wasn't gonna all stay together. I knew that we had people that kinda was stronger on the, on the producer side, stronger on the writing side and the acting side.


In fact, my manager at the time, she said, Don, I think the, that group is about to fall apart. And I was like, it's designed to fall apart. But if it wasn't for us coming together like this, we wouldn't have had the platform for people to see what to do. But you can sustain a career with just doing sketches. 'cause people are coming out just for that. Not in a million years. What I thought somebody could make millions of dollars in tour theaters just sitting on a stage having a podcast and talking. So comedy, the way it's perceived and how you can make it work for you. It's evolved where it is so many different lanes open. Now When I think of comic comics in the past compared to today's comics, you guys, they had a very seedy past.


They've had a very, like you look at Pryor and you hear Ms. Pat tell her story and she's almost like an old school comic. The heartbreaking, the disappointment that she's had and what the, what a comic is able to do. They're really able to take true events and make them money. Yes. And that's how they're able to get over the trauma and the hurt and the pain that they're dealing with. Do you notice that, that the comics today are a lot different? They're past, past path. You are a lot different than you guys To get there. Yeah. I think that, I don't wanna say it's easier, but you have different avenues. Okay. When I came up first off on the standup side, it was almost impossible to be seen as a black comic because you only had a couple of net. You had the David Letterman show, Johnny Carson, I'm talking about way back in the day.


Yeah. Right. And then if you look at the list of comics, they used to that it was all white comics. You might have one black comic every couple of years. That's why it was a good thing that Def Comedy Jam came because there was a group of communists. It was the Chitlin Circuit, it was underground, but they weren't, they weren't being seen. But I think that now your phone, man, I tell anybody, your phone can just blow you up. And everybody in this business, they make excuses. But at the end of the day, you can have a little bit of talent, but if you got the right work ethics, you can make it happen for yourself. When I started here, A, B, C, C, BS and N-B-C-H-B-O would give a special every two years about how many people got an opportunity at.


So the people that sit back and complain about what they can't do. I I I, so my dad told me a long time ago, you got two excuses, a good excuse and a bad excuse. At the end of the day, your success, success is dependent on how hard you work. Right. And you can get it. It's too many examples of that. Get it with you, with with the right work ethics. Right. Would you consider DC the funniest city? You mentioned New York, you mentioned, but when you look at per capita, you look at the DMV and how small it is compared to a Chicago compared to a, a New York and some of these other major cities. Everybody got their bosses or everybody got these people. But I think pound for pound, the pound for pound DC is one of the best cities that's had comics that not just got hot for a minute, been able to sustain theyself in this business.


Yeah. Man. And a lot of people can make arguments with Chicago. It's a lot of good comments per that come outta there. But when you talk about the people that's been on the small screen, the big screen and has success just touring, I think hands down DC is one of the best, one of the best series we Look at. Martin been on television and in the movies you look at Dave Chappelle television and movies, Tommy Davison, television and movies, Wanda Sacks television and movie. Darnell. When you got into this, because you see the transition, you see Ed, you see Richard Pryor was a standup, did television, Eddie Murphy standup did television. Right? Is that the natural progression? Does all, does most, I can't say all Kevin Hart can't say all. There's no such thing as all and every, but do a lot of comedians get into standup with the hopes and dreams, aspirations of doing television?


I I think a lot of them, that's their ultimate goal. Okay. But I also think that at the end of the day, and I look at my career, you know, whether I do another film project or do another television project, I've at least positioned myself where I can put my name on the marquee and make some good money for the rest of my life. Okay. You know, I think that that's an evolution for some people, but not all people. And some people it was like the standup was just the, the platform and the setup. Right. To be an actor. Chris Tucker. When Chris Tucker first started, everybody knew when Chris Tucker first started, he probably had 10 minutes of, of fire set. You know what I'm saying? But he but when you, when you saw Chris Tucker perform Def Jam when he came out, just pissed off, man.


Yeah. I'm so broke. If it rob me to just be practice, you knew you wasn't just looking at a standup. You was looking at a movie star. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? He was one of those guys. And Martin Lawrence is a great standup. But when you look at Martin Lawrence, you could see him in a television show. You could, you could see him in a, in a, in a movie. But for everybody it doesn't work out like that. Correct. Everybody have, some people don't care to be film tv. They just want to be able to make an honest living doing something they love. And how many professions or how many people get an opportunity to actually call their own shots, their their own boss, do what they wanna do and make a good living. Not too many. Right. And it's not to, if you, even if you look at the era, the Def Jam area, the era of all the comedians with the nicknames and everything, it's, I would say out of everybody performing on Def Jam, it's probably five or 10% of those people that are actively working this people will still go pay, pay money ticket.


The price to go see NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs. And the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player to score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sports Book. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon For new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem called one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia. Visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on the amount of initial losing bet bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


You kind of got your, your breakout. You worked on a show and many considered this show as the great, one of the greatest TV shows, if not the greatest. The Wire Right. Based in Baltimore. Yeah. How did that role come about? The crazy thing, if you really a historian on The Wire and David Simon in Baltimore area. You know that Charles Dutton had a a, a mini series called The Corner. The Corner was before The Wire. And my relationship with The Wire was I played Bread on the corner, heroin addict on, on that show. And David Simon, if you watch any show that he's produced, Zach, he's produced or he's written, he's really loyal to people that worked with him before.


So that kind of gave me a, a, a heads up on the opportunity to be on The Wire. But the crazy thing about The Wire was the role of Omar. It came down to me and and Michael on that role of Omar. Right. Robert Colesbury, one of the executive producers of The Wire, who's not there anymore. When I came on set, he said, you know, we had you heavily favored to play the role of Omar. Right. I had, I had no idea that he said, but this character Dayday Deday Price, we thought there was gonna be something special. Wanted to save you for this role. And if you really follow The Wire, you notice a lot of people say first season was all about the towers.


A string of Bear, edis, elbow, you know, wood and all those guys. The second season it made a twist. It went from the towers to the docks about the being at the shipyard. And that was because the Baltimore Tourism Board was complaining that every time that they have a show that's in Baltimore is always depicted as being a cdy drug written. And I'm like, when the last time you walked downtown, that's what the fuck it is. They lied. They called it body morph for now. They don't call it for no reason. Yeah. So they had to switch. 'cause my character Senator Clay Davis' assistant, I got caught with $30,000. Right. They had, I had to give it back. And then next season my character wasn't in the story arc.


So once they switched it to the docs, my character got lost to David Simon, who's really loyal to people that's on that show. He wanted to pay like homage to my character. He brought me back. But that, that was an amazing experience to be on. On that show, the Role that you played, how easy was it for you to play that Role? The Clay Davis? No role is easy for me to play because I'm more connected to standup than acting. Right. And to be quite honest, half time, I don't even know what the fuck I'm doing. You know, it was one scene, McNulty, he was one of the actors in The Wire. Right. He was a director too. So it was one scene when I had to snitch on Clay Davis. Right. And I was feeling uncomfortable doing it.


I was like, what type of, what emotion do I wanna have? So I was playing it like kind of nervous, like, oh no. And then he came up to me with this accent. He was like, I don't, I don't know if you, you're pointing it right. He said, I think you really want to put this guy down. You wanna, you wanna lock him up? I said, motherfucker, I don't know where you from, but where I'm from you don't snitch. Yeah. And you don't snitch. Like he's a joist fellow. You don't be like, oh, it's that guy. Bring him away. You gotta act like that's the hardest shit in the world. You like, ah man, I really don't wanna do this. I don't wanna snitch, but I don't wanna go to jail as much as I don't wanna snitch. And then after I did that, he was like, okay, I think you might be blow e. Right. And then he and he let it stay. Yep.


But that show man, even though it is so interesting because in acting, I never took a class. I never been trained. The furthest thing, the most training I've ever done was I got a monologue book and I used to practice in the mirror mirror of different monologues. And the crazy thing was, even when I got the role of Bread on the Corner, I had no idea how that happened. Right. I was in an audition for like 30 minutes and the casting director, Jackie Brown Carmen, one of, she was one of the biggest black cast directors in New York. I was eating in this audition. And I wanted, I wanted to be like, I'm all right, whatever. And she said, Don Hill, God is in the room. You good. Take your time. I was like, well God need to come right now.


I did the audition and I didn't think anything. I said, that's past me. And, and I and, and I booked a role. And when I went on set, the first thing I asked David Simon, I said, I said, how did y'all pick me? I was like, I really thought I bombed that role. I didn't know what was going on. And he said, Donna, we like the fact that you threw the lines away and you did your own thing. The reason why I threw the lines away. 'cause I didn't remember the lines. Yo, I ain't shit you ain't throw away. I ain't throw away. I ain't know it. I ain't know what the hell was going on. So, and then another thing, 'cause I was playing heroin addict it. Yes. And I think that everybody, and I don't be reading my scripts like I'm supposed to. Everybody looked at that character as a her heroin addict.


And I'm pretty sure everybody went in there with the stereotype of leaning in like the dope fiend. Right. And everything. And I didn't do that. 'cause I didn't know. I just thought it was a cool dude. Right. And what they wanted to see was, who was this guy when he wasn't high? Was he that funny guy in neighborhood? Was was if he wasn't high. So, you know, I guess God was in the room. I got that part. I built a relationship with the, with those people of HBO and it led to me being on, on The Wire. When you were doing The Wire, did you realize it was gonna be so well received and it would be the phenomenon that it became? I didn't, I didn't, I I had no idea. But what I did know, I was doing shit nobody else was doing. Right. You know, I'm a, I was a Def Jam comic at that time.


I probably was one of the only comics that was on Def Comedy Jam and then on a critically acclaimed show. Right. I didn't predict it. I didn't predict it to be that big. But it just took on a life of his own. I mean, of Aris Elba, you know, came from working the door at Caroline's comedy club in, in New York City to being one of the biggest stars in the country. And I gotta tell you something, I hated that when he was on the show. And the reason why, because they had these women called the string of string of bets or something. Yeah. He had fans everywhere. Right. And then I would meet girls and they'd like, wasn't you on The Wire? And I thought it was my time to shine. Right. And they'd be like, yeah. They'd be like, could you introduce us to string of Bell?


I was, I was like, you and string Bell. Right. But when they killed him, I was like, yeah, where your man at now? He dead. How You celebrate the man getting Killed off man. 'cause he was taking all the girls and I was so happy. Then he just really doubled down and came one of the biggest international stars in the world. So he won that fight. But yeah, he said, I'm back. But it was, it was yo wood all of those guys, man. And we had like a, like a, a a a dope unit. Like I was still doing standup then. And can you imagine I would do like a little hole in the wall spot in Brooklyn and have half the cast of The Wire show up. It was crazy. But nobody knew how big that show would be and how last so long we talking about there was a a, a article Entertainment Weekly and they said two of the, they had a hundred best shows in the history of TV and Chappelle's show in The Wire ranked.


And I was like, you ask yourself legacy, what people remember you by if nothing else, if I don't, if I'm not a part of anything else, at least I could say I was a part of what people are going to talk about. They're gonna be talking about that shows until the end of time. Yeah. And a hundred year history of television. Yeah. I've been on two of the biggest shows. They Might remember part of Def Jam. Right. But those shows they remember and I was doing both of them at the same time. At the same time. Yeah. What do you, what do you remember about Edris? Because that was early in his career also. So he was just an up and comer just like yourself. I remember he took all the damn girls. That's all. Yo I'm, That's all you cared about. I still traumatized. And then he would double down with that punk ass English accent. You want to get to the boy a hotel? And I got New York, yo son, y'all tried to go.


It was a whole different thing. But I say one of the most humble guys and people don't understand. They hear about him DJing whatever I think Idris was is and still to this day is as passionate about DJing is as he is as as a actor. Really? Yeah. Oh, 100%. Oh, he's a, he's a, he takes the DJing super serious. Wow. Yeah. So when you first heard that accent, do you like, bro, you, I saw you at Caroline's comedy club, bro, you that at your, you don't talk like that. When I heard first heard the accent, I wanted to keep talking 'cause I wanted to use it. Oh, You were standing. I wanted somebody to come to the hotel too. I wanted somebody to come to the blow a hotel.


I'm like, oh man, he tall, dark, handsome, anti accent. I ain't got a chance. And I was just starting my ashy journey at that time. Right. So it was, I was out of the, I was outta the loop. But if you think about it, if you go back, you look at Idriss and the role that he played and you look at Damson, Idriss and snowfall. How do, how do the British actors getting all these gangster roles? I mean they, they, they, they students of the craft. I know there's been some talk about to get on the road, but you gotta be just, just imagine the level. You have to be all those guys. They gotta get dialect coaches. Yeah, Because, because I didn't even know, I didn't know the guy's snowfall. I did not know he was British. No, I Couldn't tell. I don't know if they working for a cheaper amount of money. I don't know if they on a low that part of it.


But for you to be, be able to embody these characters. Yeah. And to do it in out in another accent. Yes. It's gotta be something to be said about their skillset. But at the end of the day, we complain about everything. But at the end of the day, man made the best man win. Right. You know, because A lot of people that they're getting upset like hold on, you got black actors, actors right here in America and then you bring British actors to play a black person, a black American. Right. Why not just hire a black American to play a Because they might not have been the best person for the job. Okay. I don't underst this business is about competition. Right. And like what you saying, like people complain.


I know this may sound crazy. Work harder. Right? Everything ain't gonna be for you. Right. You gotta keep going. This whole notion that man, first off Hollywood is up. Okay. It's, people's perception of it is different. At the end of the day, all a lot of people do is sit back and complain. I say pull yourself up by the bootstraps. Work harder if you didn't get that role. Keep going. This, this field is a job where you going to be rejected 95% of the time. This is a job where you are gonna be broke most of the time when people come up to me like Darnell, you got any advice or words of wisdom?


I always tell 'em you first off, you gotta be able to be happy being broke in this business. If you can't be happy being broke, you might as well get out of it. 'cause you're gonna be broke most of the time you're doing it. If you could find a happy place, if you could. And I say in my case, when I first started wasn't making no money when I would do a gift for $30 and get a five pound bag of potatoes, some bologna, some cheese and some eggs. I'm like, I got food for the rest of the week. I was happy because I knew if I keep on, eventually it's gonna pop right. And every, not everybody, but for the most part you going to get a shot. You going to get in the game. But what you do with it when you get in the game and that's what's gonna separate you from everybody else to sit back complaining and not doing nothing and looking at everybody succeeding, complaining about it.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show Ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam RK here today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL UN scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turn NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're just soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling. Even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts Burki That's sure to Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Dem, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


When you became successful, you did The Wire, you did The Chappelle Show, you're still doing Your stuff. I wasn't successful then. I was working. I wasn't successful. That's the illusion people have about tv. They think when Everybody making big dollars though nigga You lemme chase up man. When I was doing Chappelle's show and the thing about it was they, you heard me saying I'm rich bitch at the end of her show. Right? You are rich. Yo, I was rich. Yo, I go to restaurants That bill would come. They would be like, just Uhuh, we thought you was rich bitch. I said I'm nice. But at the same time, Shannon, I knew I was positioning myself okay for success, right? When I was doing Chappelle show and I seen people come to this platform.


That's what I don't understand about actors and people. You signed the contract. Yes. You put your name on the dotted line. Right? You started this show. It was a small show. It just so happened that the show blew up. Right? Right. Your contract already signed So you entitled to all that money. No, the only person in the history of this business has ever really tested the industry and say, you know what? I know I did do a contract, but I know my value is, and y'all still gonna step up Dave Chappelle. Right. The only one he forced the hand of Comedy Central. And I think it was very admirable what Comedy Central did. 'cause they could have said, man, you, this is what he supposed to pay you.


But you know, when I was doing Chappelle show, I was making $500 a sketch and people already know the blogs like, oh they should have, but the show wasn't established. I knew the best thing I could do. That was just standard. That's what you got as an actor. But I knew me working that episode, me getting three minutes of camera time, now I could go out and get my money on the road. Right. Even when we, when, when, when I was, when we was working the first years, me, Charlie, nobody on that show was making a lot of money. But I was like, wait a minute, just don't match up. We everywhere we go, we hearing, I'm Rick James bitch and everything. Right.


We know we popping but our bank accounts ain't popping. And I was like, we gotta do something. I came up with the idea. I said, let's do, we need to do a tour. I said, let's do a tour called a I'm Rich Bitch Tour. Right. And at that time, I forget the name of the agency, but it was a young agent named Mike Berkowitz. Right. He was a very young agent. My manager brought to him, I said, I wanna do this tour. Charlie name is popping. It was nowhere you go. You didn't hear Charlie Murphy. Charlie Murphy never did comedy before. Which I found very strange to be around all these people. Right. But never tested yourself. So I said, if I wanna do this tour, I got, I'm the first person that ever took Charlie Murphy on stage and I bullied him to do it.


'cause Charlie Man is a funny guy. Talk a lot of trash. And then what happened, whenever I wanted to shut him up, I was like, yeah, you tough in the streets, but put a microphone in your face and see what happened. I knew we was trying to get some money. Right. He did his first open mic. All I needed him to do was have 10 minutes. Bill Bur at the time, bill Burke. And there's no disrespect. 'cause you see what happened to Bill Bur career at the time, bill Bur probably was a comedian, was headlining probably a thousand dollars a weekend. And I'm not saying no disrespect, but you knew when anytime somebody saw Bill, you know he was gonna pop. But that's just where he was then. And I said, okay, I get Charlie to do 10 minutes, I bring Bill Burr on the show. And Bill Burr wasn't a draw but he was a funny act.


And I said, we gonna do this tour? Yes I could put anybody else on the tour, give him a little bit of money. But I said, no, we gonna go get some money. Threeway split. And we did that Rich Bitch Tour and, and we made some d the probably at that time in our career, the Most, most money you'd ever made, most Money we ever made. But with anything, Charlie started to know what his value was in regard to people wanting pay to see him. Bill Bird was buzzing. He knew that he was about to take off, but we had to make adjustments. Those, that 500 episode was getting us thousands of dollars on the weekend. And that was the, at that time, that was the most money any of us have ever seen.


Right. Was Bill, was he the first white comic that you actually took that you went on tour with? Yeah, but Bill Burr, his, his story was like, you know, bill Bur, when he came to New York, he was one of the few white comics that did every room. He did the mainstream room and then he did the Chitlin Circuit. And I think part of his, you know, he's a very powerful, strong comic. Yeah. But I think he got a lot of edge being able to go into those rooms that everybody feared and just take control of it. But Bill Burr's always been a funny guy. How difficult is that when you're young, you are a black comedian? Because I've always asked, and I ask this a lot of times, do you set, do you write a set like I'm gonna be in a predominantly white audience. Do I write a set accordingly?


I'm gonna be in front of a, a predominantly black Audi audience. Do I write a a set accordingly? How difficult is that to do when you're young and up and coming? Obviously once you get established you can go into any room. It's the toughest thing because usually when you first start sharing it, you write, your voice is usually who you perform for. Right. So if I do the Chitlin Circuit, it's easily for me to go up there the way I speak. Certain things that I say, I already know they're gonna understand it. But then you have to, and even with me helping with my accent from DC coming to New York, you know I was going places and people was like, what? What did you say? Certain rooms, it wasn't that way. Other rooms I'd said, you know what, you gotta work on your addiction. You gotta annunciate and you gotta do this.


But a lot of, a lot of comics, they get used to one circuit or one side of it and stay with that. But Al always, always knew that I wanted to do more than just the Chitlin Circuit. Right. I wanted do more than just what the black comics. And my thing was, I wanted to be, when I was in New York, there was a very popular club called the Comedy Cellar. It's like the biggest comedy club in the world. The biggest names. And when I, when I was in New York at the time, it was only two or three black communists working there. It was Keith Robinson, it was Dave Chappelle Greer Bombs and Will Will Williams Stevenson. Okay. That was it. And basically it's like you walk around the corner, the black club and the white club.


It wasn't too many people doing both. And I said to myself, if I'm gonna be respected in this business or if I want to be, wanna be one of the best to do it, then I want my name to be on the same line out as the best to do it. And that was one of the reasons why I said I wanted to do mainstream. 'cause the Black Circuit back then they was paying more. Right. But you didn't really have no future. And at the end of the day, you was just getting pussy in a check. And it wasn't even a big shot, But in order. But for you, you'd realize that, you know, in order for me to be what I want to become, I'm gonna have to have crossover appeal. I'm gonna have to go appeal to that white. I gotta go, I gotta go where people are gonna see you.


Back then, you producers and directors and executive producers, they wasn't going, They wasn't going to the To Chop Sunday. They wasn't going to the Boston Comedy Club Sunday night. They wasn't going there. So if you wanted to be seen, you had to cross over. Or another thing people do, they got, people used to get caught up in the Fame of it. In the women in the Money. I'm cool with this, but as the years go on, you like this. I wasted so much time just catering to this side of it when I could have been over here. That's one of the things, like I hear people talk about Kevin Hart all the time. Kevin Hart was smart enough and I'm not here to defend anybody.


And you know something about your culture. You be wondering when it's going to heat up. Right. And I know deep down them cards is going to get correct. That's a lot of cards. Right. I'm looking at him like this. He got me with that. So when you was growing up, what inspired you? I'm white people like this. So when you and so and so was beef No, I I but, but what people don't know and I'm using, and I not Kevin Hart don't need me to defend him. I know this little work ethics. Yes. I was a part of it. I said it to another platform. I remember Cameron Hart had one joke and this is not being racist.


He's doing an impression of a monkey. Right, right. And he was the best monkey you ever seen. Do a monkey joke. He had this, I mean he had this going on. Yeah. The ah, ah, everything. And he used to riff and he used to work the G grimiest spots. He, he, but he, he used to commute from Philly. He would come up, he would do my clubs, the hood clubs, those $50 spots. And then he'd go do the mainstream spots. He knew that this is only gonna get me one thing. He had a bigger picture. He knew exactly what he was gonna do. He knew how he was gonna get there. You want representation, guess what? They're not going to the, to, to the chicken factory.


They're going to the cellar. They're going to the commun strip. They're going to that. And you have to have the work ethics to sit around Shannon and wait for opportunity. Somebody fall out on the lineup. Right. Somebody you gotta get, you gotta get a reference to somebody just sit around, just hanging out one day. Okay, now's your shot to go in there. And I seen him do that. I seen him go from my spots to the comedy selling spots. I seen him get a manager. I seen him go to one of the most prestigious comedy festivals. It's a comedy festival challenge in my man. Bruce ran JJFL Comedy Festival for years. This festival 25 years ago in Toronto, Montreal. Montreal was being Kennedy. Yes. This Was everybody's dream.


If I could get on there, guess what? You not going to get on there in a chilling circuit. You're not. There's no way. Some kind of way you gotta get into the audition. You gotta main street. But one thing about that's special, it broke so many people that that festival, Monique Uptown Comedy Club, it broke her. This festival was so dope. Shannon. You can go up there with a eight minute showcase set nine or 10 minutes and if you got a point of view, people could see what they could do. You walking outta there, people was walking out there with a quarter million dollar deal just to hold you. That's what that festival was. Wow. And when people don't understand, they say, well how did so and so go from This to that To that? You missed all shit.


The reason why you missed it. 'cause you wasn't invited, you didn't have the audition. And you can't knock a person that knows how to use their resources and position themself for the right people to see 'em. Or you could bitch complain, do them Chitlin Circuit shit all you want. They paid money. That's where I came from. But eventually you gotta figure out how to maneuver yourself through this business. Kevin blew up off of that. Dave Chappelle blew up off of that. Sue Costello. Monique, it was so many people. It was the hottest festival. And that's what the birth of Kevin Hart was for the people like, oh it, oh, he's a plant. No, his path was different from your path.


You cannot fault anybody because the way they get it is different from where you get it. And all of this bullshit about, oh, I came through the mud so and so guess what? I came through the mud. Guess what Shannon? I took a shower. I put cologne on the day. I washed myself. I used my wash and let you know how much I and I switched it up. Right. And it's not, not wrong with that. When you started to become having success, did people think you took the easy, the easy ray out? Because it seems to be, I get that now. Oh, he sold his Soul. But guess what? They don't know what the prince say. It sometimes take 10 years to be a overnight success. Those people that just introduced you, they don't know. But the real people they know.


Right. That's why I've had arguments with comics, whatever. Oh, he ain't sold. So I'm like, ask somebody about me. Ask somebody about my career. Oh, it's easy. You got the suit. Ask somebody about me moving from DC sleeping on my man Royal Walker's couch for a year and a half. He get a TV show. Leave me in his apartment. I ain't got no money, no electricity, no water. You ain't pay the bills. Huh? Yout. I tried to pay the bills. Them 30 shows wasn't getting it. Yo. I had an African landlord too and he's so sick of me, man. We used to pay, pay him. I owe io. He was so mad. He said, please, I would pay you to leave yo.


Because it was an area about to be gentrified. He was like, please no, no. I don't want nothing. I just want you to leave. I'm talking about a extens cord in my man's apartment. Up, up top. Yeah. Sliding down, switching that Stitcher cord from a hot plate to a iron to a heater. People don't know. Nobody knows your comeback other than the people there. But then at some point it ain't your job to give a fuck. You Know? Because a lot of times all they see is the success, but they never see the struggle. And because they didn't see the struggle, they see the success. They see the TV shows, they see the cars, they see the house, they see whatever. That's what everybody wanna do now.


They wanna be you. Everybody wanna be you today. Right. Everybody wanna be Joe Rogan today. Right. Nobody wanna be Joe Rogan. 25 years ago when people was like, what the is this? But now they see success. They wanna do it. You don't even know how many s they say, now I'm gonna do a podcast. I wanna do a club. They don't know how many years you was putting in when nobody believed in this. Right. When you was like, watch, it's gonna pop if I keep going. I had offers to do this show people trying to flip and this before it popped. And I feel bad, not feel bad coming under down. 'cause I didn't, I didn't, I really didn't want it to feel like, oh, now it's popping.


I always, but it was always a conflict. And another one of the reasons, 'cause we got mutual friends. Red Graham. Yeah. My man, Keith Burns was one of your people. Okay. Yeah. I went to, I grew up, I've known him since we, we played Little League Football together. Okay. Right. But they, going back to my point, everybody wants to take the easy route. Nobody wanted to take the hard, the hard work. It takes something like this. It, it wasn't last year. No. It takes years. It takes years of looking at those subscriptions. God damn. I thought that one was gonna pop like a thousand Views. You don't know. You Don't know. But then when that lick hits you feel good. But everybody else like, oh my God. But you back there like this. I knew it.


Right. All I needed was the time. You go back to The Wire, you yourself, Edris Elba. You had Michael B. Jordan was on there. I think he was like thir 14, 15 years of age. Yeah. Michael K. Williams. I mean that cast that you guys had, what was your, did you have a relationship? Were you guys ever set together? I had a relationship with Adris Wood. I had a relationship with him. Michael B. Jordan. I was like so much older than him. I really had nothing in common with him. Michael K wins. We was really, really close. That was like one of my closest guys connected to that. He used to come out, he was a real Brooklyn. Brooklyn dude. Yeah. So he used to be like, man, RRP to him. He used a great dude, you know, trouble souls. You know, things happen.


But he was like one of my closest connections. But the, the biggest connection, and I wanna go back when I did the corner, Tasha Smith. Okay. Tasha Smith and Candy Alexander. Right. Okay. Tasha Smith. And I don't wanna be offensive or anything when I say this, people don't wanna take the wrong way. She's a bad bitch. And when I say that, not just on the acting side, I'm talking about directed. There is nothing she can do. Yeah. A lot of people don't know. I'm trying to encourage her to go back. She started as a standup, but she was my coach when I didn't know what I was doing. Shannon and I don't have you talking about the guy with no trainer. Right. She used to pull me to the side, read my lines with me. She, in fact, she was the reason why I was on BMF.


Wow. She was like, she called me one day. You know how certain people call you and you know it's a money phone call. Right. And I was in the, I was getting dressed for another thing. It was for winning time. The HBO show. Yeah. By the Lake of Dynasty. Yeah. And I'm, I'm all happy. I'm like, I'm working. And I get a call for her. I'm like, I ain't got time to answer this call. I'm getting dressed right. Soon as I picked the phone up, because she said, when I call, you better answer a goddamn phone. I'm with 50 right now. I'm with, I'm with Randy. Randy was with the creator. And she basically gave me that role. Wow. That role I played. What was I, Alvin, she, she gave me that role.


And this is what people don't understand about this business. Everybody always wanna say, oh, you had that little role or that little so and so Because they didn't have it. That, no, not only that 'cause they didn't have it, but only that they don't, they don't look at what you, what you building. Right. First off, I tell anybody, you gotta get on set first. You gotta get on set. Oh, I'm gonna turn it down. I only got one line. You gotta get on set. That role that I played, I was only supposed to be in one scene. Season finale. Randy loved that Charact so much. 'cause it was a, it was based on one of his cousins. He was really connected with that. I was supposed to be on one episode. Right. The next, next they brought me back and they fell in love with the character.


They brought me back another episode, another episode, another episode where it went through that, that second season, I think I was in seven out of the, out of the, out of the 10. And that's because I took that little ass role and I'm, and I did the parlay. Yes. I took Chappelle's show. I was not supposed to be on that show. There was no cast. Everybody's like used to call it the cast. It was no cast. It was Dave and Neil had this show. Right. And they could just put anybody on the show they wanted. At the beginning we had one actor and one scene. I remember he wasn't doing well.


Wasted about an hour and a half of, of industry time. A lot of money. And where Dave and Neil would just say you on the show, they said, you know what Comedy Central says that everybody has to audition Now I had already did. I'm Rich bitch. Right. I could have been like, man, y'all know my work. I'm not auditioning. But I said, if I do that, guess what? I won't have a shot. So I went back in the audition room, murdered the audition. Never heard that again. But I was only as good as my last sketch. Right. I was only as good as my last scene. It wasn't like they had to write stuff for me. Right. And my thing was, if you go hard enough, you, one thing when you on a set, if you start ripping, same thing I'll say with Jelle White, with Urkel supposed to been the one episode.


But if you rip and you, and, and and them writers now they start thinking about you right now. They used to just like, okay, we gonna bring them in. Right. Another thing, when I was doing spell show, 90% of the things I was in, I wasn't even supposed to be in. Wow. I was broke. I knew that if I go on set, I get some free food, I get to hang out and they gonna tap me in. Right. Like 85% of the things that came outta my mouth on that show, it was all improv. And me being in the moment just hanging out. I think you mentioned that you were supposed to have Michael K Williams' role. Yeah. And you see what that role became? Did you like damn think about what could have been.


No. The reason why, because certain things happened. I was like, they got the best person for the job and another reason why they had the best person for the job. For the job with him. 'cause I wasn't gonna tongue, tongue get some big old, they got the right one for that one. I was like, I just thought he was a gangster. I ain't know he was taking Dicks son. But that's, they wrote that in. I didn't write it in, but I was like, you know what, they got the best person for that job. Right. Another situation, there's a role, Kat Williams was here, right? Yeah. He talked that role that he played, alligator man on Atlanta.


That role came to me and him. Right. I was still in the running for that. I was asked, they said, you still in? You said, I ain't saying I was gonna get the job. Right. But I knew I was still in the running for it. But certain times I look at people, I look at their skillset and after the minute I found out that Kat Williams got it. I was not mad that You didn't get it. I didn't get it. I know how strong he is as a combat. I know how strong he as an actor, that role, I looked at the role and the, the dynamic of it. And I know he would go all in. And I was absolutely right about, they was a bad choice 'cause he won the envy off with that, with that role. But never once did I was envious or jealous.


I was like back to the drawing board. I remember when Michael K. Williams said that he was scared. He was conflicted about taking the role. And we heard, we hear now a lot of about blacks putting on dresses. Right. Playing those type of roles. Where are you on bat? Where are you on bat Darnell, I will tell you this And you might edit this out. Need something to be mad about. And I hope you can keep that are not happy unless they mad about something. Right. How many, it's Rich Bitter out here.


They got everything. Still have something to be mad about. You can make that argument. Oh, the deescalation of a man, whatever. Right. You know who you are. Right. And really the reason why that's so stupid to me, flip Wilson. Geraldine Flip Wilson. Alright, this motherfucker wore dress Right. Guess what? He was owner of his show. Right. He was the executive producer and need knew who he was and he knew it was a character. And I'll tell you another thing. They always talk about his dress shit. Right. I'm gonna tell you when I was like, and I'm not saying I, and you know, I know they be like this. Oh, that mean he would put a dress on outta here. Ving Rains play Holiday Heart. Right. Right. Transgender, I hope I'm getting it right.


Character Holiday Heart. Right. I auditioned for that role. It's you. What was the line? So you all see you all the bitches. It was because of you bitches that this bitch has been ignoring me for months. I remember that was part of the line. Right? It was a dress. All right. Whoever wants say dress, go say something to VREs about where to dress. You ain't gonna do it. And what people don't understand is like, this is a art. Right? This is a art. Now I'm not saying this for everybody, I'm not saying this for me. I'm gonna tell you. When he hit me, when I was like, man, who give a fuck about what people say. I was doing an episode of Wilding Out Pull up to Tyler Perry Studios military base.


You been there? I haven't been there, but I know where is Wait for you go up in there. Military base, eight lanes or east side of the studio. You drive through that shit, you make go down, make a right. Harry Belafonte Studios, Oprah Winfrey Studios, Sidney, Sidney, Poitier Studios. And I looked back, I was like, from a dress. From a dress, right. I was like, I'm a size eight. But it's people that have too much time on they hand to make the argument. And I guarantee you, Shane, any, the most people that talk that shit about blah blah, blah, blah, blah.


Look at what they doing in life is probably a nigga that borrow his girl car, bring it back on, eat blunt guts all over it. You know what I'm saying? You just, it don't make no sense. And any intelligent person will understand that it's all bullshit. Right. You know, you don't wanna get caught. And I know that, oh yeah, he look like he'll wear a dress. It ain't my thing. But I am not knocking somebody or judging them. Somebody that does that. And especially in comedy. Now, if I picked you up, we going to the club and you come out with a sequence dress, I'm like, yo son, you gotta change that.


Or at least change your heels or something. So put some Tims on with that dress nigga. You ain't gonna be going out here. Right. Well that's with that dress in them heels. Is that the red bottoms? But is That mainly in our community? Because you see Dustin Hoffman, you see, and and Robbie Williams. Right. Play that Miss Doubtfire and I think Dustin Hoffman was in Tootsie. And you see so many other actors. White, It's mostly it. It is. I it is, it is definitely linked to our culture because black culture is the most homophobic culture out there. Right. You know what I'm saying? Certain. Like, they just, it just, it's what it is. It's the way I, I have a gay brother. Right. And I was, I asked my brother, I said, do you think I'm homophobic? And he said, no, I don't think you're homophobic.


But I do think you homo ignorant. And the reason why I was, I I I, I was like, you know, I'm ignorant. I'm not to say that I'm a bad person or anything. The reason why I'm homo ignorant because I was raised by homophobic people. Of course. So how do I not be homophobic? Correct. I was raised with uncles that thought anything could make you gay. Don't eat cottage cheese, nigga. Nah. They getting you used to consistency. I'm telling you that's the gateway. You gonna be like wack, wack, wack after that. Don't word pink. That's what I grew up on. Yeah. But I do think that our mindsets have evolved to a point where the things, I noticed that even in comedy shame, it was certain things that I could say 30 years ago, it would get a laugh from the audience.


Right. Like, easy laugh. Right. Go ahead. You know, whatever get left that, that doesn't exist no more. That's like, I, I, and I understand that the mindset of people in general have changed. My, my brother is my, my brother with my, my father had multiple kids. And my, and, and when, I remember when my brother kind of came out, because when I was growing up, I just thought my brother had all the bitches. Right. Right. I didn't know he was like in that life or Right. That's, I didn't, 'cause I was so young, I didn't really connect with sexuality. Right. And I was too busy trying to build bikes and shit like that.


So it was some time that went past. We had separating each other as a young adult. I was at a comedy club in Hollywood and he came to the show and he said we was outside. I was taking pictures, I was caught up in my moment. And I said, I said, he said, you see that guy over there? I said, yeah. He said, that's your brother-in-law. But my father has so many kids. I thought he was introducing me to another brother. I'm like, man, I ain't got time for no more brothers, no more sisters. Right. It didn't hit me till later on I went home. I said, oh shit. I think my brother just told me he was gay. Right. I called my father, my father, I'm talking about a straight street dude, heroin, Kings pin in DC whatever, like pool ho guy. Straight, straight. And I said, dad, I think Chucky just told me he was gay.


And my father said, man, I knew what he was up to. Like being gay was up to something like, like Yeah, yeah. Y'all caught you behind the bushes. Right. He said, I knew what he was up to. And this is when I, when I said the way people think in their mind is evolved, if for my father just make this statement right here, it means a lot to a person's character. He said, I knew what he was up to, but he said he was speaking on my, on my brother's boyfriend. He said, man, but that's a good nigga. Right. Right. In that moment. And I knew that my father cared more about the character and the guy that my brother chose to be in love with than what anybody else can think. And I dobel and I do think that mindsets have changed so much when it comes to that.


Right. Lemme ask you this, The Chappelle Show. How Did that come about? The Chappelle Show came about. Were You friends with Chappelle before the show? Or did you know We Yeah, I knew him, but we knew of each other. Okay. Like going back to your question about the DC thing. Yeah. It's one thing about being a comic from dc you always looked at the people that were before you and what moves they made. The first thing, when, when you come from dc, the first sign that you really going forward when you moved Right. You gotta leave DC You gotta leave. It is not like now you'd be on the internet, you could be anywhere. Right. You had to be go to New York or la. So, and when I came out to Gates Shannon, when I, I tell you First time I ever touched the microphone, I got a stand ovation. Wow.


I was doing comedy for five months and I made Def Comedy Jam. I was on fire. And David, this is on record, Dave telling this story. Somebody asked Dave at my 50th birthday. They asked Dave, where did you, Chris Spencer asked Dave. He said, where'd you meet Donne? He said, I'm gonna tell you where I first met Donne. He said, when I used to be in DC he said, I was the guy. And I would leave. I would be in New York. I would come home and I would always ask, who's the up and coming who's smoking? And Dave said was always the regular names Fat Doctor Andy. I was, but the owner, Barbara, RIP, rest of Soul, she said, Dave. But this is one guy named Donne Rollins that's on fire. And Dave the competitive nature. He is. He said that nigga.


And then when somebody asked me, when I asked that same question, I said, who is popping? Who is, who's got his smoker? They was like, they, I was like, so what's so nice about me? He's like, he's smart, you know, he's animated, he's a good actor. They said all this shit. And I was like, I felt the same thing. I was like, man, fuck him. It was like a healthy competition. So we knew of each other. But my connection with Chappelle show, it was Neil Brennan. Neil Brennan was a producer or an assistant for In Living Color when they were going out scouting talent. And he had me on a couple of audition tapes and Neil Brennan and Dave had already wrote Half Bake.


Right. But the thing was, when they did that, Neil was popping as a writer. He, I think he sold two or three scripts to Hollywood. But his work wasn't being produced. It wasn't getting green lit. He was getting the money, but he wasn't getting the green light. So he wanted to direct, he called my manager and said, I really like Darnell. I did this short film. I would like for him to be in it. Okay, it's just me or Cameron, me and one other person, whatever. And he said, I want him to do it. He said, I want no money to pay him. But I like for him to do it. But this was the time I was on, I was on, already started, The Wire was on the corner. I was, I was like, I know you can't afford to pay me, but if you ever in a situation where you could throw me a bone, I'd appreciate it.


Right. But I'll do it. I did it. Maybe two months later he said, I'm working on something. Neil Brandon said, I'm working on something, I'm gonna let you know. I was like, I'm busy, whatever. Right. I was like, what's the show name show? He said, we don't have a name for it. A month after that, Neil called me and said, I want you to be on this show and that show. And a lot of people don't toss back that show that he promised. If he ever was in the position to look out for me. It was Chappelle show. And of course I could've couldn't have been on the show without, without the approval of Dave. But Dave, Dave was, wanted to work with people that he just thought were funny. Right. He didn't really know me as an actor. It was just like, just these are the guys. But Neil Brennan would, Neil Brennan was definitely instrumental on my connection with that show.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and Contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show. Ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts casts.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL UN scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turn, NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts Burki, That's sure of Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I try to tell people this, that the one thing that I know about in this business now, the entertainment side of it. And when you have advertising and sponsors, it's all about relationships. Yeah. If you do not have relationships, you're not gonna go very far in this business. Not go far. It's, it is really that simple because a lot of times the people that are in position now weren't in those positions years ago. And they were small and they remember how people treated them when they couldn't help them. Lemme, lemme tell you something, I'm nice to 33 old yo 33 35. And the reason why I say that They was 12. They was 12 when I was a, I told my agents, yo, let's go for these 33-year-old executives.


They were 12 watching the show. A lot of the work that I get now is like this man, I used to watch a show with me and my dad and you know, you starting relationships early on. I'm like these guys. And I feel, and and you know, I get this a lot of times, oh, he's riding Dave coattails, Dave's flunky all of this shit. Right? Oh, if it wasn't for Dave, guess what Dave had? His production company is called Pilot Boy Production. The reason why it's called Pilot Boy Production. Because Dave had like 11 or 12 pilots before Chappelle show. He, they always gun for him. He was always getting shot. But for some reason, if it wasn't the right chemistry, the right team, it wasn't happening.


It was The Chappelle Show that came together and that was the one. Yeah. So as much as you wanna say, as much as a wanna say it wasn't for Dave, guess what? If it wasn't for the team that Dave built, he wouldn't have won a championship. You give Jordan all the credit, he's the star. He needed rebounds. Yep. He needed somebody to push that ball Out. Somebody to play. He need somebody to say it. So as much as people wanna say that, yes, that show was a platform for me, but I brought it, there's not a scene on that show that I didn't pop. Right. If you listen to some of the most iconic phrases on that show came outta my mouth.


Right. It was their writing. But as much, and I'm forever grateful for what they did to me. But I know that I wasn't a bum. Right. I put in work, You carried your Weight. And I always tell people, if you look at, if I say my career is, if you want to compare to anything and I score the hip hop artist, Busta Rhymes. You might not remember too many Busta Rhymes albums. But you know, when he came on the track, he was, and he was gonna bounce. Right. And that was my relationship with that show. You Know what, that's what I hate when they say, oh you know, you riding his coattails or if it wasn't for him. But the question is, if I'm not successful, what would you have said about, I ain't got no talent. You know what I'm saying? You didn say you rode Dave's coattail. It was all because of Dave. Now if the show's not a success, you're not a success.


What are you gonna say then? You gonna say, you just ain't have no talent. Now that it's successful, you gonna say it's because of somebody else. You don't wanna gimme the credit. Once we get the power of not giving a, that is, yo, you think about it, the most successful. You know, once they get to a Point they don't give, they don't give a they, they care less. But, but when you got heart, which I do have, and then when you care about what people think, which I do have, I think about that. And then we, 'cause of social media, you get to instantly tell how people feel about you. You sliding comments, you get about it. But once you get to that point where you don't give a fuck, that's when your shit start to pop.


But, And then when you don't care, you see how he turn his back on the people to help him get to where he got to. That's why I have the thing. The notion. The notion. I do that. Like, you know what, once I get to play, that's it. Yeah. So when you started The Chappelle Show, could you have envisioned that it was gonna be what it became? Now I know I'm going to piggyback on what you said about earlier. Yeah. The Wire. I didn't know. Yeah. Chappelle show I knew. And the reason why I knew The Chappelle Show, because I was the warmup comic on that show. Okay. Like when I say warmup comic, like when we did the wraparounds in the studio, I was the first, I was the first person you ever saw on that show.


It was my job to go out there and get the audience Warm audience. Yep. So I knew I could feel the energy from that audience. I knew it was gonna blow. And another thing, I used to call Neil every, every, every time episode because I used to be like, I was in the streets. I was still in the streets, still in Brownsville, Brooklyn. And I was like, I would call him, I like, yo, I was talking to the streets today. And they'd be like, what the streets say? I'll say, the streets say that shit was funny as shit. Right. Because, you know, Dave has had a level of success for the most part. Dave, earlier in his career, Dave Been a prodigy. He's been a prodigy. And then he had a level of success way before a lot of us. And we say that all we wanted to do when we first started was to work at College Circuit to make money. Yeah. He was a king of that.


They loved him Main Street, loved him and everything. But for some reason at that point his stuff was not resonating with the streets like that. Right. He was like, why, why you getting by the streets? Whoopi Goldberg, Mel Brooks, all these people. Okay. But I just felt a certain energy when I go to the barbershop, when I used to talk to Yeah. Like some real street. And they was fascinated with that. Right. Neil and Day was like, what did the streets say? 'cause they know what the executives say, what the streets say. And every week I would, every week I would just predict what the radio was gonna be. It was over. It kept going bigger and bigger. And even like another reason on that show, if you, if you are a historian on that show, you notice every time I did a character, when I come on, people just went crazy.


The reason why they went crazy. 'cause I was the warm up comedian before the sketch. So they would be connected to this stand up comedian and then, oh shit. So it was a bigger laugh. That's why when Beautiful came on, that's why when Ashley Larry came on, people did, it came off a bigger laugh because they're laughing at somebody that made them laugh before they even saw him in a sketch. How did you come up with the character Ashley Larry? That's, I didn't, well the character on paper, he was just a guy that had boxers on in dress shoes. Right. And stole his girl's money. But I knew on that show that I didn't get a lot of time to talk.


So I knew that any character I had, I had to physically be funny before I even say anything. 'cause I'm not gonna, if you, if you had an editor on a timeline, how much time I talked on that show, I didn't talk a lot. Right. But I knew that I wanted to be funny on site. So I went to Danielle, he was a makeup guy. I told him, I said, gimme some baby powder. Right. I said, I want to be so, I wanna be so ashy I could write how much money people owe me on the side of my leg. I wanted to be, I wanted to be the asst dude that when, when you see me go back and get the trash bag, that was real trash. I was like, how can I get the most, how do I get the most out of this with the least amount of time?


In fact, when we did World Series of Dice, that was the First time we had somebody outside of what was becoming a, the cast. Right. Charlie, Dave, Eddie Griffin was in that sketch. That sketch wasn't supposed, I wasn't supposed to pop that sketch. It was for Grs and Gravy there. That was for them. But I just couldn't stop. I just, it was just something I was possessed with something. I remember Charlie looked at me, he said, do you know what you're doing to this shit? I was like, I don't know. He said, man, you killing this shit. And I just went, I just went crazy. 'cause I knew I might not be here next week. Right. Eddie Griff even said something to me. He said, Donna, you know what I like about you in this show?


And in particular, he said, you're not afraid to get ugly. I wanna say I'm not too far from it. You know what I'm saying? I ain't never called, nobody ever called me fired. Right. You know, I was like, but he was like, just that person to get dirty. Don't give a fuck. Why wasn't nobody think? And then I knew that I was just, I was just only, I was just fighting to be on a, on another thing. But that's how the, the character was there. But I put the, the hot sauce on it. Right. Yeah. The success is having the show is having success beyond, I mean, you thought it was gonna be successful, but it probably at this point is even surprising you with the level of success that it's enjoying. Yeah. And then you find out that Dave is gonna step away. Right. Did he talk to you?


Did he talk to anyone about that? Or he just No, It just broke out. But I felt, we gotta realize that was going to the third season. Me and Charlie, we so excited. We got the Rich Bitch tour going on. We going back to the third season. Right. You know, it's a chance that it might be a situation where we can make more money. But we just excited about it. But I knew it was something weird because the last sketch I saw him, man, it was this show where we played monsters. I played a mummy, he played a wolf. And, and, and, and Charlie played Frankenstein, whatever. Right. And me and Charlie just having fun on set, we kicking it, we kicking it.


And I saw Dave, he was a werewolf and he was just looking like in the, in the, and he said, I guess 50 million is not enough. And I would look at him like, who you talking to? Yeah. 50 million not enough. I take the zero. You could take three more to Mil Zeros off. I'm good with it. And I didn't know that what was troubling, but that was just so for somebody that's still me, still coming up, not used to having no big money or anything. I was like, I don't even understand how anybody could say, I guess 50 million is not enough. I didn't understand that. And then he disappeared. Not not communicate with me.


But you gotta also realize, when we was doing the show me, and they weren't the best of buddies. We, I, I tried to keep my relationship be coworkers. I don't want to be all like, Hey Buddy, buddy, buddy, Buddy. Just let me go do my job, do My thing, and then Go and keep moving. So we never, even that time we hung out after the show. I, I, we really got connected after the show. Right after he came back. But like, he disappeared. And it was so funny 'cause I told Neil didn't know where he was and I said, man, I I bet you he went, he probably went to Africa and Neil was looking be like, why would you say that? But I remember we were in the green room one day. It was me, Dave most deaf. And Dave was, I think, I think most def was a real estate agent in Africa. 'cause he was trying to get everybody to come to Africa.


Every, I wanted to say, yo, you can't get all of Brooklyn to come to Africa because then Africa becomes Brooklyn. Make it a secret or whatever. Right. But I just had this weird feeling that he probably went there then cut to maybe two, three days later that they announced that he was in Africa. But for us, I never thought, I didn't know what the severity of what his thoughts were. I didn't never, I never thought that he wasn't gonna come back. In fact, when he left we was like, this, all right, we can go back on tour now. Right. Because we had thinking He was gonna come back. Yeah. We was like this, oh man, yeah. Let him take three months off. I'm just thinking about the money. We gonna stack up and come back.


But he never came back and he never communicated anything to me. Do you believe there was a number that he would've been willing to come back from? Or he was just over being underpaid for such a long time that he's like 50 million. If y'all gonna pay me 50 million, how much are you guys actually making? I don't, no. That's a tough question to only Dave could Probably answer. Dave could answer, but at the same time, I know he loves money, but he is not driven by money. You know what I'm saying? I think that it was probably, it prob more than likely something morally he didn't agree with. Right. But I don't think it was, I don't think that his decision to walk away was just the money. But I think that when he came back, it's like, now gimme my money.


Right. Yeah. But I don't think that that was that When you did the blacks get reparation skits, you know Prince, you know the skits are classic. The Rick James the Prince. Did, did you, I mean, when you're like on set and you're seeing him doing these skits, because I can just imagine Right. The the the hold it together. Yeah. Did you ever, like We never hold a hold it together. We ain't never held it together. Well, we blew so many takes. It was so many takes that we were always start with what we had on paper. Right, right. But then he sold Genius was sketching. It was always like, yeah, that's what's on there. But he always had something in his back pocket. He always had a draw for that. He was going to throw something. Yeah. And then after a while he kinda trusted us to get kind of loose and add that element to it.


But it was, I guarantee you half the stuff that was written on that paper never made it. And we just, we just got loose with it. Is that what makes you, is that what makes him so good is that he is a, and most comedians have this ability, is that their inability to improv the Yes, it's on the, it's on there. But if you let me do it my way, Kat said that, let me do it my way. And I promise you it'll be 10 times funnier. But You can't always. But see that's the problem that everybody's not gonna agree to that. Right. And the reason why that you got writers are getting paid a lot of money. You know, it's kind of insulting if you just basically saying, I'm gonna do all of that. Some people they did. That's the only way they can work. Right. But even in our case, we never want to disrespect the writers. Okay. We would do what Brian Tucker nailed them put on paper then was like this, okay, let me get one.


You know what I'm saying? But nah, you, you're not gonna have too many sets that's gonna let you do whatever you want. Just improv. Yeah. Because then now you start doing that. Now they gotta pay you as a writer. Right. There's a whole bunch of things. But it wasn't, but, but the thing that, well the thing about working with him is that he makes you go harder. It makes you wanna be, be the best that you can be. Is it true that r Kelly said Goons at Chappelle? I don't know. I don't, I don't know if it's true to r Kelly's sent Goons, but I know we had Goons too. So it was gonna be a goon, It was gonna be a Goon County. Yeah. It was gonna be a goon convention. But I don't know too much about that. But damn man, that was another thing.


We was like, it was, it was, the show was fearless. It was like, we gonna say we want and not care about what you think, but we do the funny first to deal with it after that. Could there be a Chappelle show today? Hmm. That would be a tough one. That would be a tough, I think certain things, I don't know if there could be a Chappelle show, but it would be interesting if there was a one-off, you know? Yeah. Just, but it's just so hard because now you gotta, Today's society is a lot different than today. But it's, it's about to change though, Shannon. It's like, I think it is, I think that, I think that the idea of cancel culture is about to be dead.


Good people getting frustrated with that. And after a while we went through that stage. We can't say can't say that, but people are getting sick of that. If anybody could, if anybody would be able to pull it off, it would be, it would be him. But I think that it's going to be time for us to get back to like, not concerning ourself what, what you think and, but what we think is funny and put it out there, If I'm not mistaken, I think I read that you what's the living color? Yeah. Which is kind of, I mean, was just Chappelle before Chappelle. Yeah. What about the living color? Didn't you audition For that? I auditioned to it. I auditioned for it, but I was green. I didn't know what I was doing. Okay. I auditioned for that. I was, like I said, when I first started, I came out high, but I just, I was green.


Right. I was funny as a standup and I had a couple of little quirky little characters and things I was doing that was different from everybody else. Right. But I wasn't, I wasn't ready for in Living Color. I auditioned for Saturday Night Live. That's where I met Neil. And in fact, that audition I did a Saturday Night Live. Tracy Morgan was on that same audition. Okay. And he got it. Right. I was a guy that told a funny story but did not understand when they say we need three original characters, what that looked like. I was telling long stories. And I remember Tracy Morgan, he did a, he did a character, A black hockey player. Yeah. And it was a very simple character, but he really committed to the character. Like he had the little things and everything.


Yeah. And I saw he looked like a sketch actor, but I, I wasn't ready for that. Right. Yeah. But you, So you didn't understand. You understand now. Now you probably go on an audition. You understand they, they send you the format, what they're looking for. Yeah. You go in there, you know what they're looking for you, you become back. Yeah. But back, back then, I, I was only getting shots because I was funny as a standup. Right. But again, I wasn't trained. I didn't know what I was doing. And that's, there was, you know, when I look back I was like, oh, if I was prepared for that, I probably could have got it. Right. But it wasn't the, I've been to, I always say it's a tortoise in here. I've been a tortoise for so long. I don't have, I don't have a problem with the slow route, how it's going. As long as I get my money now and keep going, I'm good.


Comedy Central moves in a different direction. They do Key and Peel, which does a lot of what you guys were doing. Right. Did you feel any sort of resentment where you like, bro, y'all that's us. All they did is Key and Peele but you guys are doing what Me Chappelle and Charlie Murphy would do? Nah, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't believe that. The reason why everything has a moment in time. Okay. You gonna compare it to first off to try to replace that time slot and everything. Of course it's going to, you're gonna compare it. But there's no way I just, A lot of the key and Peel stuff had been coming up on my timeline lately and I was like, they was so funny. They were, They was some funny And it could have been reversed. It could have been. They could have came before Chappelle's show. Right. And it would've been reversed.


I think it was a time thing. I think that they was in one of the toughest spots you could be to come behind the show. That became so much part of pop culture. And then you all, I know everywhere they went they was like, oh y'all trying to be Chappelle show it's sketch comedy. Right. You know what I'm saying? And then there's something to be said for like, basically there was two actors that read all these things, you know? And in the moment people are like, same time slot, whatever. But Right. I don't think, I don't, you know. But they had to be good because they stayed for an extended period of time. So they, Nah, they had to be good. They could just trying to prove a point to Dave. We got another nigga. We're good. You know how those people upstairs are No, just joking. Lemme ask you this. Yeah.


Let's just say for the sake of argument, Chappelle's show is going and we got the thing going on with Diddy. Would y'all have poked fun of that? I'm pretty sure we poked fun of Diddy. Before Diddy was Diddy, if You notice of the baby, If you notice Dave played, did he? And he had a lot of baby oil. His lips, he had Dave over. Dave knew something that we didn't know. Dave knew something. Now oil was would come in. Dave had one bottle of baby oil in that scene. Take that. Take that. Take that. Of course we would've 'cause we would've made fun of the things that's happening right now. That'd been a tough one. Hold on. I'm trying to figure out, hold on this.


But who haven't trafficked China? A lot of people. You Ain't never trafficked. Nobody. They not. I know you gonna say the right thing right now. Who ain't no right. I know you gonna say Ain't no right thing right now. Tomorrow. Yesterday. No. Ain't no traffic going on. No. Hold on. Can I ask you a question? Yeah. Okay. You Yeah. Successful athlete. Yeah. Lot of money. Little bit of money. Not a lot. Don't try to downplay it. I got a little bit bunny Hopping. Not just saying, I'm just saying.


Not one time I be to the sister in Your successful life, you have not flown someone in with the intentions of having sexual intercourse with 'em. My girlfriend. You should be a lawyer. God damn. You smart. I'm gonna leave it in death. I'm gonna leave it in death. I'm gonna leave it in death. Hello? Is this true? You got about you will sitting between Diddy and Russell. See first off, first off, first off. Well first off, Okay, get to the Second part. I'm okay. Second part, first off. Okay. Alright. What I'm trying to tell you is, alright. That what I'm okay. Let me play so to you. No, no. Hold On me.


No, I take a shot. I'm gonna tell you. I'm gonna tell you, I'll tell you. It is a photo that's going viral that 10 years ago, Shannon would've been a photo that've been iconic and people that wish they was in that picture. It wasn't until after the freak off shit that now picture looks suspect. But you look at that picture, Shannon, you see it different from me. What I saw in that picture. Yeah. First off, I saw eight successful black men. Okay? I saw, and I was there talking about friendship, creating general, sitting between his legs. Can I finish God, God. See what I'm saying? Well, lemme, can I get another drink?


Because I wanna hear this story. It, it's just my truth, which is I saw black excellence in that picture. That's what you saw. Alright, so, Alright. This how this, how this, how it happened. Okay? This how it happened. They was hating on me. I was on that boat, that yacht. And I was right. I was really, you remember what happened? Don't you trying to say I just, nah, don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't say you were messed off. I know. Ain't no, don't talk about that memory shit. All right. I don't mind way of that. I knew exactly what happened, which was nothing. But I was li I knew I was li you know, I, you know, I knew I was fucked up.


'cause Diddy looked at me like, damn, somebody get this off the boat. Right? I was, I was lip. And so they was really just, they did, everybody was mad. I was having a good time and they was trying to take this picture right. And everybody was taller than me. They was trying to block me out. They was already frustrated with me. Right. So I did. And this, it was a situation like this. I swooped around, went into the front of the picture, and I did like this. I did not know this nigga was right here behind me. Mm. And I, you know what? Why you asking me to tell you my story and you don't want to hear my motherfuck story? Or you coulda just said, don't matter what you said watch you was in between his legs and I wasn't. Im images. It was the, it was the depth camera people.


It was the depth of the photo. What do y'all call that shit when it's not focused and it's blurry? It was, it was that It wasn't blurry enough. We couldn't see you. Yo. I didn't know. I didn't listen. Man. I had a good time with that boat. All right. Yeah. I left. I left most people that was at these, at these situation. It ain't, it's the difference. Oh, that was a family. It was family. My son was on that goddamn boat. Alright, So you in the picture. I'm just saying. I be, see this is what we talk black on black crime right here. And and this is why I love that you in my standing routine.


Now I'm gonna get you back. I got you. Oh, I'm gonna send you some videos. I was waiting for this. Let's go. No, no, it's too late. Don't copy please. Now it's already and popping. Come on Kat. No, no can come on. Come on. I got a whole 20 minutes. But I'm just saying. But look, all in all seriousness right? You, you have defended. I did defend. I defended who? The parties that you didn't know what I first off, it's different parties. All right? Right. You can't, I didn't defend no party. I defended what that was. Okay. All right. Yeah. And that was family oriented.


But you don't remember a whole lot that day. You know what, lemme get a drink because I'm not gonna let you do this. I'm not gonna let you do this. I am not defending, what I'm saying is, of course there have been freak also. And of course how you know I read the same blogs you read. I read the same. I how I God damn. You just nigga turned to a lawyer. No, I'm saying, okay, word is on the streets. Okay. Right. Everybody know it's freak off. Everybody know Hollywood is Hollywood. I don't understand why all these motherfuckers act like, oh my God, they had a mansion party and they had cocaine and all these orgy drugs.


And C why do people don't know? I'm not saying you gotta be a part of it, but why is this? This whole thing is like, I can't believe they were doing that in Hollywood. And I understand Kat Williams came up here and it's part of my routine. I said Kat Williams on his couch for three hours and his feet never touched the ground. That's the first thing I said. Right. I did. Y'all didn't see the same thing. I saw y'all didn't see that. You know, cat coming back. I don't give a why give a, am I skinny? Katt Williams? No. For what? He probably come back, start your year off. Right. But I noticed feet was like this the whole time. And I told him and I, and I don't disrespect him, whatever, but I, and part of my routine, I said, Kat wasn't a funny person.


Everybody think it was funny. You was the funniest 'cause it didn't matter what the fuck Kat Williams said. You said, oh come on Kat. You can't say that. I like he just said it. No. Gimme a card. Gimme a card. You was like this. Oh, come on Kat. No, Kat. Come. Come. Oh, Kat, come on. No, Kat. Oh, there you go. That there. Oh, Kat, these are my friends Cat. No, come on Kat. Cat, cat, cat, cat, cat, cat, cat, cat, cat. Ocho, ocho, ocho, ocho. Hey skip, skip Ocho. See the difference between me and you is you were your watch to tell Tie all. And I wasn't every party Diddy had and I wasn't at too many.


Okay. Wait. I was at too many. Okay, how you helping? You the cameraman man? What you doing? No, I'm just saying I don't know that side of it. That's what I'm saying. And I'm not defending anything. What I'm defending what that incident was, he does a party every Christmas holiday. Right. St. Martin's, St. Bart, St. Martin, St. Bart's, whatever it is. And it was gifts. Gifts exchange. Huh? A gifts exchange. We had dinner. Okay. No gifts was changed. It was just a vibe. Okay. I was there. We was vacationing with Dave. It was just a vibe.


We went over there. It was a vibe. And the thing I'm gonna tell you, the thing that I did like about it, that party was that Kimora was there. Yeah. Kim Porter was there. Okay. My baby mother was there, Dave's kids was there and I was, well the only thing I saw, and I don't know what happened to anything else, what I saw was a vibe. Okay. What I saw was a good thing. And that's what I'm saying. Anytime you say anything about, oh, you're defending, I'm not defending, I don't know nothing about the free parties, but I do know right There go Nah 'cause you about to get crazy. Nah, no. I can tell. I gotta get loose. Shit what I'm saying, go ahead and say it. That's how Diddy party start.


Right. No, I'm just saying, lemme put my tie back on. I know you about to say some slick shit. Yeah. That's how it gets you take the towel off. Start throwing your shit around. I'm not saying that. What I'm saying was, what I know was that was family joint and was cool. People can make out what they try to make it to seem what it was. That's not what it was for me. That's what I'm saying. Okay. I I I'm not here. You know, I cast no judgment. I don't look at you with judgy eyes. That's your story. If you could do a close up, those are very judgy eyes. Yo your eyes judgy and shit. Anytime you turn your glasses off and wipe your shit off, don judge your eyes back. Because I been Crying man. You had me up here crying.


No, I'm just saying it is what it is. I know. I I said no. Did he? Yeah. I said it So, So You know he coming home, right? I don't know man. I, I don't look, honestly, I don't pay attention to that stuff. I know you don't. I don't because it, I'm, I'm sorry for the people that was impacted by it, but that ain't got nothing to do with me, man. I ain't never, I ain't never been to nobody's house. Why the fuck you ask me? Because you the picture? No, you coulda just, if you really, I Didn't say you was in the Picture. Like you, if you I was like that son. I wasn't like that. I, I was in it like this. I was like, I was in like the most interesting man in the world. So I was like this. I was doing real shit. Who wanna drink? That's what I did.


But it was the Fact that you, between the man legs though, you sit That nigga legs. I wasn't in between this. He was right there. Yeah, I was right here. You, but you laid down like this. I wasn't like, I ain't even know he was back there. How you not Know? He was back there. You snuck in the picture. Think this is what I just said. All these people right here. Yes. I can't see who in the front. Shannon. Okay. I can't see who in the front, so I run around the side. I couldn't see, I ain't even know. He, I turned around. It just, so it just so happens you photo bombed and you between the mad legs, That's, you know what? I photo bombed and I was in an awkward position.


You don't gotta say between bald legs. That's So you need to, you got the wrong word. Play. I photo bombed and was in a situation where people to perceive to be very suspect. Okay. Or as the kids say, sus that's what it was. You could take. How would you perceive it? If you look, if you are not, if you are not the person, that's, how would you perceive it? I was look at, if I saw that picture, yeah. I would say, you know what it looks like black excellence is in this photo. Right. And these guys was having a good time and it slipped into a compromises position. That's what I did say. No further Questions. This concludes the first half of my conversation.


Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever pla podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Shehe profile and I'll see you there.


Whether You're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nam Kinter type of a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Mers here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on Le Tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with v and de the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.