
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic 'cause we came to play Bring the Magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears. On the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


So what, what's the dating scene like for Cheryl Underwood? Okay, Go ahead. Let's play the role. Action. Ask out. Ask me out My name. Is she s Sharp? How you doing? I know You. Come on. Let go. All I gotta do is take these muscle relaxers. I dunno why you even think you need to me your name. I'm already taking my clothes off before I ain't even got in the car. Why is this bitch naked on the curb All my life, grinding on my life. Sacrifice, hustle, pay the price. Won a slice. Got the roll of dice. The all my life. I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, pay the price. Won a slice. Got the roll of D, the all my life.


I been grinding all my life. Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host Shannon Sharpe. I'm also the proprie of Club Shehe. Today we're at the beautiful eight lounge at Resorts World Las Vegas. Stopping by for conversation on the drink today is one of America's most loved television personalities. She's broken various as a comedian for over 35 years. Daytime Emmy and NAACP image award-winning television host, a talented actress, a hilarious performer and entertainer sought after public speaker, multi-talented media personality. An acclaimed executive producer, prolific writer, savvy businesswoman and successful entrepreneur. Multifaceted philanthropist.


A member of the Arkansas Black Hall of Fame. A proud Diamond Life member of Zeta Phi Beta sorority. One of er one of the most entertaining acts around a legendary comedian. The one, the only Cheryl Underwood. Then why the We Ain't Married Then you gave up my damn credit. Now here's what you thought was gonna happen on your show. This is Club. It's club. Cheryl. Cheryl. Now, Okay, Go ahead. We sat in the car in Denver. Yes. I'm gonna tell the story. Right, because when you came on the talk, you walking out with a flower looking all dashing and shit. And I was like, this is the same dude I was trying to pull in the, In 1993 Denver. Yeah man. Yes. Okay ladies. And You wanna tell this is how it happened.


You Wanna tell you tell it. Okay. I saw her on Def Comedy on Comic View in 1992 and she was performing in Denver. Yes. Me and a couple of my teammates went to the desks like, man, Cheryl Underwood performing. I was like, man, she funny ish. I said, let's go check out. So we go check out. Yeah. And so at the end of the show it is late. I mean, I think I saw, I saw the Late show and I say, man, you know I wanna go back here and meet. It's like, do do she know you? I was like, nah, she don't know me. But she's like, okay. So they knock on the door, you come in, I introduce myself. Hey, I'm Shana Sharp. She's like, Ian, I know who you are. Yeah, gotta do. That's right Sha. You ain't gotta do all that for him. Now that he's proprietor Club Shay Shay, he don't know how to say no, but that's all right.


When we was in the car, you should know how to say it. Yeah, because we was in the Car. We was in the car. You Ain't telling the story. Right? Hold on. Okay. It was, it was late. And she's like, okay, I'm going back. I said, you know what, I'll give you a ride to your hotel. I thought I was just gonna give her a ride to the hotel. We talk on the way to the hotel, she get out, she like, ah nah Ian, we you finna talk to me. I Was like, listen, he ain't telling it. Right. Lemme tell you what really happened. So you walked up to me. Big sexy ass black nigga. Matter of fact, what you need to do, put some lotion on your ashy ass hand right here. I did. You ain't Knuckles looking like Wesley Snipe. Get it together boy, you too rich to be looking Ashy too dark skinned Negroes wearing glasses. Don't need to be ashy on this show.


I'm ashy, I guess I'm Don Wallace. Yes you are. Yeah, you Ashy. Listen. You better know it. So here's what happened. Okay? What happened? So I'm looking at you with your sexy butt and it is quite late. Yeah it is. Right? So then you said, well what would you like to do after this? Yes. So I thought to myself, you know, what would any other woman want to do? I said, I would like to go on the carriage rock. You said I will take you. I said, hold on, let me finish selling these CDs, these tape, these cassette tapes. These folks remember that. Yes. And So you are walking up the stairs and I'm still trying to get my money. Money. And some women in the, you go, come on, if you going to go.


And I go, who? The You talking right? Because we just met. We just go, we not in a relationship. No, you talking to me like we've been together for years. Because you go, come on if you wanna go. Because If you go and I'm going, I gotta go to work in the morning. I ain't got all night. Okay. And so the women go, you know, he's calling you. He said, I said I don't give a fuck. I've been she underwood long before. So then we get in the car, can't find the carriage rod. Right. So we talking and we talk all Night long, all that. We talked for about two hours. Sure did. And we became good Friends. We came, we exchanged numbers until this day. That's right. Every time if I'm somewhere and she's there, we're gonna have my find a way to connect Abso. Absolutely. She's been this Cheryl. Yes. Since I met her in 1993.


Yes. And I'm very proud of you and what you have achieved. The question I have for you is what the, is in the cognac to make these dudes come on this show and bitch up like they up talking about each other. When did men start gossiping Shana? What is in this that make people tell stories? First of all, let clink on it because two country Negroes drink brown liquor. Isn't America great? Unbelievable. It unbelievable. Well see I like sip mine. You like choke yours down. No, I just sipped it. I was trying to bill Cosby you one night, but you, you wouldn't go for it. I said go. I said go drink. Go drink it. Go drink it. Go drink it. Go drink it.


And we never had the the Instagram accidentally press the button. There you go. Sugar. Because I No, 'cause I'm too savvy for that. Listen ladies, every red light ain't no smoke detector. Right. You gotta know about dudes. You gotta look under the bed. You gotta see if there's people in the closet. You know what I'm saying? I came to talk to you. Now there's three more teammates I in the closet waiting on me. Okay, listen. What are we supposed to be talking about? Lemme move my lotion. 'cause you look like you need some more. No, I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. Dang. What is in, you know what you trying to find chicken? Lemme ask you a question. Yes. What is in this that makes I, I'm not against dudes coming on here. Right. But what is making them tell these stories that they're telling? I think the fact is that they want to get this off their chest.


They've been holding this for a long time and they don't, they wanted a safe space that they feel they could share this. What I love is no women come on here beefing. Right. Like these dude beef, which I think is very entertaining. But I have said in my comedy show, the mix and Mingle tour 2025. Okay. If we could get as many people that watch the episodes of all the great confessions to vote, we would be in a different political space. You would've. So I need you to use your platform Right. To encourage good things. Now I noticed that you kind of throw it out there and then let them get full of this liquor and then start talking and pop it off in the Mouth. No, no, no.


What we, we toast to begin Cheryl? Yeah. We toast It. Okay. We toast you. Right. And then that's it. Now if they wanna pour a little bit more, I don't, I don't pour 'em anymore. They pour. That's right. Yeah. They wanna talk. I let 'em talk And you let 'em just talk the way they talk. Yes. But don't you think it's Well for me, I'm glad there's no females doing this. I'm glad we don't come on here and I Really ain't had a whole lot. I'm trying to get more. Who you trying to get? Shout em out. I Think I'm trying to get some more. Dale Gibbs I think should be great. I think it'd be great. Ade Gibbs because I'm, I, Me and Adele got long stories. Yeah. Me and some more long stories. You heard about when I accidentally dialed Into the Congress. We gonna get, we gonna get to that. We gonna get to It? Yeah. Damn you trying to, Hey, lemme do my job. Do your job. Damn.


Okay, let's, let's start off with this. What is it true? Mm. That you started off as a lingerie model in Chicago? Yes. That's what we were calling it. It was lingerie modeling. It was, it was a tavern off Stony Island. Okay. I, I answered an ad. I was trying to pay my way through school. Okay. My dad was giving me a place to stay and, and helping me as much as he could. And I needed to make money. Okay. And so I answered the ad and you know I can't walk in heels. Everybody know that. Right. So what happens is you put on the lingerie, right. You model it and then the guys tip you. If they like it, they'll buy, they Tip you to take it off. Oh that's what it You stripping the hell yo.


Talk about you did your lingerie. What the I just got off CCBs. Can you calm the, I'm trying to get back on daytime tv. Whatcha doing? No, I was not stripping, I was not surf boarding. I was not, I don't have that kind of skill, that strength, you know, I don't have that, What they call it now. Okay. Five for the 20 for the top and 20 for the bottom. Take that off. Okay. Boom. So they were paying for you to take it off? No, they was paying for me to keep it on because I was horrible. That's what happened. I was horrible. That's when I knew I was funny because God let you know what you not supposed to be doing. Okay. Okay. So I think I'm over here doing it, doing it, Doing It, doing it, doing it.


Wow baby. They was like, no, go home. Go home. This is what you need money for school. Them hood dudes was like, here, take this money. Go home, go to school. 'cause this you cannot do. And I'm not good at it. That's why if you have sex with me, it better be lights off and what Eddie Murphy say in the movie, can you make it darker you, because I do not show you certain things. People think because of the type of comedy I do, it's very sexual and profane. Right. That I'm just throwing it out there. That is, I'm not, I'm, I'm not, I'm really kind of reserved, you know? But, but I was doing that to pay my way through school. So, so that's true. 'cause I hear that a lot of times it's a true story. I'm only doing this to pay my way through school. Once I get through school, I'm gonna be done with this.


Well I only had a few days to do it 'cause I was garbage. That's why happened. And that's why I had to get into comedy. And then, you know, when you make a hood do laugh. Yeah. You funny. You do something. You Funny. Right. So that's when I knew I was funny. So check this out. You got an associate's degree from Fresno City College. A bachelor's degree from the University of Illinois at Chicago. A master's degree from governor of State University in Chicago. And an attorney assistant certificate in UCLA. What the hell? You need all them degrees for Cheryl. I thought I was gonna go to law school while I was working on my comedy career. And I have four honorary doctorate. Three of them from HBCUs, Voorhees College Benedict College and South Carolina State, and one from my own alma Mater University, Illinois, Chicago.


So I am a doctor four times, even though it's bestowed. But I wanted to be able to sit across from my lawyer and be able to understand the contracts. I wanna sit across from my accountant, be able to understand the numbers. I want to be able to run a corporation. We are corporations. Correct. I did not want someone to be able to over intellectualize my life when I didn't understand what was going on. So I felt if I got an education, I could stand toe to toe with anybody and I can talk to anybody. I've been to the White House, you know, when President Obama came in. The only reason I was cautious about going is 'cause my father was not alive to see a black man become president of the United States.


And that, that kind of made me feel melancholy. But when you talking about where we come from, who we are to be able to do what we are doing, there is some sophistication to that. Most comics, very, very smart athletes. Very, very smart. But people don't want to portray us as that. We created all knowledge, all law, medicine. Go back to the motherland and you will see what we created. Navigation. We were in countries. Go back and look at everybody's statues and you will show that we were, that it's a statue of somebody. Look just like you in every country out there. Every country your was in Game of Thrones.


So you, you wanted to do all this. Yes. But comedy got you sidetracked. No, comedy is where I made my money. Comedy is where, where I found I can make money. I mean, I had jobs, I was a waitress. You know, I, I did my jobs on campus and things like that. But where I found that I was most prolific was comedy. And I remember calling my father and telling him that I was going to do a show called Def Comedy Jam. Okay. And my father, you know, very spiritual family, you know. And I said, daddy, I'm gonna do this show on HBO. He said, what is that? It's called Def Comedy Jam. What you gonna be doing? I said, I'm gonna do comedy. You. Yes. I was like, yes sir, yes sir.


I'm Drew County. The only thing he asked me was, was I good at it? And I said, I'm one of the best at adult comedy. Wow. I'm good at it. He said, because he called me his son 'cause I'm his firstborn. Okay. He said, son, as long as you are the best at it, I will support it. And I'm going to pray that God gives you time. The way he gave, you know, we country people talk, Eddie Murphy, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. And Richard Pride. So he prayed for that. Right. But he never came to see me live because after he got saved, gave his life to Christ. He said he told God he would not go into a nightclub, a tavern, a bar or anything.


So he never saw me live. But he would watch me on TV and he got a kick out of the profane that, because he said, people would love to see you with your little glasses on, with a Bible in your hand. Right. But that's not what you're portraying. That's not, you're called it. That's what, that's not what I'm portraying. But I do sprinkle God in the show. Right. 'cause I believe God knew me before he, I knew myself. So for me, comedy was the thing that paid my bills. Comedy was the thing that I loved and has loved me back unconditionally. And I believe I'm good at what I do. And I never planned to be a female comic. I wanted to be a great comic comic. And when Chris Rock says on the an 25th anniversary of Def Comedy Jam, the two people he didn't wanna follow Bernie Mac and me.


That's a badge of honor. Wow. Cheryl, when did you know you were funny? Were you funny as a kid? No, I'm doing an impersonation of my father and my brother. My oldest brother. All my family members are funny. My Uncle William, uncle Junior, all Uncle Bill, all my uncles, uncle Cliff, all of them are funny. Okay. On both sides of my family, mother, father, you know, everybody's funny. So I would just sit in the kitchen and I was trying to figure out, I started as a singer. Okay. You know, sing in the church choir. Right. You know, but when you black and you sing, you got sign you can't just Yeah, yeah. You, yeah. Yeah. You can't Just play around with it. So I had to really find something I could do. I started as a dancer. That's how I got into what I call sexual interpretive dance. Yeah.


But you weren't good at dance. I wasn't good at that. I thought I was gonna be Lola fella. You know Paula Kelly? You know how old I am. Yeah. Yeah. So I thought I was gonna be that. But then when I couldn't cut in that I said I gotta find a way because I knew I wanted to be in the entertainment business. Okay. Because I wanted to be in a business that would appreciate all of my talent as performer and producer. So once I got the comedy and found I could do it and there was a certain type, it was political, sexual, and spiritual. That's what I do. And, and I found a way to do it well and then get dropped on a daytime con. A daytime talk show. Yeah. Oh, you had all these jobs. You interned for Oprah at W-L-S-T-V ww.


Wow. Y'all dug deep. Yeah. Yeah. Did you have, did you have interactions with Oprah? Absolutely. Absolutely. And Oprah is a very smart and prolific person with a great sense of humor. But see, I was living in Chicago. Okay. So we would, I remember when Steadman was a model and he had a billboard across Cottage Grove. And he was playing basketball, I think overseas. And, you know, they would bring all the, you know, go up to Trinity, you know, church, you know, we, church of Christ, we, 87th Street, church of Christ, they Trinity, you know, you can go to all church. I go to all churches. Okay. 'cause I want to enjoy the word of God, preach by somebody that know the Lord and with some great music and a good dinner after it's over and be able to buy soda. But for me, seeing Oprah Winfrey and then becoming a talk show host on my own, I think she opened the doors for us.


Right. But one of the things that I remember is when she came to Chicago in the eighties, it was the Bud Billiken parade and it was raining. And we were all looking at the TV going, we hope this sister makes it. And look at what God has done for her life. Did you, when you were interning for Oprah Yes. Did you have any idea she would become what she later become what she is today? Yeah. You could see it. You could see it. And, and I, I believe in friendly competition. You know, for people to say, oh, she knocked off Donahue. No, what she did was elevate the game so it could go to a different level. And I would like to do the same. And since you over here giving people podcast jobs and all kinds of jobs, okay, how can I be down? And I need my money in cash ain't because, you know, if we wasn't gonna kick it, like we shoulda kicked it, I need my money in cash.


You try to do a pod, I would You gonna produce it? Yeah. Okay. Now listen to me. Don't, don't be just 'cause we, you know where the camera, I need to look at the shadow world. This camera right here. You been in TV for 25 years. Now I need to tell the world, this is a commitment. Brothers and sisters something that he doesn't do well. So, so you've heard him say It. That's cj, CJ handles club Sheha in the podcast. You, you would do one. Yeah, I would. Yes. Absolutely. Okay. What would you suggest that I do? 'cause I have an idea. Well, That's on you. Because if you do it authentically, if this is something that you really wanna do Yes. As opposed to me telling you what I think you should do.


Yeah. Is gotta come from here. I know what I wanna do. Okay, we'll do that. I wanna be everything I couldn't do in daytime. I wanna do it at nighttime. Okay. I want the language to be relaxed. I wanna be able to ask, I wanna be having one question. What? What the was you thinking? That's what I wanna ask. To me. That is the show. Okay. What the fuck was you thinking? And I wanted to be small, cozy with a little bit of audience. And whether you a social media phenomenon or a politician, I wanna ask Republicans, now that y'all won, you broke it, you bought it. What you going to do? What you thinking? You know what I'm saying? I want to ask Democrats. So when you lost, what you going to do now? You know what I'm saying? I wanna be able to ask athletes questions like, oh boy.


With the girl. Right. He love her. Yeah. You know who I'm talking about? You talking about Jalen greed with the, with Dre Michelle? No, the other girl. Travis. Travis. Travis. Travis Hunter. Yeah. Okay. He love her, don't he? Yeah. Okay. But now he won't be able to sample the greatness of the buffet that God is about to lay in front of him. Will he? If he stick with that one girl? He might. That's all he want. He might just, his palette might Be that's all he want right now. His palate might not be, you know, Listen to me. Okay, listen, go ahead. My, That's your camera. Listen to me. I done went through two different conferences, different leagues. I done won four, five Super Bowl rings. I done went offense, stop offense, offense and Defense. Stop.


People. What? Listen, I'm not diving people out, you know, wait, I lost somebody over a misunderstanding. What's the misunderstanding? Okay, so good. I'm gonna name I'm, well, I don't know if I want name names 'cause I don't know. You Ain't gotta name no name. But what was the misunderstanding? Okay, so I thought I was dating the quarterback of a football team. Okay. And I was really happy then. I thought I was gonna put on an apron and live happily ever after while I still work. Comedy things were going well. I taped a laugh of palooza with Jamie Fox. Jamie Fox, Marcus King had a great set, great political set. Thought I was gonna bomb because everybody was doing they club set. And this was back when Baby Bush was in office after September 11.


And I was doing some very sophisticated hood political material. Okay, go get the tape and you'll see what I was doing. Okay. Get a standing ovation in the set. David Allen Greer comes around the corner. I can tell the story 'cause he tells it too. David Allen Greer comes around the corner. I think he's going to hug me to congratulate me. He swabs me down, tickle them tonsils all the way down in esophagus, in the gl all the way down in the intestines. All the way to where I was trying to find David Allen grid at night. And then when the tape, when the show comes out, I get a phone call. I don't think this is going to work out. I said, what are you talking about?


And he, you kiss some other men. Who did I kiss? Then he tells me what is, I didn't kiss him. He kissed me. Why ain't you tell him though? I say, look, there's gonna be a situation that I did very well in my set. And a friend of mine, he came and he, you know, he, he gave me a Kiss. I didn't think Jamie and them was gonna leave it in the footage. I thought it was Congratulations. No, I thought it would've been me. They left it in the footage. So I didn't see it. I don't watch me after it's, you know, edited and everything because I be like, oh, they took out the joke about the frog and the diaper. You know, I, I I I don't, I don't do that. Right. So when they left it in there, and then what what bothered me is you didn't ask me anything you just told me.


Why do strong athletic men get upset about the littlest thing? You win a damn Super Bowl. It's all over you. I'm not gonna be mad, But I don't mean he tong them down. Yeah. But if you want to, you can. Matter of fact, I need four you to tag in 'cause I'm not doing all this work. Tag in. Come on. Get this. Can I say, come on, get this long stroke because I'm not doing, I'm gonna go outside and make sandwiches because you look like you gonna be hungry after this. I'm over there besides and shoulders. You can handle this girl. I've been taking this pounding every night. You can do it. Come on in. If you And I was married.


Yeah. If, let's say you and I was married Yeah. And you wanted to, what would be the freakiest thing you would wanna do? Because I know you freaky. Freaky. I ain't really that freaky Shut up Public. I, I, I like the thought of being caught but not being caught. So the problem of somebody walking by and actually seeing me. Oh, You voyeuristic. Yeah. You want somebody see you? Yeah. Okay. Would you wanna do a fivesome? Nah. You and four women? Nope. Why? One on one? One? No wonder I dodged the bullet that night because I wasn't taking all of that. No, when you got out the car, I said, God damn. And then I said, thank you Jesus. And then, and then when you was like, well I'm gonna go home and go to bed, I was like, woo.


Because I wasn't taking all that because I, you know, I'm short. You know? Yeah. Your big blocking out the moon. I was like, oh, thank you. Thank you. I wasn't taking all of of that. And for all you women that wanna have sex with that guy. Mm. He ain't bringing nothing to Sharp.


What's up guys? It's your favorite dunk here. Shannon Sharp. I wanna let you guys in on something. I'm proud to be a role partner. And today we're talking confidence because confidence isn't just how you walk into the room is also about how you handle business. Once you're in the bedroom, you know what they say. If you stay ready, you don't have to get ready. That's where Rose Sparks come in. Rose Sparks are the two in one prescription treatment designed to help you get stronger, harder, full erection that dissolve right under your tongue and hit the bloodstream fast. Working in just about 15 minutes on average, that means more time for the good stuff and less time for waiting. And let me tell you, sparks keeps you in the game for up to 36 hours. You're ready to go for round two, three, or even in the morning after. Plus Sparks makes it easy. Everything is done a hundred percent online. No awkward conversation than the doctor's office. If approved. Sparks shipped straight to your door. If prescribed new sexual help patients get $15 off. Sparks on reoccurring plan to find out if the prescription Rose Sparks are right for you. Connect with your provider at rose.co/shehe. That's row.co/shehe for $15 off your first order. Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law but are not FDA approved. For full safety information, visit ro.co/info.


Jerry Springer, were you on Jerry Springer? Yes, I was. How The hell you get on Jerry Springer? So I used to do this, do jokes about my complexion. Okay, now people say, well why do you talk about the way you look? Why do you talk about, because self depreciation in comedy is a standard right? To talk about yourself. I really don't like to talk about people. 'cause people get their feelings hurt. They do. You know, they get the feelings hurt. But I will talk about people generally, but then at that time I was talking about being darker skinned. Okay. You and I both had this same conversation. Yes. We are pretty black. Am I right? Yeah. Body look all one color. Yeah. If you lay down on the table right now, you gonna disappear because your body is all one color. Correct. Right? Yeah. So I was doing jokes like that.


So then someone said, would you come on Jerry Springer, we're gonna talk about light skinned it verse dark skinned it. And me and my sister went on there. 'cause my, you know, we all have that in our family. Yeah. One of us is this right? One of us. Is that? Yes. And it was a great experience and it taught me how to do tv. 'cause I was hitting them jokes. I was hitting them jokes. And that's how I got a reputation to be on tv. And if it wasn't for j Jerry Springer appearance and the View, wow. If it wasn't for the View, I don't think I would've landed on the talk. 'cause they may not have seen me. Or may have felt because my comedy is so adult that I couldn't do daytime tv.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in Your Ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah. You was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race. Is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason Run.


What's up everybody? I'd Nam Bur here today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL UN scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast. Movies, television, food, wrestling. Even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts. Perky. That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demurs, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


When did you find out you could get on stage and you know what? I could, I could actually make a career. I can make a living doing this When I got paid for it. When you paid me for it. Oh, I can do it. That's right. I can do it. And you know, first you get a little bit of money. Right? Get enough money to fill your gas tank up. And I remember working at Republic Insurance in North Hollywood, in California and I was an underwriter, right? So I would work my eight to five job, keep my club closed in the trunk of the car, go drive and do a gig and sometimes drive to three different cities in Southern California that night. And then come back to the job, sleep in my car and go to work. But that's what a college education did for me.


But a street sensibility that grind, that hustle is what made me do it. What made me, I have to succeed. Even getting on Def Comedy Jam, I was trying to get on Def Comedy Jam and, and they heard about me, but I was performing under two names. My maiden name and my married name. So I think they thought it was two different people. So by the time my husband dies and I've moved to Los Angeles, I'm still trying to get on the show. And me and another comedian, Andre, we drove to New York. We missed the audition at the Peppermint by an hour. The peppermint had closed. And I remember we came back, my my cousin baby doll and my other cousin, Ernest Lee took me to the Peppermint Lounge and my cousin baby do worked for a hush production.


That's Melba Morris, a company management company with Freddie Jackson and them. Yeah. So we get there. I think I'm a bomb. 'cause Marvin Dixon gets up and you know, he does that Jamaican dance high girl thing. Tears the room apart. Bill Bellamy brings me up and they tell me to do seven minutes. I think I ended up doing, 'cause I, I think I drank about a triple shot of gin Triple shot me. And I just went on autopilot and I did 10 minutes of political humor and 10 minutes of sexual and spiritual humor and got a stand ovation. And that's when I got Apollo Comedy Hour uptown and Def Comedy Jam.


Same day, same night you Mentioned about all the, okay, you working eight to five, you working eight to five, you kept your clothes in the car. Yeah. You go do a gig, you drive to different cities and you do the other gigs. You sleep in your car. You are highly educated. You got multiple degrees. Yeah. The grind. A lot of people don't want to grind like that. Especially man, somebody just need to get me a job. I got all these degrees. But that wasn't your thought process. You like, Hey, I'm gonna grind. I'm gonna make it even though I have all these degrees. Yes, I know the grind. I know what it takes. Oh, I'm grinding right now. The talk is off the air. Right. But I wanna take that experience to produce content. Movies unscripted, everything TV shows.


But you got to have that grind because you gonna get no more than you get. Yes. Yes. And people are depending on me. My sister depends on me. My disabled sister is depending on me. Right. So I gotta make this work. Where does she go if something happens to me now, would I like to have a man by my side that helped me build and run this empire? Hell yeah. But the average man, and this is what we hear, you are intimidating. I don't know. No true man. No hard leg dude is intimidated by five two woman that talk for a living. Am I right? No. Okay. Why am I not right? No, I'm not saying you are right because he shouldn't be. Right. Because if he has his own, why is he intimidated by what you're doing?


And And he don't have to have his own, he can work at the damn gas station. I know I'm gonna get free gas and honey buns and dos and all kind of shit if my man work at the gas station. But here's the thing. What the way we were brought up is that the man takes care of the house. The the woman doesn't take care of the man. I, I don't probably You grew up in Arkansas, if I'm not mistaken. Yeah. I grew up in Georgia. Yes. And every situation that I saw is that the man, my uncle, my grandfather, everybody that I knew, the man ran the house. The man took care of everything. And so to have it, the flip side, I don't know, a lot of times men, ego and their pride. Well, here's what my dad told me. He said, listen son, he said you're gonna have a problem because a man goes to work Monday through Friday.


Get his check, wanna take his gal out for dinner or a movie or something and go to church on Sunday. You will be working those days. But if a man truly, truly looks beyond that and see what we can build young or old, what you can build with a woman by your side that understands I'm, that when I'm working, when I come home, I'm going to fix the meal. I'm gonna fix your plate. I don't eat before a man eat. I did not eat before my father ate. A lot of women go you stupid as fuck. No. That's just the way I was raised. Respect for a man. Yeah. And if you are a real man, you will understand. I'm not out in these streets doing nothing. I'm not going to different cities doing nothing. What I want is a man by my side that will help me build.


And that's what I'm looking for. And I think there's a man, there are men out there that I think would be with me. Right. The only thing is if you're, if you think that's what I am, if you think I'm argumentative because I'm so good at what I do on stage, then get to know me. That's the biggest problem. We don't get to know each other. And then I think sometimes as women, we so used to being a man and a woman in our relationship that we don't, We don't about to fall back and just be the woman. There you go. And I know how to make a sandwich. You want cheese on your sandwich. What you need, what you need. I know what to do. I wanna pick up the dry cleaning. I wanna do what I saw my my mama mama who raised me and, and who was married to my father.


I wanna do what they're doing. I wanna be the wife while I go out and slay a dragon. We back to back on slaying these dragons. That's what I want. So how can I find it? And who are you call right now? Don't y'all have a toll free number? What We gonna, we gonna put one up at the end of the show? Put One up at the end of the show. That's why the tour is called the Mix and Mingle Tour. Because I want people to mix. And Ming, there are a lot of lonely people out there, but you know, who's lonely the most Men. Men who don't want to take the chance of getting to know a woman and saying that's that's my girl. That's what I'm looking for. You know, so why not? And if you can take me without a wig and makeup. 'cause I look like George Jefferson without, if you can take that, if you can take the fact that all I wanna do is watch the news.


I watch sports all day long. I watch news all day long. I watch old movies all day long. But I'm gonna do what I need to do as a wife and a woman that love you. Right. But I work around guys. Ain't nothing happening. I don't. I pay What kind of dumb is that? You think I'm this dude? Well, yeah, come get it. Come get it. Get this buddy. Get this buddy. Your job is not over. Come get this buddy. Su She's not as bad as she thinks. Yeah. Because usually I tell people, I tell, you know, ask me when we get to dating, we need to talk about dating and maybe I'm doing it wrong. Maybe that's where I'm up. You think? 'cause I will tell a man, you know, whether I'm giving up some ass or I will tell him, you know, it's, it's not gonna be as great as you think.


I got one good move. One good one good. No, I got one and a half. One and a half. I do one thing very well. Yeah. Why you frying? I ain't frying it because You coulda had it, but your ass jumped out the car. Like you, you jumped out the car like you was on the Dukes. So you did jump out the car fast. I was midnight. I gotta go to work today. Morning. I was gonna, you was gonna sleep wherever you was. I'm gonna drop you. I was go, I got one good movie. I was gonna drop him that night later. Nah, but I, I mean I'm old school sha You don't have do that on the first date. On the first night. Let, We had been talking from one night to the next night.


Remember you said it midnight. So two nights. It was two nights. You need to pay attention. See I had a strategy ladies. I had a strategy. I'm gonna talk him all the way till he got too sleepy to drive. That's it. What Do you remember your First time on stage, the very First time you got on stage? You mean Paid as a comedian or just on stage? Yeah. First getting paid your first gig. Oh, Probably was the hummingbird in Chicago. But I have been doing comedy everywhere. I've been doing comedy in high school. I was the rally commissioner Okay. At Waterer High Castle Air Force Base. And I somehow f dangled my way into being the rally commissioner. And there were big productions.


That's when I knew I wanted to produce content. We as the Falcons, we, we weren't winning the game. You know, Merced High School was always beating us. Right. The Bears was always beating the Falcons. But the rallies were low attended e events. Right. When I became rally commissioner, everybody was getting up early in the morning to come to rallies. 'cause I was doing comedy, I had music in it, dancing. I had at least 500 people in a gym. Wow. Every Friday when we had games. So that's when I knew I could produce. And it was funny, my principal, Mr. CJ Groves, he said, you know, you're very, very funny. Don't let these young people pull you down the road of Blue Adult come comedy.


In my mind I was thinking it's too late Mr. Grove because I'm, I'm already there. I'm already there because who I loved in comedy, the Richard Pryor. Yes. You know the py Meet Markhams, you know, the, the, the comics that I loved and wanted to be like, I wanted to be Gregory Richard Pryor. But I wanted to be some of those comics that I wanted to be able to talk about anything anyway. With a language that the street will understand and bring people together at the same time. Even if you disagree with me, Miller Comedy Search. Yes. How did you get discovered for that? We heard that there was a competition and they didn't, normally you don't have a lot of females in the competition.


And I remember that was where I met Damon Waynes. Okay. And he great mentor for me. And he was trying to produce a sitcom for me to be in. And all the males who understood what I was trying to do, they always encouraged me. When people say, well, do you think it was hard for you 'cause you was a female no harder than it was for anybody else. You had to be funny. Did, did, did I think that it was gonna be an easy way? It wasn't an easy way for a lot of people. Ask Kevin Hart, was it easy for him? Ask Steve Harvey. Was it easy for him? Ask Cedric. Ask Chris Tucker. Was it easy? When you get the opportunity, you gotta be ready for the opportunity. So getting the Miller Lite Comedy Search, even though I did not win, I placed enough to be respected.


So if you look at the history of comedy, the great comics sometime do not win comedy competitions. Correct. They may place or they may come in dead last and it gives them that drive to go, oh, I'm gonna come back. I was in the Bay Area black comedy competition, I think three years in a row. I placed in the top five, three years in a row. And I was told that a woman will never win it. Okay, cool. I ain't got to win it. All I need to do is win over the audience. And that's what I think. That's what you're trying to win. That's right. I trying to win down competition. If I win the audience, they're gonna come see me at a later date and time somewhere. Oh, I like to win competition. When we won an Emmy on the top, I was like, ah. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. When we won the NAACP award, I was happy about that.


Winning competitions. Is it, it's the cherry on top of top. It's just like you winning Super Bowls. Yes. It's the cherry on top of everything you're Doing. It's the validation of all your hard work. That's right. That's right. That's right. But in 1989, you were, you were the first female finalist for the Miller alike comedy search. Absolutely. What do you remember most about that experience? Because you said, although you didn't win, you got some great mentorship from Damon Wayans, but it drove you because you had won the audience. Yes. 'cause even though you didn't win, you felt you won the audience that at a later date in time when you got your own thing, they gonna come see Cheryl Underwood. Absolutely. And the fact that I, I could bring men and women together in the beginning. I was telling so much, so many sexual jokes.


Women was popping outta my show. Like the great pumpkin. I'm not doing that with no man. Well that's why your man looking up here at me and I, and I ain't the finest broad in the world, but I'm the most focused. Right. I'm gonna do what you don't do. Well while this is a part of my personality, it is the type of material I love to do. Adult comedy. To me, you have to be a really good comic that can come from adult comedy to clean comedy. Clean comedy. If you look at what's, what's the guy named Bob Saggot? Yeah. Bob Sagan and I, when he was alive, guy rest his soul. Good dude. But we would talk about adult material being in daytime, us being in daytime and family stuff.


Right. But the most fun is to tell an adult sexual joke. Why? Because there's only two, maybe three ways to have sex. Four, if you really creative and short only five, two. It's, it's, it's a, it's only a few ways to do it. Right. But to be able to talk about it humorously and make everybody laugh. See, I'm doing political material, but what brings the audience together, sexual relationship material. And that's what does it. Bernie Mac, Adele Givens Central, the entertainer were also participants in the miller alike comedy search. Did you have, did you have interaction with those? Absolutely. I remember talking to Adele and, and on the west side, I think they did a round of the Miller like comedy search and roses.


And she was like, I wanna do what you do. And I remember that night, 'cause I was going through things in my marriage that night, but I always knew, my father said, nobody cares about what you're going through in your life. You are the entertainment that they paid to see. So swallow all of that and get your, you hear me say swallow, swallow all of that and get yourself together. Right. So that night I remember meeting Adele, she said she wanted to do it. I said, do you, they can't steal you. They can't steal your life and don't let nobody tell you you cannot do it. And people say, well what do you feel about other female comics? I want us all to win and succeed.


I want us all to make movies. I want us to do sitcoms. I want us to open the door for each other. Monique is one of the greatest actors, not actress in my book actor. What that did. Precious. Precious. Woo. Listen to you played it. Listen to me. You played it. When I saw her, I said, I wanna fight you so bad because everything I've done gone through My life because you so nasty, Precious. Yes. But everything I had gone through in my life, molestations, rape, everything that I, I could see that person, you know, and, and I, I've been around that person. I've lived. But that girl is such a talented, that woman is such a talented actor.


When you're talking about the skill of someo, the skill of Adele, the skill of Tiffany Haddish, the skill of all female ISTs. But why are we not making movies? Why aren't the guys that can do it? Kevin can produce. Why aren't they producing us together in something? And we've got to put aside any differences that we have for the greater good of us getting a bag for our families, our mortgages, our children going through college, our retirement. Right. We need to come together. Right. Bernie Mac. Yes. The legend. Everybody, everybody speaks nothing but highly. He's held in the highest, highest of regards. Absolutely. Absolutely. What do you remember about your interaction with Bernie? I knew Bernie when we called him Blue 'cause he was so black.


He was blue and he was friends with Denius Cob on the street that we lived on in Chicago. She would lived across the street from us. And he was always a family man. Integrity, a good guy. He was like the father figure to us, like the older brother figure he was. And he would ask, sure, why you don't dress up on stage? I said, listen, lemme tell you something. If these jokes ain't funny, it don't matter what I'm wearing. Right. Right. So, but, but I would always take his advice and counsel, I'm, I'm kind of feisty, you know? Yeah. I I, I say I am my mother's daughter and my father's son, so I'm gonna talk back to you because that's what my mama did. You know, but Bernie was the kind of guy that if he felt he could help you get that joke tighter or, or advance your career, he was that guy.


And, and maybe I, I'm kind of, I don't know if you are this way too. I'm kind of reclusive, would you say? Yes, I'm gregarious yes. When I need to be gregarious, yes. But most of the time I'm private and I'm reclusive. I tell people, I explain myself to people like this. I'm the most outgoing introvert you're gonna meet. There It is. Me too. Me too. You're not gonna know too much about me. You, you may have shaken hands with somebody I dealt with and I'm not going to disrespect you or him. You know, I just don't. Yeah. You know. Exactly. I talk for a living. Right. But, but I don't talk about everything. Def Comedy Jail, that was the pinnacle Martin. And so many of the comedians that we see today. Yes.


They got their start there. Yes. Do you remember much about that? I remember driving to New York, staying with my cousin Earnestly and my cousin Christina. And going after I got Def Comedy Jam, they asked, could you stay over and, and do Def Comedy Jam? And when I, they said they were giving some money 'cause I didn't have any clothes. So what you see me wearing that little bitty orange shirt. Yeah. And them stretch pants and them, them boots, them superhero boots that I was wearing. That is what I wore to drive from Los Angeles to New York. Wow. Because I couldn't find clothes and what money they had given me.


You know, when you don't know a city Right. You don't know where to go, where to go. Correct. Down to the alley or down to the, you know, the place to get a, a $5 shirt and, and, and some $10 slacks. You know what I'm saying? Right. So what I'm wearing is what I'm wearing. And then I remember they would do the walkthrough, but when I came to do the walkthrough, I could hear people whispering. That's her, that's her, that's the girl that to up the peppermint. That's her. That's her. So we get there and Martin is reading the, reading the script on what they're gonna say. And so they asked you what is your first joke? Was your last joke. And I think my first joke was two drinks.


No. Either bitches ain't need to suck more and damn sure. Yeah. Yeah. And it, it, it was two jokes. First joke, last joke. And everybody was laughing. They were like, snickering. And then I, I said, I said Martin, I said, Mr. Lawrence. 'cause I, I had seen him perform. Right. I've watched him do a show in Chicago, Adele gis, Martin Lawrence and Chris Rock, one of the greatest shows I'd ever seen. Right. So I said, Martin, I said, can you just change? 'cause they had me from Chicago, right? I said, can you just change, I live in Los Angeles now. And he was like, okay, cool.


And so it was asked of me, why? And I said, because if a promoter is looking for me to book me, I need him to know where I am because I'm always about my money. Right. I'm always about my business. Yeah. I'm, I'm about my paper. And I had to learn that night pacing. So, 'cause I was gunning them jokes, powow, pow, pow, pow, pow. But I was gunning them so hard that people have to take a time to breathe. Yeah. And once you learn that technical skill of how to do a TV show set, then you can, you can always clean it up. So when I did Showtime at the Palo, oh, they was getting ready to boo a sister. And I had the flu when I did Showtime at the Palo. But I was determined, you are not going to boo me. I'm going to get to these jokes.


So by the time I get to the things that I've done where my set wasn't great, it didn't bother me When I did indecision 96 with Bill Maher, they wanted me to only talk about being a black Republican. But there's jokes above and below that that you have to do. So I love the fact that my career is always a work in progress. Even now, even now, the Shel Underwood legend is what fuels me to always be a good comic and understand it, what it say Any given Sunday. Yeah. Any given stage time. You may not get 'em that day, but you better have some jokes that always bring them back to you. So Def Comedy Jam. And that was also the First time that they told me I couldn't take my purse on stage.


Yeah. Because that tell, tell people, you explained to me, I, I kind of know the backdrop of it and I wonder why you ain't got that cheap ass purse that you had in Denver. It ain't here. It ain't here. It ain't here. We got It. It's over there. And what cheap purse are you talking about? And that's why I said that. Do Burke. Well, listen, that's why I still have money. I have, I have purses, like I have boxes of really classy Louis Vuittons and, and was it Louis Vuitton boutin, or however you pronounce this. But if you spend all your money on that, you will not have money. Right. My little Ponderosa is paid for. If I get one good income tax check, my car will be paid for what is my debt?


To make sure my sister has 24 hour cap. Right. So I can a dormant, this is a synthetic Amazon wig. Look good, don't it? That's, and it's anchored down. But I have custom made hair. I have the finest of the finest for my work. Right. But I also know how to manage my money, money, how to manage my money. And I wanna make some more of it too. But you asked me the question about the purse. Really it was a feeling of not just security, but when I finish what I'm doing, I'm gonna walk out of the venue. Right. I saw Richard Lewis when he was alive. Great comic. He would only come into the club when it was time for him to perform. You know, I watch all comics.


Mitch Hedberg, oh my God. In love with Mitch Herbert thought I was gonna marry him. I watch all comics to study them, to study their greatness. Marsha Warfield, she had a skill that I wanted to learn how to do. So when you're talking about telling jokes Yeah. The joke is why do you carry your purse on stage? 'cause white folks steal any race of people. Take land from the Indians. A show enough, take two or $3 off your purse. That's a joke. Yeah, that's right. It's a joke. And the, and the second joke that goes with it is, I fear for my life when I'm, when white people get on the elevator, remember it was when we get on the elevator click. That's right. With, so I reversed that joke. White people get on the elevator, I grab my person, call out for the law. Jesus. Just let me make it to the lobby.


That's, those are jokes that you can reverse. Right.


NFL playoffs we're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs. And the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player to score six. Go to DraftKings Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sports Book. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks. Only on DraftKings Sports book. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


You got the gig at Comic View. You were the host. Yes, but I had lost it. Yeah. Remember I had lost it I think two times. Did I lose it two times? Yes, but I was not mad. I think it was, what's the baby name? Young lady? Oh, Montana Taylor. Montana. Taylor won and some more won. Yes. Right. And and people say, well are you against female communists? No, I support female comics. But like the Bible say, everything ain't your time. Everything ain't your season. I just had to learn how to pull myself together and go, okay. Go back up to bat again By the time I got it. 'cause people didn't believe that these Cheryl Underwood could do a clean set. They didn't believe it.


They didn't believe the material that I was doing. I was out there telling OJ Simpson jokes long before anybody else. I was telling God rest his soul Kobe Bryant jokes. But I was telling it from a different point of view. Right. Matter of fact, I did Miss Summer Magic. Remember Magic Johnson? Yeah. Used to have Miss Summer Magic out in, in LA And I was telling these jokes from a different position. I wasn't trying to hurt Kobe's family. Right. It was just things that I knew Right. That I wanted that humor to come off. And I put it in a direction I felt that it should go. It wasn't all about him. It was all about a setup. Right. You know, and those jokes were getting standing ovations OJ Simpson jokes. 'cause we really wasn't cheering oj. We was cheering Johnny Cochran because we needed somebody.


And now who do we have now? Ben Crump. When Ben Crump show up. Matter of fact, you and Ben Crump need to do a movie and a talk show. 'cause both of y'all some thick tongue token intellectuals. Ben Ain got got no money though. Listen, ain't got no bread. He He ain't got no money. I Ain't got no, he got it. You better know it. You better get with, y'all could play brothers in a movie that that would be cute. And then have y'all as little babies and y'all whine and cry with a thick tongue and then y'all grow up tongue just a thick, make a lot of money. That would be great. I might look into that. Look into it. You think I could be an actor? Hell yeah. Hell yeah. You know what I'd like for? Okay. I, one thing I don't do devil worship, that's why I'm not an actor. Now people say you act.


I was in Beauty Shop and I almost didn't get that. I almost didn't get that. Lemme tell you something. We had heard that they were looking for a Cheryl Underwood type. Well, damn what I get Cheryl under, That's what the, I said, right. So I got my happy ass on the plane, flew back from the gig in Orlando, went in and auditioned and got the job. And matter of fact, it was Sherry Shepherd who, you know, she knew how to do movies. Right. And one day I went to her trailer and I just burst into tears and she said, what's wrong? I said, everything I'm trying to do, either they've given it to somebody else or they don't wanna do it with me. I said, I don't know how long I can do this.


Maybe I need to go teach school. And we both got on our knees and she prayed for me that day. And that's when we went out to do the scenes. And you remember when it said Monkey Bread? Because I was Catfish reader with the Monkey bread. And it made everybody laugh. And Queen Latifah said, okay, you can keep doing that. And then they kept writing a bigger and bigger part for me. And that's how I get it. You negotiated comic, they was getting a thousand dollars instead of 150. Why did you feel, why did you feel you need at that moment? This was what Cheryl Underwood needed to do. We had heard that there was discussion, I think it was Comedy Central with the white comics.


And, and in these meetings there were black comics going, well what, what about comic view? And being in a Greek letter organization, we know parliamentary procedure, we know meeting structure. And so when we went to the meeting, they said, well you black people handle that. Right? So we go, okay, we're gonna handle that. And in the discussions we put together our committees, we reviewed laws, you know, see that's why a college education and if you went to A-H-B-C-U, you really got a good education. You got life and education. Correct. And culture. So those of us that were in Greek letter organizations and went to college and in HBCUs, we came together to form a sub unofficial subcommittee.


So when it came time for certain things, and we had Tim Allen signing our petition in Variety, Jay Leno, we had the comics backing us, big time comics backing us when all we wanted it to be fair. But there was one thing, one line I said, I will not cross. We will not picket Bob Johnson at BET. We will not do that. We will not give them the photo opportunity of us against another black man. Okay? Right or wrong. I just didn't feel that that was the right thing to do. And I felt that he would do the right thing. And he did. Wow. People run up on stage fighting comedians. Ms. Pass says she done fought comedians before. Where, where are you? I mean, somebody, has anybody ever run up on stage on You got mad you saying something during your set?


Has anybody ever got mad at you, Cheryl? I was in Monrovia, California and you know, I didn't know what kind of location Monrovia was. This is the kind of location that you don't see a lot of us in. You know what I'm saying? This was long before Trump was making America great. This was long before. So I, I was booked to do a gig. I did the gig and I guess some, a white man didn't like what I was talking about. And he threw a beer at my head and it passed my head and bust on the wall. And there was beer splattered everywhere. But I'm gonna tell you where a well-placed joke goes. I was telling so many good sexual jokes. Other white boys whoop that dude's ass. What? Yeah. Whooped his as and then went finish your show.


Good comedy is still good comedy. If you would just let us get to it. There are people that disagree with me on my political stances or they may think that the show is too sexual. Right. But once you walk into a nightclub, a comedy club, I'm doing Harris. I wanna do all casinos. I wanna do all comedy clubs, not just for the money, but for the career. And so when you come into a nightclub experience, my job is to move food and drinks and entertain and not let people get up and walk out. So I will instinctively scan the audience to see what's going on. That's why I have two male acts with me, Kyle Iby and Mike Washington. Why? Because I don't want a man to come into my show and go, oh, here she go. It's an hour and a half. A niggas ain.


That's not what my show is about. It is a love fest. It is a party. It is a house party. It's me talking like we talk, you know what I'm saying? And having a good time. And then at the end, guys, get up. You can walk across the stage and you might win my money. That's why we mixing it and mingling. But I will say this, the people who have been upset with my show, I, I've tried to polish my performance to a point where you go wait on me something in my set you're going to enjoy. Right? Just wait on me, hold on. Right. And do I need to buy you a drink? Because I was lighting white women up. Woo. I was lighting them. Beckys up. And I saw you talking to Darnell Rollins about does he date him?


Is that what he doing? I think So. You think So? I Don't, I think listen, I don't, I don't know. I don't, I think that she might be, she might be like Latino or Hispanic or something like that. I'm not. That's one of us. I'm not. I'm not really. I'm That's one of us. That's brown. That's brown. Brown. Okay. That's brown on both sides. Black and brown. But my thing is, I think we should let our men date whoever they wanna date. If that's what you like. Yeah. Go. I like who like me. That's me. That's, that's how I feel. When I was dating white men. Do you think I sought 'em out? No white men want to date the darkest of us. 'cause they feel like that's the uncut, that's the bomb. Right? Yeah. I'm not saying that that's what I want to love. I mean, in dating them, it, it was a feeling that I had, but I wanted to be with who wanted to be with me.


Yeah. I mean, what's wrong with that?


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, you was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, A lot's to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason de me, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding world of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL. Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts perky, That's short of Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race. Is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


I would say there is something wrong when it only goes to the bedroom. Why do you only like me sexually If you might like me intellectually and sexually and I've been in situations where white men, where I'm taking you to the country club and you're gonna go to country club. I don't wanna go to the country club with you. Why? I'll meet you at the 19th hole. I'm going to, I'm gonna sit down. You know what I'm talking about? I play golf to enjoy the course. Right. I'm not a great golfer. I just want, I hit it where it land. If I really get my game together, I can do pretty good. Right? But I don't really play golf to talk to people. I don't, I play golf to enjoy the course. Right? But if you taking me to the country club just to show how liberal or progressive you are, that was an uncomfortable feeling for me.


Okay? So if, if you were a Latin man who was in love with me, I've had a lot of crushes in my life. Latin men, white men, Asian men, all kind of men, black men. But that's what I love. That's, that's, that's what I think understands me. Understands when things don't go well. But I've sampled everything God had made on the buffet love. But I'm not against our men dating outside of the race. What I'm against is when you down us to uplift somebody else. Okay? And that's why I was telling those jokes where you get the worst that you can find. But I, I can't be what I am. I'm too talkative. I'm too ambitious. I'm too strong.


I gained five pounds. You don't with me, but you get with Becky that, that's two sizes of me and you sit, remember what's, what's the show? Where is it? Maury? Maury Povi. Yeah. Oh, Listen to me. It's always a brother on there. Well what if these are not your children? I'm love. I'm love Baby. I've been in these kids life. My god, I'm the only dad. They look just like me. Look, they got my eyes, they got my nose. And this girl is the worst of the worst of the worst. If you going to get one of them, get Taylor Swift. Don't get the worst one. I'm not against you white girls pulling our man, but some of these girls, I just wanna look at a brother and go, I see it. I see why you got worse. I see why. That's right. That's that.


Absolutely right. Get her together. Put this on the treadmill. Do something. Get her to eat some vegetables or don't get the worst or the worst and then throw it in my face. That's what I don't like. And I don't think most black women like that either. Lemme ask you this. If you, if I had to say, okay, Cheryl, give me your goat comedians, it could be male men or women. Give me your four comedians that you would consider Mount Rushmore. Too many to name and, and because of my personality. Why she didn't name this person. Why she didn't name, name That person. There's your Liz. Well, I, I don't really have, first of all, you're gonna have to have a a bigger, there's gotta be a mountain range. It can't be a just four motherfuckers on a mountain.


'cause there's too many of us that are too good for too many time periods. When you talk about moms maybe one of the greatest female comedians that made people feel good about all those adult jokes she was telling. But then you put up against Whoopi Goldberg who was, to me, her dialogue was so amazing. Her ability to go in and outta characters. So amazing. But I I, I don't want anybody to feel I like somebody more because I can't do what Sherry Shepherd do that. And I'm sorry girl. 'cause I know there's some comedians don't like to be called bitch. But I gotta give your propers. And speaking of that, melon Camacho, one of the greatest comedians I've ever seen. Hope Flood, greatest communities I've ever seen. Yeah. There's too many out there to name. And we haven't gotten our shot.


So that's why I wanna produce something that gives people their shot. Who would've thought somebody would've called me to be on daytime TV and I'm a nightclub performer and I'd be there from season two to season 15 of the talk on CBS The most conservative network. All we need is the shots. So an answer to your question, there are too many great comics that you see these comics and we've been sitting around with each other. You know how hard it is not to choke laughing at Jamie Foxx when he gets on a roll and all of us have been friends, but then we talk about him when we showed the picture of him with the Jerry Curl. That's comedians getting together. Right. You know, so I really couldn't name, you know, who would be my top one?


Lemme Ask you this. Are there, you mentioned Hope Flood. Yes. Yourself and more, and Adele Gibbs and chocolate. So many of the young Yes. I remember so many of the, the women comedians back in the nineties. Yes. Are they an upcoming crop of new women comedians? I think all these young ladies on social media, they got one coming called Don't call me a a white girl. Yeah. I think this got a line. I ain't gonna say it 'cause I want y'all to hear it out her mouth. That I was hosting a show in Pennsylvania and when she dropped that line on the people, I ran out and tackled her. 'cause it was such a good line. I I, I'm a technical comic. I will listen to somebody single. Damn. I wish I had wrote that. Right. You know what I mean? So there are some great female comics and, and, but also you need time.


You can write jokes every day. You can't polish every day. You need stage time. Okay. You need to understand why those of us that were doing adult comedy, were doing adult comedy and, and don't separate, don't say, well this is a clean comedy. This is a, are you a good comic? Right. And then there are comedic actors who, who are decent standups. That's why I'm not gonna name names. Okay. They know who they are. You a decent standup, but you are a great comedic actor. So don't push. Are they two different things? Yes. They're guys that can, that can act in front of Yes. And and be funny. Be Funny in front of the camera Yes. As opposed to getting up there and just, it just you and an audience and a microphone. Absolutely. Absolutely. And, and I'm gonna tell you something. When people say like, I don't know why earthquake has not been put in a position to do a, that's my dog of Sanford and Sun.


I would be on Aspen and, and they, and they all, all you're doing is picking up junk. Yes. Right? You could do that today. DL Ley great comic George Jefferson today. You can do these things. Now why is it that they get to reboot everything and we don't. You can do That's my mama. You can do what's happening now. Yeah. Which is nothing but Cooley High. Right. You can do this today. We need the opportunity to do it. And there's some great comedic actors. But we need the directors. We need the producers to be able to take what we are already doing in our head. See, a standup comic is the writer, producer, director in their head.


Right. And the performer, we just need to be able to be produced in a way where we're confident in what you're doing. 'cause I already know what I can do for myself. How do I get confident enough to do it on screen and not wanna turn to the audience? And, and that's where your cameras are. You, you're acting with the person. You're reacting to the person. And I know what you're thinking out there. You can be a actor. You, you saw me and I got the hook up. You know, damn well I didn't have no business. But that was Master P. And I'll tell you a story about that too. AJ Johnson, God rest the soul little aunt, me and little aunt, we were good friends. Right? So he is talking about Master P got this movie, right.


And so I, I was taking care of my sister and I couldn't find a caregiver and everything. So I had to go to the artist. I took my sister to the artist, you know, disabled people. She in a hot car. So she fighting, pulling everything, pulling hair, everything. I said, you gonna sit your ass right down here so I can go up here and get this job. Right? So I get up there and there's a line and everything and I said, listen, I need to do this right now. I said, who the is Master P Now I don't know who he is. I said, who the fuck Master P? So he's me. I said, what the fuck? Nah, nah, nah, there ain't no lyric. Dj, quick ku, OD them lyricists, those rappers, producers, everything. What the fuck is that? So he's laughing because I'm talking to him the way I'm talking to him, and they write a whole new part for me to do this.


And that's the second time it's having, the First time it happened, I was performing in the Melrose Improv and I was there to showcase for Brandon Tartikoff when he was alive. And Brandon Tartikoff is who? How Eddie Murphy. And okay. So I'm there to showcase for him. And he tells me, I see you walking in on, on the scene in the sitcom, throwing up the joke and walking out like Marla Gibbs. Okay, see, you're talking about a comedic actor. Right? Great woman. Right? So I was like, oh, you really do that. So when it's my turn to get on stage, I get on stage and I see Annette Benning and Warren Beatty sitting in the audience. So I start telling these jokes about Bugsy.


You know Bugsy, you're right When she threw that ashtray at his head. Yeah. I said, you black. I said, only a real sister throw a motherfucking ashtray with a lit cigarette at that mother, at his head. So I'm telling all these great jokes. So Warren Beatty comes out, I'm making a movie, gives me all his information. I want you to come have a meeting with me. I'm making a movie. I want you in it. Now, how many times have we heard that? Boys and girls? So I go, all right. So I take the information and something led me to call him and he goes, I want you to come drive up on Mulholland. You know, I'm not the greatest driver in the world. Yeah. You know, so, because if you on shift right, you gonna roll all the way back down Mul. Yeah. You absolutely. Yeah. Am I right? So I go to the meeting, we're talking what I thought was a 15 minute general meeting.


We end up talking about four or five hours like me and you did in the car. We end up talking four, five hours about politics. I'm, I'm a registered Republican who is really a conservative Democrat. He is a liberal democrat. We're talking, but he's remembering things that I'm telling him and he's adding them to his script. So we're talking then the part that they wanted me to play, I think I was supposed to curse in a church. I did not know. You're not supposed to tell the casting director, I'm not doing that. No, you can't do that. Okay. Why am I not supposed to tell them that, Shannon? Because they're the one that's gonna get you the job. Well, I'm sorry. I fear God more than I fear, man.


God don't know. I'm down here doing a movie, God looking down, going what? You know? Yeah. Still, why is she in my house cussing? Right? Right. So I told him I wasn't gonna do it. I said, I'm not gonna do it. I said, and no self-respecting black person will be cursing in their neighborhood church. I cursing the parking lot, but I'm not cursing in the sanctuary. It's not going to happen. So they write a part for me. They write a whole different part for me. Where the white dude, I think his name is Oliver Plat, he's an actor he's supposed to bump into. I think he was in a time to kill. Yes. When Matthew McConaughy. Okay. So he bumps into my arm. And I'm supposed to say Break yourself fool. Which I don't know who came up with Break Yourself?


I don't know nobody. The street ice. Okay. So did he, did he come up with it? He was the first person I heard. Say it. Really? Okay then. That must Be, or maybe, maybe Smokey said it. It is. Okay. So break yourself. Break yourself, fool. Okay. So he, that's the line I'm supposed to say, but I can't get it out the way they want me to say it. I keep saying, excuse me. So, because that's the way I was raised. Yeah. This supposed to be a after hours private black club with some white people in it. So obviously you must be guests of somebody in this club. So Warren Beatty directing, you know, he goes, cut Cheryl, I need you to talk the way you normally talk. I said, what is that? And he said, I need you to be more animated. I said, really? And he said, I need you to be more profane.


Why? I said, you believe that black people only settled their differences with profane language and the animation? I said that that's not true. Now remember now all of the extras are black. Right? Right. So they all looking at the ground, looking on the ground like, oh my God, this is talking back to Warren Beatty. Right. I said, I'm sorry, that's, that's not how this go. If he bumps into my arm, knocks my drink out my hand, I would expect him to replace it with a higher level on the shelf, top shelf drink. Right. So people are trying not to laugh. So Warren Beatty goes, but what if I called your mother a, I said, what'd you fuck? What'd you say? He said, what if I called your mother and he names my mother? Oh, He names my mother.


Hey, I bet you got in the role. I bet you got in the character. Then Listen. I said, listen, I laid that motherfucker out. I said, I don't give a fuck about linting the grass red. What did Bonnie and Clyde, I said, if you ever say my mother's name and in a sentence ever again, I'm gonna jump across this camera and whoop your ass. And, and he goes, I need you to do that right now. Action. And that's when I did, that's when I did it. And we became friends and we became friends that day. You did radio with Steve Harvey? Yes. What was that experience like? Well, really how I started was Tom Joiner. Oh really? Yeah. It was Tom Joiner that gave me one of my first consistent radio jobs.


And, and then I wanted to, I wanna do radio. Like if we really do a podcast together, I wanna merge it with terrestrial radio. I do not believe you can do anything without radio because black people do not believe that Jesus is coming back until they hear, hear the radio hear on Black Ray. Am I right? And it's still in your car and it's still in your homes. And I believe that we can do some good merging podcasting with radio to build that audience. So Tom Joiner gives me a job, then Rashaan McDonald and Steve Harvey say, okay, why don't you come work over here with us? And I go where the money is. It's no dislike of anybody. No dislike.


Matter of fact, would you be willing to bring your podcast on the Fantastic Voyage, the Tom Joyner cruise? Would you want to so we can benefit some HBCUs? I'm just asking you, would you consider Oh, you asking be for real? Yeah, I'm asking you for real. Would you consider it? Sure. Would you consider it? Because what I, How about we going out on the cruise? I think I know. I, I don't know. Let me find the information. Can I be, can I be on Zoom while y'all on the cruise? Why you scared of water? Yeah. Yeah. Well, I could tell your as your ass a bit. You let had that one never had that one. You better Somebody wanted your ass. Yeah. I'm scared of water here. You scared of being on a boat? Yep. Well, why don't you get on the, why don't you get on the first part in New Orleans and do it from there, and then you can go home.


Okay. You bet. Okay, well, I'll, I'll tell you what, I'll find the cities. Let's see. We can make it work. But I will tell you this. Tom Joyner being a radio man, and I wanted to do radio, but they don't, I don't see them. The only girl that I see doing, I think Cafe Mocha is doing it. There's some other sisters that are doing radio, but they're, I don't see'em leading their own show in a way that you see the guys, Deedee McGuire is the only one that I see doing it. And I'm so proud of her. But I wanna do what Ricky and DL And all them. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I Lead a show. But on the other hand, Steve Harvey gave me those opportunities, all that footage from the Hoodie Awards.


I was gonna get Pastor Sap. I thought I'd be a great first lady. You know, I'd give up drinking cussing, at least in your presence, brother. You know? Right. But I, I wanted to do those different things. But you, what you see is the opportunity that people really respect. And, and it was Steve Harvey when I thought somebody was playing on my phone. And I did not believe that it was CBS calling me for, for a interview for the job. You thought you was getting pranked by Kevin Hart. Steve, Jamie. I called. They asses every number I had and stopped playing on my, Steve was like, you might wanna call him back. It might be CBS. And he was right. And, and he was right. So I, I never want us to be pitted against each other, but I do want us to help each other.


We should be doing cooking shows. We should be doing sports panels. We should be doing everything because we're funny and we're smart and we can do it. All right. Beauty Shop. It was Queen Latif, Adele gis. Laura Hayes. Yes. Sherry Shepherd. Yes. Because Laura Hayes. Wasn't she on Comic View? Yes, that was. Yes. Ms. Laura. Ms. Laura. Okay. Yes. And to Up Def Comedy Man. Yeah. Kamar Lisa Simmons. Omar Hedrick. Lisa Ray. Yes. Octavia Spencer Birdman. Yeah. How was that experience? It was a great experience to watch great producing, you know, to watch Queen Latifah pull that together with her team and, and to watch us as an ensemble. Alicia Silverstone, the girl that I'm saying Clueless. Yes. Yeah. That girl Was funny as, I don't know why it, it was a really good experience in one of my first movies between Beauty Shop, I got the Hookup two can play that game.


Vivica Fox gave me a lot of jobs too. And, and, and I, I really loved being in Beauty Shop because they let me ad-lib. But I also could understand the parameters of the script. What I tried to do, the one thing that I was taught was do what's written on a page first and then ask them, can I show you something? And then stay within the parameters of the script. Because if you ad lib so far away, then the other can't say they line or do what they wanna do. That's why I want to produce. I want to produce, I have gospel play scripts. I have people that I pay. I'll write the idea, they'll write the scripts because I wanna put people to work. We can do it like Tyler is doing it. You know, Tyler got the studio, come on, let's all work together and help each other.


There's enough money out there for all of us. So that's what Beauty Shop really poured into me. Why don't we work together more? Because you wanna Say it in front of That's your camera. You wanna say it in front of the people? Because he won't, if he would just Gimme some, if he Would just gimme a taste, a little taste. I would come to work early. No, I'm just kidding. Well, why don't you and I work together? No, why don't, why don't we work together? Oh, nigga, I thought, I'm sorry. I thought you Meant why we like Me and you don't work together. We, the Community, we can't work together because whatever in your life gonna be mad. Why is she here? Ike. That's what's gonna happen.


That's what's gonna happen. I, I think that, I think we have the money, we have the pull and the influence. Back when they were making what they call black exploitation film. Sweet Back. Come on man. Baddest movie in the Mac was really about some brothers up in Oakland run a club called Sweet Jimmy's. We can do that again. Superfly. We can do that again and have a soundtrack. And it doesn't take a lot of money. One thing I would ask everybody to do, don't come in and try to make the money, make up the money that you haven't gotten. That's you gonna price us out. Yes. Right. Because we have to understand as a business, do the movie and take the percentage.


Right. Right. Promote the movie. We can make a movie in six weeks, but we, if we come together, the writers, the producers, the hairstylists, everything. We can fry the chicken for the craft service, do what we need to do. And if we do that and our movies are making money, they will invest in us again. 'cause it's about commerce. And I think we can change that narrative. And I know you can because you took a a little show club and I'm calling it a little show because it wasn't as big as it was. No. And then here comes Kat Williams. I remember Kat when he was catting a hat. Yeah. And lemme tell you little Kat Williams story while we talking. I remember Kat, when he was catting a hat, doing the jokes about the short dude in the car and all that stuff.


We knew he was funny then. And I had got the host job for Comic View and Kat Williams performed, I think it was me, Kat and Michael Collier. And I think Mike Washington was on that show. We have the comedy connection. I think it was in Greenbelt, Maryland, if I'm not mistaken. I stand corrected. I watched Kat Williams do a set. I called Steven Hill, I said, get here as fast as you can. I have watched something great. Wow. He, they said, what is it? Kat Williams is destroying a room and I cannot follow him. Now I got courage. I did what I needed to do that night. But what I saw was something special.


I said, and so Steven gets there and he's looking at me, he's dying laughing. I said, I need that guy on my season of Comic View. And he was like, well, why would you do that? I said, 'cause he's going to be big and he's special and this is his shot and everything propelled. He was already doing great stuff. But everything propelled. I just want us to, if we disagree, disagree in private. Yes. You know what I'm saying? And you can tell your version of the story. I'm telling my versions of the stories, but you notice that I'm editing myself because I'm not going to do it at the expense of someone's self-esteem. I'm not saying Kat did that. I'm just saying I knew Kat Williams was gonna be special because I saw it in him and I was willing to step back.


You gotta know when you can't follow something. Mm. You gotta know it. That's why I host now. Yeah. You got, I got the hook up and I got the hook up too. Master P you mentioned John Witherspoon iq, Communist. I love Master PI love Master P. Great businessman. Very, very smart. Always gave me an opportunity, you know, who else gave me an opportunity? Who did? Uncle Luke. Really? Yes. When I was first doing really, really raw, raw material. Not like my stuff ain't raw now. Right. But I, this is where I was polishing. It was really uncut. Yeah. Yeah. And he said, Cheryl, I want you to, you know, record some material for us and, and put it out there and you notice something odd and all the stuff that's going on with the sexuality, you know, and gaffing people and everything, who name is not in it?


Uncle Luke. He started it, But he didn't do do it. He didn't cross that line. He didn't cross that line. It may have been a party atmosphere. Yes. But he didn't do things. Power corrupts. And we have got to start protecting each other and don't do that shit when you football player. Do they, did they still give you a handler, a person that kept you out of trouble when you first got in the league? No. No. I mean, you know, they, we used to have these videos where they say, well, you know, obviously you can't gamble and, and be careful who you associate with. Absolutely. But I was very, very fortunate that I had an older brother. Yes. That was in the league that could guide me. Sterling. Yes. Yes. That could guide me and let me know, okay, bro, this is what, this is how you need to do it.


This is what you need to do. Yes. Everybody doesn't handle that. But at the end of the day, you know, Cheryl, you know, grown men is gonna do what grown men do. Because it's kinda like you have a financial advisor and he might say, Cheryl, you don't need to do this. Well, it is your, it is Cheryl's money and Cheryl takes the money and do, all he can do is advise Advice on counsel. But why do you have him if you don't take advice on counsel? How many times? I'm gonna shout out my business manager, Larry Turner. I like to thank you. I thought he was black because he had a whole name on his card. It was Lawrence J. Turner. I said, these brothers is doing the thing. They attorneys, they financial planner. I walk in a little Jewish dude. Yeah. I was like, well, what's up? Grow my, if, if you can show me that, you know what you talking about. I have a saying, don't wake up in the middle of surgery talking to the surgeon.


Let people do what they gonna do. If you gonna take advice and counsel, take advice and counsel. Exactly. But sometime you get so much money and power that you start to do things and people are afraid to tell you, you don't do that shit. You know? And, and don't record the what is with the recording of the documentation of, and I'm gonna tell you this, I grew up in Chicago. I was running these streets. We knew r Kelly. And it's a lot of stuff that we know about people. But how do we save someone from themselves and how do we teach with great Fame comes great responsibility. Responsibility, responsibility. Yeah. Right. And money and power. And if you treat it right, God will give you more. You don't have to do this wild stuff that you're doing.


And you don't have to take it out on people. People say, well, money change people. No money makes you Worse. More than what you already are. That's there it is right There. Yeah. I mean that You are who you are. Absolutely. Absolutely. I walked up on, I bucked up on a lot of dudes and they be like, nah, sir, you a good girl. I'm like, I'm glad you think that. Right? I, I'm gonna circle this bar one more time and if you still here when I come back, it's only popping. Right. Let me buy you this drink, let's go. Right. But like you said, you have choice, but there's gotta be somebody there, especially these young boys. It could destroy their life. Yes. That's why I have a sports initiative. Young boys, young as three years old, learning different sports, but also getting an education.


But we need you men to come back into these boys' lives so they will understand. You have somebody to talk to. You have big brothers out there, and don't put everything on social media. All your street soldiers out there holding all the money up, the IRS is watching and they waiting on you. And if you had a PPP loan and now you in jail, but ain't nobody else in jail, come on man. We can do this better. Right. What else you wanna ask me? This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever pla podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Shehe profile and I'll see you there.


John is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now this is the second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nan Burkin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason de Mez here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on Le Tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.