
Man, listen, traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staring the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah, traveling sometimes when they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, spots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier For sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified, ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man. It was perfect. Out to Airbnb, how you feel about the tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great.


This is what you do when you're love of the sneaker game. Had you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, score all your once in a blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic streetwear. The experts verify accessories to match Like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you can wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures and rare fashion eBay things people love.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on. I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got Straightaway he tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume.


You wanna know what the best thing about being a sports fan is? There's only two days in the entire year. We don't have any games in any sport. So with all that action in sports world that just makes about every day game day at DraftKings Sports Book, If you're new to DraftKings, listen up. You can bet $5 and get $150 in bonus bets instantly. All you gotta do is download the Draft King Sports book app now and use promo Code Club five 20. That's Code Club five 20 for new customers. All you gotta do is bet $5 for $150 in bonus bets Only on DraftKings. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and W at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash ds.


Live from Halco Resort World Club five 20. We out here in Vegas Summer League doing the big. And you know what, if you're happy to see, this is the last episode we do in Vegas. And what better way to end it with a legend. A special, special guest to my left. We gonna introduce my man's last, but to my far left, we got my dog Bishop B, he out the pearl. He is How you what? Nasty. Cool And nasty. Let's get to It. Alpha Gates to the right. My dog. Young Nacho, young Teague. How you what? I'm chilling bro. Y'all know this is a special episode for me man. I wore number zero 'cause of this guy, so I'm hype man. Man, it is. It is a huge honor to have him on the show. We all been trapping by the dope this this weekend. So excited. Yeah, for sure. Defeats. We left him at the crib. We out here getting to it. Yeah, for sure.


Nah, but what's crazy is for real, for real. Like me and him early on got really cool because we shared a common theme. You know what I'm saying? I don't know if you know this, but like this is like you're his favorite player. Oh I Meant he, he Wasn't bullshitting about him wearing zero because that wasn't no podcast shit. That was real shit. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. And I won a lot of money playing with the Whistle 2K. Fuck. So you was definitely my favorite player. So he was locked in. But if you don't know who this is, look man Hibachi the man who got it cracking Pioneer hoops in the NBA, the style of play they couldn't do like he did Gilbert or from s Arena. Appreciate you pulled up the five 20 big dog. Thank you For having me man. Appreciate it. Appreciate It. They been waiting on this episode. We have too Man. Be geek about this man watching man. Y'all been doing your thing man.


I appreciate. I want to kick off though with a question. How you feel about Michael Eley picking up Megan Goode? Huh? How you feel about Michael Eley picking up Megan Goode bro. Is that out of pocket or what bro? Nah, nah. If you see the whole thing, he did shake dude's hands first and then he went to Main still, it kind of made him uncomfortable. Started looking on his palm. Know ain't got no episode, Lift my girl up, that's Girl off My feet. Right. And I was like, he was about to pull out the musket because you know he was dressed like he a fucking Shit motherfucker. Like dress like dj. Now listen, we always start to shoot off Talking Heat and what better person talk to you because listen, you was a pioneer of the the fuck game going crazy endgame.


And also I used to follow you back in the day in Instagram back when you was giving away the jersey some shoes and the old cri man, how was it like having your own signature shoe starting off and then you just playing in like crazy shit. You know when it, when it came to Signature shoes, you know it's always the Hooper's dream to get they signature. Right? Right. So when, when it came to me with the idea, like I wanted to be fully involved, right? And I'm like, yo, I wear low tops. I don't wear real basketball shoes like that. I'm more lifestyle. I was wearing Air Max 90 fives in games. Yep. Right? So everything was low top. So I was like, you know, I want to design it for more for you know, chilling.


Like Jordan's people didn't play in Jordan's, right? People didn't play in Michael Jordan shoes. They wore round. So that's how I wanted my shoe to be. So when that first one launched and everybody loved it, it was like, man, I was already trying to figure out what we gonna do with, you know, part two. So you know, when that gun situation happened, they took that motherfucker from me. Yeah. Shit, all the shoes I've ever had, I just unleashed them. Right. Because you know, even though I didn't, I couldn't wear Jordans and stuff like that. I always collected shoes. Yeah. So you know, when I got down to Orlando it was like I just wear every shoe that I was putting On in Orlando. You was going crazy. Yeah, yeah. All the pennies.


Yeah. Yeah. This Michelle Hood treatment. Penn was my favorite player. So yeah. And also you playing in the Air Max Plus was like, I know the dgs get a lot of like, like he played in, you played the Air Max Plus if you don't know what that shoe is, that is one of these stiffest shoes that does not have any G gif any weight in that shoe. Four back up for you. The killing that shoe you was different bro. The only thing, the only problem was when, when you like turning the corner and that bubble hit that wood, you getting the slides. For sure. For sure. My first time playing against you, it was after the gun stuff. You came back. It was John Wall Rookie here. Mm. You weren't wearing zero no more. I was wearing nine. I was hurt. Yeah, yeah. Before the game.


I'm like, oh. They like everybody knew like, and them like, are you about to play Gil, what you gonna do when you get out there? You gonna be a fan? I'm like, hell nah. I'm gonna ask you for a jersey. So I walked out there and you had nine on. I'm like, nah, I don't want the nine I I don't want the nine bro, I don't want the nine. I was like, nah, that ain't right. I'm like, I'm on the bench, I'm at the end of the bench. I'm like, why you ain't wearing zero? He's like, man, he putting that all away. He don't wanna do that no more. I'm like, ah. He tripping. I was hurt. I was like, man ain't asking him for shit. I sub in the game. I got in, it was my second year. I got in the game and I walked up to you and I, I was like, yeah. You was like, ah, I got him. I got him because Jamal was on our team. He's, I got him, I got him. I was like, ah, shit.


He think I, he think I'm sad. Yeah. I got him. He was like, John take Jamal. I got him. I was like, ah shit. I was like, I ain't saying nothing the rest of the game Jam these the way these knees work man. You just got in man. I figured you wasn't gonna be shooting like that man. Especially with Jamal. Jamal was on the court. We Ain't had that green light like that Fellow man. He's like, yeah, I got him. I got him. I'll never forget that man. It's crazy man. What y'all doing over at Gil's Arena, man? Shout out to the crew changing the game, man. Like I know we do a podcast, but it's like, to the point y'all, y'all not a podcast anymore, y'all a whole entity. And like, could you talk to me about the difference between like going from doing a pod to basically like being streamers and like how that's changed, like the reactionary stuff and how that's evolved for you guys as a Business.


Yeah, so you know, I started back in 2008 when it was 2018 when it was podcast was more just like, like serious radio. Yeah. You know, was a iHeart Right. It was just a voice. It didn't have the face. And I'm like, man, I'm, I'm an NBA player, right. I'm a, I'm a I'm gonna get my followers by you know me. So, you know, I recorded it and then put it out and then people started liking the idea. So back then I was getting paid off the audio and the video. So I was putting the same shit. Boom, boom, boom. Right. I jumped out of it a few times 'cause you know, Matt and them came in and then they started with Showtime and then, you know, they getting all the big guests.


Yeah. I'm even gonna lie, they getting a-list, I'm getting C list, I oh man, all damn, come on man. And then the knuckleheads came in, they getting a like, oh they all too well. So you know, like sometimes, you know, as athletes we, we, we got all the contacts, but we don't want, we don't want to. Yeah. Like, like I got Katie, but I don't want to ask him. Ask him. Yeah. That motherfucker tell me. No, no, I gotta hate the nigga for no reason. Trust me, I twin. Yeah. Yeah. So, so, you know, I I jumped out of it, jumped back in, you know, and then around like 2020 what happened was Covid hit, everybody had to stop.


Yeah. So everybody had to go to Zoom and as I, oh this is, this is me right now. Yeah. So since everybody was Zoom, I was watching people zoom in. I'm like, that shit look raggedy the internet bad, that shit look all goofy. So I'm gonna just keep doing live. But since NBA players don't wanna do it, I'm gonna go to these high school kids. Yeah. Right. So I went to all the top, top high school kids 'cause they gonna be willing to do it. Yeah. And then from there it just took off. Yeah. Like this is when I was with Fuo. Yeah. I remember. So we did the finals, it was the, the the finals watch party. So we sitting here doing it, right. Looked at the numbers, then flew out and just sitting there like, Man, why don't we just, won't we do it just like E-S-P-N-T-N-T style where it's like about four or five of us.


And then we just talk to sports like they do. But long version, they do like 30, 30 seconds of topic and then they move on when we just do it like that. So when I got the concept down, I met Rashad at 24 hour. Fitness nigga didn't talk to me for like two months, nigga just, just walking around me, mugging and shit. How, you know, how you wait to a nigga like, like crack a smile. Like, hey man, how you doing? He just walking around diesel, diesel for no reason, man. And then I asked him like, what you doing man? You your podcast. So he came on an episode, Brandon came on an episode. So when I was looking for a crew, I looked for the niggas that I just finished talking to. Right. And then that's how that like, I was like, I don't got no vision yet, man. I know what I'm thinking, but I don't know how it's going.


Look, niggas like, alright, I'm down, shit. And that's why like when, when we started getting big and they're like, oh, y'all should fight. Like, nah. Yeah. When I didn't have it, when I had just had a vision, no concept. These niggas was like, I'm in, I'm in, let's go. And then from there we just, that's hard. It ain't about, you know, it ain't about like our egos Right. It's, we all got a job to do. And. we just do it. Yeah. So, you know, motherfucker call me a bitch ass nigga in the middle of the show. I I don't give a fuck man. You know what I mean? I don't care man. This is this, this is what we doing. Yeah. It's just like a locker room, right? Yeah. Sucks. Listen man, love the show.


Y'all be going crazy. Y'all talks be going all across in there. What I like about it is that, you know what I'm saying with this, with this space that everybody, you know what I'm saying, has a voice, has an opinion that everybody can get they own land off. Y'all have carved drives off. Like I said, with the streaming stuff, it's so prevalent now. Like, y'all want to go to places where something happened, they're like, art, I need to happen in a good arena. Or something happened like even with Josiah, like he'll post, oh, we going live on air about this shit. Yeah. I think that wave is gonna be what next. But I, I don't think it's something that people can like copy. You can't replicate that. So kudos to y'all for making y'all own space. That situation man. It's, it's, you know, everybody's, so especially with timing, right? Yeah. Everybody, it's, it's usually once a week episode. Right. And when people talk about podcasts, that's the lane that's getting oversaturated.


Right. The once a week. Right. Right. Now it's more about putting as much information as you possibly can out. Right? Like you guys are in the stage where you're gonna try to do like four or five shows bank 'em, so you ain't gotta work for a while. Yeah. Right. You know, I've been there. Right. And right now on YouTube there's only five live shows and I'm on three of them. It's my personal one, it's Gils Arena and then me with Shannon Sharp and Ocho. But I'm just a guess on there. Then you got Pat McAfee football and then you got Sheet and Tyler. So that's the lane that everybody, but everybody's so scared because everybody want to be safe, clean up what they're doing.


But you know, for the most part, if you're good at what you do, you're good at what you do. So yeah, that's the lane you should jump into. Noted. Mike Ain't ain't many. There ain't nobody really in that lane, man. And since you guys don't really have guests like that and you guys don't have to thrive off guests, the guest is just a bonus. So you can do your everyday like this and then do your guests once a week and still. So you have you, you're in both algorithms. Yeah. Honestly they hate when we have guests, they tell us who they want as guests. Like you is in the top five question guests. But We have somewhere that, but like yeah that's cool. But y'all need just get back to work. I


This. summer Hennessy encourages you to shake things up and explore new possibilities in partnership with some of their friends and family. Hennessy is putting their twist on some of your favorite cocktails, including the margarita, the berry mojito. These fresh cocktails will turn your next gathering into something more. Set things off with the Hennessy Margarita, A squeeze of fresh lime juice and a bit of agave syrup topped off with ice and a salted rim. Mix it, shake it, pour it, and enjoy Hennessy Hennessy Made for more. Please enjoy Hennessy Responsibly 21 and over only.


This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, they'll find the one again and again the latest sneak drop. You can't stop thinking about one of a kind street where you're dying to wear and fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet. On eBay, you'll feature your eyes on the full meal of hard to find fines, start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make a designer collab your main course, the cherry on top. A timeless watch or iconic rear handbag and the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Can't Get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver It the insiders. You're a loyal viewer of the show now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Dobbs And I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


But shit, I wanna talk ball 'cause I'm a fan. Yes sir. Like watching the game now. Like when you, you know, you was my, you was my guy. You and Baron Davis were my guys and y'all were scoring guards. I get 30, 40, 50, 60 points and like the see the league now. Like this is tailor made for you. Oh my God. You probably would've averaged what, like 32, 33? Easy. Yeah, for sure. Especially with with how I played, you know, it's, it's long ball but I used to post up a lot. Yeah. I used to post up smaller guards and just iso work. So the fact that all the bigs are now pulled out to the three point line and they're, they don't take charges and shit like that. Yeah, it is not crowded. I would've been sitting there getting nine, 10 free throws.


Oh yeah. East Nightmare and ain't even power forwards really that morning. So you really ain't got no contests after that. Now There's no, there's no contest. It's, it's, it was the point where when they changed the rule by the time you got in, but back then there was no just jump straight up. Yeah. Right. So what ended up happening? I used to headhunt. Right? If you was inside that key. I didn't go for the live, I just ran into you. Ah nah. I seen when you Right. I'm just running straight to you. If you in the lane, you been talking about Shaq, Shaquille O'Neal and people like that and you, you got caught in that lane. I'm fuck that lane up dog. I'm running right into you. Right Lay up right here. You right there. I'm going across the lane hitting you then try to come back. Yeah. Get your ass outta the game.


I ain't gotta see no more. Right. So looking at the game now, man, it's like ah man, I you wish that knee would've held just like full five more years man. Nah, I took that from you and used it in college. It's the same thing in college. So my buddy Philip, he was the first person to show me, I didn't watch NBA at all and he had NBA TV and he was like, bro you gotta play like Gilbert Arenas now. I'm like man, how he play? He NBA tv. We sat there, you know, the highlights go by every once in a while. So we had to sit there and keep watching, keep watching. He was like, he just dropped to the basket hard as hell. And I was like, yeah, I'm on that. And I just started playing like that. I just drive to the basket, jump into people. Yep. And I go to the free throw line in college.


And then we knew, I knew you already 'cause Jason Gardner was better than you in high school that Get your shit off King. I was for that one because we getting right to that. I was hopefully y'all got back to Arizona. Doubt Jason from that. So like we knew you from watching Jason to Arizona. So we like, I'm like yeah, he was nasty. He wore zero. Why you wear zero? And I just started following up trying to figure out who you was and then I started watching, then I became a fan. For real? Yeah. That was my, that was my guy man. We used to, we used to battle. Look we used like, we had the same personality. We used to battle football players who faster, who had more money. Oh yeah, right. We, we who had the better cars?


Like, you know, like, you know when you get to college And, we used to have two, what was it, Bobby, Bobby Wade ended up making it to the NFL. Right. And that those used to be our nextdoor neighbors And. we just, I get a radio, he get a radio Right. Jason get a radio. They get a radio. Like we was just, it was just one of those things we compete with. So, but I told Jason, man that you know Indiana cool. You know what I mean? You know, you average little points out there, man. He was a dog bro. He was a dog. He was a dog. He was only five, ten five. Damn are the best point guard in the country in 2000, bro. 99 for real. So it made it, it pushed me to the two. Yeah. Right. 'cause I, I was, I, I was a two my senior, but I was a point guard.


Right. So when I came in, I remember my dad was like, he was like, you going after Jason Gardner's spot? And I was like, nah man, he my roommate. And he was like, what the hell that means? I was like, shit, he just gimme the ball the whole time. So if I beat the two And, we on teams, he just didn't gimme the ball the whole time. So me and Jason used to talk about that. Yeah, yeah. For real. And then so when practice started they was like, all right Jay, you got the first pick. He was like, I got Gil. They was like, wait, what I got you got, you got McDonald's All American, McDonald's All American, McDonald's all American. He got me first And, we used to run the table dog. I believe Hard.


That's how me and Ish Smith was ish was the point guard. I was like, shit, I ain't gonna beat him out miles. Well I'm play the two, I'm gonna play the two. That shit you gotta, that's that's, that's the league man. Like you know you gotta be, you gotta be able to shift 1, 2, 2, 1 and have, have these different skills man. Last because you know going to college, going to the NBA, there's people that's in your position already. Sure. Yeah. Right. So you gotta find, you know, you gotta find what the team needs at that moment in time until you get to establish yourself. Yeah. I Gotta ask what today's NB highest played now what do you think the next wave will be? Because we've seen, you know what I'm saying, the game transition to a lot of Volume threes and now we're starting to see the big man have a resurgence.


What do you think might be the next wave in the NBA Bottom in if you six five you gotta be athletic as shit. Yeah. Yeah. Other than that it seems like 6 7, 6 8 is gonna be the new point guard for sure. Yeah. Right. It just seems like, you know, especially with the overseas, like the overseas is not taking over. It's only one po two positions. The four and the five, everybody's seven foot in that position. Yeah. And the fact that they're seven foot and they can shoot the American bigs is far behind them. Yeah. Right. So if you're gonna go for a four or five, you gotta go look for overseas guy because here, you know from a a u, if you got any height over the rest you the center.


Yeah. Right. If you a big, so you know you gonna be stuck down low all the way until you about 17, 18. Right. And over there they're teaching everybody guard skills. But you know when it comes to the guard play, they don't have the foot speed, they don't have the athleticism. So you know somebody like Luca sitting at six 10. Yeah he has the advantage but who's the second best? Who's the third best over there? You know? True. You know Shaa was chain trained as an American. Yeah. Then they don't have any shooting guards. They don't have any small fours that's dominating like that. So we gotta them six, seven point guards. You know what Luca is is gonna be coming soon.


Speaking of six, seven point guard. Your son, he fit the mold. Yeah, he nasty. I ain't gonna lie. He nasty. I be watching his highlights. I seen him, I watched games like his, he got a score mentality. The lineage. Man, that's straight from you. I'm like damn. I heard, I hear, I heard you tell stories about how y'all train 600 shots in the morning, things like that. Does he love it like that or is that just like you putting it? He likes it. Oh he likes, he Don't, he don't understand what the love is yet. Yeah, right. You know, he's, he's sitting there in that mode of, you know, I got my friends yeah girlfriend, my family school and he thinks all of it is on the same playing field.


I'm like nah dog, you gonna have to sacrifice three of the motherfuckers. You know what I mean? Yeah. Facts ain't no friends ain't no girlfriends like that. You know, if you're trying to get to that level. Yeah. Right. So you know right now he he likes it a lot. Yeah. And I'm telling him like, you probably won't love it until you make it to the NBA something happened nigga whoop your ass out there. Or you see somebody working at a level you've never seen before. Yeah. And it, it, it changes how you look at the game. Yeah, sure. Right. So I don't expect you to, you know, be in love with it right now. Just go and try to, you know, practice and, and just have the good ass habits. Yeah. You know, to make you good And know as a high school coach, you know what I'm saying? When you see a player like that and as you see the progression stuff I saw I other kids too, daughter going to college going crazy as well.


When we see somebody like that in high school, we just like you good now and you not there yet. How's it like to see somebody like that? Like it's not untapped. Like oh you got another gear you can get to, you just don't even know it yet. Nah, it's like, it's like a blank canvas. It's like bro he's so talented, he got this and got that and it's just like if he gets this or he works like this, it's nowhere. Nowhere. It's nowhere we can say he can go. It is like the sky's the limit or whatever. But like when I see him with the height, the speed, the handle, the shot making, it's like damn, once he get a little stronger and he get the game it is like shit we looking at a allstar Because he know how to get that motherfucker up there. Yeah. Oh no. He gonna shoot like I seen shoot on three people one time. I be, hey I be sitting there like man zero nigga be telling you I you to shoot that.


Wait you talking ball? Hell yeah. A couple times you setting up I'm one of those like no, no, no, no. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Nah, see but that was the reason and I, I tell a lot of parents, I said stop teaming your kid. If your kid got talent, stop doing that team up. Shit that my first to hurt your children. I said high school is development for you and your child ain't about winning fucking championships. Say I was, I was gonna ask why you didn't send him right to Sierra. Like I've never seen a college coach come down and say, yo, how many high school championships you won?


How many a a u championships you won? Oh yeah, no, you average 40. I want you. Right. I I got a bunch of people that can pass ball to you and rebound and stuff like that. I'm not, I'm not taking a whole Sierra King team. I'm looking for one or two people. Yes. So I would rather you be, instead of playing on Sierra Canyon averaging 10, I'd rather you be the dude that get beat by 40 but you had 40 because you the going, you're gonna be the one that stands out. Hold on. Hold, hold on Gil. I agree with that. And you know that's why I'm chiming in 'cause both of y'all different so I can talk about this 'cause me and him feel the same way. Getting beat by 40 and having 40. It maybe that shit is floating in Cali and that's cool.


But Indi in Indiana bro. It's gone. Coaches is looking at you a little bit different bro. Yeah. All right. Now think about it like this. Your team is a bunch of five stars. Yeah. And the dude that got nobody scored 40 on you. How he's just, you had just to stop that motherfucker right there. How we won by 40. How you supposed to win by 40? He didn't supposed to score 40 on a bunch of five stars. Y'all supposed to double him, trap him do whatever. So the fact that he scored 40 lets you know that he had to do it against all five of you. So it's, it's making him do everything Right. Your your team is going half-assed. 'cause it's just better than everybody.


So they not really digging down. He has to rebound, he has to try to block shots. He has break your full court press. Right. So he has to rub his engine so hard just to compete with you. That's, that's the development. He has to rub his engine so hard to compete. Now when he gets with a group, it's so much easier. Nah, I get you. I I understand where you're going. Like for coaching. Yeah. You trying to win. Yeah, I'm trying. I'm Nah. And that's why I'm gonna let the professional speak then I'm on the coaching side. I get it. You, you, you trying to do like I'm talking about just as the parent trying to go to the next level. Yeah. I'm trying to figure out how to build the tiger because it's easy for you to turn an aggressive person down.


Yeah. If you haven't been aggressive it's hard to turn you up. Turn up. Yeah, for sure. That's Right. Right. Like, like somebody like Brody James right? Yeah. He's been at Sierra Canyon playing with all these five stars and you like, yo, why you don't shoot enough? He's never, he's never did it. Yeah. Yeah. He's been passing winning games, winning. They've taken four, five shots a game. They beating everybody by 30. He never had. But do you think that messed with his aau run with him being that same type of player? Even the aau? Same. He, we got the same team. Yeah. Lot of The same team. You got a whole bunch, you got Dior Johnson, you got all these guys, you got the same group. So he's never had a team where it's like, yo, you gotta go out, you gotta go out there and score 40. They're gonna embarrass the hell outta you. But Playing devil advocate, like your kid, your son, he has the talent to do that.


Like you can see it, it jumps off the screen. Like okay, if you put him in a place with other five stars, he's still gonna shine as a five star. It's some other kids, like they might be three stars, two and half, they go to a smaller school, average 40 do everything and then they go play with five stars or other good players and they don't know how to adjust. Yep. Yeah. That, that happens. Nah. Happens. It happens a lot bro. And, we know of a situation kinda like that. Like I know the parents think they five stars too. That's that's what Oh Yeah. See Yeah. But it's like, it's a bunch of kids in Indy who went to school, smaller schools and stuff and then they get to college and it's like, I don't know how to play with other good players. Yeah.


And it's like, and That's a balance. You gotta still put that kid into a group where like, so like he plays by himself at this school then he plays on Compton Magic. Yeah. So he plays with CO and all those guys. Right. So and shit, he still, you be like, yo just you pass around and you Tony ain't between school ball. You be sitting like, oh man Daddy your name you bro, you can't Tell me to pass But it, but, but, but I, I, I like that because I can, you can sit him down and say yo, hey. Yeah. Because if you, if that person's never at that level when you need him to do it, he don't know what it look like. Yeah. He don't know what hitting game winners feel like.


Right. Even somebody like, you know Cooper Flag. Yeah. Cooper Flag in the last two years probably never hit a game winner. Never been in a situation to Right. They've been blowing everybody out. Team's been winning. Remember he average 1613 this year. Yeah. So he's never really had takeover. Takeover. Oh. Oh Well He played on Maine though, But he did and he in that EYB hold on. Good in the EYBL run. He was bringing them back from cra. They was down a few times and he had a will and back 16 U. But I'm saying that's why never coming out party Paul. No he's never played, he's never played 17 u ever but Right. So when like, so when everybody else is playing seventeens, he went down the 16th.


He's, he's, he's no, I mean he's dominant but what I'm saying, what I'm saying is when it comes to like putting him to them game winners, he's never felt the pain of missing and the being a disappointment to your team or you know getting the ball stolen and like my son had to go through all that. Right. Missing the layup and the rest of the teammates like, oh man, now you gotta bounce back. Yeah. Right. What you gonna do tomorrow? Right. Hitting the game winner shit, you know, sitting there miscalculating the boy steal it, tie game earn beat him at the buzzer, nigga damn near throwing up in the bathroom 'cause he let the whole school down. How you going? How you gonna react tomorrow though? I can. Right. So you get that adversity.


So if you, he had one year at Mount Verde. But what I'm saying is that you still gotta go through the fire. You can't go to the NBA and then take your first game winning loop. Man you gonna get eight up if you not built like that. Right. Even like Curry, Curry wasn't a game. He didn't hit many game winners in the beginning of two championships 'cause he was blowing everybody out. So he was sitting in the fourth quarter. Yeah. So when Kevin Durant got there and Kevin was like yo, so gimme that ball. They haven't, it was like shit, we never been in this situation. Know who to get a ball to. Right. You gotta have some experience. You gotta have some experience. The Yeah. I fuck with you bro. Man, he and I y'all pros bro. And I never go against y'all. But this one bro, he the best player in the country for the 16.


You No, no, no, no, no, no facts. He's the best player. No player in the country. But you can see like because of the blowouts, he's never been really, really battle tested. Like there's NBA players dog that they, they franchise guys and they won't take the game winner 'cause they're scary. You example I'm saying you put it in your mindset to be the guy. Guy. Like some guys is comfortable with being number two, you know what I mean? So if you number two in NBA now you get 280 million. That's crazy. Like Out why you Podcasting? What you talking about? Just You see I'm just saying some people cool will be a number two.


So Cooper flag number two straighten my book. It's A hell of a number two max. Nah, nah. I know he's, he's gonna be a franchise guy but you know you have to like, like right now it's like he needs to be put in situations where he gets battled. Right. You don't wanna go to the NBA and then you go to a locker room and niggas don't like you anyway. Yeah. And you do something wrong. You already know they're gonna jump down your back. Sure. If you ain't, you ain't been built the state statement. Watch out. You going to, you gonna fall behind. Yeah. But you don't really get that until you in like year three anyway. The watch out. What? Watch out. Yeah. Like you a rookie. It's already somebody there. You know it's somebody there that's gonna tell you, Hey I got that.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then when you the franchise player as a rookie, they already hating on you. Oh you had, you had bib. You had Bib and Joe. Yeah I had Jamal Kirk, I had B. You can speak from experience Joe. I had All oh had So it wasn't no watch out. I know they was fighting over that goddamn ball. That's why you wanted to check him when he came was shit, I ain't going shit Joe out there, shit all these jam. He was like, who taking his last shot? Yeah. And I'm like Joe getting that bro. I used to tell Jamal Joe. Yeah Joe, Joe. That Jamal you couldn't tell Jamal? Nah, Jamal used to, he shot A couple of 'em. There you go. Yeah, he gonna get the motherfuckers up For sure. I'm like, hey swing up. Ball the joke bro. You outta pocket bro.


Joke. I be calling him like, damn Joe, you gonna allow this joke, you gonna allow this joke. You ain't gonna come get this joke. That's the shit he be Gonna come get this the locker room probably.


This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, they'll find the one again and again the latest sneak drop. You can't stop thinking about one of a kind street where you're dying to wear and fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet On eBay. You'll feature your eyes on the full meal of hard to find fines. Start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make the designer collab your main course. The cherry on top. A timeless watch or iconic rear handbag and the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah. eBay is the place for new pre love ventures and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweet, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the source. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insider's Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders. You're a loyal viewer of the show now you're on it. How does it feel? I Am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite Shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I gotta ask why you here man? And see we, we gotta resurface this angel res topic, you know what I'm saying? We had a conversation on our show about stab pad and people didn't like it but what I saw yesterday was one of the nastiest displays. I'm happy that that double double streak ended because that was one of the craziest things I have seen in a long time in basketball. Man, I understand that happens but I'm so happy that that streak ended it 'cause there is no way we could glorify that man was crazy. Nah, but that was nasty Work man. A hat if was nasty bro. If it was that easy everybody would've tried it. Thank you. It thought she wasn't pat, she just couldn't make layups the first try. I'm talking about shooting a layup when you down 20 and 10 seconds left the game to get the double double.


That's correct. Oh No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm sorry. Listen, listen, listen. Four people all around. Listen I love that. Shout to the liberty. Shout to already got the record and you trying to extend it. There's gonna be situations where it might come down to a rebound or miss and you gonna miss it to, to keep it going for sure. Right. That's just it. You know what I mean? If I got 20, 20 triple doubles right. If I 20 triple doubles for sure and I need one with three seconds left and I don't give a fuck what we up. I need this basket. I'm going get the basket. Y'all can fight me after I know that streak is going. I ain't mad at her. I wasn't mad at her but I told you she don't make layups. She don't make mad, she don't make layups.


So no, you know she get into all her offense. Rebound. That's age. Yeah you do your thing. Do your thing. Somebody gave her the best comparison that we ever had. I ain't gonna say his name but he, he said she was Kenneth Farid. Mm. And I said that I know him well. Yeah, I said that is a great comparison 'cause He's that she's a, she's a great rebounder. She's not very gifted offensively yet. That was her Achilles heels. Yeah. But this is gonna be the worst that we get to see of her offensively. She'll develop. But you know it's just, she's just a rebounder defender type of girl. She a Hell of a rebound. She a killer. That's her thing.


It's just funny though 'cause she was trying to get that triple double, I mean that double double and they triple team on the baseline with 10. Nick left in the game. They up 16. That shit was funny. They Haters Bro. They haters for sure. They haters bro. Yeah, you don't want that record to be like, you want to be the people that broke it yo. Yeah, for sure. That's like you getting that rebound and fuck it up the parlay. Oh yeah, they was hot about that man. I got a rebound. Bobby Porters needed one rebound to get like to hit the parlay or whatever and I grabbed it man Milwaukee was hot. They was cussing me out and I ain't know what was going on. They Like what the fuck, D you don't even play whatcha doing. I'm Out in the way. Yeah, I'm out in the way trying to get a sta I had one, Reba Had, Reba had somebody probably had me at 0.5.


Somebody bitch somebody nigga sitting all the way top though. Point five Man. That is crazy man. But also with that being said with, you know what I'm saying? With that being so prevalent now, today's space with the sports gambling like that for you also, even going back, how would you feel you would've did with NIL at Arizona? I I'm, I'm gonna be honest man, I wasn't like that. I wasn't him. Okay. Yeah. Right. I mean I was the least scorer on the team, but I played with four all Americans. Yeah, right. So you know Jason Gardner, they was gonna get richer back.


Right. Like they would've, they would've probably, you know, I was more of a scavenger dog. Right. You know, I, I got NILI was, I, I got my money right. I was selling, I was selling autograph balls. Right. Get all, hey sign that, sign that sign that break back into the locker room, steal all in. Right. So I was getting this and I was getting my money. I was doing well. Respect. I wasn't starving at all. I'm sitting like that. Like this. When I got drafted I said it, I got draft second round. I like man I took a pay cut coming to the NBA man. I ain't go back to college. Say that again. I took a pay cut coming to the NBA give Fuck if they get in trouble, shit, I'm in shit, I'm in trouble right now.


I done spent all this money shit. I bought this cheap ass chain and that Escalade with that. I thought I saved money on the the fake diamond. No cubi. No cubi. Zirconia baby. Oh man. Shout out to Man how much you Spend on the cubic ocon Chain. 10 bands. Oh He saw Big Woo you was Christmas. Yeah. You saw because you know that shit back then. Right. Dipset had the whole, the ice, everything was coming all the way down and everybody did did their initials. So everybody shit was like this big. So that GGA just sitting there just Yeah I made It.


I remember Elton brand telling me about, they called it the Ice Age. He said he spent 250,000 on the chain. Yeah. Dang. I said you crazy as hell. No serious. No shit. That's nuts bro. Man, 10 grand looked just as second. I feel you on that man. One of my favorite things y'all doing over Gil. Ready? Obviously y'all going crazy but the game y'all be playing the draft. That shit was fire man. I love that competitive league with that man. Oh, Brandon was pissed. Nigga team. Sorry. Hell man. Yeah. I need some shooting. I'm gonna go get James worthy. James worthy. James worthy. He be going right.


He ain't, that was nigga Sitting. That's his Camera right there. Hey, you know what's funny? Like when we, when you talk about the eighties and everybody get mad and then you ask them, have you watched a game? They're like, no, no. And you know what, we got the internet now go go in and popping in the throw and pop in one of 'em eighties games. Boy they over there doing enough. The flex cut the UCLA cut the weave. Yeah, it's bad. Nevermind prehistoric basketball. They don't know what to do with the Euro step back then. Hey, when you tra They called travel on there. Hey, when you was saying that, when you was like, when Grand Hill came in the league and he was doing right to left crossovers, he, he's like, they never seen that before.


And I watched that tape and how bad he was crossing Pippin and all that. I'm like, yeah, it might have been spooky. That's what I'm Man listen that even the, even the handshake Right. The handshake was great because the guard didn't score. Yeah. Right. So they coming down full court with their back to the basket. Right. So it's easy to hold onto him. Yeah. Right. They didn't do that to Isaiah Thomas because he was the scoring guard. They didn't do it to Tim Hardaway. They didn't do it to Kevin Johnson. Right. When these guys came into the league and they're coming to the basket, where was your hand checked in? It was still in. Yeah. Obviously you can't handshake a motherfucker's stomach. Right. So that means he has to turn for you to hold his side.


So the fact that everybody's going downhill, the handshake was irrelevant. All you doing is just trying to catch up and then you did this shit. You wasn't in league yet. Hell where you drive in and then they just push you into, Nah, they Still doing that. They were still doing that. Yeah, They was still doing that. I baby started doing that to me in practice. He let me go, he pushed right in. I'm like Just sitting there just like, come on ref. Yeah. Them they couldn't move. They couldn't move left or right man. Yeah. Them all niggas, Hey, the eighties is the eighties is the euros today, y'all don't move very well left or right. They They hate him. They hate they hate him before he was I've cut y'all Because it's, it's, it's, we're talking about a time that it was the NBA 78 when the NBA merged.


Right. And they don't like talking about it. 'cause it was dark ages. Right. Big drug problems. Like it was, they had to tape delay everything Yeah. Yeah. To make sure everything was clean. But it was going through a real big drug problem in the eighties. Right. Just like the world was. Yep. Right. So now you have a bunch of NBA players just integrated. They got money. So what do you think they going do? Right. So when magic and bird came in magic was the NBA's. I call it the NBA because A, B, A and n, BA, when they put it together, it's, that's the NBA. Yep. One league. Now Magic Johnson was their first baby. That was the baby boy of the NBA 19 years old. He was the baby boy of the NBA. Yeah. Bird was 22 when he came in, right?


Yeah. So the first child of the NBA was magic. And they held, they held the NBA to get They did. And then Jordan just polarized it. So, you know, that's why those three are iconic. So when you talk about the eighties, they think you're talking about them three. Yeah. Right. You know, like when you say, man, eighties suck And, we got, we got Magic Bird. Like, yeah, we, we get it dog. The Rest of you, There's 400 other motherfuckers here. Y'all was having, y'all was having 216 people draft dog all the way up into that nasty, bro. I heard somebody say I was drafted in the seventh round before I was like, Damn.


That was all the way until 80, 87. Yeah. 87 Michael Jordan there, 216 people drafted with him. Yeah. That's Crazy. That's crazy. He was a big guard too, though. You would've killed them, huh? Way faster. You was a bigger guard. You would've, What you think play like you now, like if you had to say somebody like put you in a motor yourself, who would you say? Probably Maxie. Okay. How He just wants to come downhill real fast. Nah, that's a great comparison. Yeah. It like, because it was TV then, like people don't, I, I, I, I sat in a post, right. It was like I did, I did more posts enough than I did just, it was either going post up the little guard and they have to put the big guard on me and now I'm trying to do one full flat and beat him off the drill.


Yeah. And you had one thing that I've always seen and my dad coached and he taught it to some of our players on the team. They're like, yeah, you can shoot, but you may not be as fast or quick. If you can step out a little bit in that three point line, now they gotta guard you a little bit differently. You was like the pioneer of that shit because your three point threat was at the volleyball line. So you got all the space in the world. They couldn't do nothing with you. Yeah, I, I, so I seen some report, it was like some synergy report. Right. And then it had like, I'm trying to get better, like what are, what are my flaws at okay this corner, this and this. And I'm like, you know, like it had this like 56% from here. Like what the fuck is this? Yeah. And it's like, did the shots you took from this is 56%. So I'm sitting here like three point line 38 back here and I'm like sitting, I'm sitting there like this doesn't even make no sense.


So then I'm coming to the spot trying to figure out like, all right, then I realized the guard is sitting under the three point line waiting for me. Yes. There's nobody guarding me here. Right. If I'm shooting a three, I'm getting contested. Yeah. Here there's no contest. Yeah. Right. So this is an open shot. So I started training these shots right here knowing that they're gonna be open. Nobody's gonna be back there trying to play defense. Like when I came in, everybody went under Yeah. Because guards didn't shoot behind the screen. So that's what gave me the advantage. Like, like, yo, I'm not Gary Peyton dog. I don't, you know, I don't like, I don't, I don't have a big man to pull to pass the ball to. So I don't gotta sit there and the big man come throw it. Then you know, I fan out and then they double gotta swing it, swing it, swing it.


And then the last person that's get the ball, he can't shoot. Right. Because that's usually you put the worst shooter up all the corner on the other side. Right. And And that's the nigga who got all the shots. Yeah. For I used to, I was that guy before Rookie. They like go to the corner. I was like, oh, this motherfucker coming to me. Shit. I remember when I did the first P roll pick boom and, and they switched out and I thought, oh shit. Hey move. I did one of those and move, move. Yeah. And coach's like, what are you doing? I was like, I'm about to take him off the dribble. And I was like, what are you talking about? Look who I have on me. Look gonna take him off the dribble. And I was like, son, maybe this is why you don't play this game.


Maybe this why you got drafted 31, your IQ is low. Yeah. And I'm like, my what? And he is like, you don't see the guard guarding the big man? Yeah. Yeah I seen that. But I got the big And you don't think that's the pass? So you want me to pass him the ball? Him one? We don't call no plays for him anyway. But you want me to pass him the ball? What's gonna happen? They're gonna double. We gonna swing it, swing it, look who's in the corner. Yeah. He don't shoot. Right. Is that the play we want? Nah. So you had the Iq. So I ran it, boom, they switch it, threw it down, switch swish it.


And I said brick motherfucking then ear ball. So your all man crazy. I'm hot. I'm hot because it's like you don't know our plays and you don't know the player personality. Yeah. So later on that day, did the pick and they switch out again? Moves? Yeah. Yeah. I didn't, I was on ir after that was no more bench, I can tell you that. I You had to throw it to a Donald foil. Yeah. Straight duck. You know who Donald foil? God damn right. Shout foil. That my guy said hell of a pig.


I'm not doing it down into Oh shit. Shit. I see, I see the look on his face. Don't throw it down here. That was the look. I, oh it was just crazy 'cause it was like, like I'm sitting there like, like damn, we ain't never caught a play for this motherfucker down there but owe it to him a this is what we're doing. Hell, I'm, I'm glad he got fired 'cause I would've never got off the bench after that display. And you know what's so crazy? We've been blessed to talk to some great pros this last couple weeks and just like mine that you guys have, like obviously with y'all being guards, I know the game probably better than anybody, but it's like your own intuition has to kick in.


'cause yes, this coach is professional and he's telling you what to do, but you're just like, well I'm telling you it's actually right. But this is now an ego battle. Yeah. It has nothing to do about what's going on the court. It's about a mental or personal thing. How do you overcome that situation where you like, I know what the fuck I'm doing is Right, but now I gotta really prove it to you or get lucky that you get fired to get out the way I gotta deal with it. It's, it's on both sides man. It's a, it's a give and take. Okay. Right. You know, we have two visions. Right. You know, the player has the 2K vision. The the coach has a court side vision. So we're seeing different things. Right. Yeah. We, we, we have two different views of it. So we're we, we both are right And, we both are wrong depending on what we looking at at that time.


So you might be saying, you know, five down. Right. Throw it to the big man and I'm watching the game, I'm seeing his mannerism like, nah that ain't it. He ain't, he ain't got it today. Right. So the point of putting me at the point is you have to trust my, my instinct. Sure. Right. Yeah. That's why you have me at the point. Yeah. To trust my instinct knowing that I'm gonna do more right than I'm gonna do wrong. Right. So as a coach you have to give, you have to give the freedom just to, just so they can explore. So you know like you know there's games where you have to say, alright, I ain't coaching today. Let me see what you got. You coach you sub in whoever you gonna sub in.


No you gotta coach Steve. Come on Coach Steve. You know why, you know why what? You gotta see how they think. Right. Because you know how you be subbing players in and niggas be like Yo I should be playing this. Oh you do? Alright look, hey I'm not gonna coach today. I'm just gonna be watching players coach themselves. Motherfucker starting five and you try to get up, practice gonna be trying to get up and be nigga be like, nah dog. No you not, you don't get in in the regular game. You ain't getting in today. They gonna self-check themselves anyway. Yeah. It be one of 'em games. Y'all know you're gonna win in by like 40. We don't got nothing game. Nah, nah nah. But he does have that mentality in practice sometimes. Practice, practice man you gotta do that in the game.


Everybody think they good And we got luxury to do. You gotta got one of those teams, you gotta raid the room. You got one of those teams, y'all got one of those teams Ain't Got the luxury. Y'all playing all high Level got every single team, every team somebody you seen hard ball. That's where they at right now. They they they get to next up but right now they first of the hard ball, every team we play is like a top team in the state though. So yeah, He always have like a, well always but second year. But he got a tough schedule. He usually, okay at the school we at, I don't know if Elijah got up and down, maybe he got the blonde or the deaf school and then he got a place of hurricane or no, no that tax that So the prep School a little, You feel Okay.


That's why I saying Cali a little different. You know, I mean when you in that for a you in that for a, there ain't not really no ducking. He got a a d one player every night. Yeah. Oh see that? See the problem with with the Cali schools is because everyone teamed up. Yeah, right. You're gonna have seven, five stars on one team. These schools might not have nothing. You're gonna got four on that side. So Yeah. Then Sierra Kay's in a division where most of the teams don't even got no black players. Ah Right. So for the most part they're trying to duck and forfeit anyway 'cause it's like we we're not equipped to play you guys. Y'all not even in our, y'all ain't even supposed to be in the league. Yeah, right.


You know y'all done soup the teams up, y'all can't be in this regular athlete. So Yeah, they supposed to be on that mount VE circuit. Yeah they playing prep Schedule. Yeah. So yeah bro don't have that luxury bro. Nah, We don't got that. We got, He ain't got a NBA player every time like when he was playing in high school. But he definitely for sure most likely is playing a D one player on the other end. For sure. Yeah. When I was in high school was the NBA player at every school? Yeah. That sectional. Yeah that section. That's what I'm saying. You trying to slight Indiana. Yeah. Eric Gordon G Hill went to school with him. Yeah. I had Courtney Lee on my team. Yeah, Robert. We had Robert Vaden in high school. Mike Con, Mike Con, Josh mc Roberts. Yeah. We can go crazy. And that was In one section of Gordon. Each One We can go crazy. Yeah, we can go all in one. Yeah. Yeah. We, so if you got lucky enough to beat George Hill, Josh Robertson, you got to get Mike Conley.


Oh see, oh that LA's so spread. Yeah. Yeah, That's what the LA's so spread where he don't really Right. You can't, yeah. It ain't real like that. That's so many divisions though. It ain't. It's crazy. We just got four A. Yeah, well we got one A, two A, but don't nobody really play that. But still even with those players, the NBA players, he still play with D one caliber players on his team. Yeah. Mike Colin and them still, they sent Donald Cordier Mike, He had like eight players go D Team. Yeah bro. So it's different. Nah, so Indiana different. It's basketball for real. Like Yeah. Even like it's a hood school called Arlington. It ain't a school no more. They had a dude named Deontay Vaughn went to Cincinnati. Yeah. They beat Greg O and then Mike Conley, you know. Yeah. Yeah. They only lost it a year. Yeah. They only lost it a year.


But he killed them. He had like 38. They was ranked 20th in the country. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So, So like okay Too. We did, nah, I used N Enemy already when we, I did ball up, ball up. My Dad was running There too. Yeah. That's his damn shit running. And then we went to Indy, knock on like yeah We had an indie team. Yeah, Yeah. There was some jumping motherfuckers out for sure. Y'all Northwest. Yeah. Yeah. And it was sound like yeah they can get it here, they in Chicago. I was like, yeah y'all got some bouncy over here.


See Indianapolis is one of 'em places that you'll go to an open gym. It's a random nigga who just drank a fifth and about to come hoop. But he probably had D one talent and just, but just basketball in Indianapolis especially just mean too much like the open gyms in the city. Yeah. Be different than most places. You're go in there with D level mentality. Just, just got off a eight hour shift just Hmm. Because y'all got top heavy players in Cali. Like you Russ, Barry. I got a Lot of Allstar too. For sure. For sure. Paul Pierce. Like we don't, but even that, that's still spread out though. Yeah because like, you know, you got, you have the LA schools you get, so you got section Southern section, they don't play each other. So for the most part, like unless you schedule it like Jason Crow Jr.


And my son, they would never see each other. Oh okay. But because they both led, so Jason Crow Jr. As a freshman led the country and or led Cali and Score. My son was number two. Everybody was like, we wanna see them play against each other. So now we have to section each other, but their team is better than my son's team. Right. There's even though in their section they suck like shit. Yeah, right. It's just, it is all divisions. Yeah. You know, it's all division so it's all spread out. So it's hard for Ah, yeah, that's tough. Yeah. Like Even though, you know, my son, him playing against Sierra Kane, everybody's like, oh he needs to be in this. It's like he does the, the rest dog, the rest of the team dog. They won't even make the the C squad at your school.


Yeah. Damn right. They can't even dribble. They, they better know how take the ball out, you know what I mean? Like that. So you over there where like Martin and Rebound? Like Martin and Rebound. You got one of them teams over there. Oh, your team couldn't, they couldn't come to Indiana bro. But we went to the state. That's it. But we went to, but that's what I said. But my son would be like, if it's an Indy, he just gonna go to one of those, those schools. He's not gonna be on the bottom feeding team. Oh, He come to Pike? Yeah, he come. Oh yeah, we take you a party for sure. But yeah, you could. It ain't no schools like that in Indy. Nah, it is no sad schools in that for a, yeah. Like we get beat by Hamilton Southeastern or like Fisher. They got the best. They one state and it's all white dudes.


Yeah. And you like, like when you about to go plum, you like, man, you about to kill them. They start hooping you like, ah shit. Yeah, they play like goddamn Cutting slash Like gold state. But they wasn't holding the ball and shit. They were scoring like a hundred points, 85 points. But his son got the luxury too of being trained by him too. So that kinda, yeah. Yeah. It make a difference. For sure. For sure, for sure. Yeah man. Listen, this has been a wonderful time for us, Gil. We wa we've been waiting for this episode. We appreciate you blessing us. Thank you man. Presence man. For sure. This is great man. Be here before we get out here. Tell the people they can buy, buy some merch at Shop club. Five twenty.com Baby. You Know what it is? Club five 20 gives Arena.


We appreciate this happening. Hey, shout to Helico one time for the one time showing us love all week. We appreciate y'all like share, subscribe, all that good shit. We'll be back next time. Resorts World Vegas, man. Appreciate. Yes sir. The Volume


Man. Listen. Traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staying in the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah, Traveling sometimes. And they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, pots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier For sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified end up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man. It was perfect. Shout to Airbnb, how you feel about the tea. The food Was nasty, But Airbnb was great.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway he Tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no Further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and Off the field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista and NFO Network's, team of experts. The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.