
TNT Sports on True TV is here and is bringing you action for some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There's also a new slate of original shows of podcasts like the Steam Rub with EJ and Chuck and above the fold. With Jemele Hill, TNT Sports is taken over Prime time making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starting at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cash back earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp and a person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


What's good, Justin Jefferson here Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds, To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com


Coming soon to Prime Video you can call me Detective Alex Cross, based on characters created by James Patterson. We have to catch this serial killer. I don't kill for fun and created by Ben Watkins. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Al de Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soup, we may never have another chance. The clock's ticking. Do you think you can stop him? I no I can't. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video November 14th.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


The Volume. Alright, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells special special guest in the building championship edition to my left. We gonna introduce my man's last, but to my far left we got my dog Bishop B. Heading out the prayer least How you what? Nasty. Cool and nasty. Let's get to it. Look, jt, I know you know what I'm saying? You got your own shoe. But have you ever seen the black forces with the white laces? Yeah, I seen the pod a couple times. You rocking with him. JT is cool. jt, this DJ introduced the other niggas. I ain't gonna do that. I ain't like his energy with to my right.


I got my dog Young Nacho yo Tea. How you what man? I'm chilling bro. I got my Jordans on some sixes for team Jordan today. We got some team Jordan in the building. But you know I'm, I'm an anti athlete. They do not want you do Shout to Kyle man. He showed little man say, you know what I mean, respect to the brand. You crazy. But to my left man who actually has a shoe. Listen man, champion, champion, champion. One of the coolest to ever do it. Youngest killing the NBA. They never accomplished everything you could do at a young age. It still got more to build. Man we got the champion Jason Tatum in the building. Appreciate you pulling up Big dog. Nah, appreciate y'all having, he finally can say he champ like me, hype for you my boy idea.


You did do it first Ray JI did it first bro. You know what I mean? Caught him Ray J anything but Ray J but nah, better your cousin Ray bro. He Ray J me. But anyway, he got the champion here man. I'm hyped bro because this is my bro man he cool. He sure we got a Midwest group chat. We always show love in there. So I'm hype to have you on the show bro. Hey man, shout out to the game. Listen, we got lots to talk about with you, but we'll talk about the first time y'all met man, when y'all first linked up in Boston. Yeah. You came to save Celtics man I came to save him man, you know I mean head store line. You thank you jt. That be lying My jersey number first but I let him keep it so I had to go 55. You know I was originally zero.


Did you ask for it? What? 55? No. Fuck no. Did you ask for your Jersey zero? I said is it available? You did not. I said is it available? Nah, I asked for, I respected what he did but I ain't know I was gonna lose my name in the process. But it's all good though. The real jt. Yeah, I lost my number and my name was crazy. Even had no identity out there. So is my whole identity bro. It it's crazy. It's cool though man. That's funny. Listen man, we gonna start to the orders of B here. He super tapped in, you know what I'm saying? With the high school aau, he was definitely on one of the coast AAU teams for sure.


Yeah, it was at the St. Louis Eagles. Yeah bro, you gave boys hell back in the day. Back in the day. Any member matchups you had back then? So I know you led the EYBL and scoring. He was gunning 26 in I think 10, 26 and 10 light. I think for me, I mean it's like everybody, we all grew up playing against guys that's in the league now. Harry Jaw, one of my best friends played against each other all the time. We got one of the best A A U games I feel like of all time. We played on ESPN semifinals to go to Peace Jam. Yeah. And we was down 20 and half.


We came back and my point guard Jordan Barnes who went to Indiana State. Okay. Playing overseas now. He had a half course shot at the buzzer and that was, it was crazy 'cause you know HG was no more player in the country playing against the best team to go to the finals. And I committed to Duke on TV right after that game. Grant Williams was out there, Johnson coach was out there. Oh Johnson about that game. We talking about that game. It was like five or six pros out there and we was at Peach Jam. CP was on the bench coaching. So that's like one of my favorite AAU games I've ever been a part of. You gave boys buckets. You gave Miles. Bridges 40 Dang Markel foes 40, dang. Damn. I forgot who the other name was in high school.


I think yo, your senior year you had went crazy. I mean I've been all right for, for a while. I seen, I seen a highlight when you and Jalen Brunson was going at it in high school. So I ain't gonna lie. Jalen Brunson, he gave us 50. He played in, we played in West Virginia. Yeah I was a junior. He was a senior and that was, that was one of the times I left and I was like, no we got cooked but we ended up, we ended up winning the game. But it just cool to look back on those matchups was like man, like people think Jalen Brunson may be a, a late bloomer but he like been killing since Nice. Yeah he was in high school. Even in the USA like the U 19. The U 19 team.


Like he was going crazy. No, he went on my team. He won on y'all team No year after that. Oh, U 19. Yeah. Not 2019 U 19. Yeah he won MVP. Yeah he was killing so he was in Yeah we, we tapped in. You see our facts and get you we we straighten you out now. No, that crazy was cool. Yeah, that was crazy. He was going crazy. It was like three of us were still in high school. Some was going to college and some just finished like their freshman year in college. So yeah it was cool to have a mix of different guys but no JB he put us on his back and we was in, I think we was in Greece and we won the gold medal. Mm. They killing being from St. Louis and being a star high school player.


Like why you choose Duke? I know Emil here and Duke, he was at Duke for 20 years. But why did you choose Duke Dave? That that's my new big 13. My fault. My fault. My fault. Yeah. He a legend at Duke for sure. No mill. Mill a legend. Shout to a bill for sure. Nah fact he was the first to be honest man, growing up I never thought that I was going to Duke. Like I just didn't think people where I came from went to Duke. I didn't think like that Coach K would come to my crib.


Yeah. I wanted to go to Ohio State. Greg Oen, Mike Conley, Evan Turner, those are my favorite players in college so Damn. I thought that's where like I was going. You didn't watch Wake Forest? Never. Oh okay. Just making sure. Shout out to CP though. Oh you watching? I'm like, oh man y'all crazy. Obviously you said high school crew are going crazy. Ended up going to Duke. What was that transition like? You know what I'm saying?


Because obviously Holly Tyler career in high school, you get to Duke, duke is the place that's like none of other tradition is very important. You got a hall of Fame coach and the institution that's more than any player for you to come in. Like it is humble to be in that situation. How was that? You know they always say like when you in, that's the first big decision you make as a, as a young man. And for me, I only took one official visit. Like I took one official visit and I got there on like Friday morning by Saturday I remember I was at the bookstore with my mom like, yo like we need to start buying hoodies. Like I'm coming to Duke. Damn. I just felt that the vibe of the team, how they felt about coach and, and how they talked about him and how close they was, I was like man, I don't want to waste no time of going to no other visits.


I was like man, I wanna go to Duke. So that was like one of the best decisions I ever could have made. Some of my best friends I ever met from Duke, shout out to John Shire, that's somebody I talk to every other day still. And you know we always talk about the brotherhood and and that's a real thing regardless of if you ever played with them or if they was there 25 years before you. It's always love whenever you see anybody that had that uniform. And I just wanted to be a part of something that was bigger than myself. Hmm. And knowing that I was only gonna go to college for, for one year. Damn you knew that? That's a blessing boy. Yeah I did. I knew that I wanted to, I wanted to be somewhere that was gonna set me up for the big stage.


Right. You go to Duke, that's the best, no disrespect nobody else but that's the best, one of the best college programs right? We always on national tv the expectations is high media training, all those things is just preparing you for the next level. Yeah. And I was gonna ask like, you know what I'm saying, I know that that's lit but what was that experience like that first time playing in in Cameron Indoor? Like what was that first? Because they y offense crazy as hell. Yeah. So I mean a lot of people don't know I got hurt in our second pro day so we had our second prote. I ended up, I had like a little stretch fracture in my toe and I missed, I missed our first 12 games. So I remember that I, my first time playing, I think we played like Tennessee State at home and it wasn't no load management, no minute restriction.


I played like 22 minutes straight. I called it cramp. So my first game was a little little up and down. But no, we got the best fans. A lot of people when they come to Duke they don't understand that like this is the gym. Like it's so small. They walk past, they think that's where we practice at. Yeah. It's only like 6,000 people in there. But you know they, they definitely support and the energy is crazy and you know it's bittersweet. Like I only got the experience that for one year but it definitely was a great experience. How was it playing for coach? I about say Coach Kyle, Mike Shaky cow. My dog. I'm swear you know Prep hand thinking about that money, family, you know what I mean?


Lock it. Shout out to the game. Now how was that playing for Coach K though Bro? I heard he got in your ass a couple times. Hey, hey yo. Alright Jason. He trying call him Jason up here, get out. Lost my name. He alright. Playing for Coach K was great. I mean the thing I respect most about coaches is he is a leader of of men. Yeah. And he really understands how to galvanize a team and how to get you to really compete and play hard. And I think that's the biggest thing for kids that's coming outta high school. Everybody's talented. But how can you work well with a team? How do you learn how to compete?


How do you learn how get outside yourself, get outside your comfort zone? I think Coach K was great at at motivating and he wanted the best for me. Like he wanted me to be the best player I could be. He wanted me to be one and done. He wanted me to go be where I'm at. And I think that was, that was important and that was special. 'cause you hear a lot of stories of coaches that like yeah wanna hold guy's back or want to keep him. Hell yeah Coach K. Like he pushes you to be the best version of yourself And that's somebody like Coach K texted me today like even at 77 like you know he still tap in and we talk all the time. Did he ever troll you like just to get you to play better or did he have his like little antics with you?


Nah, he definitely was a master manipulator. Yeah. I mean we was playing Virginia. Virginia. We was playing at Virginia and it was the best game I had in college at the time. I had two points at halftime but we was winning. I thought I was playing defense. I, I came at halftime, I'm dapping everybody up. I'm like yo, like you know, let's keep it going. We gonna win. Like keep playing the right way. No lie. I'm sitting next to Mill coach K came man, I'm like, I'm leaning forward. I'm like yo, like let's go. Caman took his jacket off and he threw it at me. He was like, you so fast St. Louis kid. He said, if I knew you was gonna play like this, I would've left you back in St.


Louis. Damn. I'm talking about he cussed me out the whole 12 minutes and like Mill was next. He could tell like I was, I don't get mad. Like I don't like nobody calling me soft and I don't want nobody to disrespect where I'm from. Yeah. That's how Nelly talked to Murphy Lee, Snoop Nel. But I think coach was just good at like, he knew how to push your buttons. Yeah. I scored 28 points in the second half because I was just angry and you know, at, at the time I didn't understand but after I realized like he just knew how to coach certain players.


Yeah. And he was excellent at that. That's hard. 28 points in second half. Damn you ain't get no shots. Ain't getting no shots bro. It's all good though. I've been there, I've been there. Chill. My man ain't got no mic. Can't, I'm just saying I been there. I I know the feeling bro. I, I played, I played on the Celtics bro. I there it was a different time of my life for sure man. It's funny. You know what I'm saying? The A CC people guard the best conference basketball. You was in there. You was in there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I'm sayings sl to you but I definitely hated you at a time period. 'cause I'm a Louisville fan and we did not have a chance to get y'all one the worst times of my life during that period because every cold player was going to Duke and we didn't have a chance at all.


Nah, nah. Duke is a tough place to play. I mean I killed, it was a tough place to play though. What you do with Cameron and Dora? Probably like two in school. Dang. I ain't got one done. All had two had two. I was already probably funny, funny man. He know I did two years bro. Trying to be funny. How could been won of done what you have against wake forests. You remember He ain't get no buckets. We locked that up. I ain't, I ain't play good ass. Yeah you nah we ain't going bro. Yeah. Ain't stupid ass motorcycle. Yeah Coach Cable, we played him blow the smoke. We blew the smoke at Coach K. Right. And he started coughing before the game.


He don't call in the ACC and tell him that we can't do the motorcycle no more. We beat him that game anyway. But I had 26 as freshman. Stupid motorcycle on the basketball team. What y'all do? And y'all probably only do that when y'all played Duke. I had 26 and we beat him. I ain't care. That's the problem. Everybody pull out their best tricks when Duke come to town. That was every, that was every game. Don't do that. I was nice that wake for but I got to your team leg was gone. Ain't had no more bounce, had none of that. Who was the hardest A CCC team You face against though. Wake for stop. I know he ain't gonna say that honestly. North Carolina. They won a championship that year. Yeah, I just won.


They won a JA year too. They won when I was in school too. They had Joe Berry, Justin Jackson A CC played the year. Yeah. Kennedy Meeks, Theo Peston. We ended up, we played 'em three times. Yep. We, we went two on one and if we didn't get cheated against South Carolina and we would've met 'em in the championship. Ah hell off South Carolina. They went to the final four. They did. They did. Bro lost the South Carolina smack guy. That was, that was outta shape. Glen Davis. Bill Kennedy mixed too. Yo. Oh you you're a North Carolina fan. Yeah, he like you Absolutely said you like Coach Cal. Right. But I fuck with UNCI fuck with Coach Cal off the court. We'll talk later The family business snitching In Two different ministries Walking The pot.


Don't worry about that. Obviously you say you knew it was gonna be a one to die, you know what I'm saying? Season ends. How was LA knowing you was like, it's time to get paid like transition to be a pro like dream come true. How was that moment? How was that Summer? I ain't gonna lie. We lost to South Carolina and I was, I was upset like, 'cause I was fully involved. Like I, I was at Duke. I was like, I won CS through, I won to win a championship. The start of the season wasn't great but we end up, we won the a CC tournament, we won four games in four days. Nobody had ever done that. So we ended up being a two Cs. So I'm thinking like, yo, we really gonna win the championship we lost in the second round. And after the game, I remember I was like devastated. I was sick, did media, I'm in the locker room and then I remember I got to the crowd and I went to go see my mom and it just, it just clicked.


I was like, it like my dream about to come true. Damn. And at that moment it wasn't like I didn't care that we just lost. It was like, man, this is what I been working towards my whole life. And it was like I saw my mom, I was like, yo, I'm about to change my mom life. Yeah. And at that moment I wasn't that sad no more. Like I was, I was damn near excited but I remember I was a little nervous calling Coach K of like telling him like, yo, I'm not coming back to school. And coach was like, you, you pick your agent yet you, you ready? I was like, damn coach, like you don't want me to come back? He's like, no. Like you gotta go. That's real. Yeah, that's real for sure. But like I, I always was gonna leave but I had just built a connection and relationship at Duke and you know, still tied in to this day and you know, I was just happy to be a part of that Program.


NBA is finally back. A new season means new ways to get into the action at DraftKings Sports book and official sports betting partner of the NBA. You can bet on teams to win game spreads and of course the best we always love on a Draftking sports book, those NBA player props, rebounds assist points, all the player props you need can be found on DraftKings new customers. Download the DraftKings Sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five two oh and bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


TNT Sports on True TV is here and it's bringing you action for some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and more. There's also a new set of original shows of podcasts like the Steam Rub with EJ and Chuck and above the fold with Jemele Hill. TNT Sports is taking over prime time making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starting at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv.


Hey it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and con


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the coverage and analysis you need. All reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our Decision 2024 team will provide insight as results come in And the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election. Tuesday beginning at six. PM Eastern on M SNBC.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora and Instacart. It's like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel. With my travel schedule, I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just Sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app. Sign up. Start earning 5% cash back today. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and maybe used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


This is an ad by Better Help. What comes to mind when you hear the word gratitude? Maybe it's a daily practice or maybe it feels hard to be grateful right now. Don't forget to give yourself some thanks by investing in your wellbeing. Better Help is the largest online therapy provider in the world connecting you to qualified professionals via phone, video or message chat. Let the gratitude flow visit better help.com to learn more in save 10% off your first month. That's better help hlp.com


Nah, that's dope man. A lot of people don't get that experience where their coach wants you to leave and like telling you pick a agent and stuff. Our coach was nothing like that bro. He was just ready for them niggas to go. Yeah, he was hating on us doing the draft. He was telling two people we was bad teammates, all type of stuff. It was crazy. So that's dope that Coach K did that for y'all. For real? Yeah that's love. Listen, we know where you win the draft but did you think he was going number one? You didn't think so? Who won number one in your draft? Markel. Markel. They and then two was Lonzo. I ain't gonna lie, Markel folks was cold in college, it was wrong. Nah, facts. He was hard to watch. Yeah, he was nice and I watched him, I was like, yeah he, he's special. Lonzo was nice but LaVar Ball's marketing skills that entire summer.


Yeah that was him. That was crazy. That's, that should be spoke on more because I mean Lonzo was Cole obviously he was deserving you was robbed. But LaVar so him so high for real He so him so high going on campaign. Who else pairing was on ESPN bro before the like he really went crazy for that. Daddy's gotta do better. I'm glad you ain't gonna be on bro privilege that wasn't involved right there. They gotta do better. You feel me? But it was a blessing not to go to LA for me to, for you. I'm glad you didn't go to la I mean you probably would've been filthy out there anyway but I think Boston was just perfect. No, I mean it definitely worked out. But like you said, during that process the narrative was, it was consensus that Markel was going number one and when the Lakers got the second pick it was like Lonzo was going too.


So it was never a thought in my mind. It was like I just felt like everybody had their mind made up. Dang. And I was in LA so Philly had the number one pick at first. They came to watch me out, the Celtics came to watch me out. I'm sorry the Celtics had the number one pick at the time they came to watch me in Phoenix. So Phoenix was four. So I work out for all of 'em. They come watch me. Everybody was raving about the workout but then somebody, I ain't gonna say his name was somebody on the Celtics run office was like, yo, one of the best workouts I seen, he was like good luck in your career but you know we got the number one pick, we probably not gonna pick you. So at the time I was like, like damn I don't, I don't wanna go.


Damn Brad you did that. No it wasn't bad. I'm just playing. Lemme, lemme stop bro. I'm sorry Brad. Hey good Brad, come on bro. Don't do my guy like that. Nah, Brad my guy too. I'm sorry Brad. For me, I grew up a Kobe fan. Like I always wanted to play for the Lakers so don't do it for them to have the number two pick And it was like they didn't even, it wasn't even a thought that I was going to get drafted. Like that was kind of devastating. So I never worked out for the Lakers. They never came to watch me out. And then it was like a week before the draft, Philly and Boston traded the 31 pick one, three and I wanted to go to Phoenix. Phoenix had the fourth pick. Errol Watson was the coach. I went out there, I was looking at houses, the weather was nice.


Damn they had a young team. I was like man I'm gonna go get the play facts. And then I remember Coach K was like, yo, Boston Wouldn to have you for a second workout, you should go. I'm like Coach, like they just came off the Eastern Conference finals. They got a veteran team like I'm probably not gonna play, I don't want to go. Yeah. And he was raving about bras Stevens, he was like brass. One of the best coaches in the league. Like just go for another workout. And I remember I went up to Boston like three days before the draft I had another workout and I ain't, I didn't know where I was getting drafted until they called my name. Dang. And but you know the rest was history and it, it all worked out for sure. That's crazy 'cause I know from the outside looking in, like you said, we fell for some of the propaganda from La ba blah. We didn't know it was sewed up like that.


So to hear you say like yeah the Lakers was that locked in? That's crazy. Yeah, I, I was, I was sick too because it was like, man I, I was so close to my dream and I might play for the Lakers. It was like best case scenario and they was, hey mine was made up. They didn't wanna come watch me work out or had me come in. I was like man, so you didn't think you was gonna play at all in Boston. And then I get drafted Gordon, Gordon Hayward signed with the Celtics. I called my agent like yo I gotta get traded. Yeah. Facts. I'm in summer league before I ever play a game. Like yo, he like relaxed, just waited out. Yeah man, he doing too much. Basically he is like, you gotta chill. I'm like yo, I'm trying to play I'm, I want, I don't, I didn't get drafted to come off the bench and not start.


Yeah. Yeah. He was like, yo, just like you in a great organization, they gonna teach you how to play the right way. I ain't gonna lie, I would've been worried too. Just dropped about Bryce Young. Yeah grab the headset JT because they picked up Gordon and then JB just got drafted the year before and JB didn't even play that much as year. First year didn't. So I would've been concerned too. I ain't gonna lie. So at first I'm like then we got, this is before Kai even came. Yeah. But then when Kai came it was cool 'cause we, we trade a lot of people for Kai, I ain't gonna lie Y space. Yeah Y got that was hell of a trade. Yeah. Yo you had one. Like you had I, I'll rock with you purely off the scale but I think what's so crazy about you is like you accomplished so much in a short little time that people like want to downplay it.


It is just like, it's not his fault that he came in the league killing a lot of people take adjustment periods. You was on a veteran team with a lot of people was trying to get contracts but a lot of people trying to prove themselves and still flourish. Like I had a cra I rookie year I went crazy man. Yeah. Oh that was at, at that time that was like the most fun I ever had playing basketball. Like we lost our first two games and and Gordon got hurt on opening night which was crazy. That was like tragic. Yeah unfortunately. And I remember we lost it. Cleveland played back to back. We lost in Milwaukee. I was like damn this gonna be a tough year. Yeah. But we won 16 games straight and I, that's when I was like Kyrie might be the best basketball player I've ever seen. My favorite player ever. Kyrie won the call KY basketball re Soko Benny got hurt and we had like 23 games left and I remember it was me, smart t Rowe Marcus, Morris Baines Al and we was already the two C and we had 23 games that like play like learn how to play with each other.


And then we got to the playoffs and it was like man we was just like everybody favorite team because we was all young. Nobody expected us to beat Giannis in the Bucks. Then we beat Joelle definitely played LeBron in the NCE finals. We was rolling. I ain't gonna lie. Like we was just out there like having a ball. For sure. I gotta ask man, how was it? Know what I'm saying? Senator LeBron a tweet to follow you back to Dunking on him in the playoffs. Like that's a hell of a transition. No it was definitely a full circle moment And and I remember like when we beat, we beat Philly and they had swept Toronto. That's when the tweets started going viral. I made that tweet in eighth grade like when I first got on Twitter.


Yeah we know we see the to there but it's just funny as hell. This shit was like 2012 or something like that. He was a fan. Ugh. I would never tweet. Did he take a picture with LeBron? Yeah but when I took 12 nigga was already six three LeBron how on Top Hill you on Next King? I was like nah I took that picture. You next king is crazy. So that Louise that No that's funny. That's funny. Nah I want you to speak going though for real.


I wanna, I love Bro Terry Rose game bro. T row legend. I was that playing with him man. That little stint that y'all had bro. Bro. So Teague though, like in the right before the season before training camp that's guys started coming in like two, three weeks before the younger guys I was in there like a month and we was having like open, open runs and I remember the first time I called back home and I called back I said yo Terry er is like that bro. And you know when you younger you think the guys that come off the bench or not starting, you think they just bums or or average man when I seen t Rowe in that first pickup game I was like nah like Terry really got game.


Nah he called and all and for 95% of the league you gotta be in the right spot and have an opportunity. Yep. It's only a handful of guys that can go on any team and and and be who they are and that don't mean that the other guys not that good is just those 5% of players are really that good. Good. Yeah. Facts. So you know obviously you don't never wanna see somebody get hurt but it was a blessing in disguise for Kyrie to get hurt. Yeah T Roe got the show, you know he can lead the team and be the starting point guard and you know do all those things. But I remember like it was September or whatever I called back home. I was like yo t Rowe is cold because you was killing bro. What I feel like he was y'all like leader bro.


He was y'all dog and that run was on was going crazy. JT was in the cut, you feel me? You was doing your thing. He was nigga at the front like what's happening. He tried to dunk on LeBron. That's when it got crazy. Yeah I was like that was in our last game. Yeah. I was like yeah he he ready to go. He know he done enough. I'm just trying shit now. Yeah for sure. But the movie was crazy. A scary tear because our boy act like Eric Butso didn't act like he know who he was bro. He went crazy. They got smokey That mo that snatch back dangerous clipping. Lewis was crazy. They bless So at the game I said they out of pocket. Yeah. Yeah Y'all was hard for that Rockwood. That's tough. You know what I love Boston fans. Even though when I played there it was Covid. We didn't have a fan in the stand.


That's why I wasn't hooping like that. Y'all, we ain't no fans. I'm a, I'm a performer. Like I need a crowd. They had fake crowd noise because wasn't even out was it Stan wasn't even out hoop, acapella. Nah, I ain't no hooper. Like I that's what the problem was. Yeah. I ain't no practice player bro. I need a real show bro. I was like hey you tournament. Yeah it was fake crowd noise. Niggas mamas there. Yeah I'm waving at JT mama. She's the only one in the crowd. Put my son in the game. Little deuce running on the court running Ont. I almost tripped over shit. Deuce do he do whatever he want? I he no that's smart.


Yeah I was no friends. That's fine. We really was cheering for each other like yeah what the who Boy I'm like I had my best game. We we on national TV didn't even feel like it. I tell people that was the hardest. That's gotta be like the toughest NBA season whole time. That was terrible bro. That's why I ain't no fans. You gotta do it. The nose swab every morning Terrible. Like it was, you just didn't know who was gonna play. Man it was terrible. You had to sit and wait 30 minutes before you could go in the gym. We all just up there texting like I'm like yeah this is over for me. And that's crazy that y'all say that because I hear all the players say like that was a trying time but it's like everybody else in the media be like that Lakers ring don't count 'cause it was Covid. I'm like the niggas who was playing said that was really hard to to do.


That was a tough pulled over advice over y'all's. That was tough. That was tough bro. I don't know about them. For me it was tough know crowd especially being on the road that's I wanna apologize to Boston 'cause that wasn't my best performance. There wasn't no fans there but you was ready though. I mean we don't wanna talk about your Michael Irving story but you was ready to play at they man stop bro. I wasn't garbage wasn't, I was just cleaning my nose a lot. I ain't want coach Chill. Yeah he out pocket bro. Move that. He always play too much bro. Hey for sure. That's why I'm wrestl gonna beat you up. Hey, hey you need your help bro.


You don't have to stall him out bro. What you said you going how you rank a a fake sport? Listen, see nigga you didn't come on here to do this but fuck it. We here. That was wild. Everybody just sees the clips and fuck them. Really? I don't give a fuck honestly. Excuse my hey nigga. But since you wanna break it up. I said a real karate black belt. He agreed he he a wrestling group. No I did not agree. He jumps off the ropes at the house. He's the biggest wrestling fan in the world, in the world. He jump off the ropes. Yeah they got a ring. Why you adding into this bro? See I'll be leaving stuff alone. He alright. But I'm saying a real karate black belt is somebody who just plays in WWE e like not saying the top wrestlers or nothing but like the nigga that they probably had lavo ball out there.


So it's like eight niggas built like lavo ball that wrestle would get paid for. So a motherfucking real karate earl type nigga with a black belt will beat the shit out one of them bro. I don't care. So the G league wrestl you back? I not worried about, we not worried, we not gonna disrespect. I perform crazy. I almost signed a deal with them. Stop. But the answer, the answer not four one p then they a called me too. Well bro, stop laughing at him bro. I tell you know how you laugh at this at the lunch table, a person laugh getting Knicks bro.


Hey man, shoes is crazy. What was that feeling like? You know what I'm saying? Knowing that you was going to be a signature athlete in your own shoe, man. Yeah. That's hard. Nah it was. It was dope. I mean for me, I don't, I don't take anything for granted. Like I'm still young enough where I remember the days of playing 2K with my cousin like yo, I'm gonna be on the cover one day or going to full locker like man, somebody gonna buy my shoes one day or getting a jersey for Christmas. Like man, somebody gonna get my jersey for Christmas. So it's like, it's still a wild moment. Like when we go on the road and kids on the on the sideline, the kids in the crowd holding up my shoes like it's fire. Three years in, it's my third shoe and it's still like man, like all the guys in the league, all the shoes you could have went to go buy and it's like man you went to go buy mine.


It's like that shit is still dope to me even to this day for sure. How's the design process like to be hands on with something like you said you get to see out in the world and the second side of that question is how do you feel about people playing against you in your shoes? Shoes. So that's a, so the first part it's an 18 month process. Mm. So like the threes is out, the fours is done. We working on the five. So Okay. It's like it's a long process 'cause you like you want to enjoy what you wearing now but you on meetings about when the fours is coming out and they like, all right well we need to start designing the fives. So it is, it is tough it time to kind of stay in the moment 'cause you like man I just wanna focus on what's going on right now. Yeah But shout out to everybody on the, on the team team Tatum and Jordan brand, they work very hard.


We always on calls together and it's just dope to see all the work that go behind. Yeah And all how long it took and it's like when you finally see the final product, when you get to see all the colorways and and tell stories organically and people that you know can relate to whatever you're trying to to to tell it is dope. And for me, you know seeing guys wear my shoes whether they college or the, or the women's team in college or the W NBA players. We just played Detroit like two games ago and shout out to Tim Hardaway. Tim Hardaway been wearing my shoes for like a year and a half now. Shout to Tim but always notice whenever I play Tim, you know never wear 'em. Mm.


But we always joke and laugh about it so he ain't wearing when we playing the other day then they went to Miami and he had a on. But I, I get it like man being a competitor you try and compete against somebody like you don't wanna have they sneaks on. You know I totally understand that but I shout out to all the guys in the league that, that that wear the Tatum threes or twos or whatever and I really do appreciate it. Them threes is raw bro. Yeah they fire appreciate you think you gonna have like a a Tatum team where like guys who wear like you can, I mean what Steph just do He signed D Fox, Tatum Soldiers. Yeah whatever you wanna call them. Tatum Soldiers is crazy. LeBron soldiers Tatum. I trying to be a LeBron soldier. He ain't soldier.


I was remember tried to get D Rose to start one too but yeah it didn't work out so gimme extra hundred grand. I wear them B Ross but shout to get my boy. Take your shoot man. Yeah that'd be dope if if you know we keep building the the business and we get to a point down the road. Yeah. 10 years from now when I'm one of the older guys anything happen. That's all that's far. I got asked what was that excitement be like? What was like a better feeling? I know you very grateful but being on 2K or getting your own shoe because that's too far ass accomplishments. Yeah but to be on the cover of 2K bro is crazy. Ooh that's a good question. I ain't gonna lie. I bought that 2K can't believe I bought it.


Not, not like that. I'm not saying like that. I ain't bought 2K in a long time. You agree? I usually get it delivered. Support black people Rich. I appreciate it bro. You could have sent me one bro. Supposed to be your guy. Was this your vet? Kai. Kai sent me shoes bro. That's crazy. I got some jt I ain't never get no JT was. I'm gonna keep it up. You got some twos? I got some twos. I got some twos. They never grateful. Yeah did you send them some threes? Did I say the three? They on the way. Oh okay. They on two that I saw. I'm a Jordan. You okay? I got the Jordan athlete now threes on the way where do use your platform kid So you gotta start bullying people.


I think the moment when I found out I was on 2K was more special just 'cause it was my birthday and it was on the Netflix thing I did was starting five Deuce. He surprised me and at that moment like I kind of got emotional like I, I teared up a little bit just 'cause it was like man it's my son sharing this moment with me. Hell yeah. And it's just something I always dreamed of was like being on the cover of 2K is like legendary and and J own shoe is as well but yeah man 2K 25 is like Right. Everybody play 2K. Oh god they do. Yeah for sure. I just wish they wouldn't have did Joe game like they did it like when you was on the cover 'cause nigga can't make a shot for shit.


I ain't shot you over there. Nah I'm raw now though. Get twist. I'm talking about you talking about his game on the nah, nah, nah he raw 2K. Oh okay. They made him, he throwing shots. He, I wasn't, I thought I'm talking about the the game play like when you create a player you go on a wreck and stuff like can't nobody make a shot but me, my nephew sells me, my best friends sell me like I gotta cure everybody. My back is getting heavy. People complain about the game play. I try to text JT and tell him tell Ronnie to get this fixed. He didn't respond but anyway that's for you. Ain't never texted I ain't text. Okay. Okay. You right my fault. They was nervous today. I ain't lie. They was nervous today.


He was nervous. He your platform to shave your 2K squads outta pocket. Yeah they we gotta get better bro. He was nervous. He was nervous. Michael was nervous. He thought you wasn't gonna come. I said just got here. I like just ate. He ain't back because you like what's time? I'm like he ain't took me back yet. Being snitch crazy. Where are we doing? I put the ER on it. I put the ER on it funny. Mike's freaky Mike. We ain't, we gonna tell you his backstory Win. Yeah TI ain't never, I always come through bro. Nah you do bro. You always been solid. That's One thing I wanted to say like when you, when it comes to fans and stuff like you D Rose and a couple teammates that I had, y'all always been great with fans.


I was never good with fans. Like I ignored Kit in a heartbeat. You was good bro. No I'm not saying like that. Like they'd be like TTI hear him and I just go back there. I get to man you don't ignore anybody like and that's what make you you. Yeah like you a star reason got a shoe. That's why you can be sold on a 2K cover 'cause you treat everybody with respect. I wasn't disrespecting, I just didn't feel like signing that day. That boy love clean it Devil honey but nah pause that's crazy But listen, nah he great at that though. And I used to see that when we was in Boston and like even like when you had little Mikey in here man to sign his jersey and see how excited he was about that. I'm like man he really got it. You know what I mean? You got that bro.


When did you start that though? Like when did you like become like damn my mom low key famous. Was it high school? Was it when you walked on campus at Duke? Like when did you start embracing that moment? I mean it's a progression. Like when I was in high school I got to a certain point that's when social media took off. I would come out the locker room. I was signing three, 400 autographs at the of the game In high school? Yeah. Oh they on eBay right now waiting to cash in and that support is crazy. You and sexy Red boy St. Louis getting behind. Y'all shout Tomos emo pocket. No disrespect. Disrespect. I know you can't say China min no more but the Chinese food out there fire soon.


Shout to the fried rice. Tap Crazy Red went to Sha all boys she was there. We outta pocket. Yeah hold on. Hey wouldn't that be was arguing about Nelly and somebody bro, he was really hot at me. I say was better than Nelly bro. He was really bad Tee bro. T the type of guy he would just say he'd come into the locker room and just say some wild shit just to like get a reaction outta you.


Yeah, say yo. He used to say like and I love James Hart and he used to be like James Hart better don't that don't do that. No, no. Now we here. Oh yeah go. I told, I used said no, he know Kobe's my favorite player. He just say anybody's better than Kobe. See you can't do that. I done got in trouble about this. Don't do. So he used to just trigger you. Who was, you say he was better than Nel? I can't bro. I just said somebody Wow. He was hot. He was like what? That's the first time I ever got him rattled. I'm like is that all who you used listen to though growing up bro? Was you warming up to He was crazy. Yo. Who the, oh man, he try to go Indiana.


Go ahead, ahead. Go ahead. Michael Jackson, Michael Jackson, IY got Michael Jackson. Who the best rapper from Indiana? Shout out Freddy. Freddie Gibbs? Yeah I guess Go chill. Nah, I ain't disrespect. I'm just saying he not from Mar City so yeah he from, he from Gary. Yeah, we we be called M Shay. Gary argenx the best rapper from Indiana. Oh okay. Alright Y'all, y'all got sexy Nelly Mester, Shaster Chin Bruster. What's up nigga? Y'all, y'all all used to listen to Chin? What's the nigga This's? Nah, I ain't, I ain't, yeah Jay, Jake Martin there.


Yeah he getting paid right now from that country dude using his song. Ah, yep. Boozer or something like that. Yeah. So y'all had, y'all had some shit bro. Y'all have some more critiques. I wear it for his 'cause of Nelly, so yeah, that's that's a big staple. I was just, nah, I think I thought Nelly was raw back in the day. This, there's people better than, they got better music than Nelly. So it's a handful. He get tired about that. It's crazy. No, it's a handful of people. JT stop. We ain't do that. I mean he did go, I said it's a handful of people. He did go Diamond JT favorite rapper is Jay-Z though. Yeah, that's how JayZ Yeah, that's how me and him got cool. I'm like dang you listen to Jay-Z bro. You like yeah. Yo crazy thing about T he came to the team and this was during the Covid season.


So the season started late like November. Yeah, December. Our first game was on Christmas. Yeah. He didn't talk for the first like three weeks. Chill. Like he ain't say nothing. Gotta test people out, bro. Dark times bro. And then one day this nigga did not shut up like he ain't talked for like three weeks. I was like, man, something wrong with it buddy. Like he different. Yeah. And then after that he, he just, from the day he got traded to the day he got traded, he talked every day.


Wow. TAT Sports on True TV is here and it's bringing you action for some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B-U, US Soccer and More. There's also a newsletter of original shows of like the steam rule with EJ and Chuck and above the fold with Jemele Hill. TNT Sports is taking over prime time, making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starting at 6:00 PM Eastern on True TV


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in depth coverage and analysis you need. All reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our Decision 2024 team will provide insight as results come in And the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election tomorrow beginning at six. PM Eastern on M SNBC.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacart. It's like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel. With my travel schedule, I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just Sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app. Sign up. Start earning 5% cashback today. Don't just pay PayPal terms And limits apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal. Cashback earned as points redeemable for cash. And other options on up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Coming soon to Prime Video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross, based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I connected to. This comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for foot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. So lot of sickos out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Als Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to dress his gut. Get inside his head. We clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series. Only On Prime. Video. November 14th,


man. That's how it became. Cool. Don't do that. Do you remember that moment? I do. I remember 'cause I was like, man they think I'm weird. Hell don't know. I really, I didn't think he was weird. I I like, I really, I'm really roasting y'all in my head, but I really being cool. You what I mean. I just said it to Yeah I, I was like man, I said something to him and we started shooting together and I was beating him and shooting every time. Mm. Yeah. Can we get on that story? 'cause Evan Turner said he whooped your ass one day in practice. It's a one V one. I mean that's probably the reason. Like I don't address lot of things. People say a lot of things on the internet and on TV about me. And it's cool. Everybody got a job. Yeah. But I like y'all platform. His podcast. Yeah. And I feel like I had to come up here and address something. I had et we in a group message. Right.


And sometimes you just can't let people get away with lying. Who lying? He wouldn't get on the camera and just start lying, call et out there the allegations. So I thought he wasn't talk about me. He said he used to do e dog walking. This was et first year coaching. Yeah, he still wanted to hoop. So t wasn't, I ain't gonna say he wasn't playing but like I was starting at first. No I was six man. Yeah, he was coming off the bench. He was, he was coming off the bench. See, see he came in as Jet. Don't do that. But TI don't do that. T like he got this demeanor like he don't, he just real nonchalant like everything.


He just like, no that's facts bro. He'd be in practice. Shoes was kind of like barely tied. But after practice he would want to play one-on-One he would want, we, we would always shoot at the practice. Right. And me, him and ET would play one-on-one. Damn it. Like every day. Yeah. And he would win some spots like if we played five spots. Yeah, he's 16. I'm five nine. Yeah. I mean he was him up. He was That's crazy. Crazy. That's he was score on et damn. I was score on YouTube bro. And some of those, that shit lying bro. Y'all et do tell the truth bro.


ET used to lock him up sometimes. See that's what we, that's what he was trying to get 10 to come back bro. Niggas, people get real bro. I was like, hey bro, get days Et looked like he was trying to come back and hoop man. I was like bro, bro get Kobe man. You might have to suit up bro. Bro, we was playing, when King go to court that day at home. I tween crossed et I go to lay the ball up. No I nigga grab me out the air. He's playing hard bro. Brad Stevens walking the baseline like for a split second. Et lost his mind like yeah he almost got fired.


Yeah. Like he grabbed me out the air. Not like the foul me just like the, so I wouldn't get a layup. Yeah. And and Brad, Brad non-confrontational. All Brad just looked at him like the hell are you doing, whatcha doing? That's when I knew it was time for me to stop playing. He said he trip on me and some shit ain't got much room around here. He, he like the thing I, I couldn't believe it. Like you know most of the star players, they'll get they shots up then they gonna go about their business. Yeah. He'll be looking for you like Uhuh we ain't playing today. I'm like and he different. He ain't, we in the gym for another two hours bro. We would play one-on-one every day.


And I'm like yo, he different. Like he wanna be in here for another two hours. I really don't even wanna be in here but I'm gonna play against Steve. That's because I like Tee wouldn't, he didn't really wanna be at practice. So I'm like bro, I'm a coach bro. Don't say that. Tell your truth. The kids say that because that that motherfucker third good washer in the gym not not been submitted in practice. Motherfucker running all day with Coach T. But I'll say he like to like a lot of people don't necessarily wanna go through the practice schedule but if they wanna compete, if you wanna go through workout or shooting drills or play one on after practice, like everybody wanna compete so.


Right. That's what that was our thing after practice we would always play one-on-one me, him and and ET after practice. Yep. Do you give him a little credit though? Him and ET for sharpening your skills? A little bit. Just a little bit. I'm trying to get him, when you show him a little love bro did did ET teach you a a motherfucker drill nigga that you use in the game, get you a drill crack bro. The funny thing about ET he would tell like et me ET was assistant coaches at this point for sure. ET was like what am I gonna teach Jason Taylor what I'm gonna teach him? He better than me. I'm like good point. ET et We talked about that too though. ET was the wildest funniest coach I ever had done and not even trying to be funny.


We was playing in Milwaukee and I think at the, at half I had to be like three for 10. I missed like four or five threes. So I missed my last three. We walking off and he just, so it's like he got an innocence about it. He run up to me, he like yo, you know you can make some of 'em. Right. That's easy. That's damn like I know what he trying to say but how he convey the messages. Right, right. It's so crazy because it's like how do I even respond to this in the moment You just, you know you laugh bro. Like yeah I'm trying to bro, I'm trying me. Oh that was a good time bro. Me et still sideline just talked the whole game.


He like, look at JT man, he want the ball man look, he pissed. I'll be on the left. I'm like ball like a drunk ball ball. Get a ball. That was a fun year. I give t credit though. I wanted a D row with autograph jersey and I ain't know that they was cool. I ain't know that they like knew each other from way back and t made sure I got a autograph. Detroit, Princeton, D Row jersey. Yeah. I was like man, go up to em bro. I went up to him and he looking like he want Mark. I'm like yeah.


I was like I need one too. Somebody god damn was like nervous to go up to and as D Rose I was like that's what made me like kind of get like drawn to you Paul. But it's like you was so cool. Like I'm like man he a star right? Like he a superstar but he'll be like, I remember you bro. Like and he'd show you love like he ain't gimme no love right now. It's cool. But he'd be like, nah you nah. He remember you when Atlanta, I'm like you nigga as you know what I'm saying? Yeah, right on bro. You know what I'm saying? And et et like that too. Et give you a lot of love. And I was like dang. So when I seen him start working together, E was like man that's he like a little bro bro. But he cold only person he would ever say something else to get under his skin would be Luca.


Bro. Anytime we mention Luca, even though it probably, it definitely ain't no beef with him or nothing. It's just competitive spirit. But ET would be like, yeah Luca cold. I'd be like Ooh JT about to get 40 tonight. He about to go crazy. I was like, say it Againt like before the game we about play somebody like talk about Luca et t would be like, that's funny. My favorite player is Luca. ET would be like J JT would be like why? I'll be like shit cold. I it's cold though. I knew he was gonna get at least a 32 point performance. We on the bench, we just wanna see somebody kill. Ah see some motherfuckers knew how to trigger him though. Yeah I do it now. Get him going. I, I text him now.


I couldn't say nothing in the first game this year. You went crazy. I ain't wanna get no love though. I was just like I'm gonna get, I ain't that nigga a thumbs up. Yeah I was like who path of aggressions. But he was killing bro. He was killing this year. Been good so far for sure. Listen man, we definitely wanna talk about the ring YI had last year to get the ring. But I want to ask, you know what I'm saying, planning gets the worst in 22 coming up a little bit short, but how was that experience, you know what I'm saying? Motivated you to be ready to get that chip last year. I mean's certain things that you go through in real time that you don't understand like how this is going to prepare you for the future. 'cause losing the 22 is like devastating. Like we was 11th C we end up getting to the two C. We beat Katy and Kyrie, we beat Gianni the Defend champs, we go to Miami and win in game seven.


Like that was one of the toughest runs I can remember in recent years. And then the fall up short, it was like man we just did all of that for nothing. It was devastating. And then the next year we kind of like, we like overlooked teams a little bit. We just wanted to get back to the finals. We ended up going six with Atlanta in the first round. Like we didn't handle business the way we should have and put ourself in a, in a, in a hole. We was now oh three and you damn near gotta be perfect to win four games in a row. Facts definitely. And you know I, I sprained my ankle the first play of the game and you know the margin for error is just that much shorter when you down oh three. Yeah. So I think last year was the perfect balance of like obviously we got kp, we got Drew and I think our team was just in the perfect space of like everybody got paid, everybody had individual success and awards.


The only thing we haven't done besides Drew was win a championship and I give a lot of credit to our coaching staff and Joe. Yeah. Just the way we prepared like in our mindset we knew how to play and we really, we just got better every single day. We approached how we was gonna play the Bucks the same way we was gonna play the Wizards. Like we didn't look past nobody and we, we lost 18 games last year and we went 16 to three in the playoffs. Like I know we still playing and nobody wanna give us our credit but like the shit we did last year was special. Nah, that shit was special. Y'all gave no motherfucking credit. I don't know. Sure. You different. Yeah that's that. Anybody else is just blatantly hating as a Patriot fan. Yeah. Please tell me that we was the hardest team. You know what I'm saying?


Last shot in the postseason. That nigga do got a a Celtics degree outfit over there don't he? Nah, this ain Lucky can never No, I mean I said it, I'm on record for saying it like yes sir. This the, the Rs that was the hardest series that we had last year. Just like how fast they play. They were subbing three people at a time. TJ McConnell was unreal at home. Like yeah TJ Nash was doing OB topping, like the role players that they got, they just also selfless. They don't move, they they don't stop moving. Everybody play without the ball.


Yeah. And they just like, they, the way they, they play they trying to, they they like bait you into playing how they play and like that works for them. And you know our thing is like we wanna get stops in defense and you look up the score might be 135. Like that's the game that they want play actually playing that up and down and when they get you playing that way like they can beat anybody. Yeah. And you know we came back in overtime the first game game three we was down 19 and game four shit we went down to the wire like we swept them but like every game we was dead tired. Nah, it was, they were all good games though for the most part. Like exciting games to be I should say I give any a lot of credit like we was dog tired after every game after that.


Listen we don't get nice things off. So that compliments me a lot to me because I suppose this nigga still there be like he talking like that the way we start off this season, I don't know if I could be happy this year or not man. A thank for them kind words. That's all I need right now. Nah, when Drew first got traded from Milwaukee, what'd I tell you we was gonna win? Nah, I told you go get Drew. Remember he got sent to court. Oh we got traded from Milwaukee. Yeah. I said go get Drew, y'all gonna win. He said I'm already on it. Said no you wasn't man. He said I'm on it and then I seen it happen. I said damn he was on it. He was play. Damn he really got pulled over the, it was in the time of contact. No tampering. Yeah man, I'm just saying though, him joining the team though.


How was that bro? Did you think like when Drew got there? Yeah of course y'all got aspirations of winning but he was like nah this is gonna help us. No, I mean wow bro. Absolutely. I I Drew was on the team with me at 2021 when we was in the Olympics fresh off. He just won the championship with the bucks. Yeah. Came with us and, and we won the gold medal together and I just, I understood at that time that Drew was like a Swiss army knife. He could yeah guard the one through the five. He could be on ball, he could play off the ball. You put him in a dunker, he could set screens, he could score on any matchup and he not like, you know he, he a team player like he going when the big games he gonna do what he's supposed to do and not that he gonna fall back but he just know how to, how to play with you know superstars and he like the the ultimate teammate.


So when we got Drew is definitely like our confidence roles are like man we just felt that much better about yeah. What we was about to do. Yeah, yeah. As a patriot of the fan I'm hating 'cause y'all cheating. You're not supposed to have Derrick White Andrew and then switching to you and jb That's not fair man. Life ain't fair man. Okay. Nah. Derrick White got cold when he cut the hair. When he cut the hair he had to pay for that though. I mean they, they salary cap and tax bill is probably nuts. I can't imagine. I know he's selling a team for a reason. Ain't trying to, this shit's too much. Yeah I ain't dealing with this passing we winning but boy this tax bill is crazy. It is worth it though bro. Yeah, I mean championships is for sure worth it but y'all to a great story so far.


For sure man. I wanted to ask, you know what I'm saying, having the crazy summary, you know what I'm saying? Getting the ring in the gold medal, how you come back motivated. Obviously you are a professional, you come to Hoop but like having such accomplishments in a short amount of time, what keeps you motivated locked in to come into this season? I think for me One thing is like man I'm only 26. Yeah. I think a lot of people, not some fans or people in the media might view like oh he been in a championship, he been in conference final. Like they might think I'm older than what I am. Like boy you look 30, you gotta kicked early though. You gotta kick out Earl. You gotta kind understand where come from. And that's why I said I never understood that. Hey I'm like why is it his fault because he was successful early. Like you came in the league once Instagram like don't age him for it.


How you get mad at him for it, he was still killing. Nah, I mean there's some truth to that. Like the expectation for me was just way higher. 'cause I went to the NCE finals at 20. Yeah, yeah. So for me being 26, it's like man I got a lot of basketball left a lot. And that feeling of winning the championship and having that parade, it was like man I wanna do this shit again and again and again And you know, my favorite players, like the guys I looked up to, they didn't just win one championship, like didn't to the league of like, or make one all-star game. You know they had so many they'd be your own guys, bro. That's what JT was on the real one. He didn't, he didn't say nothing about an Allstar game bro.


He didn't say he shout, he didn't say he St Louis, he be your own guys real bro. You made the Allstar game. Like that's not a lot of people can say that. Nah, I was just talking. You got one of them. It's like you I'm I was gonna I'm back man. Oh man. But I'm sorry please. You me What you ask him again? Nah, I think just like the, the motivation came from like man, I, yeah, okay. I understand the space that I'm in and trying to maximize this window of like I want to be one of the best players to ever play and for sure I understand the window that I have right now and God willing I stay healthy that, you know, I I feel like I I put in the time and effort to take care of my body to you know, eat the right things and, and work on my game to be one of the best that you know, it's not just, I don't, I wanna be one of the best players to, to ever play.


And, and not to say that it's about rankings but I want to accomplish everything that's in front of me. That's hard. I know we about to, you know, get outta here. I want to ask you like he speak high on Al Horford dust, his god for real? Yeah. In fact how you feel about him man seeing, watching him win the championship with you bro I know that was big. No al that's like easily one of my favorite if not my favorite teammate I ever had. Yeah. From a professional standpoint, like when I got drafted in 19, seeing how Al approached every practice day, every game day, every off day is a testament to like his career. It's year 18 and like it was year 17 last year and we relied heavily on Al to help us win a championship.


Like it's not a lot of people in year 17 that's starting on the team that's going to the finals and that game three against Indiana. He had like eight three. Yeah he was Kyle Corver. Yeah, I, yeah I remember. And it's like we needed him to win that game. Yeah. So Al took me under his wing, you know, since my first day and you know, somebody that's like always been there for me, somebody that I've learned a lot from, from the standpoint of like having a routine. I got my routine from watching Al have a, a routine that's that's why he's been in the league for so long and, and been so successful. So Al is one of the best people you will ever meet. One of the best players that's hall of Fame career and to help him get over that top get over the the top and and win a championship was like that was special.


Nah. Okay. Nah, I was so happy for Al bro. 'cause al one of the coolest dudes ever bro. He just do his job, he'll help you with anything, give you any advice. He want the best for everybody. So I knew when y'all got him back when Brad went back and got him, I was like man y'all gonna have a special run and he ain't stopping no time soon. Oh it is still going. Nah, keep getting there. Check my boy. Keep moving. Facts. Facts. So before we get outta here, obviously we know you play to win championships, but do you have any personal goals you can share with us this season? Man man I wanna win another championship bro. Okay. Obviously like you wanna win MVP, you want to first team all NBA again in in in those things and win MVP or wanting to have that as a goal.


That's not a negative thing. Nah, hell not at all. That's what I was just saying. Yeah we, if you, you aspiring to do that, you playing at a high level, you playing efficient, you dominating your team is one of the best and even if you don't win right, it's only one person that can win but it, it is five people every year that's playing at a MVP level for sure. So just trying to, you know, continue to dominate, being more efficient and understanding that this window we have like trying to get better every day and you know, winning a championship and getting our ring the other night was one of the coolest moments and it was like man I wanna do that shit again and again. Again. Yeah, fuck for sure man listen man we know you gotta get out here man. We appreciate you sliding on this man means locking before you leave no talk shit because he's on Netflix starting five baby.


And I caught my wife watching starting five and she was like dang Jason's a real serious dude. I said don't believe that. Oh that's that that's not, he's funny like he jokes, he's like nah he's just so like mature. I didn't know he was only 26. I'm like, you think you calling me immature? He calling me. Nah, I'm saying he's calling wwe. Nah, I ain't saying he fake but I'm just saying like you always, that's why people think you older, you carry yourself super like mature and put together like no shot the ae but your clips against AE clips is totally different. Like ae like I'm going crazy and then you come to yours it's like well seasoned like yeah come here son.


But nah, he always carried his himself like super mature. I'm like, nah that's dope bro. Fucked dope. Nah, that it is dope to watch y'all show man being on there for sure they announced new season but definitely check out the star five you have. How was that process of filming that man? Like, you know what I'm saying? Obviously you always been a cons of professional but to let people in like your personal life, that type of, you know, the camera's always rolling. How was that experience? It got better or you got used to it as the season went on. Okay. Right. I they did a good job of like blending in with all the other cameras. That's always following you having people at your house and in your personal space and you know, with family time it's different. Mm. And right, I'm on camera.


I'm more of a, of a reserved guy like t said like yeah, yeah I, that's I am that person that they saw on Netflix but you know, I'm more open off the camera and things like that. But it, it was cool and it was cool to be a part of the first season that they documented like man they saw when I got covered 2K they saw when I won the championship sir. So to be able to look back years from now have those moments and my mom was on there, my son some of my best friends and just being on the first season like that, that was dope And you know, I was glad I I was a part of it and I think the far part about it is you got to see all of the media excerpts. A lot of people like speak it down like you said the high expectations, how they spoke about you all year and for you to win, especially the way they documented it.


Super fire. 'cause it made a lot of people just deal with the results of it and I mean that's like, they never gonna stop talking about you. Nah, fuck that's real. So what I realized in that moment when we won is like I thought I was gonna go on a rant and like go back at everybody that ever has something to say about me and it's like, are you about to crash out? You think you are like, you like man when we win, like I'm, I got receipts and it's like man, that's not what this is about. Like nah, when I win I'm holding up the trophy. My mom, my grandma crying, my son, I got my homies, I got 18,000 people in the stands. It's like yeah, yeah it is about the people that supported you and and rocking with you through the ups and downs. It's like regardless of we win or not, like they still probably talk about me on first take tomorrow, so Exactly.


That's never gonna go away. So I don't ever trip off no UMVP this year though bro. I'm gonna give it to you. It only been four days bro. But you see how, you see how he like, yeah I all that came to his mind when he grabbed the trophy. Yeah, I'm crashing out trophy say something now. Well that's me. That's why he, he, that's why he's me. What you gonna say Stephen? A we coming for you? I was crashing out bro. Hey, shout you for him on the FaceTime when you got Chip. That was, that was hard bro. I was hyped for him but he did the same thing. we want to, nah, I called, I called man group project. You know when he s see I my fault.


That's what I'm saying. My fault. Damn. Like Netflix though. Y'all ain't get to see like that's he do this all day bro. He joke all day. That's why I get the joking from him. I I started joking on them. I ain't joking with no other team. I'm lying. I joke on every team but what's up man? We gotta get out here jt we appreciate you man. Telling people they can drop the new, the shoes man. The new colorway dropping. We got a new colorway drop in. What's this? October I think the second week of November. Okay so make sure that's the one that my team get. Okay. Pike we here. So We don. Yeah, we are guys maybe we not before we got here. Be here telling people that grab some birch. We finally got the shit Shop Club 20 do com Wrong with we locked in we The Volume.


TAT Sports on True TV is here. It's bringing you action for some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There's also a new set of original shows of podcasts like the Steam Rub with EJ and Chuck and above the fold with Jemele Hill, TNT Sports is taking over prime time making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starting at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv.


Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


What's popping Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com,


Get in zone. AutoZone, welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? Getting ready, For more rain and longer nights. We've got you right now. You can earn up to $25 in bonus rewards when you buy two Sylvania Silver Star Ultra bulbs and two Rain X Quantum Elite wiper blades. More rewards and better visibility at America's number one lighting destination. AutoZone Get in zone AutoZone Offer valid. For AutoZone Rewards members restrictions apply.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974, George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story Behind The Rumble in the Jungle is like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam mc Kiba, all the biggest Slack artists on the Planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.