
You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to different places for listings, pre-approval and financing. But Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. Rocket dot com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. Everything you need, all under one roof, every home at one address. Rocket dot com, The new home for all things home ownership. Rocket on the Dream.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report,


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh Florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the Target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


There's always a debate. Who is the closest thing to Michael Since Michael, you hear Chris Brown. I would go with Chris Brown. Really? Usher's also a great entertainer. But I gotta go with Chris on being as close, close to Michael as anybody could ever get. All my life been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustles, played the price, won the slice, got the brother d the swat. All my life. I grinding all my life, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, slice my life. Life.


Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the proprie of Club Shesha. Today we are Helico underground at Resorts World Las Vegas. Stopping by for conversation on a drink today, he was once known as the bad boy of r and b. He has left an unforgettable mark on our culture. From the running man to the Gumby style high top fade. He's a true legend. A billboard chart topping hit maker or Grammy award-winning singer. A multiple platinum songwriter, renowned rapper, trendsetter, New York Times bestselling author, a multi-talented entertainer, actor, performer, musician, and a businessman. An RB pioneer, an icon, a heavyweight, a true titan. One of the most influential, well loved and compelling artist of all time.


A music phenomenon. A megastar, the king of the stage. Here he is. It is my prerogative, Mr. Bobby Brown. Hey. Hey. How you doing, boo? I'm doing bro, it's a pleasure. Appreciate you. You, thank you for stopping. Bye man. It's a pleasure. Thanks for having me, Rob, ed, a true, true honor to have you on club Shay Shea, thank you so much you for stopping by. And for today's toast, we did something a little special. We have what we call a brown shea Martini. Martini. It is my cognac, shea ba la portier. And Bobby's coffee bean. Correct? Coffee beans? Yes. Coffee. I'm gonna try this out. I mean, yeah. You know who I needed here. I needed my, my makeup artist, Brit. This is her favorite drink. My Not even bad.


That's not bad at all. I mean, that's my first time having coffee and I have having in cognac, so I'm gonna be a wide awake drunk tonight. So thank you, bro. Thanks for, so lemme ask you a question. So where can people that are watching this, where can they get this from? You have a a.com. It's in so, so Bobby Brown foods.com Okay. We sell from seasonings to fried chicken mixes to coffee. It's just a, it's just something me and my wife decided to do. Okay. Because all my friends used to love to come over my house and Okay. And, and test my food.


Okay. And they loved it. So, You know, we decided to make, You know, seasonings and different things like that. So, since you obviously music, and we're gonna touch on that, but you decided get into the food industry. Yes. What have you learned most about the food industry? I've learned it's rough. It's, it's, it, it takes time. It, it takes time to get into all of the big stores, but You know, when you have a good product, like we have all natural, gluten free, less sodium than, than many of the seasonings that are out there. So we are, we are a very health conscious line.


And I think that's what s makes us stand out from all of the rest. So how long have you, how long have you been in the food industry? I've been in the food industry almost five, six years, around six years now. Master P is always preaching about our products. It's good business model. Why do you think this is, why do you think, why do you think the food industry is such a good, good business model to embark upon? Food is always needed. Yeah. True food is always needed by the masses. And especially when it's good. When it's good and it's healthy for you. I, I I see nowhere to go wrong. I heard you got a barbecue sauce and that is very good. Yes. Any new flavors?


We're working on some new flavors. Okay. I'm working on a, a a a a, a teriyaki okay. Sauce. That is amazing for kids. Right. Because my, my barbecue sauce is a little spicy. It's spicy. And kids, You know, some kids can't take it. You're right. You know, my kids can take it, but some kids can't take it. I heard you're a pretty good chef. Oh yeah. What, what, what's, what's Bobby Brown's signature dish? My, so got the guys we coming over, all of us coming out, You know, you never met any of us and we coming over, what's Bobby gonna prepare? I do a shrimp olive. Bobby, I can't eat. I'm allergic to shellfish. You can't eat. And I give you that information beforehand. Crab, lobster, shrimp, scallops, oysters.


You can't do it. Can't do it. I make a mean fried chicken. Okay. I make a mean spaghetti. Okay. Lasagna. Okay. There's a bunch of things I can cook other than seafood and fried chicken. So what is Bobby's best dish? If somebody says, okay, Bobby, so you going on one of these shows, one of these cooking shows, and you gotta make your, they gonna say, Hey, everybody gets to make their signature dish of what they feel they're most comfortable at. What's Bobby Brown's dish? I'm cooking my fried chicken. I'm definitely cooking my fried chicken. My fried chicken is off the chain. Popeye's ain't got nothing on it. Ain't got nothing on you. KC ain't got nothing on it. Nah, I got, I got the remedy.


Do you cook every day or do you cook for special occasions? I cook most, most, most of the days at home because I feed my kids. Okay. You know, I have a nine and 8-year-old and a, a a 15-year-old. Okay. And my wife. So I gotta, I gotta be in that kitchen. So how long have you, I mean, did were, were you cooking as a little kid? Were you watching your mom, you watching your grandparents, your aunts? So how did Bobby get into cooking? Cooking came about because I used to be on punishment all the time. I mean, all the time. So my mother, I don't think, I don't think many people gonna be surprised by that. Wow. All the time. But my mother used to make me sit in the, in the kitchen with her while she cooked.


Okay. While she prepared dinner for all seven of us. Okay. And I used to just, You know, just watch, watch and, You know, help her out with the recipes. And I just developed a passion for it because, You know, after having children at an early age, you gotta feed them. Correct. You know, and that's the one thing that I I I, I, I I, I appreciated about, You know, having children is that, You know, the, when you nurture 'em, you have to nurture 'em all the way around. Right. You know, mentally, physically, You know. And food has just been something that, that I, I, I just love to do.


I, I love to get in that kitchen and, and whip up things. And my kids appreciate it. They love being in there with me, helping me out. Great. So, You know, it's just something that, You know, I love to do. You know, like when your mom, your grandma cooked? My mom, my, I mean, my grandma, my aunts cook, they didn't have, they didn't have recipes. It was just all in their hair. All of all of, is that how you cook? That's how I cook. Okay. I, I don't, You know, measure. I ain't got measurements. I ain't got no measurements. Okay. It's just, You know, I know how to season, You know, I know how much seasoning to put on, on food, You know, and, You know, it's all, it's all about the eye, You know.


So when you're cooking, you are in the kitchen, what you listening to? Or do you even listen to music while you cooking? I really don't listen to music at, at all. At home. Not at home. At home, at home. My kids are into piano. Okay. You know, all three of 'em, they play piano. My son's a he's big time with, You know, plays and just different things like that, musicals. So I watch them and I, I just pay attention to what they're doing. Right. And I don't try to put, push my music on 'em too much. Okay. Because I'll be in there listening to Stevie and, You know Right.


Otis Redding. And, You know, people like that. Do your kids know who you are? Not take that aside. Do they? Do they know Bobby Brown? I know they know Dad, but do they know Bobby? They know Bobby. Okay. They definitely know Bobby. Okay. Okay. Yeah. They've watched, they've, I I, I allow them to see the, the programs that, that are meaningful. Okay. That, that have some substance to it. They come out to the concerts, You know, so they, they get a good taste of, of what their father's all about. Do you think your kid's gonna follow in your footsteps? Or do you want them to follow in your footsteps?


Well, my little girl, she's nine years old. Okay. She has a voice like an angel. Wow. And I just, I am so impressed by every time she opens her mouth, I just start crying. My son, he's so super talented. I, I believe he's gonna win an Oscar one day. Wow. So, You know, as far as following in my footprints, yeah. You know, I have no problem with it. Their mother's a manager, You know, so she can take care of the business and, and, You know, I'm there to lend my hand with getting them to the right places. What is something that your fans don't know about Bobby? What's one thing they would be like, Hey man, he, he does that, or he did this, or he likes that?


I'm quiet. Really? I'm, I'm very quiet. Okay. I'm very reserved. When, when, when it's time to talk, I'll talk. But, You know, for the most part, I'm, I'm gonna sit back and watch and observe, You know, and see what the hell is going on. First lemme ask you a question. Of all the songs that you've recorded, what do you think? My prerogative, Mr. Telephone Man, candy Girl. Eb Little Step. Cool. It Now, Ronnie don't be, what's what's Bobby's favorite song? You, you prerogative. Prerogative. Because, because I wrote it for, for myself. Okay. I wrote it, You know, as an anthem and as a theme to my lifestyle and, and what I was all about.


And that's, that's basically the reason I, I, I think I'm still here 40, 42 years later is, You know, that I took, I took what I, what I felt about myself and I put it on wax. Wow. What do you remember most when you're writing a song? So, lemme ask you a question. So you said, my prerogative is, is an anthem for Bobby Brown, because I'm gonna do things my way. I'm gonna do things on my term. And if you don't like it, oh well go to hell. But this is what I, so when you are writing a song, when you go into the, I don't know whether you at your, your bed, you're in the kitchen table. When you go into write a song, do you have a general idea of kind of the direction that you want to go in? For the most part, we choose the music first.


Okay. And once I get a groove in my head, and once I get, once I get a melody going, there's no stopping it. It just starts pouring out. Because I think Teddy Riley is produced that, right? Yes. Teddy Riley. Okay. So you like Teddy. I got this, I got this idea. It's an anthem. It's an old to me because y'all, You know, they say I'm bad. They say I'm this and that. Well, I'm gonna show 'em why I'm this way. So what is, what is, what is Teddy role in my prerogative Teddy's role in my prerogative was bringing that slamming ass track. That track was so, so beefy and so, so, so in your face that only something like my prerogative could be said on that.


Correct. You know, Teddy's a great, great producer, a great, great, great friend. And I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm really proud that we still have a friendship and we still have more music to do. Okay. We're not finished yet in the studio. What do you think your favorite moment is when you've been in the studio? When I've been been in the studio, my favorite moments are listening back to the finished product. Okay. When you, when you fi, when you finish a song and the song is complete completed, and you have no more work to do on it, it's listening down and making sure everything is tight.


Did You know my prerogative was gonna do what it did? I hoped Okay. I hoped, but the track was so, so in your face. And it was undeniable as a, as a record, we really, we really hoped that, that that track was gonna make this album The Don't Be Crew album. The most popular album of that. And did, and it did. Because when you hear my prerogative, that means I, I'm gonna do whatever my prerogative is. I'm gonna do it without the way I wanna do it right now. You do what you wanna do. I don't care. And if you got a problem with it, this is my prerogative. Because you can, and he says, I think at the end you said, I made this track.


You didn't, I made this money. You didn't. Right. So you was doing what you wanted to do. Right. If I wanted to go buy three cars, I'm gonna buy three cars. If I wanted buy four houses, I'm gonna buy four houses. That's my prerogative. And then people, everybody started saying it. Yeah. Is that what you'd hoped? I hoped for it just recently at the Super Bowl. Right. The, the Eagles Right. Coach said that they listened to my prerogative before they went out. Right. And that just, that just took me back because it was, it was about, it's about the underdog. Right. You know, and overcoming what, or any adversities that there is, You know, any challenges, you just give your all, You know, you give your all and you, you, you basically just, just take what, what is yours?


Right. Is there a song that you made that you like? I mean, I like it and it is like, it blew up probably every little step. Really. Every little step. Or don't be cruel. I did not like the songs. I didn't want to record the songs. But LA and Babyface were like, dude, these records are gonna be smash hits. And I was just like, You know what? Well, let's do 'em. But I don't know if You know Right. They're gonna be singles. I just want you to know. If they don't hit, I'm gonna tell everybody y'all wanted to make this. I ain't want no part of this. So you, you like, I I don't know la but they hit makers.


They're hit makers. Do you have to do, do you always have to trust those guys Have to trust? Or do, sometimes you go with your instincts, like, nah, I trusted my producers. Okay. Because, You know, they, they, they have, they have what I, I call this the ear. They have the ear to hear what I can't hear. Okay. And that's why I trust them. And I love working with all of them. You know, it's a lonely road, You know, when you don't at least try to trust somebody else. Right. You know, to, to bring you to the brink of, You know, success.


Is that a prerequisite that you have to have a relationship with the producer? That you need to be close, that you need to trust him or her? That's gonna be in your air, that's gonna be the air that you can't hear with? Yes. Do you have to trust that individual? Yes, definitely. Definitely. Are you surprised that the song that you sang 30 years ago, 35 years ago are still being played today? And they're so like, so popular? Very surprised after 40, 42 years in this industry. We haven't put out a record in probably 10 of those years. And we're still touring.


We're still keeping up with, You know, our fan base. Our fan base is, is probably one of the strongest fan bases that, You know, any group or any individual could have. Very, very true. The, the, any for lifers, they just, they keep coming back. They keep coming back. They keep coming back to every show. I mean, they helped us sell out what, the last two years here in the States. Wow. With the Legacy tour and the Culture tour. And they've come to Vegas and sold those shows out. So it's been, it's been wonderful to just, to have fans like that.


When someone comes to you and wants to sample your music, talking to ll ll says, I don't let anybody sample it before I hear what they're actually putting on my over, over my track. So when someone comes to Bobby and says, Hey, Mr. Brown, we really would like to sample this song. Do you need to hear it? Or do you just clear it? Yes. I gotta hear it. Gotta hear it. You gonna put no bull on it. You know what these kids will say these days? You know, these kids will say some that, You know, you don't want your song associated with. Associated with. So Yeah. You gotta listen to it. Who do you believe sampled one of your songs the best? I I, I don't think they, they did justice.


Okay. I don't think they really did justice to any of the samples that they, they have done to my songs. Like Brittany Spears Butchered Bobby, she butchered prerogative. Oh, Teddy Riley produced it. But that was a butchering that, You know, I, I well, you, I couldn't take it. But you heard but you but you cleared it. I cleared it only because it was Britney Spears and I was thinking she gonna do it. Right. She gonna do it good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. Teddy Riley's doing it too. Yeah. So, You know. Mm. But I felt it was a butchering.


You've heard of speed dating. Right? You meet a bunch of people in one go quickly making connections. Well, what if I told you there's something just like that? But for hiring, if you're running a business and need to find great talent, imagine meeting several qualified candidates at once all at a designated time. Well, good news. There is zip intro from ZipRecruiter. You can post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates tomorrow. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ziprecruiter.com/shesha. Zip intro lets you meet and assess excellent candidates through back to back video calls. Pick a time that works for you and zip intro takes care of finding and scheduling the perfect candidates. Then you get to choose who you want to meet and you'll be talking to great people as soon as tomorrow. It's that easy. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with new zip intro only from ZipRecruiter. The number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ziprecruiter.com/sheshe. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/sheshe. Zip intro Post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


Why do you believe you were such a trendsetter in the eighties and nineties? 'cause I was fearless. I had nobody, I had nobody to, to look at in, in, in, in competition with. Okay. I believe there was Michael, there was Prince, You know, and all I was trying to do was be the best artist that I could possibly be. So I mixed up Michael Prince, Rick James, and Stevie Wonder and tried to be what all of them were not.


Right. You know? And that, that became Bobby Brown. You popularized the Robert Roger Rabbit dance, the running man, the high top fade that landed to the out the direction. What, what made you cut your hair like that? What made you like, I'ma do this. That was a mistake. That was a mistake. The bobby f you up. The barber f me up and I had to shoot a video and it just, You know, it stuck. It just stuck. And You know, people actually went and got their hair cut like that. I know, I know. Let me tell you a story. I went to the late great Quincy Jones's house Okay. One time. And I'm, I'm looking at all the photos in his house and he's talking to me and he giving me advice and giving me advice.


And I see this one picture with this guy, this old guy at the slanted hair. And I was like, yo, so man got my head cut. He was like, that picture is 40 something years old. And that's my grandfather. Wow. And his grandfather had a Gumby. And I was just like, wow. Gumby was around before. Yes. So I wasn't the first one to do it, but I was the first one to bring something back to our culture that was about us, You know, and about, about our individuality, You know, how we are trendsetters.


Right. And I was just proud, I was just really proud that, that I had a haircut like somebody else back in the days. Right. You know, you mentioned like you took a little bit from Prince, you took a little bit from Michael Jackson. You took a little bit from Stevie Wonder, you took a little bit from Rick James is so that was your source of inspiration, but you're kind of more Rick James because you was labeled a bad boy Bobby. Right. Is was that, was that an accident? Was that on purpose? You needed something to make Bobby stand out? Why did you adopt that personality? Or is that who you really are? That was really who I am on stage. Okay. Okay. On stage. IIII do not discriminate with what I do.


I try to give the best concert I could possibly give. I try to give all of the energy that I have stored up in my body. And that came from watching Rick James on stage. Yeah. He, when New Edition was on the cold-blooded tour opening up for Rick James, he would have me watch his show every night. Every night he would just say, stand on the side of the stage and watch my show. Don't say nothing about it, just watch my show. And he never knew I was gonna go solo, but he just, he felt that, I think that I was, I admired him so much.


I admired his music so much. He wanted me to, to experience what a live performance really is about. Right. And it's about giving your all give blood, sweat and tears out there. You gotta entertain, you gotta entertain just the phone, but you gotta entertain that audience. You gotta entertain that audience and keep their attention. Right. And that was one thing about Rick, that he never, he never slacked the slacked the off about, You know, it was always about entertaining the audience. Bobby, you had the mc hammer pants first. Now Hammer gets credit for 'em. But you were wearing hammers. Yeah, he asked me to actually wear 'em. Oh, did he? He actually asked me to wear 'em, and I was like, yeah, man, they their pants.


I got the pants from New Edition. Right. So New Edition wore before I did, and then I wore and then Hammer wore. Right. And it was just about fashion. Right. It was just about keeping a, a, a, a, a trend going. Right. And I'm proud of that. When you see people bring back trends, what do you, what do you think? Because a lot of things, it seemed like you remember the air. I mean, you and I think we're pretty much close in age. I'm about to be 57. I'm 56. I just turned 56. Okay. You remember the bell bottoms? Bell bottoms. Okay. Then they went to the skinny jeans. Now they back to the bell bottoms. Yes. Everybody, the big, the big, the oversized suit, they're back to the oversized suits. When you see trends come back in, does that make you smile?


Like, that makes that make, that really makes me feel a little bit older than, than I actually am. You know, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't wanna ever feel like I'm getting old or Right. Getting out of touch with, You know, anything. My children might be Right. Getting into, You know, but when they come back around, You know, I get a chance to tell my kids, listen, we used to way back before, way back before we used to wear our pants just like that, You know, the skinny jeans. I don't know where that came from, but that, that is something that was just not, we never wore skinny jeans.


Right. No, exactly. You know, growing up when I grew up skinny jeans was a fad that hopefully doesn't come back. No. We come back, we don't want that to come. You don't want that to come back. We don't want that to come back no time soon. Okay. What, what trend would you like to see come back? Ah, but we still got the Afro. Yeah. I'm loving the Afro. They don't, they don't rock it as much. I mean, they don't rock it as much. They rock the braids. Braids the twist. Yeah. There's a lot of, You know, dreads out there now. Unfortunately, You know, I can't grow all my hair back. There's some spots that won't grow.


Oh. But you could grow some hair. I mean, you got some I can grow hair. It'll be splotchy. It, it'll, it'll have a spot right here. Okay. And that, that is, that is not a hairstyle that, You know, I want to, You know Okay. People to follow. Right. Is it true that you taught Michael Jackson how to Moon, walk Moonwalk sideways side. Okay. Sideways. Not, not the back, not the back one. But you go, go sideways. Right. So how, so how did you teach him? So what I mean, how, so what you, like you went over to his house or He, we went over to his house. Okay. And we were doing it in front of him. New Edition. Right. And I don't know if he already knew how to do it.


Right. But I know that when we showed him he was flabbergasted. Right. He was like, wow. As something new. Right. So he put it in his thing and just, he put, he perfected it. It was over. It was over. He took it and perfected it. What's your best memory of Michael? My best memory of Michael is, is how kind and how, how, how, how, just how kind he was as a, as a man, you really don't find people like that anymore. Michael was somebody that trusted and believed in Jehovah. Michael was somebody that trusted and believed in what he was about as a man.


What, what he was about as an entertainer. He knew how special he was. And that, that impressed me. Right. You know, it always has impressed me. Right. There's always a debate. Who's the closest in your time? Who is the closest thing to Michael since Michael? You know, you hear Chris Brown, you hear I would, I would, I would, I would go with Chris Brown. Really? I would go with Chris Brown. Chris Brown. 'cause of the dancing and the singing aspect of it. Chris Brown is a dancer. Singer slash slash great entertainer. Right. Okay. He goes out there and he does the, the ultimate, ultimate stuff on stage.


And you just have to love it. Usher also, Usher's also a great entertainer. But I gotta go with Chris on, on, on, on being as close close to Michael as, as anybody could ever get. And it was great to see Brees at the Grammy get on, get to win that Grammy finally to finally get, to finally get his due. Yes. Long Mower Doe. But hey, but hey. Right on time. Yes. Usher said he looked up to you. Yeah. To say, because you kind of related to you in the industry more than anyone else. When you hear one of this generation's great performers, one of the great r and b singers says that, You know, Bobby was kind of the muse that I used to kind of develop what I did.


How'd that make you feel? It makes me feel great because he's a great entertainer. I've known Usher since he was 12. Right. 11, 12 years old. And just, just seeing his growth in the industry and seeing how, how well he holds himself up, how well he takes care of his business. I'm really proud of him. Do you remember the first time, was he, did he come to your show? Was it, was it an arranged meeting? Do you rem you say you rem you've known him since he was 12. How did that meeting happen? I had a, I had a, a security guard.


Okay. Who found Usher and he brought 'em to the shows. Okay. He brought 'em to the studios. I had a studio in Atlanta, Georgia. And he, he just was always around. Okay. He brought him to be around me and to learn what this, this thing of Oz is, is all about. Right. Which new artist does Bobby listen to today? Is there anybody that, that, You know, like, man, I really like, I really like he or her. You like, I mean, I like this sound. I like the way they do do what they do. I love, I love all of the females, the new females that out. Okay. Theory right now. Jasmine Sullivan. Yes. And, and all of them ss a Yeah.


Him. I love, I love Anthony. Hamilton is okay. Probably one of my favorite artists out there right now as far as Soul and r and b is concerned. He's definitely keeping it alive. I mean, Tim's not him. Tim's. Tim's, yeah. Yeah, she's good. I, I love man, she's amazing. Yeah. She's, she's absolutely amazing. R and b we get this a lot. I asked Usher this, I've asked a lot of people that appeared on Club Shehe is r and B dead? No, no, no. R and b is never gonna die. R and b is something that it's made up of what they call popular music.


Okay. So it's been interwoven. It's not dead. It's just been interwoven in a lot of different things. A lot of different things. You have Bruno Mars who, You know, who's keeping the, the r and b new Jack Sound Alive. Yes. Which is, which is great for, for anybody who loves that style of music, that style of music will never, it will never die. It will never die. Who's some of the, you mentioned like, are there any guys that you, like, you mentioned like Jasmine Sullivan, you mentioned like Tims, you mentioned some of the females other than Anthony Hamilton, who's your R guys? I like Chris.


I like Usher. There's a lot of them out there. A lot of new cats out there that I can't, You know, figure their names out. But a lot of new songs that are out there that are really r and b orientated really impressed me. Who? The king of r and b. Who's the king of RB? King of RB? I don't know. I don't know. So it's a big question. It is. Who's the king of RB? Well how about this here give me your, my Rushmore. If you got four people to put on this, this not Mountain, are your four greatest you or Bobby Brown's?


Four greatest r and b singers. Who face are you putting on that mountain? Mm Damn. He calling me out right now. I know one gonna be up the Marvin Gay. You gonna put Marvin up there? Marvin is definitely up there. Prince is definitely up there. Okay. Michael's definitely up there. Stevie Wonder's definitely up there. Okay. You ain't got no more. You got no, got no more room. You ain't got no more room. You got no room. I'm sorry. We have no more vacancies up there. Lemme ask you this streaming. That seems to be a lot because Bobby, when you started se when you first started, it was all the hard copies.


You went to the, you went to the, You know, store. Store and you waited in line and you couldn't wait to buy that. You know, that 45 or a 30-year-old, whatever you gonna buy. You couldn't wait to get that actual copy of the vinyl. Right? Not, it's not so much like that. Streaming is kind of where it is now. What are your thoughts on streaming? Streaming is something that basically has, has stretched the game out. Okay. The game is not the same anymore. You can't sell records. So the artist doesn't get paid as much as Okay. They are supposed to. Okay. Streaming is is basically a robbery of, of selling records. It's, it's, you're stealing somebody's intellectual property.


Huh? You're stealing it, You know, and it's not, it's not something that I, I look at to be something for the future. I think the future should have, You know, because when you buy an album, you get to look at that album. You get to read who, who's done, who's on it, who's done what on the album. Yep. You get to pictures, you get, you get all of this great information. When you look at an album cover. Correct. And you get to hold it streaming, you get to hold, you actually get to hold it. It's yours. Yes. And now, now you, You know, do you have a vinyl collection? Do you keep all those albums that you collected that you that back in the day?


Do you have 'em all? I don't have 'em all. You let 'em go by? I let 'em go. I let 'em go. Unfortunately. Unfortunately, I don't know. I don't know how I did it. Right. You know, just leaving certain situations and leaving, leaving stuff here. Right. And then leaving stuff here. Somebody out there got Bobby Browns vinyl collection. Somebody's got my vinyl collection and I want it back. I ain't playing. I want my back. Bobby used to sell 12 million physical copies. Yes. 12 million albums. Physical people went into the line or they ordered or however, however they got it. But they got that many copies. Do you think we'll ever see someone sell that many physical records again?


I would hope so. I would really hope so. If they bring vinyl back, You know, if they bring, find a different way to sell albums. Right. I would hope so. You know, because it's a lot of people out there that, that listen to music that can't speak the language. You know, they learn how to speak English by listening, listening to music. Listen. And those people need albums. They need, they need, they need the actual, physical, physical album to be able to do that. You mentioned earlier that that streaming has cut some of the process. So walk us through. So like if you were, let's just say for the sake of argument, if streaming was available back then and you record all these songs, obviously I, you, you probably wasn't independent.


I forget what label you are on. So the record company would take it to the streaming service and they would play it and because how, how does that work? I tell you the truth. I don't know how streaming works these days because I'm so out of the loop of, You know, putting out records, records that, You know, my, my, my past record label was MCA records Universal. Right. And they still have a stronghold on what the industry is about. Okay. Right now they still have a stronghold on it. But I'd just like to see the artists get their just dues, You know, get their, get the monies that they deserve to receive for making this music and selling this music to the people.


I mean, you get a little change. I mean, you, your stuff is streaming. I mean, you, they can go on and listen to Don't be cruel and my prerogative and all that stuff. So I, I still get a check, get checks. It's nice little check. It is nice. Little checks. I'm living, I'm living. If a new artist came to you for advice, what's the first thing you tell 'em? Tell 'em to always practice on their craft. Always rehearse, always, always hold yourself accountable for performing for people. The stage is everything. It, it, it, it allows you to have the longevity in this industry when you're a great performer.


Now, I don't care how many records you've sold. If you, if you can't perform on stage, perform live, there's no reason for you to be in this industry. Wow. Wow. As a kid star growing up in Boston, become this mega star, come into this large sum of money, more money than you thought you could ever have ever do. How difficult was it to you for you to stay grounded and not lose sight of who Bobby was? My mother. My mother and my father. Okay. They told me I was never too big to get an ass whooping.


So you like, but mom, dad, I'm making all this bread. Yeah. You can't be somebody that's making this money. Nah. I was never too old to, You know, take a ass whooping or give one out. No, it just, just, to me, this is entertainment and I, I I, I hold that to heart. I hold that dearly. It's, it's about performing for people and it's about, it's about making the money and not letting the money make you. How difficult was it to be famous at a young age? Did you change or did the surroundings around you change people around You change.


Oh, okay. People around you change a lot. They view you differently. They expect things from you. They expect things from you. They, they expect you to do things for them that, You know, you wouldn't normally do for a person. They expect if you, if you, you are the one with the money, they are your friends. So they should, You know, benefit, benefit to offer benefit also. And You know, I I I, I still have the same friends that I had Wow. Back in the days because my friends always kept me, kept me grounded. They always made sure that I, I remembered who I was and remember who I am as a person.


I was family, family, family is family something else. Family is definitely something else. I I mean was it hard for you to tell family? No, it still is really. It still is because it still is because being, being a being a professional ex-professional athlete and having some success and, and being in media space, it's always a situation. Like when you come into something, it's, we, but when we lose something, it's you. It's me man. We, boy we rich. He broke. Whoa. Whoa. Aren't we all broke? So it, it was, we, we had money. Right? I mean, I'm broke now. Just me. It so, so your family come to you. 'cause it's like now all of a sudden they see Bobby with a new car.


They need a new car. Right. They see Bobby with a nice watch. They wanna watch, they see Bobby got a new home, Bob, Hey, where's mine? So how do, how do you, because you look at, at the, in the beginning. In the beginning, I would give my family everything really. I mean everything, You know, from houses to cars, to, to jewelry, to money, You know. And as I grew, grow up, as I grew up, I learned that I have a family, I have kids, I have a wife, You know, that I have to take care of. Correct. And some things have to stay that way.


You know, you can't, you can't give what you ain't got to everybody, You know, you have to, You know, make sure you take care of home first. And it, it is hard for family to understand and it's hard for family to understand 'cause but Bobby, we family bro. I was with you. When you ain't have nothing and you'll be there. Remember you used to come to my house and eat them, them syrup, sandwiches, the man sandwich. That shouldn't be worth about 50 grand because it's funny though. But in all, in, in, in all honesty is that people did for you. Like now we owe them something. Okay bro, I had a meal at your house. Is that worth 25,000? Damn. Can I cook for you also?


Let me cook a meal for you. That, that's payback. That's payback. Payback enough.


Here's something special for you. New draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins, score big with Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours Publishing.


Lemme ask you this. When you sold 12 million hard copies, how much money did you see actually, see from that? I saw a lot of, a lot of it. I saw a lot of it because my deal was situated in a way where I, I made, You know, money dollars on each record. Okay. So, You know. Oh, okay. Not pennies. So for me, You know, my, the way my mother had it structured and the way my, my management made it so that I saw a lot of the money.


I still see checks, You know, know, you check your check. Do you still see your check box? I still see checks. So, You know, it's, it's, it's not like the money is gone. Right. It's still, it's, it's, it's, it's still, it is still in a, in a way where I feel like my best years are yet to, yet to be yet to come. Is is that why it's so important for artists, artists to keep their masters, to keep their catalog? Yes. Yes. You have to. If after first 35 years I obtain my, my masters.


Okay. So now I own my own masters and I can do what, what I wanna do with my music. Would you ever consider selling it? No. Time soon. You like, hell, I just got it back. I ain't trying to get up. I ain't trying to get up off of it at all. Oh. Like if you had to guess what, what song do you think says okay, they put the most money in the bank account. They make sure that the wife and the kids that we gonna be good. Which song? Which, what song you think pays you the most? I think the the don't be Crew album period. Because we had six, seven singles off of that album.


Right. That whole album pays me enough to live. Wow. Today. That's nice. With a wife and three kids with a wife and three kids. That ain't, that ain't bad. Living five kids. My oh my bad, my bad wife. Five kids. That ain't bad. Living box. Yeah. Three grandchildren. Wow. Yeah. What have you learned when it comes to the music industry and contracts? You gotta be careful. They'll get you, they'll get, you have a great lawyer, always have a lawyer. Look at all your contracts.


It doesn't matter what you have to pay that lawyer. As long as that lawyer's doing its job, it'd be worth it. It'd be worth it to, to, to let a lawyer look at it. If you can go back and re resign a contract, what would you do over, if so, I'm, you are here, here you are now 56 years of age. If I could transport you back 42 years, what would you do differently? I'd be independent from the jump. From the jump, from the jump. I would bust my ass every concert, every promotional thing that I had to do to make sure that I sold the records and performed at my best ability. Is it a situation when you do a album, you, how long after you do an album do you think about, okay, I got the tour right away.


Right away. So, so, so what's, what's common, when do, when do most albums drop or their set time in which albums drop nowadays? Albums drop. People drop albums every six months. Okay. I dropped the album every three years and it was just like, because we were touring so much, you dropped the album and so now dropped the album. You tour We toured for the, the next three years. Wow. That's what we did on the Don't be crude. That's what we did on the Bobby Brown, the Bobby album. We toured, we just toured and toured all around the world. Do you think back at some of the contracts that you signed and some of the money that you left on the table, you're like, damn, what the hell was I thinking?


Yeah. Yeah. It was a lot of money left. Just a lot of money left New Edition First Deal. Is it true you guys only made $500 at A VCR with the new edition before it went solo? Yes. $500 at a VCR, $500 in a VCR. That's all you got. And our royalty was like a dollar 68. Our royalty check was like a dollar 68, but we got $500 to sign and a VCR, well it was a Beam Max at the time, so I would So which one of you guys were the lawyer? Neither one of us was good at, at being a lawyer. So you guys got ranked across the coal in that first contract?


We got, we got ranked. We got ranked. We didn't know anything about it. We, we, all we wanted to do was perform. Right. All we wanted to do was make enough money to go to the movies, buy candy. Right. You know, date girls, You know, that's all, that's all we thought about. We wasn't thinking about You didn't realize how much money was at stake? We didn't. No, we didn't. No we didn't. No, we didn't. You were saying we were treated like little slaves. Why do you think that? We worked all the time and didn't get paid, You know, new Edition. I think right now we are at our best time because we are, we are together as brothers.


Right. And we fought a lot growing up, but we're together as brothers. We pray together, we eat together, we sleep together. As far as You know, we stay in the same building when we are in the same buildings. You can't touch us. Wow. That's the super group. You had a family, it was family members that actually did the contract the first time around. You still have family doing anything for your contract? No. No, no, no. No. Unfortunately not. I mean, my brother is still in my life, You know, will always be in my life. But I found that me handling my own stuff, my wife with my lawyer is a lot easier to deal with than, You know, having, You know, to put that pressure on him.


Some people say you can do it. A lot of people say you can't mix business and family. Right. Have you found that? It was, it is really because at the end that that's my brother. I don't want my brother lose his job, but my brother ain't doing the damn job good enough to keep the job. Right. It's as simple as that. This ain't, bro, this, you still gonna be my brother forever. But bro, there's certain things that you can't, you can't, you can't depend on family members to do. Right. But you have to, You know, still love them the same, You know, and always be there for 'em. If I ask you to put a, a, a dollar amount on how much money you guys Think you lost with that first album, considering that you was making $500 in a VCR and you got a dollar State, state royalty, how much money do you Think you guys missed out on Bobby?


20 million. 30 million. 30. 30. 30 to 40 million a piece. Wow. We should have been been making that amount of money a piece. New edition. Wow. You guys have this run a group. Do we, do you ever think before we get into to New Edition, do you ever think we'll see a group again like New Edition? Like we saw New Kids on the Block, we saw nsync, it used to be groups. Right? Do you ever think we'll see that again, Bobby? It, I hope, I hope because, You know, it's an art form that is, is filled with passion.


You know, brotherhood. It's like playing, playing a game of football. You, you have to depend on each one of the players to do their job. To do their job in order for you to be successful. And I think, I hope that we see groups come back, bands come back. How you guys, who went? Who went? You went solo first. I went solo first. Yeah, because you guys were, you guys grew up in the same area. You knew each other. Yes. So it wasn't like, okay, we got an audition and we gonna find out who can do this and who can do that. You guys knew each other right from the jump.


So you already had that kind of bond. What started to happen to make you decide? I think I need to step out and do my own thing. I was just tired of the bubblegum, bubblegum experience. You know, you wanted to be a little bit more hardcore, Ron. I wanted, I wanted to be more hardcore, but I wanted more control over what I did. Okay. Okay. You know the songs that I sang. Okay. The clothes that I wore, I wanted to have more control and thank God that I, that I got kicked out of the group at that time. They kicked you out? They kicked me out of the group, so Oh. So I was voted out of the group.


So when you found out, so hold on. Did they find out, find out that you were going solo? Is that why they kicked you out before you actually wanted to exit? Or how did this happen? No, no, I was kicked out first and then they found out that I was doing a solo album. Why'd they kick you out? I was just doing the wrong. So you had a little something to do with that, huh? I had, I had a lot to do with it. You had a lot to do with it. I had a lot to do with it. So they voted. So did anybody vote to keep you in or they all were, whether unanimous, Bobby, gotta go. I, I don't know. I think from what I heard, there was one against four damn one against, well, one against three. Right. That wanted me to, to remain.


To remain. Did you have a conversation like, hold, hold on guy. Look, check this out. I didn't get a chance to have a conversation. You didn't? No. They didn't even give you that courtesy, Bobby. No, no, no. But this are my, these are my brothers. I know. Because these are my brothers. And you guys have been able to come back together. Yes. And our relationships are stronger than ever. Did you hope for this moment? Yes. Yeah. Once I, once I was out of the group and I, I found a little success and I found a different way of doing things and I was successful at doing it that way, doing it my way. I wanted to them to know that they could do it in, in that same, same form and make more money.


Right. You know, doing it that way. Well then kinda like, I think Ralph was probably the next one that goes solo, right? No, it was B, BD. Okay. Okay. Be B, BD. Right. They went then Ralph and then Ralph. And then of course Johnny was already solo. Well he already solo. So Johnny came once you left. Yes. So Johnny was what replaced you? No, Johnny was supposed to replace Ralph because Ralph was going solo. Okay. Okay. So Johnny was putting the group to give the, give the group a new sound. Okay. And then Bel biv Devo went up the charts and blew up. And the group just, You know, it was about pieces.


And then once we figured it out, we figured out that we have all of these pieces that we can bring back together and form this, this super group. This super group. Why not do it? This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to club. She she profile and I'll see you


there. PayPal Lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool


For some of us. Personal finances aren't just personal. They include a lot more people than ourselves. Loved ones neighbors, the communities we call home and the causes we hold in our hearts. At Thrivent, we help plan your financial picture with the bigger picture in mind. Because even though our business is helping guide your finances, our ambition is to make it mean so much more. Thrivent, where money means more. Connect with us@thrivent.com.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic because we came to play. Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.