
This is an iHeart podcast,


Sick of face serums that promise the world and deliver nothing. Meet power. Trip by verify skincare. Say goodbye to dullness, blackheads, and fine lines. This biotech powered serum with lactic acid fruit, a HHAs and phyto phx doesn't just exfoliate it. Hydrates, smooths and visibly transforms your skin because when it comes to skincare results, speak louder than hype. Try power Tripp today. Visit us online@verifyskincare.com and enjoy free gifts with purchase Verify skincare, clean, proven, and unapologetically effective.


Welcome to it takes energy presented by energy transfer where we talk all things oil and natural gas, oil and gas drive our economy. Ensure our country's security and open pathways to brighter futures. What do You know about oil and natural gas? You likely associate them with running your car or heating your home. But these two natural resources fuel so much more than that. More than 6,000 consumer products that we rely on every day are made using oil and gas. Before you even step out the door in the morning, you've already used more products made possible because of oil and gas than you realize from the toothpaste you brushed your teeth with the soap you washed your face with, and the sheets you slept on. Not to mention your makeup. Contact lenses, clothes and shoes, oil and gas are vital parts of all these products and so many more. Look around and you'll see the essential role oil and gas plays in our lives. Our world needs oil and gas and people rely on us to deliver it. To learn more, visit energy transfer.com.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures, and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche. We embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. Did you talk about Mayweather? Right? Mayweather. I would say the same about Jordan, but that's a different, oh, there you go. Say about Jordan. I mean, I'm glad that you heard that. I mean, that's what I'm talking about. No, that's what I'm saying. You know, 'cause Jordan will make you look like you're less than what you are like. But folks, Scott. Scott, but LeBron would just, but folks, Scott, it, LeBron would beat you. I know het, but MJ would make you look like less than what you are. I know. Scotty, you see a difference. Scotty ain't on, I know Scotty's going to don't call list and don't invite what's transpired and everything, You know? But that ain't Scotty's fault. Scott. Scotty was wrong. Scotty was wrong. Was wrong. Oh yeah. Scott, Scotty. But no, no, no, no, no, no. Lemme tell you how it started.


Okay. You know, it started in the last dance. Okay? Because the last dance was supposed to be about Jordan's last dance. Why are you putting Scotty Pippen in there for an event that you weren't even on the team on? Let the journalist in me Correct You. Go ahead. The last dance was about the last season for the Chicago Bulls. Okay. The last season. Yes. So what happened is, is that they all on their way out, so you're telling different stories right. About them and their careers with the bulls while they're fading into the twilight. Yeah. So that kind of stuff does make it relevant. But You know, you gonna make Scotty look bad? Well, Scotty deserved to look bad, But you don't have to tell it.


There are a lot of times Stephen A Oh, wait a minute. Now it ain't like he said, yo man, this is the woman he was messing with or something. No. He said, yo, you passed up this contract. You wanted more money. I mean, damn. Let's public information. No, you, you, you Ryan stalk Don't sign this deal. Yeah. Because if you sign this deal, you can't come back to me 'cause I'm not gonna renegotiate your deal. Right. I get it. I mean, damn, you, you, you, Michael Jordan's gone. You wanna be that dude and then you gonna sit up there and and refuse to enter the game. Yeah. 'cause of Tony Uck coach. I mean, damn. That happened in front of millions of people watching. It did. Come on, Man. You don't gotta tell the story Though. Why not? It's part of the story. But Jordan was there. Lemme ask you a question. You tell the information That we wasn't around.


Lemme lemme or excuse me. Excuse me. Jordan was still around. He was coming to visit the team, Scotty. People wearing his sneakers, kicking his feet up. Look at the bottom of the soles of the shoes. Yeah. Jordan, come on back, come on back. All that other stuff. Hell yeah. Jordan wasn't dead then. You didn't say nothing about that, by the way. Where did you play? Did you play in Denver? Yes. Did you play in Baltimore? Yes. So we shouldn't talk about that. Yeah. We we shouldn't talk. We shouldn't talk about, well, so whatever happened in Baltimore, we need to be, we need to, we keep that quiet. No. Whatever happened in Denver, we need to be there. Keep that quiet. But here's the thing. It's A part of your story. But here's the thing. This, the way I look at it, I, I'm not gonna tell an event that I wasn't a part of. So anything that happened in Baltimore from 2000 and 2001, if I tell it in my story, I can tell it in my story.


'cause I was there when Ray went through what he went through in Atlanta. I was there, I was picking him up from the courthouse. He was living with me in my basement. So if I want to tell my story right, that I should be able to include That. But that, that's, but that's a far, that's a far different angle. The man was accused of a crime. It was off the field. Yes. It was very personal. And even though you were involved, that's his personal business. There's nothing about Scotty Pippen turning down a contract. Yeah. Or Scotty Pippen refusing to enter a playoff game. That's Personal. No, but he's saying that, that That's Life. But he's saying when, when Scotty was talking about having the back surgery and he wanted a contract, and Jordan said he's being selfish, even though I might agree with, I ain't saying nobody's gonna be selfish because I want everybody to get as much money as they can.


Right. Right. So I'm not gonna say that. But I, I'm just saying, I'm not saying Jor. I just think that Scotty was, was surprised that Jordan took the stance that he took fine. And said what he said. That's fair. But I will tell you this, Jordan wasn't only the star to show. He was also an executive. And I, So we all know that that's number one Yeah. Component As an important component to bring up. Number two. And more importantly, you gotta remember that was in the aftermath of him turning down the contract and then being bitter about it. You are right. I'm sorry. Taking the money, rather the, the money and then being bitter about it. Right. And so you took the money that Jordan and Roff essentially advised you not to take. Right. You ended up being bitter about it and then was willing to let the team suffer.


Because you gotta remember where it's personal for Jordan. If you are a tight end, which you are, and your quarterback, you say, yo bro, don't take this money. 'cause you are gonna be bitter about the contract. He doesn't listen to you. Right. He takes the money anyway. Then he's bitter about it later on and refuse to step on the field with you, leaves you out there hanging by yourself. Right. You going to have something to say, Whoa, you mean to tell me Jordan went on him championship by himself? No, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm talking about at the time he complained. Oh, I know. Yes. I At the time he complained. Yes. At the time he was complaining about Scotty being selfish. Right. He was on the court without Him, but that's what, and He was like, come on, you leaving me out here because of the decision I told you not to make, but you didn't listen and you made it Anyway.


But I Think you will agree that hurt Scotty more than anything to hear Jordan say that. Okay. Fair enough. Are we sure that that's all that's hurting, Scott? No. There's some other things that's going on behind this. There you go back. I just said you were just saying no, ain't no such thing as just, there's never just, there's always a reason I didn't say what, and I ain't gonna say what I just asked you a relatively rhetorical question that I know You know the answer to. I think it's safe to say that we all know Yeah. This other thing Scottie's a little upset about. Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. You and what if it with you, like every time you say something, you say, my sources say this. Right? And it seem like players go out of their way to try to refute what you said on there.


Well, first of all, when your voice is potent and it's gonna go viral, right, and it's gonna resonate and they think it's gonna compromise their brand, that's what they going to do. I understand that. I remember I tell you a story one time I had a coach go up in front of reporters, Steven a's wrong. He don't know what the hell he's talking about. I can't believe they even let him report on the team, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And then walked by me and winked Because he did it. Because he didn't want people to know he was the one who gave me the story. I've been a journalist for 30 years.


I got sources all over the sports world, right? Every single segment of every single show, I get text messages. It's a player, it's a coach, it's an executive, it's a player, personnel director. In my case, sometimes it's owners. 'cause I know quite a few, right? Okay. And so I have sources all over the place. Does that mean I'm always right? Absolutely not. What happens though is I never said I was, I said, this is what I was told, told. And when you make that judgment call, what are you making a judgment call about? I ain't making a call about your personal life. I ain't making a call about something ultra invasive or whatever. You know, the other day when I made the news about Lonzo, right?


I'm like this. They said, yo, Stephen A they said sometimes it's like, it's hard for him to stand, to stand up from the sit position in the chair. All right? I had heard the same thing on several occasions. Well, two years ago you missed 42 games due to injury. The next season, you miss the entire season. You about to miss this season's coming up. You, the team announced, think about this. The team announced in June that he wouldn't be available before the new year. Think about that. Right? So I'm going like this. You going to literally sit poolside and hop up and down in a chair from a seating position when you done missed 48% of your games in just your fourth or fifth year in your career, brother, you clearly are not healthy.


Okay? You want to get literal with it, right? Maybe I shouldn't have said, oh, whatever. That's what they said. But that ain't playing basketball. But, but but you ain't. Exactly. So I'm like, really? That's what you wanna ref, refuse? And I like Lonzo. Not nothing against him. I'm have nothing against his daddy. Whatever the case may be. But I would say to you, go back to the days when I've covered, I was a beat writer for the Philadelphia 76 ERs, and I'm covering Alan Iversson and beyond. I've been a journalist for 30 years. I was a beat writer for 10. I was a general sports columnist for another seven or eight. I've been around. And so there's been plenty of times when people have refuted what I've said. And then years later, come to find out I was telling the truth all along. You go ahead and you deny that. I remember one time I had a player, I'm in St.


Thomas, this is where my family's from. And if you go to St. Thomas, there's a spot called Red Hook. And Red Hook is where you go and you take the boat from St. Thomas to St. John's. It's only a 15 minute boat ride. Okay? And I'm literally docking away from Red Hook going into the ocean. I get a call of what out and they're saying, I'm lying. I'm like, what the hell do you care? You already told them you leaving. It's hurting my brand. And you realize how a lot of cats are thinking. They're thinking about their social media following. They're thinking about the connections that they have. They're thinking about how that's gonna be parlayed in the monetary value for themselves down the line and how I could be compromised. And so when you see these denials, let's say you say, all right, it makes sense.


I got it. I leave it alone. But my attitude is I'm not giving you a death sentence. And I'm not talking about your personal business. Right. I'm talking about relatively obvious stuff. Calm the hell down and stop making it bigger than what it is. Right. And you'll be fine. Right. The conversation that I saw, I saw a little bit of it. Yeah. About, well, Steph Curry, I think on Gil Gilbert arenas, agent Z Rose Podcast, said he's the greatest point guard. Yeah. You agreed or disagreed. I agreed, but I was mistaken. And the reason why I say I was mistaken is because what I wanted to elaborate on is when you're talking about a typical quintessential point guard, you're talking about a facilitator.


Right? Magic Johnson's the greatest ever. Yeah. There's no question. Right. What I was talking about was impact from the position. Right? And to me, Steph Curry's marksmanship combined with his ability to move without the ball, puts a defense's head on a swivel. And as a result of that, because of the panic he creates, because of his extraordinary marksmanship, you have to pay rap attention to him. You can't afford to Billy pay attention to anybody else. Right. And that, to me is a similar impact to Magic Johnson's ability to get to the basket, throw no look passes. And especially Magic Johnson in the open court in a fast break. But if you put Magic Johnson in a half court setting, he backs you down.


Right? He throws the ball to Kareem Abdul Jabal. Right? Open court is worthy as Byron Scott. As Cooper. You know what I'm saying? And stuff like that. Pick your poison. I was talking about impact. Impact. I wasn't talking about a quintessential facilitator as the point guard. Right. Because I, because Steph Curry is clearly not. That's, That's what I'm saying. I don't really look, I look at Steph as a two. Right? I understand that. That because All these got new age guys, Fame, Lillard, Steph Curry, all these guys are two guards masquerading. Right? They just, they're not the point guard. I'm looking to point guard like magic. Right. John Stockton, right. Jason Kidd, Mark Jackson. When I think point, point guard. Right? That's what I'm thinking. But, but That, I got you. Do we agree? We Agree, we agree. We agree. I mean, listen, magic Johnson is so phenomenal.


And Michael Jordan's been arguing on me about this forever. 'cause Magic Johnson's the greatest in his eyes as well. Yeah. So, You know what I'm saying? It is one of those, And ain't no changing that dude's mind. Ain't no changing, ain't no changing in Michael Jordan's mind. And, and you ain't got no snowball chance in hell pulling at all. But, but, but, but he's right. And, and, and Eddie Johnson does NBA radio. He's absolutely right. He was talking about a mad dog, Rousso and historian he was talking about. He was absolutely right. We know that as a pure pass, magic Johnson is the greatest facilitator the game has ever seen. Right. But I'm saying as an impact. You could talk about Steph Curry being the two guard, but I would tell you he has the ball in the hands enough. The offense runs through him and the impact his marksmanship creates creates just as much havoc as Magic Johnson created.


For sure. Yes. And that's all I was trying to say. Which is why even though if you taught done about a prototypical point guard, you will pick others before him. If you're talking about impact, it's him and Magic Johnson. Yeah. Oh, we do. No, there's, its him. There's no denying that. Exactly. When you look at LeBron, let's take LeBron and you, you were covering the NBA Yep. When LeBron got in. Yep. I said, LeBron is overachieved because no matter what you thought he might be, ain't no way in hell you thought he would be this good Stephen. A No, I didn't. That's why I got him number two all time. Matt, LeBron James is one of the greatest ever do it. And listen, we're gonna miss him when he's gone.


I can sit up there and I can have my basketball decisions as a Michael Jordan one, him two. But I gotta tell you, man, I got so much love and respect for LeBron. And, and a lot of people, they, they misconstrue. You know what I mean by that? When I say I got love for a brother that I barely know. 'cause it's not like I talk to him every day or whatever. Even though we accord you to one another in the whole nine. I'm saying I appreciate who you are and what you've meant. Yes. To our community, to basketball, to young men, particularly young black men everywhere. Yeah. This dude is phenomenal, man. And and to be a guy that was on the cover of Sports Illustrated and the only blemish in his entire career is that I'm taking my talents to South Beach.


Yeah. That is literally the only stain. Yeah. On his career. And he raised money for the boys And girls. I mean, it's ridiculous. And a businessman extraordinaire. Yes. Actor. He did a great job. Think I'm joking when I put the ticket on him. Great actor. Great. 'cause because You know, we so sensitive about LeBron James actually had a ticket creator for First Take. Great actor, great businessman. 17 you 17 fans. That's true. Oh, it's gonna be there for you. It's gonna be there when you bring him out. Say, I said, well, can we get it out the way? 'cause I wanna make sure he knows I recognize all the greatness about him. Listen the movie train record. You see what he did at Train? Yes. He gonna believe with he was great. Yeah. He was great. He did a great job, You know, with Amy Schu, I believe. I mean, he was fantastic. You know, I got it. But the point is, is that the dude is phenomenal on a multitude of levels in what he has done for us as black people in this nation in terms of his business acumen, his commitment to excellence.


You know, this brother takes care of his body. He's always in shape. Yes. I mean, I looked at, he's the reason that I got mad at Anthony Davis last year because I'm looking at Anthony Davis. You, You know this brother vouch for you. Right? You know this brother. He, He put his Name on blank, put his name on the line for you. Right. I know you, I know you got him the ring in the bubble. But you understand it. Don't stop there. Right. Right. How is he in better shape than you? How is he more focused and dedicated than you? Could you pick your ass over his house and, and, and, and mimic his workout? Use his trainer, use his nutritionist. Do something. And you understand what I'm saying? I'm like, it. It's like, come on now. Look man, I'm I, I'm, I'm, I'm the star.


First Take, lemme tell you haw, I'm gonna do some more pushups, bro. You understand what I'm saying? I'm gonna change my diet even more. You understand what I'm saying? I, I ain't gonna let you down, bro. I'm not, I'm not gonna be there. I got Shannon and, and Ron and RC sitting across.


Welcome to it takes energy presented by energy transfer where we talk all things oil and natural gas, oil and gas drive our economy, ensure our country's security and open pathways to brighter futures. What do You know about oil and natural gas? You likely associate them with running your car or heating your home. But these two natural resources fuel so much more than that. More than 6,000 consumer products that we rely on every day are maybe using oil and gas before you even step out the door in the morning. You've already used more products made possible because of oil and gas than you realize from the toothpaste you brush your teeth with the soap you wash your face with and the sheets you slept on. Not to mention your makeup contact lenses, clothes and shoes, oil and gas are vital parts of all these products and so many more. Look around and you'll see the essential role oil and gas plays in our lives. Our world needs oil and gas and people rely on us to deliver it to learn more. Visit energy transfer.com


For me with him, with his fitness facility in Louisiana and all of this other stuff. And I'm gonna roll around with a belly and looking all shit. Oh, nah, nah, nah. It ain't going down like that. It ain't going down like that. I'm gonna be in shape, bro. I been getting in shape. I already lost some pounds. I I, I been my potty fat in half. I did all that. But when I'm, I'm, I'll never be the, the black hu that you are. I ain't trying to do that. But you ain't gonna look at me and go like this. Damn. He need to get in the gym. He ain't in shake. Steven didn't let himself go. I ain't gonna do that. I ain't gonna do that. How, how am gonna bring that down? You got Molly sitting in the middle and stuff like that. You sitting across from me. I'm like, and I'm looking shabby. Nah, I ain't going down like that. And I'm looking at Anthony Davis like, ain't there's nothing inside of you that said Yeah, that, You know, I I need to be in shape.


Right. You going drop 41 game and 11 the next. That's that. Come on bro. Yeah, yeah. Come on bro. You, You know, it's like you looking at LeBron and, and I, I literally, I almost went on the air and was like, You know, LeBron, I'm sorry. I, I felt that bad for him. Yeah. Because I'm like in his 20th year in the league, he's in better shape and he the best player and he actually don't want to be, he actually wishes you were in better shape. He actually wishes you were a better player, which you are Right. When you bring your A game. Right. But it's sporadic 'cause of a lack of dedication in my opinion. I don't know that. Right.


But I'm like, what did you think that Yeah. If you, well, LeBron like, wait a minute, what I missing? You ain't doing something right bro. I'm, I'm almost 10 years more in the league. That's right. With more wear And tear. Come on man. Come on man. And you in LA and You know this 'cause you've been out here. You live out here now la a different flavor. You know, you got to be disciplined to be out here. Yeah. You can't, you, you, you, you can't easily locate to distract. I mean, they are easy to find. Yeah. The distractions. Well, that's the Thing with disciplines. It requires you to do your best when no one you think no one is watching. There you go. There you go. You know what I'm saying? Listen, when I'm in LA, bro, I don't come outside until I finish my workout.


Other than First Take, I don't come outside until I finish my workout because I know once I get outside, it's gonna be a while before I get back. You know, I'm, I'm just not gonna, Now you, I'm, I'm just not gonna, I'm just not. You know what I'm saying? You know, we working that. Right. We Gonna be, Hey, we gonna be in the gym together. I'm going the gym with you Shannon. We working out. I'm not doing that. I'm not, listen, you want the, you want a meme that people will be laughing at me for the next two decades. Have me in the gym with Shannon Sharp. Come on man. You Know what I'm saying? That's Like, that's like the rock standing next to Snoop Dogg. We ain't doing that. We had the Snoop is my dog. You know, You know I love you baby. You know I love you. You know, I mean, come on now. I ain't doing that.


I'm not getting in the gym with you. Just one workout. Huh? Just one Workout. I'm gonna work out every I listen, I work out, You know what? I might do that. I, I might, Imma wait a few months though. I'm gonna wait a few months. I'm not gonna do that just yet. Okay. Dame. Yeah. Man. And James Harden's situation. Yes, sir. Dame is, You know, he look, he saw James Harden get fined a hundred thousand for calling Daryl Morrie a liar. He like, I ain't, I ain't trying to Yep. You know, lose any of my money. Yep. So what, what's, what's your take on those situations? Well, when I think about Dame, it's more sensitive for me because Dame could have demanded out on several occasions and he never did.


And it's Portland. It ain't like he didn't demand out LA on Miami. Right. He didn't demand out of Portland. Right. Okay. And he was never gonna get anybody to come to Portland. He was never gonna get anybody come Portland, come to Portland. You know, so now that he's been there a decade and he's like, it is time. Look out for the brother. Now, now, now should he have handled it a tad bit differently in terms of, all right, I shouldn't have said just Miami try to work behind the scenes to get this done. Get to get to Miami. Right. Maybe he shouldn't have done that. Right. But the bottom line is he's giving Portland everything he's had. Right. And You know, you moving in a different direction. You draft your number. The third overall pick is your brother School. You gotta play my position School Henderson, play your position.


Come on, y'all get it done. You know, and so that's how I feel. I support Dame on that. James Hard is a different animal and I like James, but James gotta be more accountable. You got everything you want. They gave you everything but a pacify and the bib in Houston, wherever you wanted, they gave you, they did everything. Money, helicopter rod, massage therapist, masseuse, hang at the strip club whenever you want. Everything. Go To Vegas Whenever you want. Go to Vegas whenever you want me. They, they gave you everything. And Darryl Morre took care of you. Right. To the point where Mike D'Antoni didn't even show negative plays of James Harter. When James Harden was in the film room, he showed about everybody else wasn't even show on in the film room. This is me covering the NBA I'm tell you what I know then you force your way out.


You want to go to Philly because you want to go with Darryl Moore, you wanna follow him there, but they say no. So you want to go to Brooklyn. They tell, You know, initially you show up to camp outta shape. You make it very, very clear that you ain't trying to do anything. 'cause you're trying to get the hell outta town. So they ultimately trade you to Brooklyn. You get in Brooklyn, they, you force your way outta there. 'cause you want to go with Daryl Morry in Philly, which is where you wanted to go all along. Now, although we can't absolve Darryl Mor, if you lie to the man, you lied to the man. Right? Ain't nobody giving, ain't nobody blaming James hard that you 15, 20 million back. Nah, NAHT serious. I'm gonna get This back. That's right. You know, if you told him that you owe him that Correct. Period. But why is anybody gonna be sympathetic to James Harden with what James Harden has done on three separate occasions.


Right? And now you're doing it a fourth. And you gotta remember when he was in Houston, I want Dwight Howard, I don't want Dwight Howard, I want Carmelo Anthony. I don't want Carmelo. Anthony wanted Russ, I want CP three. I don't want CP three. I want Russ, I don't want Russ. And not one single championship to show for it. It ain't like you a champion making these demands. Right? You getting paid, you a showstopper. We get it. But you have no championships to show for any of your efforts. At some point in time, somebody got to be willing to say to you, yo, can you give me a little bit more? Oh, by the way, don't get me started with closeout games in the playoffs.


Yeah. We just saw what you did in the game. Seven, nine points. Three of 11 shooting in a game, seven closeout game against Boston. You had 'em for game six. You were up three, two on your home turf in Philadelphia. And look what happened. Those are the kind of things that I'm talking about. And so when something like that happens, man, it, it, it, I can't support that. Right? I can, I can like him and be cool with him, but I can't support those actions. Some of the decisions that he's Can't do it. What's Katie's legacy going to be? What's Kevin Durant's legacy gonna be? Because they, I, I think Stephen A, he was up three one on the Golden State Warriors. He's up three one on a 73 win team lose game five, lose game six, lose game seven.


And in games five and six and seven games. Five and six. He shot the ball. Terrible. Yeah. I will tell you this, I think that Kevin Durant is one of the greatest players that I've ever seen. But when I saw how things materialized in Brooklyn and then he went to Phoenix and got bounced out in the second round of Denver, what I said was, I can't put him above LeBron. I used to look at him in his offensive arsenal and think that, but what I realized is that I'm not showing enough respect and appreciation to the leadership that LeBron has exerted right and exhibited LeBron has been the face of every franchise he's been on.


Even though D Wade was that lead in Miami. And when you look at LeBron, what he had to deal with with Kyrie, You know, what he had to deal with when he arrived in la, what he had to deal with with all the vitriol ain in his direction or in Miami and stuff like that. Mental toughness, ultimately leadership accountability. You know, of course his years in Cleveland, of course when you look at all of these things, he showed an ability to deal with things Kevin Durant did not. Right. Kevin Durant is a phenomenal player, a good brother, really authentic in a lot of ways. I got a lot of love for him.


He is a two time champion. The two time NBA finals. MVP, we can't tell, I don't care that he's playing with the Golden State Warriors. He averaged 35. He was the MVP. Yes. He balled out, You know, he showed his greatness. But the problem that I would tell you that was really put on display in Brooklyn, he needed to be a leader. But he doesn't want that. He's already told you that. And that's the difference. LeBron wants it. LeBron wants to be the leader. Right. LeBron accepts it, You know, You know Kyrie is Kyrie and You know, I'm not here to, I'm not gonna throw no shade. Me and Kyrie have had eye issues. That stuff has been resolved. But the point is, is that at the end of the day, Kyrie, that is somebody that Kevin Durant, if he were that leader, had to reel in Right.


By simply saying, man, I bump all this. We try to win the chip. Right. Kyrie doesn't hurt his ankle against Milwaukee in the playoffs. Brooklyn might have won it all. Right. Because I think they win that series against Milwaukee. I do too. And I think they could have beaten Phoenix. Right. You know, understand. I mean it's just that simple to me. And so when I'm looking at it from that perspective, I'm just saying to myself, you Kevin Durant, it's about living and let living and let, and I'll do my job. Right now it's about making sure that the ultimate job is to try to win the chip. Right. And letting nothing stand in the way of that. Right. If you on a football field, Ray Lewis might have been the leader, you ain't gonna be quiet if you see Kat blowing your opportunity to win the Super Bowl championship.


Right. You gonna be like, yo. And I remember when Isaiah Thomas, the great Isaiah Thomas, two time champion Hall of Fame, Isaiah Thomas was arguing with me one time about Kyrie. And I said to him, it was over the backseat thing. And I said, I'm gonna end this conversation right now. Zeke, about one simple question. If a member of the Detroit Pistons that was such an integral part of your championship, hopes took that position, what would you have done? Isaiah started laughing. He said as a team we'd have snatched his ass up. We'd have sat him down, tied him up and we'd injected the shit into myself. He said, now he might've been mad at us, he might've been mad at us.


Right. But we would've done it. Right. I said, I arrest my case. Right. All I'm saying is, is that at the end of the day, we trying to win and anything that gets in the way of that is secondary right to that Right. Actually being a priority. Right. That's all I'm saying. And I think Kevin Durant should have had that attitude and I don't think he did. You look at the West, the Nuggets won the championships. I like Nicola Yoic. I think he's one of the two best players in all the basketball. Yep. You got Phoenix. This is a year book and KD together. Yep. Bradley, bill join. Yep. You got the Warrior CP three. What's gonna be his role in that situation? The Lakers. If Anthony Davis is healthy, I like that they've, they have depth.


Austin Reeves, I like him. I like him. What's, how, how's the West gonna shake out? First Of all, we always root for the Lakers because they're in Southern California. Yeah. I mean we, we, You know, if you ask me do I want to go to San Francisco, LA it is LA all day, every day. Yeah. Twice with Sundays. So, so just for my own personal preferences. Yeah. It's always La la Miami is my dream scenario. That's why I was so miserable during COVID because the one time I wanted to get my dreams, oh you could Just go Miami. You come to It was bubble day in the bubble. I was so depressed. I was so depressed. But I, I'll tell you this, I don't believe in Anthony Davis in terms of his availability.


I'm not talking about his skillset. I'm not talking about whether he cares or not. I'm talking about injury prone, sporadic. There's something going on with him where instead of talking about me getting in the gym, you need to be talking to him to get in the gym. 'cause he's just up and down. It's like, it's like, it's like this brother sat up there and ate a healthy meal one day and then ate a bag of Skittles the next and it's the, this plummet. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I don't understand it. I don't either. And and, and I can't have faith in that. I think they'll make the playoffs. I think they'll be formidable. I dismissed the Clippers because I just don't believe that Kail Leonard will ever be healthy. I just don't believe it. Well Paul George is miss damn near much time. I, I agree with you. That's totally, totally true.


Troy, I remember, I just saw the numbers recently. I think Paul George misses about 38% of his games and Quas at 48%. So I think it's around that Paul George talked about he gonna play bully ball and all that stuff. We'll see, you understand what I'm saying? Especially if he was talking him and Devin Booker was going back and forth. I got to see that. Right. 'cause I know Devin Booker is coming. Yeah, he, that dude. Yeah. He's real now. Devin Booker. Devin Booker is real. And I'm talking about his mentality. Yeah. He ain't scared of nothing. He coming for you. So I definitely respect that and we gonna see what Bill and KD do together as well. Phoenix to me should be the favorites. You look at Denver, they're obviously formidable and you got that cohesiveness. So I would tell you a rematch between Denver and Phoenix, in all likelihood, the conference finals as opposed to the divisional playoff round.


Semi-finals rather. We'll see that. But that, that's what comes to my mind. I don't expect much from Dallas, even though Anthony Edwards is on the rise. I don't expect much from Minnesota. Wow. I don't expect much from Minnesota. I think Dallas, to me, they don't have the personnel. Do you think, do you think Minnesota should not run the team through Anthony Edwards as opposed to Kat? Yes, yes, Yes. I Agree. I agree totally. I think that Anthony Edwards is one of those dudes. He's one of those dudes. He's coming and, and, and I, I feel that way. But I definitely think that when you look at the two teams, I would look at Phoenix and Denver and then I would look at the Linkers and Clippers on the outside on the come up. Right. That's how I view the West. You didn't mention the Grizzlies, obviously the Josh situation.


Hopefully, I think they'll appeal, I should have mentioned the Grizzlies. They'll, They, they're, they're appealing his 25 game of suspension. So I'm under the assumption that it's gonna stick's. Just say for the sake of gonna sake for this argument, it's going to stick. It's gonna stick. It's gonna stick. You've been outspoken. Yep. I've been very outspoken and I don't know J but if I could sit down and I just think he was, I just thought he was moving in a direction that wasn't conducive to accomplish what he really, really wanted to accomplish. That's being an outstanding basketball player. Be a brand, the job brand being one of the faces of the NBAI Agree with you. What If, if there's some advice you could give him, I don't know how well You know his dad. I don't. I don't, I don't. I've met him both once.


J's a great player, J's Phenomenal, phenomenal. And I think that Ja is gonna come back with a vengeance. You know, I really, really believe he's gonna come back with a vengeance. He's gonna wreak havoc. And I love the acquisition of Marcus Smart. I got Boston by the way, is my favorite overall. Really? Yes, I do. Wow. I think Ingas at seven three with the ability to step away from the basket and shoot combined with Tatum and Brown, still keeping Al Horford. Okay. And Robert Williams in the mix with a Derrick w with a Derrick White, with a Malcolm Brogden re in sixth Man of the Year. I think when you look at their depth, their athleticism, their perimeter shooting, their ability to defend the fact that Missoula has a year under his belt coaching the team.


I think all of those things bode well for Boston. They've been knocking on the door long enough. You Jaylen Brown, you just signed for $300 million, you damn well better show up. And if you, and if you, Jason Tatum who's in line for about 360 million, you damn well better show up. And so I'm gonna assume that they will. But I think Mark is smart losing him. It'll be felt to some degree. But I definitely think it's gonna help Memphis immensely. Right. And I think that, You know, and and I think that, And you get big Steven Adams back and Clark And people don't realize Adams and Clark being gone, Lakers don't beat them like that. If Adams and Clark are healthy, that just doesn't happen. Right. 'cause Adams and Clark are no joke. And so I take that into consideration as well.


Having said all of that, I'm not sure on their shooting collectively. Right. Okay. So that concerns me. I think they're sporadic defensively that concerns me. I think their coaching concerns me to some degree. So I look at Memphis, but in terms of my advice to Ja, it's this man, some people you gotta leave behind. And I don't mean cut 'em off like you don't know 'em. Right. I don't mean cut 'em off like you can't be with them. But I'll give you a perfect example. I got brothers that I grew up with in Queens, New York. Half of them are dead. 'cause You know, the drug game was real prevalent then.


And I was blessed that I was never a part of it. But most of my friends were. And You know, I got a couple of, I got a couple of brothers that You know, did some time. And I'll always look out for them. I'll always have love for them. Shannon. They can't hang with me. No, They can't hang with me. You're not coming to work with me. You're not coming to a game with me. That's not happening. Now. I see your neighborhood. What's up? How you doing? You need me for anything? What's up with you need? I can help you. I'm more happy to do that. So I'm not talking about ostracizing you, but the NBA is your business.


What happened with Ja Moran cost him about $60 million. $60 million. You ain't getting that back. No. No matter how much money you get, you ain't getting that back. And so for me, You know with his dad, look, I'm a father. You're a father, here's the deal. I know you can't tell your son, literally tell him what to do. He's a grownup. Right. But certain things he don't need to be doing right in front of you. Correct You the grownup, you dad. And you are not supposed to be trying to live the life he live in. You know what I'm saying? Y'all made it and you gonna make it even more.


And so it's not to cast aspersions, insult them, denigrate them in any way. Who wouldn't root for JMA rent? Who ain't rooting for him to succeed. I don't know anybody that ain't root. Exactly. And I know I'm rooting for him. Exactly. I know you root for 'em. Yes. But how are we helping you if we see you doing stuff that we know could potentially lead to your downfall and we say nothing. Are we really trying to help you if we say nothing? No, we are not trying to help you. And that's why we say something. Because we want you to correct the errors so you can rise and prosper and live your life. I don't know what you feel about this, but I said this at the time, the 75th anniversary, I said Anthony Davis shouldn't have made it over Dwight Howard.


Right. Stan Van Gundy said, you can't make a case to says Anthony Davis career has been better than Dwight Howards. What's your take on that? I kind of agree. Anthony Davis was a prolific scorer, but at the end of the day, he wasn't relevant until he arrived to the Lakers with LeBron. Correct. Dwight Howard was a three time defensive player of the year. Extraordinary shot blocker and eraser was never the offensive player that Anthony Davis was. No. But certainly was just as impactful. Yes. And more successful because he was on the squad that Anthony Davis won a championship with as a reserve.


Right. Which means he's got a ring too. Right. And so you offset that and now look at their careers. Yeah. Even though the talent that is Anthony Davis, I consider to be better Okay. Than Dwight Howard. Right. The impact of your career is not greater than that of Dwight Howard. Dwight Howard took a team to the NBA finals. Yes he did. In his prime. He's one of the five best players in the NBA. Absolutely. Absolutely. So I can't disagree with that. I can't disagree. I can say Anthony Davis is a better talent. Yes. But it also highlights what you must not be doing. Right. Because a lesser talent that is Dwight Howard was more impactful than You were. Right.


Players under 25, you got Luca, jt, Trey Young Zion, Anthony Edwards. You know what Zion, because you've been very, I've been very outspoken, Steven, that You know, I I I'm a nutritional guy, right. I'm, I'm in the bodies. And I said that he, he's just too big. Right? I said, y'all chief, oh shady, you don't know what's going on. I said, bro, the man is 300 plus. I can tell he's not eating the way he should. Right. In order to maximize too Many burgers. Too many burgers. You know, you in new, You know, in New Orleans eating gumbo, tufe and jambalaya, Everything, everything in lane. So What I, how do we, how do we get Zion to understand?


Because I think the greatest person that he needs to sit down and have a hour long conversation with is Charles Barkley. He's a more athletic Charles Barkley. I just gotta be honest, I don't think he cares enough. Wow. I don't think he cares enough. I'm not saying he doesn't care. I'm not talking about Karen. I'm talking about that fire, That passion that it's the end all be all. Because I believe he's in a market he don't wanna be in. I said that I believe if he was in New York or someplace where he really, really wanted to be, we see a more dedicated Zion to his physicality.


And the point is, is that I don't know that to be sure. But you can't walk around as big as he is. No. And tell me you dedicated. Right. You can't. You can't. Because even when you are, when you are restricted in terms of your mobility, You know what you'll do? You'll eat less and you'll eat better because you'll fear bloating. No. Your fear blowing up and not being ready when called upon once you hear. Right. That hasn't been the case. Because If you game, if you eating bad while you are active and running up and down the court, what the hell you Think you going to eat when you can't run up and down the court. That's right. So now the 30 pounds that you took off because you was healthy and athletic and running up and down the court, you about to put 50 back on.


Exactly. And that's exactly how I feel. And because of that, again, I love Zion's game. I believe he's a potential superstar in this league. He's something to behold. But I think it's fair to question his commitment to his conditioning. Right. And if you're questioning somebody's comm, You know, commitment to conditioning, you're questioning whether or not they care. And that's really what it comes down to. Right. We was talking about players under 25, Luca, Jason Tatum, Trey Young, Zion, Anthony Edwards, Lalo, Shea Gil, just D Fox or Jordan Poole. I'm gonna give you one guy. Of all those guys I mentioned, who you taking, A lot of people would say Luca, I'm gonna say Jason Tatum.


Jason Tatum, six nine. Jason Tatum could shoot the three. I saw Jason Tatum drop 46 in a closeout playoff game six in Milwaukee. I saw Jason Tatum handle his business in a game seven. I've seen a young Jason Tatum, who ain't even 27 years of age yet be a primary option on a team that's going to five conference, championship games, championship series in an NBA finals. I I, I just look at them and I say, and not only that, we just talk about conditioning. There have been times when we've looked at Luca and we've said he ain't in shape, he's getting in shape Right.


As the season progresses. Correct. We look at Jason Tatum from day one and say he's in shape. Right. That matters to me. I would go with Jason Tatum. Andre Ado says, the player with the mentality as closest to Kobe Bryant is Jimmy Butler. You agree with that? Closest to Kobe Bryant is Jimmy Butler. As far as mentality You could say that I would beg to differ Who you like Devin Booker. Jimmy Butler works. But the difference between Jimmy Butler and Devin Booker is Jimmy Butler doesn't care that much about offense until the post season arrives.


Right. Kobe cared about it all the time. Yeah. And Devin Booker cares about it. Right. All the time. Right. They coming out looking for their shot from opening and tip off Jimmy Butler. Sometimes you literally feel like you gotta throw something at him just to make him shoot the basketball. Right. He does. It's not a priority for him. And that is why I would say no on that Kobe comparison. Not much is known about Steven a's private life. Yep. You like myself, are very, very private. Yep. How have you been able to maintain that level of privacy? Number one, I'm quick to sell somebody to mind their damn business.


You know, I, You know, and that's a kind way of putting it. And I will cancel a woman in a heartbeat that talks about my business. She utters my name. What? Publicly about us. She gone. I wouldn't hesitate. She happy For us. I don't care. I don't care. You know why? Because I want you to know who my woman is when she's Mrs. Smith. I'm talking about publicly. Right. I'm not talking about, You know, Shannon going, Shannon gonna beat my girl. Right. You know, Jamie's met my girl. You know I'm saying you Right. I'm not talking about that. Yeah. I'm talking about announcing it. You see us and people talk, oh no, let them talk.


You better not talk. I will cancel you quicker than you. So She can't, so she can't post nothing on ig? Never. I would, she wouldn't, she wouldn't make it to my crib as my, I'm telling you. Not, I'm not joking. She wouldn't make it to my crib. I she could live five minutes away. She'd be gone by five, five minutes. I don't play that. Because here's the thing, I'm in the public eye. Yes. Let me tell you what to test, what I detest. And I've never done this to another man. And I, it makes me cringe when this happens to a man. I can't get over how these stars be messing with somebody and then you with somebody else. Or that's who he used to mess With. Yeah. Nah, They do that. Nah, nah, nah. I mean, look who you talking about? Look, it, it could be a ex.


I be like, who you talking about? That's a friend. I don't know what you talking about Steven, you used to mess with who I ain't mess with. I don't know what you're talking about. Right. Ain't none of your business. Right. I'm not, I'm not doing that. Okay. You know when she Mrs. Smith, you'll know who she is. Right. Until that time I might have messed with her. I might not have messed with her. You'll never know. Right. I don't do that. And I can't stand when we see people out here like sharing their information and You know, it's on Instagram and Twitter. We grown ass men and women. When did everybody, when did your business become everybody else's business? I don't, I don't vibe with that. I have no, no patience with that. And anybody who knows me, and I mean anybody who knows me, they'll tell you right now, I live in LA five minutes from where we are.


They wouldn't make it to my crib being my woman. If I saw something on social media that was initiated by them about me, they out, I wouldn't hesitate. I have been that way my entire adult life and I will never change when in that regard I could be getting ready to get married. Do wasn't called off. So it was always, I play that game with me. So it was always, I play that game with me. It was Always your, it was always since once you got into the public eye was to be private. Be private. Absolutely. It's not everybody's business. It's not everybody's business. Look, I know people business, I, you see me, I'm on tv. I'm a professional journalist. I challenge anybody to talk about Stephen A talking about their personal private business.


Yeah. Now if you walking out in public and putting everything on display and all of that. Alright, that's fine. You know what I'm saying? I just talk about Megan Good to find that stuff the other day. Right. Okay. I get it. You understand what I'm saying? So now LA and I mean, she she been fine for years. Yeah. You know what I mean? I got it. Yeah. You know, stuff like that. But you don't hear me talking about people's private business. Right. I don't do it. Right. I don't, and I never, ever will. I read what your daughters don't like when people come up to you Oh. And ask for autographs when they're in your presence. Oh, They, oh, oh my Lord. Listen man, Do they have a social media presence? A little bit, but I, I I I try to monitor it and You know, I leave that to their mom. But I, I will tell you this for me.


Oh my God, being a dad for daughters, it's the greatest blessing. And the worst curse. The worst curse. And Because the blessing is you didn't know what love is until they, you thought you knew what love was and then they came along and now You know, the love is the curse is you didn't know what love is until they came along. So you're never at peace. You always worried, worried about everything. You worried about everything. And and they they did, they did. Daddy's, You know, daughters. So they like me from the standpoint, like, first of all, I'm not that special. I'm just Dad, what is so big about you? Right. I mean, please, why, why?


Yeah. All you do is talk on television. I mean, who cares? Oh Lord, can we hurry up please? What do they want your autograph for? I mean, but then they get attitude. 'cause it's like they're taking our time. Right. Hurry up. Right. Like, literally. Right. And and it's like, and I knew, I knew from the time my daughters was like seven, eight years old. I came home and I, I had to do, I had to get to Dallas. I was supposed to go from LA straight to Dallas. I literally flew home on the red eye just to take them to school and to give them a hug and a kiss. And I took 'em to school.


They were all happy and bouncing around and all that stuff. And I drove them to school. And I said, okay, daddy gotta go. They're like, what? And I was like, this eyes popping. I I I, they, they gotta go to work right In Dallas cry. And the teacher's like, just go, just go. Right. And I get on, get on the road, I'm going to airport and I call the school to speak to 'em. And they're like, could you call back later? They, they don't want to talk to you right now. And I'm like, this is seven, eight years old. Right. And it's like, and I knew then my life's over. It belongs to them. They run my life.


Right. So I squeeze in things for me. Right. But they're the generals. That's how it goes. Do do your kids watch? Your kids are, they're at the age now. They understand what you Do 15 and 14. Yeah. So they understand what you do. Yes. They know who they know who dad is. That's right. That's right. And they see me lied on a lot. 'cause a lot of times I've been accused of saying something or doing something that ain't know better. Well, I was accused of being someplace and they're like, daddy, you was with us. You know, but, but it's like, it is what it is. They understand it. And I tell them it's about tough skin. Right. You can't, you can't overreact to everything You ought to understand when you in the public eye, people gonna lie on you all the time. They're gonna invade your privacy. They're going to instigate stuff.


They're willing, they're looking to provoke a reaction. And I can't give it to them. Because if I do, then I take the bait and it can jeopardize what I'm trying to build. Right. And so you explain those things to them, them, and you hope that they understand. What advice would you give a young journalist? Because You know, the, the, the newspaper business is not what it was when you got into it. Yep. Everybody gets their, You know. Right. Because it's so instantaneous now, Stephen, A Right, right. You got social media. Yep. So now ain't nobody just sitting there watching the six o'clock news. Right. And ain't nobody just just reading the newspaper. Right. So what advice would you give young journalists? First Of all, understand that everything feeds off of information. You've gotta be about the business of acquiring intel and information, because that means you have something to talk about.


You have something to write about. You have something to express opinions about, whether it be via radio, television, podcast, newspaper, magazines, dot com, whatever, whatever content is king. Right? Content will never go anywhere. How people are receiving that content is what has changed. Linear television was once here. Now it's dissipating before our very eyes. There are some people that are projecting within the next decade, YouTube will be more popular than some of the networks, right? If not already. And so you have to take that into consideration. That's point number one. Point number two is that you're trying to build something, build a brand. Know who you are, know what you stand for.


Recognize what gravitates folks towards you and what doesn't. And that's how you go about the business of building something. Number three, master your business. You gotta know what you're talking about. You gotta know what you want to do. A lot of people want a podcast. Well, do You know what comes with a podcast? It ain't just a microphone and a camera. There's a production team that gets, that's behind the scenes. There's a sales and marketing angle. There's a sales angle that comes with it. A marketing angle that comes with it. A technological angle that comes with it. There's people operating these cameras, You know, You know these microphones, right? Making sure the audio is right, et cetera. Well, how much is that gonna cost? Okay. What level, of course comes with it. Okay? One of the things that I would give advice to a lot of students wanna come up, no matter what major you take minor in business, 'cause everything comes down to business.


Now, you've gotta be about the business of knowing what your business entails. That way You know how to do business. You know what you're negotiating. You have an idea what it entails. You know, when you've made mistakes and how to pick up on that. I started my own podcast months ago. I've made a lot of mistakes. Why? 'cause I never had a podcast before. Correct? I had to learn through osmosis. But I put myself through that fire initially on purpose. So when it grew, as it's been growing, then I'm in a position to now make the proper decisions because I use that, You know, that, that, that, that infancy period to really learn and gain knowledge about the industry, how much it's going to cost, what my losses and my profits look like, et cetera, et cetera, right?


All of those things are things that you have to know because the business itself that used to exist is no longer not. Now they're looking for you to bring your business business to them, to them. Shannon Sharp, you own your own podcast club. Shehe over a million followers doing your thing, proud of you, my brother. Keep doing your thing. No doubt you gotta keep doing that, right? You own and operate your business and there's people around you that's working for you. So you are gonna be attracted because you're bringing a business to a potential network, right? To buy, to lease to et cetera, et cetera. They don't wanna just employ people anymore. They don't wanna deal with that overhead, right? They don't wanna deal with the expenses that come with the overhead. They want you to deal with that.


Now, we Pat, pat McAfee, we'll You read it. Pat McAfee the deal. He just signed with ESP. You got so many people hating on him. Shut up. All of y'all. Shut up. Yes. The man had his own business. He, he spent years developing his own business, betting on himself, just like you bet on yourself. Just like I'm betting on myself. Correct. I just started betting on myself because I was hindered contractually. And I had a lot of obstacles to overcome in my career before I could get to this point. Right? Although this was always the vision I had to start late. This is what comes with it. When You know those things, you become a business. And as Jay-Z would say, I'm not a businessman. I'm a business man. And I, and that's what people want to see. I'm gonna get you outta here on this one. Yeah. We both worked with Skip.


Yeah. You worked with him, I think a little longer than I have. Yep. And we both have given him credit for opening up his platform and allowing us to be who we are. And we could grow our own platforms become, as you mentioned earlier, businesses of, of ourselves. What's, what's for the people? I don't know how many people have heard, and I'm gonna follow up after you Sure. Skip. What's, what's he really like, because I think the thing is, if you've never met him, you just see him on television. You say, okay, that's him and who he is Skip's a different beast. I don't, I don't know if you can just describe him in one simple way. You can, you can. This dude's definition of advice is Diet Mountain Dew.


This dude was in the sixties and in the seventies running anywhere for five to eight miles a day, eating the same meals for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Introducing himself to his now wife and their first date. You will never be more important than my job. Get over that from now. Or don't bother. I mean, that's his definition of turning her on, I guess. Right? So I'm like, I, I'm just like that's, he's a different animal. Right. You know, and there are highs and lows that come with him. Correct. He knows that there's highs and lows that come with me. There's highs and lows that come with you and everybody else. Absolutely. And that's the way it goes.


But You know, I'm a man first and it's about a core decency of appreciation. The reality is, is that no matter how problematic, and he can be problematic at times, no matter how problematic he can be, the reality is, is that I wouldn't be where I am today if he didn't give me that opportunity on First Take. And so for me to be where I am and to know that it's spring, it's springboards off of something that he was directly involved in making happen for me to insult him in any way is just disrespectful.


It's wrong. And it's something that I would never do. Now that don't mean I can't disagree with him. Oh, absolutely. That doesn't mean that I can't feel that he's wrong. And anybody like a Jamie Harwick yourself and others who know me have gotten to know me. In your case, You know, I would tell him he's wrong to his face. Right. He knows where I stand, but it doesn't take away my love and appreciation for him and the fact that he will always be a brother from another mother to me. Yeah. So I've always made that clear with everybody. Yeah. It's not often that someone can give you that opportunity. And I, I I, and I've said this several times for me, I cannot let six months ruin six and a half good years. Right.


Because sometimes people are willing to throw everything away. Right. Or one mistake. Right. Or one bad comment or one something like this. Right. And even though that was all we were supposed to get, my sister tells me this all the time. Say Shannon, this was all we're supposed to get. If I, about five months, four months ago, I had Tabitha Brown, She's great. I've interviewed her before. She's fantastic. Stephen A, she had no idea this was going on. So we wrapped the interview and I'm gonna end it on this one and I'm taking out my microphone. She says, is the mics off? I said, well, I'm taking my mic off. You can take yours off. We took our mics off and she leans in close to me. She said, I had a dream last night.


God told me it's gonna be okay and for you to go ahead and do what you need to do. She said, it's gonna be different, but you need to go on your own. Yeah. Now God told me that. She said, now you do what you want to do with it. Right. But God just, she said, and when I get dreams like this and I'm ever in the person's presence, it's my duty to tell them a month later. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm like, and I'm, when she's telling me this, Stephen A you see how you looking at me? I'm looking at her, how You know what's going on. Right. She said, God told me this last night. Yeah. And it's funny that I'm sitting here doing this interview, did this interview with you. And I needed to tell you this.


Once she told me that I was at peace, because I'm racking my brain, I'm like, what did I do? Did I say something? Did I offend somebody? I mean, I just, I, I think I'm doing a great job. She said be at peace with It. Yeah. And that's what I told you You did. That's what I Told you. Because the reality of the situation is, is that, You know, I'm not gonna apologize. Listen, I got a lot of friends over there. Alright. We all know that. I know a lot of people but that don't mean that what happened to you is fair, plain and simple. Okay. That ain't the end of the world. Nope. But it is what it is. Yeah. And so, You know, to me it was just important for us in this industry to stand up and say, yo, he's one of us.


He can't let him go out like this. And that was it for me. It was like, it was just that simple. You can go wherever you want. You wanna come First Take fine, you wanna go somewhere else, fine. 'cause I got my crew here First Take, and I'm not trying to get rid of anybody. Right. You understand what I'm saying? Because I'm not gonna do this forever. And when it's time, when it's my time, it course my time to go Right. And it's time for somebody else to step up. But as long as I'm here, my attitude was going to be, listen, the people that have been a treasure and a tribute to this industry are the people that I'm going to do all that I can to remind folks this is what they do. I don't want to be one of those dudes that I got these platforms First Take and I got my podcast and I'm doing NBA countdown and I got more stuff coming down the line and everything like that.


And all I'm talking about is what I'm doing. It's my job to highlight what everybody else is doing Too. You, you, you one of the few, Stephen A 'cause I know a lot of people that have, could have opportunities to help somebody, but they want to be the only ninja with money. No, I don't want that. And I told you this and I'll tell the audience that I told you this. I said, you might be at First Take for one year. You might be at First Take for years to come. It's my responsibility. And I'm dead serious. It's a heart attack. It's my responsibility to make sure that you are more successful with me than you were before you arrived. That's what you told me. That's my responsibility.


And I'm gonna make sure it happens. Come hell or high water. We ain't going down brother. We only going down. Nah, no. You know I do. That's the way it's going be. You know, that's just the way it's going. Be Goat Man coming. Right, Because See they, You know what I'm saying? Oh man. You know HBCU, it's the takeover. No, I ain't trying to lose. No, we don't. I'm never about that. Anybody that knows me ain't about that. I don't mean no disrespect to nobody. Alright. Y'all heard it, but I, that's him as good as it gets right here. Stephen. A Smith. Oh, Monday, September 4th. No doubt All my life been grinding all my life.


Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice, got the roll of dice, the swat. All my life I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill Bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche. We embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to Good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is an iHeart podcast.