
Yo, what's good it is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland verse, Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen, good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense, they both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both of elite programs. Legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest dealing fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal. Download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary Subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely The Volume.


Alright man, we back at the episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Special, special guest in the building to my left, we're gonna introduce my man's last. This is my far left. We got my dog Bishop be here and out the pearl. He how you what? Nasty. What's Up my boy? Let's get to it man. No Smiths. Listen, I know you've been in a league on seeing shoes your whole life. Have you ever seen the black forces with the white laces? Nah. Nah. Not promoted on the front of the podcast like that either. Nah. Yeah it is the front line soldier shit bro. What you about 13? Yeah. Yeah. All what? I got you bro. I know you from LA You, you ain't signed the Vans are you? Nah, nah, I signed 360 1. Don't worry about it. Oh okay. Yeah I signed Nicks.


The seven 20 deals over here. Want say But you got Mike on there? Yeah, That's my artist over there. Yeah. Seven 20. He's my seven 20 Whatever. He'll give the first 360 he catch on back Real foot Show to my right. My dog Young Nacho Young Tea. Got you. What? I'm chilling bro. What's cool and nasty. Let's Get to it. That's my artist. You a fuck nigga. Five Party production LLC for sure. I see you got the FES on today man. Oh my shout to our mama near Man. One of my favorite shoe stores man. The brand, I love them. They always show love to me. So happy to be able to get a package from 'em.


Always gonna support for sure, for sure. Man. Got the early drop Freaky Mike said they need to tap in. He need his size twelves as well. We gonna get you worked out for that man. Yeah, for sure man. But last but certain, not least man to my left man. 11 year vet man LA's Finest. One of the biggest plays in NBA contract history. We gonna talk about it man. We got Mr. Dan Woody Big do appreciate you pulling up man. Nah, thank you for having me brother. The mayor. Yes sir. I know that the mayor come on. We tap In man. We do our research. Yeah man. Little bit man. For sure. LA's Finest man. First it's, it's March. Mad man, You know Colorado. How's it feel being an alumni in Colorado and y'all turned up for football like that man? Oh no, that shit was hard. Yeah, it it, it brought life to the city. We didn't expect it 'cause when I was there they weren't like two games in a year.


Like they were awful damn For a long time. What year you come out there or go there? Where year did you go in? Went there in 2011. Okay. 11 in 14. So Oh yeah, they was was cool. Yeah, they was still, They won two games. Hell right before Dion got there, didn't they? Yeah, they Lineage was a little bit dirty but Sure. But I couldn't imagine you was killing on campus and they was coming to the same time. That's a hell of a type of recruitment to pull up there. Oh yeah. Nah, we was, we were the team like on campus and stuff. So like when I was there it was basketball school. Damn. That's crazy. What made you choose Colorado? I mean basically like I wanted to go to Pac 12 'cause I really wanted to go to USC but they ain't offer me. So UCLA was kind of like all we just take you and Yeah, I didn't wanna go to Harvard 'cause of basketball, so.


Ah, okay. That's what happened. Who else was recruiting you back then? You, so you from LA right? You were say we talking about high school la Yeah, historic high school. You played HILs in high school? Yeah, Of course. I mean, Larry Drew went to my high school. So he was McDonald's all American. Shout out to Larry Drew. I mean obviously you played all the guys. Drew, DeMar, bj, Brandon Jennings. Sorry, Shout out to Brandon. I, I fought with bj. But You taking high school? Bj? Oh no. High school B was nice. Nice. Okay. You you. Yeah, respect. He was Nice. Nah, I had no hate. I just, I think Virginia, You played with a killer that I know of. I see the clip. Oh, I was talking about earlier them don't Believe the hype.


Deandre Daniels. Oh Yeah, Yeah bro. UConn that's, I was, I couldn't remember his name but I'm like, I remember he was a cold wing. Nah, him, Bryce Jones went to the Pelicans. Yeah bro. Same team. Mm. In high school. Like he went crazy in a U bro. Yeah, I think he was like a top 10 player in the country at the time. Something Like that. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I know what that is On our team, the three of us. He was the best one. Nah for sure. 'cause he was like what, six five? Nah, he was bigger than that. Like six nine. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember that name. I can't remember him. He was cold bro. He was, Yeah. Big. Especially in high school. Did he play a big three last year? I don't know. Nah, maybe I'm, maybe I'm too. Nah bro. Deandre Daniels bro. Almost like a Christian Wood kind of.


Yeah, I got, I gotta look. That's a fact. Christian Wood man. I just remember he used to go on the AAU circuit. He was, he made a name for himself bro. For Sure. I'm I'm look For sure. For sure, For sure. Man. Having that much shot in the high school, it's crazy. So yeah, y'all was definitely getting the looks but you said you wanted stay in the Pac 12. Oh yeah. Nah. Like so I had like most of the PAC 12 offers most of the California school offers. But I really wanted go to USC because that's like where my mom, my brother went and all that and they were the only one that didn't offer me. Damn. That's crazy. It is crazy how that works. 'cause they were ass too. They weren't even good. CLA was the good one. How I get offered the good school and not offered from the bad school. They don't make no sense. Oh well they probably just take you to, because DeMar was what year was DeMar Oh nine Or something like that.


He was gone, You know what I'm saying? He was gone. But I'm just thinking like the guys that came after that And I can't thinking nobody after They were bad. Yeah, I'm stretch. Yeah, that's tough. Yeah, because V was gone too. Yeah. Yeah. That's tough. That's A tough, I mean who else was cold at that time though, in high school with you Did. Was anybody else getting recruited over You? Marcus was called Shout to Mo. You, you Marcus class? Yeah, two 11. I damn was like one 50th in their class. So Yeah. And Davis Gilchrist. Yeah, Marcus, Austin Rivers. Austin Rivers. That's a hella, that's one of the best shit. Carson. Yeah, I'm just saying who cook. Who else is out west? Those is all that's on our side. Jahi. Sorry, Jahi Carson was out west. He Went to Air Arizona State, right?


Yeah. Yeah. Turner, Arizona, Jabari Brown, Oregon. Okay. The zoo. Oh, Why didn't you go to Oregon? They wasn't fucking with you 'cause of that basically. Oh yeah. No I had organ too though. Yeah. Okay. Because the dude, dude was nice to play for Oakland Soldiers. I know who you talking about. Yeah. Yeah. Damn. Damn. Y'all had Brad Bill in that class? I used to go to all them a U Games. Who'd you play a U for? Pump and Run. Pump and Run. Oh yeah, I know. Solid Pump and Run And I a fire program. Solid. I when they had the Lopez twins. Yeah. Yeah we was in school. Yeah. Penalty D two. Damn For the tickets or whatever with shit like Oh Wow. Oh damn. Eight years ago or something like that.


See Dirty game Man up still chilling. Shout to Bill up. The game is the Game. It's a wicked game man Up. Got it bro. Since we Talk about college, You know coming out LA kid, what you think your NIL would've been going to next school? What you think you would've got? My, I don't think my NIL would've been crazy going to Colorado. Okay. After Your Sophomore year in Colorado though? Yeah. Oh it'd been stupid. Do you think even after freshman year, Do you think you would've transferred after your freshman year because you, you had a good freshman year? Yeah, It depends on the bag. That nigga would've went to USC. It cold. It would depend on the bag. Like so I was like runner up to Tony Wroten.


It was cold too. Tony Row. Yeah. And he, he had a much better year so he deserved it. But yeah, I mean they were selling my jersey. They were selling like mustache gear because I ain't had to go tee at the time I that little kid and they was in a mustache gear in the student store, all type of shit. So like, oh yeah, nah. N would've been stupid. Dumb. That's crazy. Like seeing a kid was AJ Banzel getting $7 million? Oh that's crazy. How would that affect you? Like, You know, 'cause you, you, you different to most of us bro. You, you tapped in cryptocurrency, all that. I'm just going we get to that but I'm, yes. How would that affect you as a, You know, a student athlete if they would've liked to offer you $7 million, would that affect your mind going to the league or you'd have been like shit 7 million I'm cool.


I think 'cause I wanted to go to the league. Yeah, I'd have been still driven. I think like that might have changed how I approached like post-injury type vibe. Okay. And I might have got hurt and been Like, You know what? Yeah. Facts. Facts. Before that thought I'd have been like, nah, like I still wanna go to league. Like it's a dream of mine. Like You know how it is when you a kid, like even when you get some hyper whatever, like you so laser focused like yo like I still wanna go to the league. So like all that shit don't really matter. So yeah. You know, but once you get hurt it ain't really working out or whatever. Like my first two years in the league just sitting on the bench watching, I might've been like, ah, I got 10 mil over here. Yeah. Yeah. Ah, I was still broke. Well yeah, yeah.


I mean that's real. That's a fuck real shit. That's how hey people don't know We was just before you came here, we was talking about your rookie year. Yeah. That still broke bro. You And I, they told me my budget was 3000. What was yours a month? Mine? Yeah. It's probably close to like 10. Damn. No No, no. We talking we're not including bills. Oh. Oh. Like for you just to have Oh Probably something like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was damn, damn, what the fuck? Where In Detroit? In Detroit Money shake. You got rent and other stuff you gotta do. We out exclude rent. Oh nah. Like That's how you live.


Just Like, You know, buy some extra clothes, eat, do Whatever. You see how I dress? I was wearing team geared in, I was wearing vans then so it might've even been a little bit less than three to be honest. Okay. Like I was putting, I was thinking about Like You know, rent car, like any other little stuff you gotta do like, but yeah, no, when I got in the league my minimum was 500,000. So like yeah I was back before inflation and LeBron James got a new TV deal so That's a fuck I wasn't getting no money. Yeah. Was that your parents or more so you like giving you the game on how to treat your bread? I mean both. I mean my parents stress like saving and stuff and You know when you don't have like real money like that you don't know. So I don't know they necessarily knew but Like, You know, it was just about like don't blow it.


Yeah. So I was real basic. I mean this is, I've been for real the whole time. Oh that's hard. Nothing wrong with that. They know who you are, you ain't got Sure. That's how I always feel. But nah, Nah, that's true. That's Real shit obviously. Did your thing in Colorado nigga get injured? How's that draft process? Like you talked about it meant a little bit. How was that whole entire process and then actually getting to the a BA accomplishing your dream? Yeah, so I got hurt what? Junior year, middle of junior year to ACL and like whole bunch other stuff. Oh yeah. Nah. So basically the draft was just a whole lot of like beatings and watching. Yeah. You don't do nothing 'cause I couldn't work out. Yeah. So yeah, I met with all the teams like did medical, had like 5,000 MRIs, all the same questions, all the same stuff.


And I knew I probably wasn't going in the first round 'cause it like got hurt. So because I was like edging into the lottery when I was playing and yeah. So I just sat there at home and waited to hear my name called first piece of adversity was, I thought I had a, had a promise a little bit before I ended up getting picked in the second round. And so I fell a couple spots but it wasn't nothing crazy But like what made you go to the like, 'cause or I had a similar thing happening. Not to your extreme. I didn't turn my ACL but I had a grade 3M CL spraying in the draft process. Yeah. So like my dad freaked out like, yo, you gotta go back to school. Yeah. But what made you like, yo, I'm going to the league anyway, So I I didn't know nothing about the league.


Right. And I ain't nobody had went before so I didn't know how much like connections mattered and workouts matter and all that. I was just like, I'm nice, I'm done with school. They gonna draft me somewhere. I'm gonna heal up, I'm gonna be whoever's in front of me and we'll just figure it out. Oh man. I'm not really thinking like, oh 'cause you a second round. They ain't investing you, they're not gonna play you. Yeah. It like I'm not knowing nothing about the business. I'm just like, yeah, I'm ready. I'm not doing this again. 'cause I wanted to leave my sophomore year. My dad told me to go back. Yeah. Because You know I had like That's when I heard of your sophomore year. Yeah. So I had like USA team lined up. Yeah. And me, his nations lined up like all this stuff and they're like


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the EBA player props. New customers BET five bucks and get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the record with Draft King Sports book where every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Yo. What's good it is Jeff C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland v Colorado state game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense, they both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both of elite programs. Legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal count is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


You know when the world gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast. Don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the daily grind. I mean it has a Bose premium sound system, which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world class audio system to just transport you to a better head space. Then there's the murano's massaging, leather appointed seats. Yeah, massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano. You should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hi, this is Jovan your blinds.com design consultant. Oh wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to wow. Mm. I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple. I can even help schedule a professional measurement install. I didn't realize you did that. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with blinds.com. We're on your schedule and there's no haggling pressure or hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming over and I'm thinking of something, Blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com now and save up to 40% Sitewide rules and restrictions may apply.


Oh, you're like maybe lottery late first round pickup, but you'll be like full blown like lottery, maybe even squeaked to round 10 type vibe if you go back. So again, that's not knowing nothing. I, he's like go back. I'm like all right, whatever. So I go back obviously get hurt and so fall. But in my mind I'm like, I just played all these dudes at Adidas nations. I just played 'em all. Like I'm not thinking I'm not gonna come back and man whatever. I'm gonna be good. Like I'm gonna go to the team, I'm gonna be weapons in front of me and I'm gonna play. I'm thinking it's like merit based. Yeah. Nah, nah. This is the business. It's not like business. Yeah, not at all. But I seen you at Adidas Nations. It was just crazy because I used, I was with Adidas so Oh yeah, you worked camp.


I used to go there, shout Jr. Go see all that. So I seen them, I seen the Dame Lillards, I seen them, I seen all these guys. So it was just, it's kind of crazy when I seen you go to the league And I fast forward it. 'cause you went to, obviously you went to Detroit first, but when Kenny Sson. You got with Kenny? Yeah. Kenny's my Kenny was my, that's my guy. Oh that's, yeah. Yeah. That was my guy, guy. So when you got, nevermind just go ahead. No, I'm asking for No because who cares because Kenny was my guy. Guy. So he called me and was like, when you were playing for Kenny, you were having, you had a great year. Yeah. And he was just like, I told him what you told me. And I was like, what's that? And he was like, I'm comfortable with 32. I don't nigga, my life's gonna be straight if I get 32 million.


And he was like, I don't, I was like, I don't need a max deal. Like I'm fine. Like if I can't make my life straight with 32 million, I'm doing something wrong. He was like, I told him that And I don't know if he told you that, but that's what he told me. Yeah that was, that was when I was up for like that. 'cause after leaving Detroit, I signed like the slave deal. The for sure the non guarantee once should triggered that one. And so you're only up for like the second round extension. So like three for 30 or four 40, whatever it was at the time. It's now. And I didn't want the four for 40 because of like layering your years and your contracts. So I was like, oh gimme the three for 30 with a player option. And that's kind of where that conversation came from.


But yeah. Nah, Kenny, without, without my D league coach, Nate Lenzer and Kenny Atkinson, like none of this happens. Yeah. Because I didn't want to, I, I'm my bad for fast forward because I know you went through the Detroit phase and that's like a big part of your journey to me. Yeah. Oh for sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. Like with the Detroit stuff, it was like, it taught me the hardest version of the NBA. So Stan man Gundy's like a Miami Heat disciple for sure. Most definitely. So you got the three hour practices, everything. Taped, taped, shoot arounds, all that stuff. Rookies gotta be there two hours before with newspapers and donuts And you, you practice all the time. You got, I had these things called 99 9 nines after practice where they just put that on a jumble, try and just ran it.


And I just worked out against coaches, full court one-on-one. Just like crazy stuff. Like it's more a test of your will than it is like game improvement. Me playing one-on-one against, You know, ball boys and coaches. Like is it is not for real. I mean come on. For sure. You know what I'm saying? Like so You know, it was all that stuff at the time. Vets got treatment rookies didn't. So You know, I'm fresh off ACL doing all this work, not really getting treatment like that. Things like that. Not a bad way, it's just like the culture of what it Was. Yeah. But that's what set people back. 'cause that's why I loved the battle Atlanta. They didn't, they didn't do that. Yeah. Yeah they didn't. So Detroit was like that. So I learned like the absolute hardest iteration, at least in my mind of the NBA.


So when I got to Brooklyn with Kenny it was love. And then also just from a coaching standpoint, he had told me same like, kind of like my daily coach. They were like, look bro, like you're gonna make mistakes. Like don't worry about it because when you're in the other system and you're thinking like I gotta get the ball to this guy, I gotta be just, I gotta just run the play that was, You know, told to me like I gotta not mess up. You can't play an imperfect game trying not to mess up. You know what I'm saying? You just, you fail every time. So facts with those two they were like, yo, like we believe in you play like do your thing. And then that's when it was kind of a wrap. Is that when you got comfortable in the league though? Oh for sure. I think, I think in my mind it takes about a year and a half of being able to just play to get comfortable in the NBA.


Hmm. I think when you first get in the league or when you first start playing, because the game my first two years, like you can kind of just leave on the side. But let's say year three, I was getting out there like I gotta get to it. Like just trying to like hoop as best I could. Yeah. Halfway through probably my fourth year is when it kind of like slowed down. You're anticipating reads, anticipating coverages. You learn what other teams like to do all that stuff. So I think it, it takes that time period of like actually stacking games. So let's say maybe like a hundred games under your belt. Yeah. Like really playing. You're like, oh okay. Like this is the the NBA style. Hmm. So What vet gave you the game though? Did you have somebody Detroit In terms of Yeah, in terms of taking care of my body.


Joy Anthony. Okay. He was a great vet. Okay. In terms of just like keeping my head up and stuff like that. I would say Koran Butler, Jody Meeks and Greg Monroe. Where the guys G Moose? Yeah. Oh Moose. A moose. My dog Moose Big three teammate. That's my big three teammate. Oh Really? Yeah. Know that name? Moose. Moose? Yeah. That's his Nice. That's his nickname. Ah. Rich Respect. Yeah. Nah, nah. So those are the guys that were like, 'cause we'd do stuff like one-on-ones and things like that. Yeah. Obviously in practice and I'd be killing it. Right. Never playing though. And so they were just like, look bro, or look young fella like you're gonna be all right. It's gonna work out. We see what you're doing in practice. Like you can play at this level. Like it's going, something's gonna happen, something's gonna happen.


And I don't even think I really believed him at the time. I was just sitting there like low key sulking. Yeah. How I'm killing and practicing like, like no minutes. And I think one year I played 12 games and those were all like 30 seconds a piece. Like I wasn't like playing at all. Nah, you just talking about Fucking your stats up. Nah. When you got a NBA moment like that, you like, damn I'm here now I'm ready to really get to it. NA moment for my confidence. Or like just For your confidence and when you felt like, okay, I'm about to really start giving, trying to give niggas 20 a night. Was it when you Oh that Was, that was probably sometime in, in Brooklyn when I, when I started feeling like that. But Yeah, you was choking that motherfucker in Brooklyn.


Yeah. Up. Yeah that was, that was, that was sometime in Brooklyn. I mean but when I felt like, oh okay you'll be all right. Was I had my first start against D Row, I had like 12 in like 10 or something like that. And then I had a game probably like a week later against John Wall afterwards and had like 20, it was like my first 20 point game. Okay. And I was like, oh okay. Like, 'cause those were people you look up to. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So it wasn't just Like, You know, the backups were playing or you went in there and it wasn't a real game or something Like, You know, real games and You know, so play well against them. They gave me confidence like okay you can do it. And then in Brooklyn, I mean I had a run, it had to be probably year four where I was like hitting like game winners and stuff.


Yeah. And I was like, alright, fuck what everybody talking about like it's on now. Yeah. Okay. That was probably it. So Year four. Yeah. Like when we get, when you first get to the league, obviously it's a, it's a, it's a difference. Like you start seeing like, damn I was nice in college but these dudes was crazy. Yeah. And so you kind of embrace that moment. But like when they start picking on you and they do the rookie hazing and they all the little shit that come with being a rookie, did you have a rookie hazing? Did you get your par your car popcorn? Did you get, You know, I had to bring donuts, all that stuff. Yeah I had donuts the newspaper and then they like That's the old ass team. That's what newspapers They like.


Like try to tie me to a chair, throw me an ice tub. God Damn. Yeah. Because I like, I had that level like look I respect all y'all so what do all this? But I'm not hearing it bro. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like if you can't guard me bro, like stop talking to me crazy. Like I don't want hear that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? So there was a level of that. Like they'd say something and be like, bro, what, Who had you want to get newspapers Car Crime had? It's the only person who was born crow Newspapers and notebook with a pen. 'cause he wanted to like occasionally write raps and it was like, bro, Yeah do my boy have bars. We celebrate Quran on here.


Iran, I don't even remember carrying one Of them. Like old school black and white composition joints We had that was cool. I like bro, Like you not rapping for Real. Like why am I, Bars was weak. I'm celebrating this show man. I know that big ass come from the lineage of like Joe Smith. That's one my bets was Joe Smith, Eric, Dan Pier to, I had some old heads. Oh yeah. Yeah. So they popped caught my car though 'cause I wasn't going for nothing Bro. That's what I'm saying. I'm in here like I'm hearing this, I'm not like I, I'll bring the donuts but like bro relax, I brung donuts and they never ate 'em And I kept 'em in my locker And I just kept putting 'em.


But box out there. And finally Josh Smith had a drunk night and the donuts were green. He opened them up. He said man what the fuck Soran My car was popped my car, my car was popcorn. I Ain't gonna lie. So Koran never spent nothing for you bro. Course Bro. Yo, that's crazy. That's crazy. See that's why I See niggas be trying to get deals and keep it clean, be here that when I tap over there nigga's gonna be mad. So y'all gotta pick a side what we Doing but like spit up for him. It's crazy bro. Damn. So rap spit up, spit your game, talk your shit. That ain't no Not, not, not, not double him.


Not not now On Then y'all interviewed a nigga then you, That's the best thing about this show. Be childish as fuck. It is. It is very childish man. We gotta talk about it man. That's when I realized, I was like, Spencer is a real hustler because you trying to get that deal in Bitcoin. I said my boy is a real finesser. Please talk about how you got to that situation man. Alright so the fun, the funny part about that is like it made headlines 'cause of the Bitcoin aspect because like the league threatened to kick me out. That's crazy. Which was a whole nother thing. But really it was a play on blockchain technology. So give a 32nd blockchain technology is about like micro transactions, being able to send stuff peer to peer, like adding liquidity to whatever system it is.


So I was trying to decentralize sports contracts. All this betting that we see and everything that's going on now was trying to do that shit back in, what was it, 2017 or something like that. So it was a play on opening up like the sports contract world and they were like, nah champ, it's through we gonna kick you out the league. So that I had to like redo it in a bunch of different ways to like be compliant with the NBA. 'cause You know, I, I love my job. Thank you guys. Shout Out to the NBA Shout out to the NBA facts. I'm saying whatnot. But yeah, I mean that, that's really what it was about. And so it became far more Bitcoin centric because that's kind of what they were going to allow versus the overall business of what I was trying to do.


'cause I mean as you see with gambling and the parlays and everything going on with FanDuel and DraftKings and all that right now I wanted to, You know, slide my little business idea in there, maybe get bought out. They make $10 billion. I make one. Yeah. And I'm like man it's all good. I'm partner with the league. And they were like, nah, Nah wait that was so David Stern, right? Nah. Well David Stern when he said, when he, when I read about it I said oh he a mad genius. I said he hooking up. I said he on his way out. That's why I said that fire. I said that about to be him. I said he a mad genius. I swear. I said he is a mad genius. I said he barely leave them alone.


'cause he thinking, he thinking 10 steps ahead. They don't, you got 34 million. I bet he knows Don Don't worry about it. You know billion. Yeah he was a mad genius. He was about to be junior bridgeman. Yeah. I say he was a mad genius. They would've, they wasn't allowing him to be a mad genius. Like it's the NBAI still love the NBA. Listen I can't wait to go to J Cole's party and what's it called? Dreamville. I'll be there shout to the NBA hold. But I was like he's shout off for the N nba, I'm gonna Dreamville on the NBI just wanted to special board. The Lord gonna bless you one day. But he, but to think like, because that's the moment when I was like, yo, he different.


'cause me, I was just like, hey, I ain't give a fuck about none of that. I got the bread, blah da da. But him to think like that I was like, oh he different. He probably gonna do something. So even that and for you making your own shoe. Yeah. Yeah. And I remember seeing you on the court and I'm like, this nigga really got his own shoe. Like he really got his own shoe. Yeah. And now to see that and like to do that and then like see guys like Jalen Brown, You know that's Sexy. Yeah. So that's that. That's something that I guess in the history books I probably won't get much credit for but like yeah now, now it's sexy. I'm happy Jalen Brown's doing what he Doing. Nah, I'm gonna give you your, oh, so y'all not gonna pause him? Nah, I mean yeah that sexy Now sexy to have you old shit.


He said he said sexy shit but, but I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna Lie. He say that bitch you ain't getting no pass on this book nigga. When now I ain't gonna lie. When you first did it, I was like, because they kind of looked like Kobe's a little bit. Yeah. And I was like, I was like, he like Kobe like when I first seen, but you probably remember I asked for some of them. I said yo, can I get some of 'em was like big as nigga. Yeah. I asked you. I did. I was like, yo, can I get some of his shoes, Brooklyn Ball Boys. I was like, yo, tell the dude I want some shoes. They was like, yo, he don't give them out. I was like damn. I was like, he stingy With the i I don't know why they, They said nah, he don't be giving them out. I was like, for real? I was like, them shit's weak Now it's more expensive.


I like Yo Trade Y Bought y'all, I bought the Zo. You did? Yeah. I ain't never got em LaVar, I'm still waiting for my triple B. I spent 500 of them didn't buy. But then I seen your, I'm like bro, he really, you in the game? He really got his own shoes. Yeah. And I'm like, that's hard. Like, and I'm like, yo, tell bro I want some of his shoes. They like Yeah he don't give 'em out. What made you do that though? So basically again, like kind of entrepreneur mindset. I'm against second round pick all sudden stuff. Nike wanted to gimme like a $50,000 merch deal. Ooh. And I was just like, but no, not $50,000. Just a little account merch.


If You know anything about that, your family Fly Through that thing before you even get it For sure. Too months. So yeah, that's a, yeah I might as well not even have it. Yeah. So I'm sitting there like, yeah what it be like to, You know what I'm saying? Have my own shoe, blah blah. And like I used to draw shoes as a kid so it was Like, You know, crown but doing his raps, I'm drawing shoes, just killing time. And I was like, lemme try it. And so it's, it's both harder and not as hard as you think if you have like a template to build off of, which was a Kobe. And so Kobe's my favorite player. I wore Kobe's all the time. And so that's kind of how my shoe was constructed. And then it turned to a business basically, which then 360 1, which is basically almost, I mean you got probably like three major brands in China's leaning an 360 1 for sure.


And so then they bought me out And I, my signature went up under them. And so, You know, now I've had a signature with them for three years and going forward with that. So it ended up working because You know, that path took me to them. Not only did I make a little bit of money doing my own shoe, but then You know, when you're shown you can do it and they buy you out and all that stuff become partners, everything. They pay you for all that. So it turned into a whole different type of deal then obviously Like, You know, You know how it is with like Nike And I like ain't ain't nobody getting no real money off of Nike unless you are the, the that that guy 1, 2, 3. Yeah you gotta be bro, You know kd, Kyrie, those guys other than that like you not making no real money off them, But 360 1 they got, I got some players on that.


Oh yeah, definitely because we Just got yoic. So now Yeah, I was like when yo came over. Yeah it is lit. I think Aren go might be there. Aren Go was first. Yeah, then it was me. Yep. Then now they got yo, so it's, it is probably going, it's gonna be a thing. Is that just a on the court shoe or off the court shoe? I mean they, They got some Joint they would say off the court too, but I'm not really a Are you gonna wear with some jeans Basketball off the court type Guy? You know, I really think the only, I think the only basketball shoes you can get away with off the court is probably Jays bro. Like nobody's really wearing Kobe's or bronze or Anything that's Fat's. Like don't wear the bronze to the club. Let, Let's be real. Like I know they say you can and Like, You know maybe bro dis some promo for that or hard and dis some promo for that. But like nobody doing that bro.


That's, fuck it's Jays, you got designers, chucks vans like in terms of American culture off the court. Yeah, That's that's what I just, I wear 360 1 off the court. If y'all come, just call me. Y'all know I am. Y'all know how I we We gonna get, You know how I I wear, I wear a lot of shoes. Yeah I wear stuff. Pull 'em up Mike. Is that them right There? That's, yeah, that's last year's. Those are the twos. Okay. DVD two. Huh? I'm wearing it. I think it drops in like I think it was supposed to drop. So can we get some threes man? Okay, some threes man we wear 'em on the show. That's, I'm talking About Sprint And I hop in 'em. Matter of fact I hoop all the time still. There We Go. I hooped in, I hooped in Anta.


I hoop in some hard nines and some nines. Right Sir? I just hoop in some hard nines. Shout out to the family. Shout to the, these family I hooped in the deer and Fox. Shout out to the family play in Under Armour. All the Guys get y'all right? Yeah. Y Got sweat suits and Shit. We got all that. Yeah. Alright, Cool bro. Two x Only reason got this song. That's it. Okay. Alright. Just get me a large two x is crazy. Y'all funny bro. That's hard though. That is hard. I fuck with you. I fuck with them too. Matter of fact, I want that color way look that Apple green is fired.


Alright, we'll shop off camera for sure next episode. Yeah, I got you. Listen man, hell of a career. You've been around for a lot of different stuff. I gotta ask you most recently, we're gonna fast forward a little bit. Where were you at when you found out that Luca Dodgers was no longer your teammate? Yeah, That is crazy bro. So lemme lemme tell you like, And I don't think anybody would disagree with this going into the season. You, you would've thought he was untouchable, right? Yes sir. So win B and Aunt Edwards and probably Tatum and l and You know, those type of guys. But it was, it was just crazy because You know, we had an early game against Cleveland the next day. So I went to sleep early. You know how like on a normal game that you might be up 12 one whatever you, because you gotta be up to eight or nine so you still getting your 6, 7, 8 hours, whatever.


But we had to be up early. We were playing at like two or something like that. So I probably went to bed at like 11 or maybe even a little bit earlier than that. So when I woke up, I knew it was a problem or not a problem, but I knew it was something went on because I had like other NBA player missed calls like, like Zach Levine, dlo, like people like, so I, I open up my phone like why I got like three missed calls from dlo, why I got like a couple missed calls from Zach, like the hell going on. Like I saw my agent but like whatever, calling for whatever you calling for. And then I went to my messages and that's when, You know what I'm saying, it set in. So yeah, I mean everybody was just shocked bro. Like I don't think there's any other way to put it Like, You know, both l and ad my friends.


So it's kind of like yeah, You know, it sucks that they're also acting like ad ain't probably a top five power for at all time. So like yeah, talk about it. A bag of chips or something, which is crazy but I, I just think anybody that said they could have thought it was gonna happen or predicted it or that that's a lie. Like everybody was, everybody was shocked. Yeah. Nah, that's one of the moments where everybody remembers where they were when that shit happened. That was like a monumental NBA moment that's going down in NBA history for sure is one of the most shocking moments in NBA history for sure. The fact that it was not that locker, it's not like I know everybody got Hurt this Year. Yeah. And I mean y'all, everybody's hurt. Oh it's insane. Yeah. Yeah. It is crazy. We almost forfeited a game or something like that.


Yeah, That's what the report said. I don't know the rules but that's what they said. They said we, we almost forfeited. Damn it is crazy. Everybody got hurt. But when you look back at that trade, it, it is not a it is Luca is great man, he's amazing, but it, it is not as bad as it looks. No, no that's what I said, like 80 a top five pound forward all time. Yeah. Top 75 for sure. You know what I'm saying? Top 75. And if you look at what he was able to do in conjunction with like gaff and stuff in the rocket game, one game they played, they played the first half, I think the rocket scored 38 points Maybe. Yeah. Nah, they, it was looking Good. It was. And and the Rockets obviously what second in the West, something like that. They hooping, they doing well.


Like, and that trio of PJ ad and gaff, it was just, there was nowhere to go. So, You know, that was, that was exciting to see. I got, I understood what was going on. I mean it still was a shocking trait. I understood it, but it wasn't like, like damn, they ain't get nothing back. Yeah. That, that's, that was the Thing. Like, and like I said, they both my friends and l to me is probably the best offensive player in the NBA right now. Of course. You know what I'm saying? Of course. And but AD might be the best two-way player. Probably him and Giannis, right? Like, so it's not like Yes sir. You know, it's, it's, it's, it's a tough position to be in. Like I said, the only thing that that sucks is that they acting like 80 Abu.


That's, that's the crazy part. Like yeah you can feel how you feel about the trade win lose better for now, better for future, whatever it may be. But like we gotta stop acting like ad ain't ad


Yo what's good It is Gyp C from Club five 20 podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greedy teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat cops, new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method to send the money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


You know when the world gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast, don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well, that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the daily grind. I mean, it has a Bose premium sound system, which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world class audio system to just transport you to a better head space. Then there's the murano's massaging, leather appointed seats. Yeah, massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano. You should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bows and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hi, this is Jovan your blinds.com design consultant. Oh wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to Wow. Mm. I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple. I can even help schedule a professional measurement install. I didn't realize you did that. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean, I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with blinds.com. We're on your schedule and there's no haggling pressure or hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming over and I'm thinking of something. Blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com now and save up to 40% Sitewide rules and restrictions may apply.


Ok, we gotta stop. Yeah, that's disrespectful. That's Anthony Davis, bro. Yeah, like we got, we got, we gotta stop that. Well, we talking about good guards now, now, now we talking about language. Yeah. You said Luca the best offensive guard. Yeah. You think Luca bag is deeper than Shay. Shay or Aunt Edwards. You guarded. You guard all these Yeah. And you a bigger guard And you one of the best isolation guards in the league. Yes. And I know that. I know that. I know that. Listen, listen. Can I tell people this all the time? I think this year right now I'm like top 15, but every other year I've been like top 10. Yeah, I know. Don't I've been like one, two or three.


No, go shit. Listen, I don't. I know, I know. I'm tapped in like, like it'd be years where like, and I'd be catching hella heat on like social media and shit because they'll look at like the rankings and it'll be like kd Jimmy Spence and then like the other guys would be like, Tatum. Yeah. Shit. Yeah. Yeah. They'd be like, how the hell you in there. Why you in there something bro? Like nah, that between the legs hesitation. He's going, I, I know it. Draw the foul. I'm there. I I'm there. I'm locked in. I know you. I know it. Hey. But nah, I would say bag between those three. You guard all three. Who? The toughest cover.


Toughest cover for me. Chase Max. No, no. So, so here's the deal. I think I, I think styles make fights facts. Okay. Like for example, somebody that I hate that won't be in that list, Darius Garland shout. He just, he just so much just jittery shit that tell I'm like bro, relax and end my career shout D like yeah like I'm like bro like, like stop, stop moving so much. Shaa likes to get to that like big shoulder bump to the midi which for me is a little bit easier than like, like I said, there's gone or something like that because I can kind of pause if necessary absorb that contact and like still kind of play him.


I like the Guy. Okay. But he got a crazy whistle though. So like you'll fuck around foul out too. Superstar whistle for sure. That's tough. Superstar El got post game but Ant right now with the way he's shooting a three an as explosive as he is like that's tough cover too. So yeah. You gonna sleep early for Ant? Yeah, I mean all they all nice though. It's, it's tough like, yeah to be honest, like Shay's bag with pivots and stuff like that in terms of what we think of as guards, it's probably a little bit deeper than theirs. But t's got the explosiveness and once you add the post game it changes that conversation with L. Because You know you put a small guy on L like he's really walking you to the block Christmas like Shay's bump fade off the block is, that's more like iso two man game.


Like yeah Luca really bury you. Like he'll just walk you down, walk you down, walk you down, push shot, Put Your feet, You know what I'm saying? Like They, they all self covers. They all to me are elite guards and obviously they all in the MVP conversation every year, whatever they've been these last couple of years. But I, I know you and like seeing you compete against them And you were a bigger guard to me but you 6 5, 6 6. I'm six one. I used to be like this motherfucker tall as shit And you are a lot taller, tall. Yeah, I'm like he tall as shit. So I remember I was on a pacers And you was playing for Brooklyn and the point guard was Isaiah Whitehead started At Brooklyn White. Yes. I swear. And people that know me, I talk shit all day so I'm talking shit to Kenny.


I'm like you gotta get this motherfucker outta here, he can't play. I'm like he can't play and Kenny like y'all shut the fuck up and then you sub in and Kenny, I'm y'all shooting a free throw. I walked to this. I'm like yo he can't play. He was like, this motherfucker can and he point he pointed at Spence and I'm like, I'm like what? He won't even play him. He was like, he's gonna be starting from here on out. I tell you that watch, I'm telling you six six, huh? Me and him are having a conversation in the middle of the game and then I seen it, it fast forward. I'm like damn this motherfucker about to get paid. Kenny, Kenny seen something And you came off the bench and it was just Brook Lopez shooting threes and all this shit.


Then you came And you started starting And you had your run. But Kenny called that shit out. I remember that game. Isaiah Whitehead was starting And you came in and he called that shit. Oh you a bucket? For Sure. Oh man, I appreciate you Kenny man. Yeah. Love you dog. Yeah, Kenny, you real one for Sure Man. The blueprints real with him. You look at all we talking about Ty Jerome right now, like his impact on guards is is proven for sure. That's a fact. Even like Dlo. Yeah he got with Kenny. It was just For sure. I think like the other thing too is like when, when Kenny was younger he used to hoop with you. You used to really like be in the church so you felt like he had your back in a sense. Like he gonna do the workout with you type of vibe. Like sometimes it was crazy and he got hurt doing it. Yeah. To quad one time doing that shit. But damn. Oh yeah. And I was not Kenny to isolate Jared Allen when we was all kids basically back in Brooklyn to his shit Kenny Outta ball Kenny One.


Allen tried to really like Kobe clear out like to play Kenny. I used to play Kenny every day but he used to play with no shoes. Oh, Kenny From, oh no, he used to play barefoot. Excuse me. I swear to God he played Kenny American. He played overseas for a long time. He went to Richmond. Oh okay. But he, he used to play barefoot. Like I come in, he would be barefoot. I Kenny where That came from. Yeah. And then you do your drills, he would guard you the whole drill. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But he used to play barefoot three on three with us everything and he got the lemon pepper step. But that boy out there hooping with no socks on. Kenny was that boy Got the real Grip. I ain't gonna lie. He took me god's, I was right. I was right here. I was just a, I was just making it a league. I was starting, I got with Kenny made do all start seeing Kenny left, start cruising again.


Flynn niggas that are in the NBA one on one on the hardwood floor. Nah, he, he's barefoot, he's different Bro. I swear to my right-handed guy y'all ever meet Kenny asked me, y'all could ask me. He used to play with no shoes. Damn. I didn't know that. I didn't see that. I Swear to God. But yeah, nah, he swear to God he, he be in the far hole with you And you don't understand how much like situation, a coach's belief, all that stuff. Like it matters because there's only so many people that can go to the front office and be like, oh nah this is what we're gonna do. I don't care what the coach says, like blah blah Like, and that's like if you're Under that superstar tier bro and the coach says like, nah we're gonna play this way, then that's the way you playing. Yeah. Whether that's to your strength, whether it's not, you might be out there looking ass even though you got a specific strength.


But if he tell you to do it, you gotta try to do it. So That's right. For sure. I roll Kenny, that's why I'm happy for what they doing in Cleveland. You having a hell of a year And you see all them guys thriving. Even the guys come off the bench have moments. I'm a, I'm a big advocate for Kenny Atkinson. That's one of my favorite coaches I ever played for for sure. You coming up under Kenny, could you see yourself coaching one day or taking one of them type of roles in the league? Hooping against the young niggas? Barefoot. I Mean Since say for sure. Whoa. Not that for me. I mean I could see if like, 'cause Dallas's got a real good like family kind of atmosphere. I think You know Cuban really tried to, or Mc sorry, really tried to establish that.


I think it's carrying over obviously with a lot of former players like Tyson, Chandler, Sean, Marion, like still employed by Mike Finley. Yeah, Mike Finley. Like if, if it was a situation where I was like almost a practice player but getting like a just a small assistant coach out you not, not nothing crazy but like practice player. I come in on on your home games but I don't gotta travel like all that. Like I could do that but for sure the passion of really being like a head coach and all that. That's so serious. Ain't Sham got over there over with y'all? Yeah. Yeah. But Sham a real coach though. Like he travels, he doing all the stuff like locked in. I'm like a, I want to come in. I'm Tyson Chandler. Yeah, Tyson Chandler right now he's at every home game. All the home practices. He don't travel.


Like I could do that. Like practice with the players, stay in shape. Yeah. Be a og. Give wisdom. But then like when y'all leave And I see y I get, I see Y they I'm not Going to Indiana. What Kind of game you from C? Ain't no, I feel you. That's where we're right now. I feel you. I feel you Spencer pulled up to that talk. That's crazy Spencer. We love you anyway bro. Not at all. I just, that's we at, I feel you. But I want, one thing I'll say about the mad is B here could attest, hey they take care of that people. Boy listen, we went last year. Aint gonna bring that up man. Yeah, I'm some the hospitality bro. We can that food bank for the friends and family was piff. Yeah, yeah. It was not what the patient Had. Nah, y'all eat, y'all eat good. You know what I'm saying?


Arrb, he just, he chose to get a A wa go hot dog. Yeah, yeah. He travels. Oh yeah he eats hot, hot dog contest, all that type of shit. He went For the he he for the, he's ay monster. He's a Zy monster. They said they had lobster. Lobster. Well they had a lobster steak, shrimp, fire rib. They took care Of us. He went to the WA go station And got a and got a Gizzy. Yeah he, Mike freaky Mike went got a gizzy added lobster steak and shrimp. You know it's different when you eat with white people. They say you try to gz around they Oh wow.


They say oh wow the ad. Crazy embarrassing us all the way in Dallas. That's Funny. Shout out to the bass first class organization for sure. For sure, for Sure. Oh be listen, obviously this has been an up and down year for y'all, but I want to ask you, I know you are tapping into the, to the social medias, but you're liker teacher, I don't wanna talk about too much about it, but how was that like playing for that organization and then like being on the internet at the same time? Oh, I mean just 'cause I'm from LA you kind of understand going there what it's gonna be. So I didn't go in there expecting like for it to be something different.


Like okay. Because the way I got there, obviously with the whole like Brooklyn thing and all the, yeah shit that went on that way. And then picking a, a team in, in the buyout market, You know for Dallas they, they had Dallas and Lake kinda had a similar year. Like nobody knew Dallas was gonna take off like the PJ and Gaff additions like, like changed the whole trajectory. You know what saying most definitely and the way they jeed and all that stuff. So You know, credit to them making the finals with the Lakers. Like I knew okay Delos there ar is there LeBron ad. So it's not like I'm gonna come in there and average 20 Like You know that going in there and for the fan base Like, You know it's win or you ask like there's, there's no straight up in between.


Like certain fan base are like, oh you tried hard. You know what I'm saying? They're like win or you suck. So, And I went there there knowing that. So it wasn't as bad as like for me for some people. Okay. I was mad at you man For not gonna Dallas. I Said he should, he gotta go to Dallas 'cause you just had a phenomenal Yeah, you just showed. I'm like he know them. Yeah He just killed there. Yeah, he gotta go back there. Yeah. And when you went to LA I said he gotta go to Dallas. You said it on here too about too. I did, I said he supposed to go to Dallas. Nah, hi. Hindsight. Yeah, I mean obviously with the finals run and, and up back here this year and all that stuff, like for sure would've been great and possibly would've.


It's Hard. It's hard to turn down LA Bro. It is you. Yeah. Like it is, You know, you, you And you from there and like all that stuff like it is, and like I said, at the time both teams were kind of in like the middle slash lower end, lower end of the playoff race of the western conference. Like nobody knew because I think they went like 18 and two at one point. Like nobody saw that they Ball, they was balling. They, They when the, when the switch clicked or however you wanna say it like that took off. Yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? So I don't regret it but obviously Like You know, who wouldn't wanna go to the finals that's after already being at the conference finals. So You know, it is what it is.


Nah, for sure. So it's definitely, I gotta ask man, some of the practice you've probably seen, you got two of the most skilled basketball players ever between Luke and Kyrie. What's it like just to see them up close every day? Obviously we know you Kobe, but just to see them like just hoop on a consistent basis. What's that? Is that like motivating? Is everybody buying that you see like everybody am on teams is like, I really fuck with basketball for real. You don't see that a lot. Yeah, I, I think, I think the difference with like Kyrie and any other like player that I've been around, like the, again, maybe pause if needed, but like the way he moves is like, it's like artistic in a sense, You know what I'm saying? Yeah, God. So it's just, it's a very different like eye test, right?


Like some people are explosive, some people are, You know, this or that. Dominic can shoot it well whatever, like been around a lot of greats. Like even the kds, luas, LeBron even like it's just the way he does it is more appealing to look at. If that makes sense. Yeah. Lucas is dominant Like, You know he can run off 10 threes, he can post you up. He, he can get to the dark fade and the midi he got everything and then his passing is sensational too. So You know, I mean there there's nothing you can't say about about L. Right. But I just think like the eye test from just like a, like how it looks, they probably, him and Paul George probably got the most appealing games to look at.


Hmm Hmm. Nah Paul George is amazing. You talk about all the youngsters, they always say who I wanna play like Paul George when I play, like when I used to watch him on practice And we played in Indiana, I used just be like he cold. Yeah. Like used to say that all the time. I'm like he cold bro. Legendary crossover. Snatch back bro. Look poetic. He was cold. Only game I seen that was better than him in practice was Derrick like when you seen D Rose it was just like, man, what the hell is something ain't right bro? How are you moving this fat? You done? Toya even did it. People saying you sad, you done fell And you didn't fail And you still just doing shit. That's unbelievable. But I couldn't imagine Kyrie, You know, guard him.


I, at one point in my career I guarded Kyrie more than anybody in the NBA. Really? That's A fact Bro. That's fact. Which is crazy. And I, I have, I guarded him more than anybody else. So I've experienced it was islands. Yeah. And like his shot making a Billy was always a thing for me. Like I remember one game, we played Indiana, I guarded, I literally guarded for 18 seconds. I remember watching a clip when I came back And I was guarding my ass off. And to know Kyrie he can go left and do all that shit. Oh yeah. But he prefers to go. Right, right. That's his preferred hand. He can go left. We know that. But I was forcing left And I was on his shit and somehow he got back to that. Right. Anyway and he hit a fallout fade away. Nobody Helped me. Mind you.


Yeah. When he went from the left side of the court all the way to the right side of the court, he shot a fade away and hit it. I never got any help And after the game I watched the clip And I was just like, that was great defense. What the fuck am I supposed to do? And mind you, that game he had 37 points. Damn. But all his shots Were just like in my face And I was like, I can't guard no better so I might as well just stop. I'm not lying bro. Yo, the Fuck you doing on sta you on the stat. Are we on our Show or he just serving everybody He gave me. I'm not, he Dead. I'm not gonna lie. I guard him the most like shit he was averaging 28.


Oh yeah. So he had, he had a lot of, how many times did he get 43? Four. Oh okay. Damn. Hold on. First of all, shit that, that's when he first went to Brooklyn. I know that game. Oh That was the Minnesota game? Yeah I was, I wonder if that's that clip? Yeah. Yeah He fell when he Fell and tried to cross Arms made it. I don't know what he got against Me. I don't know why he was like that on me bro. So thirsty to be an an athlete. You know what, go through Soldier And I, I hooked KY today. I'm not time He, Yeah I, he probably didn't play.


That's a dp. He probably didn't play put that he had 20 every year, Every day. Them putting a 0.0 you he didn't play is crazy. Damn. We had 20 points every year. That nigga can't even guard me on the bench. Y'all first game ever. He had 19. Yeah, I locked him up. That guy, I remember he was a rookie. Said I was. I told After the game said you gonna be, Lemme tell I told Her you gonna be a good player kid. You're luck. I did. Nah you gonna be good Beat. We beat the shit outta him. We probably beat him by 30. Oh so you I'm like you gonna be good. But he knew he Was Unreal then. But I called y'all. Yeah. Oh Gotti did. That's a fact. A conversation. I said yo, he gonna be the best yo. He's one of the hardest players I ever to guard. You gonna be one coach the NB.


But I said you gonna be good kid. Keep working. Next thing You know he ain't score under 20. What the mike, fuck you. Hey your memory's amazing bro. The stories you tell is crazy. I don't know. Appreciate that. What'd I do? 14 Mike. I didn't play a lot. We've blown him out. Only 14 scratch. I didn't How many minutes? How many minutes? Oh we didn't play a lot. 27. Oh yeah, that's, that's five minutes. I didn't get the fourth quarter Played. That's half game One time And you aint got 12. What game was that? He had to be with LeBron. Yeah, he was. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. It was a tough night. Tough night. That nigga played. How many Motherfucker I Playing?


44 minutes. That's the whole game. Y'all gonna say Boy you did not sub at all. You playing Fort nigga. Yeah. I don't know what game that was because I aint never played 44, 29. Yeah, he had a good night. He shot more than me. Clearly. Did I ever have a good game? Did I have a good game against him? Yeah. Okay, let, let's 34. Okay cool. In a game winner. I, matter of fact, yeah I hit the game winner. Really? On Tristan? Yeah it is. Okay, cool. What's The high, actually what's, what's your high 40? I was like, yeah he On who? The Spurs, Deante and Dwight. Wow. Who pull it up? 3, 6, 1 Time. What the fuck? What year was that? Hold on. Load up the Drake.


You gave us 36. I didn't know that. Where was I at? So you gave 40 Deonte. That's a, that's a tough one. Getting 40 on the Spurs. Yeah, I remember that because DD White's my guy. Yeah. Colorado. Colorado. That's Okay. But getting 40 on the Spurs. Crazy, crazy. The game That's hell where I was two. Oh. I mean we weren't together. I know what I'm saying but that's, that's crazy for sure. The type of players y'all are. Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah. But I can believe he gave us 36. I remember a couple games you had really good games on us And I just used to laugh like, 'cause I just remember Kenny Guess Minnesota. Oh shit. Yeah. I ain't give a fuck.


Was I playing 19? Oh yeah it was dark. That was Your first year wasn't It 19? Nah, he was, nah, I was, I was all the way up. Was That was last year? I was, that was before double zero return. Yeah I was out there. I probably was like killed. I probably like keep killing ball. Go crazy spit. Yeah, he had a game. Boy. That's a good game Lee. That's a good game. That's yeah. Shit. Yeah. 36, 8 and five. Dude, you filled the sheet up. Shit. Shout to my boy. Matter of fact wrote a clipse when we we do the video. Wrote a DRE YouTube out. Yeah. That that Gonna be a hell. Hella Real. Make sure I wasn't in none of Those. Just do no, no, no. Just do a, a Kyrie compilation for So hold on.


Nickname. Gimme 40. Y'all got fucked. Hey shout. Hey lets, Hey go ahead. Keep going man. I appreciate that. I'll take it. False. 36 was Spence 40 Kyrie? Nah, that's the luck. I never say I was a defensive player. I've never once voiced that. We going, you gonna make Jeff clip up the, the flagger fouls. I, I dunno why I thought he was small though. I didn't know he was six six Bro. Nah, nah. He tall. You this what? Damn man he got on some vests. That nigga tall. For real? Yeah. Yeah. This ain't, this is real legit. Nah. Yeah. Ain't I'm six one. What should, yeah, now listen, we started off this episode talking about how you were saving money. Obviously You know you're financially intelligent but when you first got the bag you was real comfortable with, what was your crazy purchase?


Well, I waited to the end of my rookie year And I got a Tesla. Okay. So that was at the very end basically going into my second year. That was it. Other than that you keep it simple. Nah, yeah. I mean bro, I didn't have no money. I ain't had no money. For real. Were were you living in LA still or? Yeah, but like, shoot, my first year I went back to my parents' house. My second year had like a, actually I might went back to my parents house my second year. In my third year. I think I had like one of little apartments in Beverly Hills, but it wasn't like one of 'em crazy penthouse. It wasn't none of that. It was like real regular. I moved with my parents my eighth year. Yeah. You said you moved in or moved out?


Well, I moved in with my parents. Oh, But you went back here though, right? Yeah, Moved right on my bracelet. That was a different, yeah, that's A different, that's a different Situation. He trying to have, he's still trying to live like Michael Orr. Like he can tell him why he didn't Have to. I hate, You know, took my house Basically. So when I moved back Oh, so you they rented out their house? My home, yeah. I was a guest in my home and they literally took over my bedroom and they like, I came in there with my teeth. Everything was different. My bed was in the basement And I just, I worked it out for that year. How was that living at home with your parents though bro? In the league? Like did you have to come in the house before a certain time?


Nah, I ain't gonna lie to you at that time. 'cause you gotta remember I'm like, what, 21? Something like that. So I'm not like oh old. They're like, hey could you, You know, check in when you're gonna Yeah. All that shit. Yeah, no they were like that. 'cause my parents are like old school, strict facts and all that stuff. So they were saying all that And I was like, eh. Yeah, I would've went right back to Detroit. No, I remember I came and stayed in my house my rookie year, my mom and dad house. I came home for my birthday weekend. I came home at four and my mom was like, whoa. Like we not doing that. Damn. And I said, I'm going back because I'm doing that Like, You know my life mom, I live in Atlanta. The club start To one. Oh yeah.


Nah, you, you had it rolling. Yeah, I'm, I'm in Detroit, bro. Yeah, I mean Detroit, I Had Nah, nah. 'cause you think in Detroit, Detroit I was out in Auburn Hills Was different at the Palace at Auburn Hills. Yeah, that was, but what we used to be at Birmingham. Yeah, it was, was decent. I was like 30 man drive, bro. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Respect. I just, I don't know. Just you being in the league and yo daddy saying, hey my nigga, you wild. Like, like they they kept it cool though. Yeah. I mean it was subtle. It wasn't like, nah you can't do it. It was like, hey, You know like tap in, can you chill? Like let us know. And I was just like, they Just were they just parents? Yeah. Ain't ain nothing wrong with Cool. Plus like I said, bro, I was broke. I didn't even get a first round like million. No, it was like 500,000 bro.


So like after taxes two 50, after you spend your monthly, you got maybe a hundred grand. Yeah, 50 grand. So I'm like whatever. It was like, bro, you're not in a rush to be like, oh, I'm gonna spend five, 6,000 on an apartment for a couple months and that a hundred turned into 80. Okay. But when you got that, that bag from Brooklyn, everybody gets something. I mean I like watches And I like that. Yeah. Turned up. See, don't look, Don't Have to look fool yet. Yeah, because I, what These niggas do, I got, I Got, I got a couple things. Like I got like the, the Panther and the Spider-Man like the aps. So Look at him.


Look at him. He a watch guy. Yeah. I ain't never bought nothing. Oh really? I bought a house. You did? That's all. Oh. I didn't, I didn't buy my, my crib in LA till, till my second deal. That's when I got that one. There we go. Yeah. Nah, you did it smart. I yeah smart man. I, I, I housed up immediately. I was ready to be a and p It was worth it. I Was ready, I was ready to have it going And I was Ready. I was live friends. Yeah. The real content House. I was ready to get the content rolling before the par. Yeah. Facts. Facts. I was API was ready to throw the party, pull parties going crazy. Yeah. I was lit. But other than that, I ain't bought nothing. I still ain't bought nothing. I still need to buy a watch.


Oh yeah, you gotta do that. Yeah, I, I'm free. I haven't bought a watch ever. I'm surprised by that. Yeah. I gotta do something. You gotta copy rally off the strap. Oh For sure. For sure. They do. My my wife's my wife's wedding ring. Fuck. They might like me cost enough for sure. Listen man, we know you got plenty of things to do man. We appreciate you sliding man. Telling people where they can grab the kicks at man to support baby. I think it's 360 1 UAI Say think no I don't know the website A not Hong Kong. Listen. No, no, no. Hey listen, they the best part ever. Basically you put on film. I just dunno the exact website 'cause it's like three different websites.


That's why. Here We go. That's I'm saying they got like three different websites bro Com and shout to Spence man we, hey it been a great time man. Man. And I ain't gonna lie. Now we put him on, we going need our shoes. Yeah I Got, yeah because we gonna treat you like the the three B company bro. Lamar Ball and them. We gonna treat you like them. Our Shoes gonna come. We definitely gonna shout It out. Triple B look, it's official. They right there bro. It's not even in my control. Well to my people y'all shoes. Niggas say talk my people Y y'all shoes in my control. I'm talking about the website. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I saying pictures, omission.


Fuck we be out here. We in the club. Y'all should be my control. I'm saying for sure man. Thank you though. Appreciate. We'll be Out next time. Like share, subscribe. I good stuff will be back. Club five 20, The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary Subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Okay, so we all need to get away from the world. Sometimes. Well in the all new 2025 Nissan Murano, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. Just picture it. The Bose premium sound system plays your favorite music as the murano's massaging leather appointed seats melt away your stress. Yeah, that's a real getaway drive. The all new 2025 Nissan Murano. Today. Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Yo, what's good? It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greedy teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness,


Some stands for so others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington, DC.