
You put out a sex tape for, for the blind people. Woo. Hi. Hi. Hi. What was her name? Michelle? I don't know. Hold on. That's good to hear. A, a 56-year-old man making that kinda sound in the bedroom because usually y'all just All my life been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice, got the roll of dice, the swat. All my life I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price slice.


Hello. Welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host Shannon Sharpe. I'm also the proprietor of Club Shehe. The lady that's stopping by for conversation on the drink today is one of the most relatable women out here today. She's an a TL born comedian, standup superstar, selling out shows nationwide. Popular actress, successful host, podcast, celebrity entertainment mogul, NAACP, nominated author, star, creator, writer, executive producer of the Emmy nominated sitcom. Miss Pat, Show, BETP plus first ever Emmy nomination. A love mother, a wife, and a auntie. Here she is. Miss Pat. Well, damn you did your homework. I ain't never been introduced like that unless I was in court.


This is not the first time we met. Tell the people the first time that we met. So we was on a plane on Delta coming to Atlanta, and I think something was going on with the football, but I got to talking and I said I was a Falcon fan. And, and so you Louis Vuitton down and that was early in my career and I had a Gucci book bag and I had a Louis Vuitton purse and you was like, Hey, you gonna have to get your stuff to match all, all your, all your labels gotta match. And I was like, you go to hell. I got what I can buy when I can buy. And so when now my stuff do match and I always think of you, I was like, black ass gonna get off the plane and tell me my shit. Need to match. Thank you so much Miss Pat for stopping by.


I know you're busy, you got a lot going on. Been watching your shows. So I would like to take a little toast of your career. Congratulations on everything that you've accomplished, everything that you've overcome, and much, much more to come. Just a little, just a little, just a Ah, Shannon, don't dream. One more simple that you gonna have me hollering like you had that other woman hollering. Come. We got, I thought we was go get it. Like a three month grace period. Well, I Don't know. I just, my first time seeing you since that out, I was like, that's a man that go to the gym.


And I could tell, I, I don't, I don't know, but in the black community, we was assuming she, she was white the way she was hollering because most sister could have tucked that she was hollering. Like she wasn't used to it. So I was like, all right then Shannon, that's how you put out a sex tape with no film. Just sound Shannon, No comment. You put out a sex tape for the people, for the blind people. Woo. Hi. Hi. Hi. What was her name? Michelle? I don't know. Oh Lord. I know. Everybody been ragging you on That. Yeah. Yeah. You come in right off the rip too. But, But you know what? That's good. What, what are you 56. You. 56.


That's good to hear. A a 56-year-old man making that kinda sound in the bedroom. 'cause usually y'all just fart you, you to hear the hat boy going and no gas in the air. I was proud of you. I was a proud black mom. Thank you. I, I appreciate. Well, congratulations. The Ms. Pat Show just got picked up for season number five. What has it been like for this newfound celebrity for you? You know, people call it celebrity Shannon. I'm gonna be honest with you. I live right here in Atlanta. And when I'm not doing The, miss Pat Show, I'll be at TJ maximum wig on backwards.


I don't want to get recognized, but I do get recognized. Yes. So I just say I look at it as a job. Right. Do. And you know, people are gonna recognize me. I take a picture with a filter if I don't have on makeup. And I mean, I'm glad that people are noticing the work that I'm putting out there, but to say, I don't really use the word celebrity. I'm your friend at the grocery store. I'm your friend at TJ Maxx. I love TJ Maxx. Yeah, yeah. Home Goods. Is this newfound success, everything that you thought it would be? The money is good, you know, because, I mean, you know my background, I sold crack four checks. It is nice to be able to go in there and swipe a card that belongs to You and not have to pray that the money on the card.


No, not not have to pray. The police don't come out the back. I didn't have them cards. That wasn't the money. I had the card with the money. That wasn't mine. Oh, Okay. Yeah. So if you, if looking back where you are right now, Ms. Pat, what would your 10-year-old self, what would you tell yourself? I would tell my 10-year-old self. We made it. We made it. You know, I, I look over my life and I, you know, my kids really young and went through a lot. And all I ever wanted to do was just show my kids the work, show my kids a life that I never had. And you know, this year I finished my house off of TikTok. I was a contractor. It was about 15,000 square feet and the pull up to that house, 15,000.


Yeah. I build telling Jokes. But I'm a DIY person. I'm a DIY person. I was a subcontract. Okay. Okay. So I did, I I I You did a lot of it yourself. Yeah, I did a lot of it myself. Not the work. I just contracted it out and I had it planned. I saved a certain amount of money. So I look back and, you know, and the things that I'm putting in place for my kids when I'm, when and my grandkids, when I'm no longer here and I can say I'm fi somebody finally getting to leave generational wealth. Right. And, you know, for be, I'm a 14, I mean, I had my first kid at 14, dropped outta school in the eighth grade. And to be able to do all of this and to help my immediately family, it means a lot to me. Right.


It do.


As a former NFL player, I know a thing or two about high performance and that's why I drive the BMW seven series. This car has everything I need. It's big enough, comfortable enough, and luxurious enough to meet even my high expectations. When I'm behind the wheel of the BMW, I'm not just driving a car, I'm driving legacy. What I love most is the precision engineering, cutting edge technology and unmatched style. Whether it's spacious interior, the powerful engine or the smooth ride. BMW makes sure every detail is on point. I trust BMW to deliver the ultimate driving experience. And I know you will too. So why wait. Head over to bmw usa.com. Check out models like the sporty X three, the all electric I four, build your dream car today and join me in experience in luxury and performance that only the ultimate driving machine can offer.


You are from a TL. What are some of your favorite, and we're gonna get into your childhood, your upbringing, but what are some of your fondest memory as a child? Going to Grandma Biscuit with my Stepdaddy Curtis. Okay. Right there. Off of, I wanna say it was Moland Avenue, but he used to wake us up every morning on a Saturday and take us to Grandma Biscuit. And they used to have these biscuits called Cat head biscuits. Okay. And it was, he would buy sausages and biscuit. I'm quite sure they was like a dollar back then. But that was a lot of money. My stepdad was a mechanic and he would take us there and he would set us in Grandma biscuit, me and my sister at five o'clock in the morning. He would never eat. He would buy us the biscuit and he would drink a cup of coffee. And we, and that was, you know, when, when him and my mama broke up, that was one of the things I missed the most, you know, that father figure.


Yeah. Getting us up at five o'clock and doing the things that I would used to do. And so that's a big memory for me. Did you stay in contact with him after your, your They separated? Yeah. He used to come over and drop off school clothes and stuff like that. And you know, he still, I actually, when he died, we, I helped buried him. Wow. Yeah. That's unbelievable. What, what's your proudest moment as a child? My proudest moment as a child, I remember I went to this back in this, back in the day, they would have these black history plays in school. So kids don't get to do this anymore. But you had to really act out. If you were Martin Luther King, you needed to know that speech. You needed to be dressed like him. You need to change your voice.


You had to become that person. Right. And this particular year I was leaning horn and I, I I, I had a play and I did this play and I asked my mama to come and I had my speech down packed and I performed my speech and I looked in the audience and my mother wasn't there. And it broke my heart. But I remember walking down the street and I said, she'll never hurt me anymore. Wow. And that's, I think that's when my heart became hardening. I knew I was gonna always have to take care of myself. Well what, what type of relationship did you have with your mom? My mom was a alcoholic. Okay. She had five.


I was her sixth child. And she, she was, she, I know she dropped outta school, probably elementary school because my mom was born in the thirties. And you know, she, she gave us what was given to her. So it wasn't really a relationship Because she was a young mom like yourself. Right. She was a young mom like myself. Right. Mm. You was raised at your, you mentioned, I read in your story that you was raised in a bootleg home with your grandfather, right? Yeah. Like 10 people at a time. Mm. It Was a lot of people. A lot of people living there. So what, what was, 'cause I was raised by my grandparents and I know my life would've been a lot different had I been raised with my parents because the discipline and what they instilled in me, it was a lot different grandparents to parents.


So what did, what do you remember most about being in that environment? Who? The bootleg house. Pocking people. Music. You were pick pocking. Drunks. Drunks. Yep. Music. You Was forever Miss Pac. Well, shit, we was trained too. Don't lemme get too close. I might know how to steal your necklace. Just a lot of music. Drunk people, fights, all kind of craz mess. Gambling. People pulling up to the house with moonshine, sex, seeing people have sex. Everything went at granddaddy house. Right. So when you say you were trained to, to life a crime, basically pock.


But why would you, the people that was gonna come back over the next week and buy more alcohol than drink It? Well, they didn't remember My mama. They thought they lost the money or something. Huh? Well, once you fall asleep, you don't know what you got. My mama would trained us how to do that. Wow. You didn't like, oh mama, this, this ain't right. At one point I was watching Sesame Street and my mama would give us like two to $3 or something like that per customers. And I, and I was learning fraction and they said 10% and I asked her for 10%. But neither one of us knew how to count 10% of what I stole. So she gave you 10 cents like a dime? No, she gave me $10. She Gave you 10. So, so you were on a 10% of whatever you took in. Yes. But she didn't know what 10% means.


And neither did I, you didn't know what 10% meant. So she gave you $10 and you might have five To $10. And I was happy. 'cause all I wanted to do was play Pacman The video game. Yes, yes, yes. Oh my goodness. Miss Pat, I read that your mom couldn't read. Yes. And you dropped out. You had your first kid at 14, you got pregnant at 13. First kid at 14, had another kid by the time you was 15. Dropped outta school And I had an abortion when I was 16. Yeah. Damn. Miss Pat By married man. Huh? By married man. Oh, I miss Pat. What I mean, so he was married. So I'm, I'm, let's just say for the sake of our, I don't know how old he is.


I'm gonna assume he's probably in his mid twenties, maybe late twenties. He was in his early twenties and I was 12 when I met him. Did your mom know about this guy? She didn't care. It happened to her. You know, each one teach one. So it happened to her. So, you know, nobody protected her. So how did she know how to protect me now? I knew how to protect my daughter. 'cause I told my daughter when I had her, I said, you would never go through what I went through. Right. And she didn't Because you had to break the cycle. 'cause a lot of times, Ms. Pat people raise kids kind of how they were raised. Yes. Unless they choose to break that cycle. If you were disciplined tough a lot of times you discipline your kids. I did Discipline to 'em.


I made a lot of mistakes with my, I had two sets of kids. I call 'em my Medicaid and my, my blue cross blue shit kids. But I made a lot of mistakes with my first kids because a lot of that hurt. I brought it into my parenthood and when I met my husband, he was like, Hey, you don't be talking to these kids like that. But he grew up with a mama and a dad in a Christian household. Right. You know, I'm, I grew, I I grew up being talked to a certain way and I did the same thing to my kids. Right, Right. I read that you guys got baptized in a lot of different church because they would feed you, They would give us basket, they would let us go to the bottom of the church and we would get food. You know, back in the day you can, if you had financial problems. Right. You would go to the church and get baptized and the church will write you a check and then you can go to the pantry.


Well that was a hustle for my mama. So we got baptized a lot like 25 times to the point where I was like, I'm sick of this damn water. And she would hate when they wrote her a check on Sunday too. 'cause she couldn't cash it to Monday. Miss Pat, you gotta, you gotta write a book. I did. I wrote a book. It's called Rabbit. No, you need to, this need to be a movie. It do need to be a movie. How a movie. It need To be a movie because this your upbringing. I mean, look, a lot of us have, you know, obviously we all go through something. Sometimes it's more than others. But listening and researching your story, I'm like, man, for you to overcome and to be where you are currently, do you look back and do you think about how blessed you actually are?


Yeah, but to get where I'm at and I tell, I tell this every time I tell this story, I had to forgive the people who harm me. Oh, okay. You can't get anywhere when you hate, when you hate something or somebody that hate will control you. So that was a time I hated my mama for allowing this grown man to sleep with me. You know, letting other men, my my baby daddy wasn't the first one. I'd been molested several times before he even got to me. So I, I grew hate for my mother. And then once I, you know, got older and realized what my kid's father had done to me, I started to hate him too. But when you hate something or somebody you can't live. Yeah. So I had, they was never, my mama is dead, so I was never gonna be able to ask her for forgiveness.


And when I asked my kid's father, he said, well, your mind and body wasn't 12. When I said, why did you sleep with me? I was 12 years old. He said, well, your mind and body wasn't 12. So I knew then I had to forgive him so I could move on. And people always like you, but you, you know, I tell these stories with a smile on my face. Well, what am I fuck I'm gonna do? I'm gonna cry. Right. What am gonna cry for To hold that kind of resentment all those years. Yeah. I'm gonna get, my grandma used to say, Ms. Pat, there could never be freedom without forgiveness. That's right. And so you finally, in order to forgive them, you became free. So if I'm not, if, if I'm hearing you correctly, was it your mom's boyfriend that molested you? Yeah. I Say Did you tell her about it? Yeah. And she, she didn't want to hear it because he, he, my mama boyfriend Elle's.


Okay. Like she paid the, he paid the beer. He had a wife. Okay. But he come over every day and he bought food and he bought my mama beer. He bought her weed and he helped her pay the little rent and her little efficiency house where we lived at. Okay. So, you know, I kinda feel like my mom was like, well I had to give him something more than just me. So she looked the other way. That's what I, because when we tried to tell her, shut the hell up, don't nobody want to hear that. And we never said it again. And he did it many times. You said we, me and My sister, He slept with it was both of you guys, He touched both of us, Man. Is that where the resentment really started from, from that moment when you tried to explain to your mom what was going on and she turned a blind eye?


Well, this was before my kids' father. He molested us. Before my kids', before I met my kids' father. Right. But it was just a whole lot of other stuff, you know, that I saw as a kid. Like my mama would let my sister go up to up the hill with this older guy and my sister would be like, I'm I, I'm, I'm, I'm not lying. I think my sister probably eight. 'cause we two years apart. So she was no longer older than 10. She was like, that's my boyfriend. And I couldn't understand it because that man was old as fuck. And he would take up the heel and bring her back. And as I got older and I started putting two and two together, I was like, my mama was letting that man mess with her. And she, she didn't try with me because I was really rebellious. I was like, I I'm not doing that.


I could tell Yeah. I'm not doing that. I, I'm tired of getting my ass dug again. Y'all gonna leave me fucking along. So I need some type of ness when I meet a good man. Right. But so I saw, I saw my mama do that with my sister. Right. And she, and she allowed him to touch us. And I need to re I need to, you asked me a question earlier, what was one of my most proudest moment? And I said, my mama, can I re-answer that? Sure. I I think my, one of my most proudest moment was when I shot The Ms Pat Show in LA And my husband came and my husband went through a lot with my comedian career, comedian career.


'cause I had no money. I was not making no money. He, man working at General Motors, he didn't, he don't understand a dream. Take your black ass to work. His daddy worked for the city of Atlanta his whole life. His brother didn't work. Well, I've been a hustler. Right. I'm out here doing comedy, ain't making no money. He's like, are you damn crazy? And I told my husband, I said, one day I'm gonna get a TV show. And he was like, yeah, what the, and when he came to LA and he saw me shoot The, Ms, Pat Show. And at the end of the second episode, I mean at the end of the second shoot I thanked everybody for helping me put the show together. And I looked up at my husband and I said, thank you for allowing me to max out your credit card. Thank you. Because I'm mad. I tore his ass up. I was stealing them and everything.


Thank you for watching these kids, not only my kids that I, that wasn't yours. The two I had by you and my sister, four kids. Thank you for allowing me to put six kids in your life instantly and be there for me. Thank you for saying no, but not really saying no. And my husband bust out crying. And that's the only time I ever seen him cry. 'cause I knew he would proud of me because you know, when, when I started dating him, people, his, his family was like, she a welfare queen. I had Section A, I had a lot of food stamps. I wasn't gonna go to work until I fucked around. And I'm sorry until I fucked around and voted for Bill Clinton and went through the Welfare to Work program. He tricked me, But I was lazy.


Right. And my husband would always tell me, you a smart person why you like this? And I, and I've told this story a hundred times. He gave me Outkast, get up and get out and get something. And that motivated me. But I have to thank my husband because without him I wouldn't be here. Wow. Because that man went through a lot with this, this comedy career. He had no money gone all the time. He watching all the kids, he getting them up. He trying to do half he running there after he done work the eight to 10 hour shift at General Motors and never complained. Your original two kids that you had before you met him, you had two kids with him. And you had, if I'm not mistaken, you had your sister kids.


I had my sister. Four kids. Four kids. So that's eight kids. Yes. And we are not even, I don't even think we were 25. Ms. Pat, if you don't mind me asking, and you can recall, what is the ages of these, these eight kids? When I met my husband, my son was five and my daughter was seven. Okay. And then I, I got my sister, four kids, which was, I think it was a baby that was six months. Probably a 2-year-old or 8-year-old. A 7-year-old. Like my daughter and probably a 3-year-old. So off the back he got six kids And then you and you wanted more? Well I, I, I'm from the hood so I figured, you know, I gotta have a baby by this man to make me serious.


Hey, I'm not gonna even lie. I was like, I, if I don't have a baby by this man, he gonna leave me. But they leave anyway. But he's such a good guy. And when I went to try to get pregnant, I had an abortion that damaged my uterus. Right. And so they was like, your tubes are blocked. And I was like, damn, I can't handle no baby by this man. He gonna get tired of me just taking care of all these crack babies. Yeah. And I ended up pregnant and then I lose the baby a day before his birthday. And I remember I'm so, I was so hard at the time, Shannon, my husband booing 'cause the baby, I lose the baby a day before his birthday, I had to give birth and he's crying. And I tell my husband, he's very upset. And I said, dude, don't worry about that damn baby. We can do this shit again tomorrow. He looked at me like, what the hell?


But I got pregnant again and I have a daughter named Gara. She's 26. Did the rea was the reason. Can you, if you don't mind, explain explaining why you took custody or took responsibility for your sister's kids? My sister's on crack. Okay. She's still on crack. I have her grandkids now, now we taking care of her grandkids. We've had them for 11 years. So when, when the defect worker called me and said, if you don't come get 'em, we're gonna put 'em in a foster home. And I immediately thought, I can't imagine how these kids gonna grow up. Every child deserve to start off on a solid foundation in this country. Correct. In this world. And they might even separate 'em. Yeah. They might even separate. 'cause the baby was six months.


So I went and got all four of them and I got back and my husband bags were packed. And I was like, I can't, I can't, I can't choose between you and these kids. I said, 'cause I love both of y'all and they need us. And he, I jumped on top of the car screaming and hollering. He just went ahead and parked and went back upstairs and we 31 years. Now You, we going to, we going to explain, expand on that topic. But I read that your mom was physically abusive with you. Yes. When you got out, I guess whipping, I mean verbally abusive. Physically abusive. Yes. So what were some of the things that you would do?


Or did you felt that? 'cause a lot of times, you know, obviously growing up when you grow up, I'm much older than Miss Pat. I I'm, I'm pretty sure I am. No, I'm 52. We, we, we neck. Neck. But you know like when you did things wrong in the south, you were in the south Atlanta, the south, you grew things wrong. Switches A stitching goal, they didn't play. It wasn't, no, you could talk back or you suck your teeth or you stomp that. Got you, got you whipping. Did you ever feel your mom gave you a whipping that wasn't deserved? All the time. All the time. And, and my mama was, my mama was, and I was the same way sometime. I could still get that away, but I, I have to calm myself down. I mean, her tongue did more whipping than anything. She, I I was not the prettiest sister.


My sister was beautiful to me. She's about your complex. She had real wavy hair, you know, before she got on drugs, she was just drop dead gorgeous. And my mom used to always call me ugly as young as really? And I never thought that I looked like anything because my whole life I was told I was ugly. And then coming up through puberty, I had really bad acne that nobody did anything about. So when I met this 20 something year old man and he finally said the match your words, I love you. I fell for it because my whole life I was told I was ugly. I I literally, nobody had ever told me I was pretty, my sister was always told that she was pretty and she was. To hear your mom say you ugly ass, you ugly be knowing that.


That's probably, I mean, even though you are a child, you know, a parent shouldn't talk to their child like that. Yeah. I made those mistakes with my kids too. I don't think I would call 'em ugly, but I might say I been, you know, I've said some ugly things in the beginning that I still work on to this day. And it is, a lot of it has to do with, with the way I was raised. Did you ever talk to your mom and ask your mom why she talked to you like this? Why was she so mean to you? Because Was she mean like that to your sister? Not to me. No. When we had kids, when we both had our first kids, 'cause my daughter was born August the ninth and my sister's daughter was born May the ninth. Right. And we both had babies back to back by two brothers. Make a long story short, my mama would never keep my kid, but she would always keep my sister kid.


Why? Because she didn't like me. I felt like she didn't love me and I felt like she thought that my, my, my baby wasn't pretty as my, my sister baby. You know. And so at one point I was scared to even try to leave my, my daughter with my mama because my mama cared more about my niece than she did my child. That's how I felt. Did that ever, did that ever cause resentment between you and your sister because she called, called your sister pretty, called you ugly. She kept your, kept your niece, but wouldn't keep your own child. Yeah. Did that ever cause resentment between you and your sister? N not me And my sister really wasn't never close close because we got in the streets so early.


Mm. My sister got out into the world doing what she's doing, you know, drugs or whatever. And so we, we really didn't have that sister relationship. That's what I love about The, Ms Pat Show because Tammy Roman give me that sister that I never have and she don't know how many times I've walked away and, and just with joy in my heart or tears in my eyes because that's something that I always wanted and to play let for her to play. My sister on that show, she fill a void in my life. But me and my sister was never ever, I wanted to help my sister the way it portrayed on the show. But no, I wish and I've tried to help my sister, like with her grandkids, I tried to help my sister get off drugs and, and even now they call me for stuff and I just say, I don't have time for y'all and I don't, I'm not gonna waste my money on no crack head.


I'm not you. You know, my sister had a aneurysm this year and she's still smoking crack. Is it difficult for you to say no? Knowing that is, look blood, blood doesn't make you family, blood make you related? Yes. Trust, accountability, empathy, compassion. There are a lot of other things that can see make you more family than just bleeding, blood related. How difficult it is for you to do this? To tell your sister, babe, I've done all I can. You got to want to get off this stuff. You gotta wanna help Yourself. Not difficult at all. I said, hell no. I don't play by my money. I work hard for my money. I leave out that house and jump on the plane every week and come back.


My husband is retired and I said the last thing I'm gonna do is spend my money on you, my uncles and, and, and have my husband. I'm retired. 'cause I'm out here trying to pull everybody else out the mud. I say no to everybody. Wow. The answer is no. I'm not going back where I came from. I've seen so many people trying to help they family out of the dirt and then they end back up in the dirt with 'em. Right. So I just said no, I, I'm done. I I've, I've helped who I'm helping and that's it. Is it true your mom used to shoot love a gun to get your attention? Yeah. All the time. Did it work? Yeah. We, we knew she wanted us to come here Papa. Yeah. Well we, we, we knew she would. I never felt like my mom was gonna shoot me.


Yeah. Like one time she shot at me when I wouldn't get off the phone with my kids' father, but she, we knew she was just shooting in the ceiling, you know? Yeah. Because she like to shoot a gun. Right. So you was telling the story earlier, your, your baby's father, your first one was 22. You started seeing him when he was, when you was 12. You got pregnant at 13. Had the baby at 14. And I read now is this true that, I don't know if it was the first or the second one that he showed up to the hospital with a new chick? Yes he did. That's the first baby. Hold on. And asked her, was I ugly? You Hold on, you have a ba you have his child.


He shows up to the hospital with a new, not his wife or a new, not his wife. A new one. And then asked her, are you cute? Yeah, I'm 14. Yeah. He came by to say hi to me and the baby and I walked him by and she was standing out there. Yeah, sure did. So what? And I was too young to really even put it everything together. Like I had heard he had another girlfriend. Yeah. And until she started showing up at the house with clothes, you know, he would drive her car all the time. And so, you know, I'm not gonna say her name because we still friends to this day.


Okay. But we ended up raising our kids as cousins. Wow. We did for years. We raised our kids as cousins. I still talk to her this day. But you know, we realized at he was a piece of It wasn't y'all that the issue? It was him. Yeah. Did he get I'm sure he got divorced. He had to get, He got divorced after I had my second child by and then she had a baby by and she ended up getting married and going on with her life. But we, we became friends. But yeah, he showed up at the hospital with her. He sure did. He's a cold dude. Have you al always, I don't, it is, I shouldn't say this, but you are not attracted to a man prayed.


He was an older man. Preying on a child. I ain't his first underage. He have done that since I've been married to my husband. Yes he have. Yes he have. I'm not the, I'm not the, I'm not his youngest victim either. But you know, back then and, and it wasn't right then. It's not right now. Older men, they did things of that nature. Well I was just in court with him not even five years, not even three years ago for him doing the same thing to his wife's child. He in jail. He gotta be, No, he's not in jail. No he's not in jail. They called me 'cause they wanted to show that he, there's A pattern Of behavior.


It's a pat pattern of behavior. And I went to court to testify and he did not go to jail. And I walked out of there and I actually cried because I felt like if they had locked him up, I would've got some type of justice. 'cause it's too late for me. Yes. You know, the statutory is over for me. But if, if they can get him on this kid, it would've been even it. I would've You'd have felt better. Some kind of relief. Yes. But they didn't. And he wouldn't be able to do this to anybody else. No. Oh my. You dropped outta school in the eighth grade. So basically you gotta basically a seventh grade education. Why did you drop outta school? Ms. Pats? I had two kids Had to take care of 'em.


I got pregnant again. I had that first baby and then I got pregnant. I just turned right back around and got pregnant. And so I had to go to work. My mama got a welfare check and she only gave me what they added to the check, which was 35, $40. So my mama thought, and this is in 87, I can take care of two kids off eight $40. What? What you No, you ain't taking, you can barely, you can't even take care of yourself off 40, let alone two kids. Pamper formula And formula. Formula is high now, back in the day it was like $29 for a case. It's probably 200 for a case now. Right. But I had to go to work, I had to find a way.


So I got in the streets, you know, I started, my kids' father was selling drugs and then he was helping me 'cause he had so many women and babies. And then once he went to jail, I started selling drugs and that's how I took care of my kids. How did you, how did you void the temptation that happened to your sister? She got out there in the streets early and she got hooked on the, the drugs. Is it that you like? Well, I can't get high on my own supply. If I'm selling, I can't use, I was always turned off my mama, my okay. My mama watched a lot, lot of soap poppers and she smoked cigarettes like a dude, I mean like, like weed. She Chain smoke Home? No, no.


Like just holding it like a dude. My mama did everything like she was a lesbian. Okay. And it just turned me off like cigarettes. And, and you, I would go to school and back in the day they had, they had smokey the bear tell you don't smoke no cigarette. Yep. Yep. And so I would come home and my mom would make us like cigarettes and I would burn 'em up on the side. And everything she did, I knew I didn't wanna be. And I mean, everything she did, I I I just despised it. She drank gin and water. She, she smoked. She only thing I kept was my mama. Very funny. And she cursed. And that's the two things I kept from her. But she was, she was the most depressed person. That's the first time I ever seen depression.


Mm. She would say the same thing all the time. Curtis left me, that was my stepdaddy. Right. And she would say these crackers holding me back. And I didn't even know why people were crackers at the time. I thought she was talking about the ke elves and, and I just said, I don't wanna be like that. Right. She cry all the time, Shannon. And it's so hard for me to cry now to me, when I see, I tell my, and my daughters get on me about that all the time. Oh, you so hard on your girls. I said, don't cry, it's your weakness. And they was like, it's nothing wrong with crying. Yes it is. It shows weakness because I looked at a lady who cry all the time and talked about the situation she was in and never did nothing about the situation she's in.


I hate 'em. I hate a person who always talking about what they going to do and ain't going to do. I got friends like that and I let 'em talk and they always tell me, you spontaneous. No, I tell my mind what I'm gonna do. 'cause your mind is strong. It's, and it controls the body. It makes the body react. If you say I can get up, I can get up. Keep saying it. You gonna get up. Even if, if it might not be today, it might be tomorrow. Right. But you gotta feed yourself positive stuff. Positivity and, and, and all. I can't stand people who say what they going to do. When I say what I'm, I told my husband, I said, I'm gonna get me a TV show. Oh, oh, oh. I said I'm gonna be a comedian Pat, you should go work at General Mo.


I don't wanna work at General Mo them people. I'm old laugh people. I don't do no 30 year making no call. I don't wanna make no call. You go work at General Motor. And he never understood why I didn't wanna do that. And when I found comedy, comedy was healing for me. 'cause I could tell these stories with a smile on my face and not be ashamed. And I learned that so many people out there like me and boy, I was like, I'm never gonna stop this. And I didn't even do it for the money. I just did it. Really. It was therapeutic for you. It, yes. Hitting that stage and finding other people that been through the things that I've been through and understanding the pain. 'cause my husband, I was just, me and my husband, my husband just brought this story to me. So my kids' father used to beat on me a lot. Shout I in the back of the head and everything. So I would wake up in the middle of the night and, and and crying and fight and, and my hus my husband had to be the General Motors at five o'clock and you know, he would try to be comfortable.


Oh, it's gonna be all right. One night I woke up Shannon and my husband like, look hell you need to hit that back 'cause I gotta go to work morning. I never dreamed he was beating on me. My other said, hit him back because I'm tired of you waking me up every other night with this bull crap. Whatever y'all doing in that dream, hit that ball, hug back. And I, and I went back to sleep and I never got beat up in that dream again. Wow.


The days are warmer, the walks are longer. And one easy way to help your dog shine this season is with fresh, healthy food from farmer's, dog farmer's. Dogs make fresh real food and delivers it right to your door. Recipes are developed by vet nutritionists made from real meat and veggies and proportion just for your dog, making it easy to say goodbye to burnt brown balls. Feed your dog real food with real benefits. My Pomeranian Teddy love the stuff and his coat has never looked better. Is smart, healthy pet food. You can feel good about feeding your pup. It's the best option for your dog of all life stages because it's not kibble, it's not canned. Go. It's real healthy food. And it doesn't matter if your dog is young or old. It's always the right time to begin investing in their health. That means more happy, healthy, full years together. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food from farmer's dog.com/sheha. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to farmer's dog.com/sheha to get 50% off. That's farmer's dog.com/shesha.


Ms. Pat, your mom, your mom outwardly was a very tough woman. She let off her round, she would curse. She would yell and scream. But inside you can tell she was a broken woman. That she was weak, Broken. My daddy did to her. What she allowed my kids' father do to do to me. My daddy was very abusive and my mama was so beat down. She only had four teeth. I used to think my mama was old. She, my mama died when she was 39 years old. What? 39 years old. She had four teeth in her mouth. He knocked them, I don't know who knocked them out. All I know is her fake teeth was in the refrigerator wrapped in a, a kro sac. And she put 'em in every now and then. That's all I know. I never asked her. I think she told us that my daddy knocked her teeth out.


But she was so beat down. And when my kids' father was beating me down like that and I was like, no you ain't, you ain't about to. You ain't about to mildred me. You ain't about to mildred me. That was Your mom? Yeah, that was my mom now. And I started to fight back and I remember my kids first said, I'm gonna knock your teeth outta my mouth. All I could see is my mama with them two little four teeth at the top of my mouth and they had cavity. I was like, you not about to have me walk around looking like that. Now I don't mind my side teeth missing. Yeah, but you ain't about to knock out My front teeth but the front because everybody see the front. You gotta talk straight on. Yeah. I can easily disguise my jaws. I just don't gotta, I don't smile too big. But you but I, I, my mom was so broken, so beat down and I just said a man would never in his life treat me like that again.


Did you have a relationship with your father? My real father. Your real father. Yeah. Came along when I was about 12 or 13 and shows up. Slapped me and tell me, slapped you. Yeah. And I beat his too. Me and my brother beat his ass and he, I mean he, that's how he introduced himself with a slap. And you Well I didn't know him and he hit me. So I hit him back and me and my brother beat him up and he told us he was his daddy. But later on in, you know, I'm a forgiving person. Yeah. I don't hold grudges. And my daddy had multiple myeloma and I got to know him and I took him to Indiana with me and that's where he passed away at. And I never forget when he was dying Shannon.


'cause I'm the baby. Right. And, and he was so proud of me. The only time he ever really seen me on TV is when I was on Judge Joe Brown suing somebody for damage in my house. Okay. And so when he was pa he, he wanted, he wanted to see this. But I know, I know he wanted to see this, but he died. Make a long story short, when he was dying, he looked up at me and at this time he couldn't talk. And he just said thank you. And I said, you don't owe me nothing. And I know he was saying, I never did nothing for you. But you came back and you took care of the man that did not take care of you. I picked my daddy up from Grady Memorial Hospital, greater Memorial Hospital, put my daddy out with no healthcare, cut his leg off wrong and pushed him to the car, put him in the car.


I put him on a pamper and drove him from Atlanta, Georgia to Indianapolis. I pulled up at the CVS right over there in Riverdale and did not have no money. I wasn't making no money at the time. And I said his, he needed his diabetic medication. And the man was like, it was a couple hundred dollars. I said, sir, I don't have it. I bust out crying and the pharmacist looked at me and said, don't cry. I said, I'm taking my daddy home to Indiana. He said, I'm gonna fill my prescription and that should be enough for you to get him back on Medicaid, Medicare so you can get him a prescription. He gave me his 30 day supply. I drove my daddy all the way from Atlanta, Georgia to Indianapolis in my trailblazing. Pulled over several times and changed his pamper in the back of the car.


And he stayed with me for about five or six years. And this is where my career took off. I get a call God favor. Huh? God Favor for what you did. You know, I didn't, I didn't, I don't, I told my daddy, he said, I know what your mama done told you. I said, stop, we can start over. I said, I don't know. I don't go by what people say about people. Let me get to know you. And I got to know him and I I and I got a chance to love him, to feel what a father love was. I already had that stepfather. But you know, that was my stepdad. Right. He stood in for a long time and then my real daddy came along and I got to feel the love that my real daddy had for me.


And he, when he passed away, I had just got a call. My daddy passed. I'm, I'm, I don't know if this exact day, on a Monday, that two Wednesday I got a call to come go on tour with Kat Williams and my, I told my husband, I said, you ain't gonna believe this. He said what? I said, they told me I'm going on tour with Kat William. I get to, I don't even know what's the first city was. I get to the city, we all in a room like this and Kat come in and I'm excited. I don't wanna show my excitement 'cause I don't really know Kat Williams. And, and he introduced himself when we talking and he overhear me on the phone and I'm trying to get my brothers and sisters that my daddy just died. He said, what you doing? I say, my daddy died.


He said, your daddy died. I said, yeah, he died Monday. I said, I'm just trying to, you know, do his funeral, do you mind? And he said, no, I don't mind. He went behind the door and came back with a stack of money and I said, what is this? He said, go bury your daddy and come back. And I was blown away. It was a couple thousand dollars. My daddy had spent his insurance money right before he died. He literally cash in his insurance pot. I could have kicked his ass because you know you got cancer and you die. You gonna cash in your damn life. Insurance pot. I gonna put him in a potato sack. He better be thanking Kat William. 'cause he was about to be potatoes. Lemme get this straight.


Your father die. Yes. Monday you get the call, you're going on tour with Kat. You've never met Kat before. You don't know Kat. You know who he is, but you don't know him like that. Y'all inter you, you introduce yourself. He walks up to you and you, you are on the phone and you're talking to your siblings about, okay, dad just died and we need to make arrangements to put him away. He overhears the conversation, he leaves, comes back and hands you money, A lot of money Sitting there, go bury your daddy and come back. Yes. I did the show that Friday. That, that, that, that week I flew home, bury my daddy and came back and, and I tried to pay it back and he said, you don't owe me nothing.


So Kat, this is Ben Kat. Ben Kat. I just seen him at the, at the Netflix, the guy who owns Netflix. We went to a party at his house. And I always tell him thank you because he didn't have to do that. And, and this in this world, in this game. Ain't a lot of people that will do that. There ain't a lot of people, if you do something they something they don't want something back in return at some point in time. Mistake. Oh, they gonna tweet about it? Yes. Or they gonna tell everybody, oh, I helped you. I hate people who do that. And then, and people only know this story because I tell him. Right. But for him to bury my daddy a first day and he still paid me Shannon, he still paid me. He didn't take it outta my pay. He still paid me.


Is that what people, what do people get wrong about Kat? Because people, and I've had a comedian on here, Gary Owen said the same thing that he did him a solid, there have been several people, but there's the com there's some out there that don't, don't rock with kad and don't feel kad is what, what are we missing? What IIII know him on a different level now because after we did the interview, we've been in constant communication. So I know him on a little different level and, and you know, been in his presence since the we did the interview. What are we missing? What, what, what do people don't know about Kat that you want people to absolutely understand about Kat Williams? One of the nicest comics in this gang that I ever deal with. I mean, the most caring.


One of the most caring. And I don't deal with a lot of people 'cause I'm old. You know, I, I don't, I don't have stories about horrible stories about comedians. I just, you know, live my life. But that I will never forget because you just coulda told me I'm gonna pay you. But no, you paid for my daddy funeral and it was a few thousand dollars. Right. And didn't take it out your check. Didn't take it out my check. And if he took it out your check, you'd have understood. I would've, I didn't expect anything. You just helped me. Told me to go bury my daddy. Wow. I was able to buy casket. I was able to put him in the ground. I was able to get my brother and sisters up there. I was able to do everything.


When he gave you that money, did you think like, Lord have mercy, this man just met me. He don't know me from a can of paint. He knew I said, no, you, I said, you don't have to do that. I said, I'm gonna be okay. We was trying to work it out. I mean, I, at the time my husband was at General Motors and I knew I was gonna get paid from him. And then I, we, you know, my husband got pretty good credit. We was talking about taking out a loan, you know, all kind of stuff. Right. Trying to get the city to bury him all kind of stuff. Kat walked in and gave me the money and changed the whole situation. Wow. Miss Man, I read, man, you been, you used to scam people. Yeah, I used to be, I used to be a check forger. I was really good at it too.


I, you just steal a blank check, write the person name on it and go take it. Well, back in the day, my brother, I ain't gonna say it. My relative used to be a cat burger. Your podcast too big for me to be talking about family member. Motherfucker be trying to sue me. I ain't got time for that crap down. I had a family member that was a professional burglar, so this person used to break in houses. Right. And so a lot of times, and I, and, and, and when you got that street mentality, it stays with you. Yeah. So back in the day, people would get comfortable and throw their checkbooks inside of, you know, the Glo glo lock. Well my brother would steal your car and bring me the checks.


And so at first I would give 'em to a crack head and say, just go get me this and that. And I said, well what are you doing? Because I'm curious when it come down to us. And that Crackhead taught, showed me how to make a fake ID and showed me how I didn't, I tried to excuse Grant, didn't know how to fill out no damn check. That Crack Head took me in practice writing checks and signing the per person name. And so the first time I went out to do it, it was me and another relative and we ran up in Macy's and Macy's looking like, well these Negros right here doing, they ain't got no money. We got, she got, my niece got locked the hell up. And so I said, we gotta regroup. We did it wrong. So we came up with a plan. Right.


Don't all of us black people don't be running up in No Mac. I don't need to go there, but one or two. Yeah, you my Macy's riches back in the day, I said, we gotta go in there one at a time. And we got, we got, we gotta look like, we gotta look like, so we can't go in there with, with no rags on our head. Right. We gotta look like we got a job. So we put a plan together and, and, and that's how it all happened. How do you get the name Rabbit? My Stepdaddy. He, he used to tell me, he said, if you eat, if you eat carrots, your eyes are gonna be pretty. And I believe that shit. So I like, I like raw carries. So Do anybody call you Rabbit now? I don't like it. You Don't like it? Because Let me tell you why. Rabbit holds a lot to my past. Not only that, I'm a grown woman.


Don't call me Rabbit. My name is Pat Patricia. Okay. And, and my One thing about my first kid, my kid's father, he would not call me Patricia because to me that's how he hold on to the control that he used to have in my life. Right. So he refused to call me Pat. What would he call you? He called me Rabbit. He Did, he still do. And I, I don't answer. I said don't call me Rabbit. Even my friends, I had to train my friends. Yeah. Not to call me Rabbit Because you know, miss Pat down the south, now you get a nickname. You have to take that thing to the grave. Yeah, but I'm 52 years old. Don't be calling me Rabbit. I'm too old to be a rabbit. I'm a grown woman. I'm somebody. Mama Grandmama and wife don't call. I'm grown.


And it it, and it holds so much to my, that name holds so much to where I come from. I just don't wanna be called at. Did you ever ask him say, why you still calling me Rabbit? You know, I don't like it. Well, some of my friends be like Rabbit. I mean Pat like I was talking about No, I'm talking about, I'm talking about your child's father. Yeah, He talking about, he said, he said, I don't know Pat, I know Rabbit, but that's his way of holding on. Right. So every time he hit me through Facebook, I don't fuck with him. Go on back to Jiffy Lou, but leave me alone Man. What about, you bought a Cadillac. You bought a Cadillac, but you needed a, because you only had a learner's permit. You had a Learner's permit.


I had several cars at that time. How you, it's bad. You, you don't even have a, a real driver's license. Well, You could go, I had a friend that used to take us to the auction. Remember the auction here in Atlanta? So you go down there on Stewart Avenue and you buy as many cars as you want to. So I would buy these cars and fix 'em up. And I had a Fleetwood Cadillac when every drug dealer had one and I had a learner's license with a crack head on a passenger seat because he had a driver's license. He had a driver. So I had him in shifts. So when the police pulled me over, they can't search the car. 'cause I had a license driver in the car with me. You always had a hustle mentality. You always looking for, You know what, you know what Shannon? I, I wasn't, I, I used to steal, but I wasn't big on stealing. But when I go in the store, I had to catch myself because that little crazy person in me, You got money Miss Pat in the back of the mind, like, you know what, you can take This.


You, I was at Home Goods the other day and this dude put a $200 rug in my car by mistake. And that crazy person me be like, take off with that damn rug. And the good person's like, don't do that. You got American Express card. So I said, sir, get the rug out my card. That's not my rug. That's not my rug. But that, that is still in me. That's the hustle in me. So I wanna make sure I get this same, you were shot in the head at 14, got your ola blown off at 15. Did the say why you have To say Ola. So Uppity Nipple. Nipple. Okay. You got your nipple? Yeah. Was it the same guy? No, my kids' father shot me in the back of the head and another guy shot me in my boob.


What? Damn. Hold on. Is it true I got shot twice at you? I think I was 15 when I got shot both times. Damn. I know. I told God, I said, look here God, you gotta tell him Mo stop shooting me. And, and and and bullets are hot. They burn after. Did you, did you know he had shot you in the head? Yeah, he shot me and left me in the house and I called, I was so, I was so young and dumb. I called my friend. I was like, he shot me, girl, come over here. She get over there and it, he cracked my skull and I'm bleeding. What did he shoot and Stuff? Shoot. Excuse me. Oh, what, what didd he shoot you with a 22, 30, 38? Yeah. 38. Small Caliber. Yeah, but still that's PE people done been killed with 20 twos and 38.


So Yes they have. Yes they have. And so I, I really, Shannon, I'm gonna be honest with you, this is how stupid I was when he shot me. I thought he, I was like, that's love. Because my mama told me, if man don't beat you, he don't love you. What? Yes. So every black guy was a hickey on my neck until one day I watched what's love gotta do with it. And I was like, I ain't taking no more whooping. And I'll never forget when I first started fighting him back. My cousin, my cousin Boo was in the back because she's like, head him back, hit his ass back. You know how your cousin be? Yeah. Behalf you go. Yeah, I'm, I'm fighting my kid's father. He hit me right here between my eyes and black, both of my eyes. And she laughed her ass off.


I said, why you help me tomorrow? I ain't want ass. But, but when he, when your fa child's father shot you, you said originally it wasn't his fault because you just too slow. You didn't duck fast enough. Well, You know what that was, I wanted to make it out of a joke. A joke? Yeah, for sure. And it was so hard to hear that a woman had been shot and abused. And people said, oh my God. And I was like, how can I make this funny? It's funny to me. And so one day I was on stage and I say, it wasn't his fault, it was my fault. I duck slow. Did I mean, did he just, I mean, did you not, I mean did he walk up behind you? Did he go get the gun? He came over and I was over with a guy. They went, they got the fighting and stuff and then he hit me with the gun and the gun went off.


Oh, okay. And then he ran. Okay. He ran. So you was over there with another guy. You house, you had to come over at my, okay. Okay. And so I called my friend and when I called my friend, she came over and I was bleeding. And then we called the ambulance and I get in front back of the ambulance just talking. I'm 15 young and dumb. And, and they looking at me like, bitch, why you ain't dead? Wow. And so they cut all my hair off and made sure my brain didn't swell. And, and then I went, I got outta the hospital and I went to Tone low concert Funky Cole Medina? Yes. With a whole bullet wound in the back of my head. Oh, miss bad. You tell you what now till this you get shot again.


No. You shoot somebody. You shoot, I shot him Him in the leg. Yes. You go to pick him up from the hospital. There's another chick there to His other baby mama. His Other baby mama. And I run him over. You run him over in the parking lot. I sure did because I shot you so I can take care of you. Come on man. Yeah. That's how crazy I was. You, But that's when you well that's when you think abusive love. Yeah. And it is not. 'cause we did a lot to each other. Yeah. I mean, I mean I, I I, I told a story about him. He skate all the time. He hit me in my head with a the stop on the skate. Yeah. And I don't know if you've ever seen a stop on that thing. Don't give. They, they don't.


And I hit his With a iron. I mean it was always just fighting black eyes and you know, shooting at him and he's shooting at me. I'm just thankful that I ain't dead. How did you finally decide enough of this BS I'm done with this. I'm done with him. I'm moving on because I know there's something bigger and better for Patricia. I always tell people, this is before Sierra, this singer ever saw, ever prayed that prayer for her husband Russell. I prayed to God and I say, Lord, I never forget it. I don't get on my knees for nothing. I mean no sexual move for nothing because it hard for me to get up and God know I'm lazy.


I'm gonna pray on my side. Right? I got on my knees and I said, Lord, I'm not asking you to change him. I'm asking you to change me. I said, I don't wanna hate him, but the love that I have and the desire that I have for this man, I asked you to remove it because it's no longer healthy for me. And I'll never forget that. I said, but I don't wanna hate him Lord. I went to sleep and woke up and did not care nothing about him the next day. And I remember two days later he came over and tried to like, have sex with me. Nothing. I met my husband that same week I did that prayer. It was honestly, that is what I told God.


I said, God, I don't, I just want you to remove what was was. Keep drawing me to him. Like cocaine take it out of me. And he took it out of me. And I never ever went back. And it, people would always say, rabbit ain't gonna never leave him. Rabbit ain't gonna never leave him baby. I woke up one day, I went from being a little girl to a grown woman and he didn't know how to accept it. Did he act well? What's wrong with you? Why all of a sudden now you don't want to, we we've done this for X amount of years or however long you've done it. What changed? I told him I didn't love him anymore. Did y'all get to fight him again? No, 'cause I ended up, I ended up with my husband. So I, at the time I'm forging checks and I tell my husband to come over to my apartment and watch my kids and stuff and my husband.


How old are You at this time? If you don't mind me. After that 17. Okay. And so I've got apartment, he's in my daddy name and I'm, my husband started to come over. My boyfriend at the time started to come over and he was, he was not my type, you know, my husband's a bigger guy. My kid's father's really skinny like Dave Chappelle. So I had never really dated a thick guy like that. But he, he was so intelligent, and this is gonna sound stupid, but this is when I knew I didn't have a, a niggle and I had a man, I walked in one day and he was watching Seinfeld and I said, what the hell you watching that white show for? He said, this is a really good show.


You should sit down and watch it. I watch, I'm a hood chick. Yeah. And he said, sit down and watch it. And I was like, wow, this is, this is funny. Yes. Not really my type of funny harmony but it, but he just started to introduce me to different things and you know, I didn't have to worry about being called. No, no, no, no. You know, I didn't have to get, get talked down to. He was opening the doors for me and most women would take that as being weak. But it was something that I always wanted. I'm gonna tell you a story about my kid's father. One time we was riding in the car and my car ran outta gas right there off of Bankhead. And we, we riding down Bankhead a car run outta gas and it's raining.


So my kid's father used to suck your thumb. And I said, you ain't gonna go to the gas station? He said, no, ain't about tell you not getting no gas. I get out the car Shannon and I'm walking maybe a mile to the gas station. You get out the car, walk in the rain to get gas. Yeah, I get out the car, I get out the car and walk a mile to the gas station Station. That should have ended it for you right there. I was too stupid. Lemme tell you what happened. So I'm walking in the rain and it ain't rain. It pouring rain. Yeah. This older man pulled up next to me and say, young lady, let me take you to the gas station. And I'm kinda scared of getting in the car with the older man.


Take me to the gas station, pay for the gas. I get he take me back to my car and that old man seen my baby daddy sitting in that car and he went the hell off. He said, you mean to tell me this young punk sitting in the car and got you walking in the rain. You young girls are stupid. My kids' father sitting in the front seat laughing. That started to wake me up. So when I met my husband and he was wa he wasn't watching no crap like I was used to with my kids' father. And he first man I ever seen with a credit card, he the first man that ever talked to me about finances and credits. And that stuff was just attracted to me. It attracted me to him because I wasn't used to that.


I was used to somebody calling me ugly and beating on me, calling my yes. And so I was like, I ain't really into, this ain't really my type, but I'm gonna hold on to this and see where we go. You say you meet your, your current husband, you are 17 but if I, if I'm not mistaken, you went to jail at 18? No, no, no. I got outta jail at 17. I by 18. Yeah. I got So you got, What'd you go to jail for? Crack You seven? Yeah, so I out with 19, so when I met my husband, I probably was 19 'cause I got, I went to jail at 17 back then you can go to jail at 17. So I got out at 18 and then I met him. You met him about 19 because he was 21 and I wasn't 21.


Oh let me get the ages right. It been 30 something years. I wanna know the exact moment that you knew. This is my forever man. When he told me, when I lived in that apartment and I was getting evicted 'cause I ain't never liked pay no bills, apartments in my, I got evicted all the time. And so I said, take me to my dad's house. So he put apartment in back in my name. My husband looked at me, boyfriend at time. He said, look, I'll put apartment in my name. And I said, what? And then I said, you gonna move in with me? He said, Uhuh. I said, well I can't pay the rent. He said, okay. Now mind you, I had never had sex with this man.


He was just coming over all the time, you know, hanging out and stuff like that. This man go and put a whole apartment in his name, a whole apartment and moved me and my two kids into some security. Paid the rent, paid the bills. And he looked at me and said, I want you to do One thing for me. And I said, what? He said, stop selling crack and stop forging checks. And I gave my niece my last little bit of crack and I threw away the checks. And that was hard because that was so hard. Shannon, that Was gonna be easy money homie Miss Pat. I had to go up work at McDonald's for four 25 cents an hour.


But then I'm a hustler. So now I'm stealing not the register, but I ain't really telling him because he was just so cut, dry, honest. Right. And I'm like, you know what, what back in the day and what women would consider now to be lame, right. Because that's the word we used. Right. And I'm like, my lame as hell, you know, he ain't breaking no laws, he ain't got no speeding ticket, he ain't doing nothing. And so I'm like, I'm gonna still, I can't just come up here and work every day for no $4 25 cents. I got four, two kids at the house. Right. And then we had just got custody. We had just got my sister's kids. So I got six kids. Yes. I gotta get this money. So I was up there, Tam, my McDonald's a new ass every day. Ooh baby.


And I just came out of the drug game. So I can count real fast with money, I can count backwards. Right. It'll change. Oh, I can count. So baby, that's what I did. How they coming up show every night? No, they didn't. 'cause you promo it, there was a way on that register that you can get away around it. Okay. Yeah. Or, or you took the money and slip it up on you took the chain, slip it up on the register. So when you ring it up, you just clear it out and you get the people they money back. Because back then people weren't using a lot of credit cards. Right. They using cash. They was using a lot of cash. And, and that's what I did. And, and you know, to me, I I, I had to get two jobs and it still didn't make up for what I was, the money that I was making in the streets.


But I did it because my, I had a stable place for my kids to stay. I had somebody in my life that cared about me and I didn't wanna blow it, you know, trying to hustle in the streets because he had took, he had took, took me forging checks and selling dope as long as he could. 'cause a man ain't never been to jail. Right. And he told me one day, he said, Hey, I don't have these, ain't my kids. What happened when you go to jail, they gonna give your kids back to that man. And so he just started to make me realize, you know, pat, you can make it without doing all of this. How did he know you? How did he know you were selling crack and forging checks? Did you tell him or did he saw you? Did He see you? He, I knew his brother. Okay. I knew his brother. So his brother knew I was selling crack and forging checks and I was a hustler.


Right. But he said, but he didn't try to change you. He didn't beat you down. He didn't say, look, if you don't, if you don't do X, Y, and Z, I'm up outta here. He said, look, I'm gonna get you this place. I'm gonna put my name on the lease. All I ask you to do is stop selling crack and stop forging these checks. Yep. That's what it Is. You knew that was so then now he's like, why you doing all this? You want me to be your girl? You want you trying to, what? What you try what, what's your, what's your, what's your angle here? Well, we was living together. So, you know, we was, we was actually living together. So I knew he wanted me to be his girl. Right. And I just said, you know, I would talk on the phone with my girlfriends and stuff. And I knew I had a, I knew I had something different.


I knew it was nothing like seeing a, a black man go to work and come home and treat you the way you're supposed to be treated. You know, saying nice things to you. I mean, he started to, he brought me back to life when so many people before him had killed me on the inside. You know, he fed me positive things when I was down in low, you know, he would, he would talk me out of it. There was one time in my whole life I ever thought about committing suicide because I, I checked my criminal background history. I went to school for medical assistant and I checked my criminal background history and I, and they just kept, they wouldn't gimme no job because I, I had too many felons on my records. And they was like, no. And I was like, well, what am I living for?


What am I living for if I can't get a, a decent paying job other than a fast food restaurant to feed my family or to help you out? He was like, pat, it's, it is more to you than that. And I just had to, I just started to dig inside of myself and To find out who I really was. But it was, it was all the help of him. I mean, that man picked me up when I was at my lowest. He, my, my husband went to the military, you know, my husband graduated high school. He ain't never threw up in my face. Bitch you got, I mean, baby, you got an eighth grade education. You know, I've always felt safe with him. I'd be like, how you spell can CAN and don't and keep it moving. Right. Damn. You can't spell can.


He ain't never, not one time. Have you ever said that


The Emirates NBA cup is here, you can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Score big with Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on draft Kings, the crown is yours.


After everything that you've been through, did you get therapy? How did you get past all this trauma that, that had befalling you in your li you so you, you're 19 and, and I'm hearing this and the audience listening, audience and viewing the audience is gonna hear this. Think about what you had gone through and you're still a teenager. I never got counseling. I think comedy was my counseling, honestly. That's where I started to tell the stories of growing up in the bootleg house, being molested being shot. The comedy audience healed me. And, and when I got The Ms, Pat Show and my co-creator, this boy just crazy, Jordan E. Cooper, we just started to dig in my life and tell these stories.


And it's, so many times I've cried on that set. But there's so many times I've wa i we season one my kid's father, I finally get to tell him off how I feel. I mean it is acting, but still Jordan knew how important that was to me. And I remember getting in that car, leaving that set on Boat Rock Road here in Atlanta. And I boohooed because that was a door that I had closed that needed to be open. And my co-creator and my cast helped me open it. And I cried so hard because all I ever wanted to do was tell him what he did to me and how I really felt.


And I got to do it through acting. And even with my mom, you know, we did an episode on my mom on the show and I was able to, you know, my mom used to call me nappy head ugly and stuff like that. And I was able to do a episode and that was another time I rode home crying. So through comedy and through The, Ms, Pat Show, do I need counseling? I probably do. Let my kids tell it. Yes I do. I still got some stuff that I need to work out. You better let go of. Am I a perfect mom? No I'm not. And One thing I always tell my oldest daughter, who's 38, I think 36 or 38, I always tell her, I said, you gotta understand that I was 14.


I made a lot of mistakes with you and your brother. But one of the things I want you to always know is that I love y'all and I did the best that I could do. I never gave you up, you never was molested. Because when I had my daughter on August 9th, 1986, I said in that bed holding her, I said, they would never do to you what was done to me. And when my daughter went out to college and she, she's called me, she said, you know what mama? All my friends been touched and I feel bad 'cause I'm the only one that ain't got no molestation story. And I knew I had done my duties. Now did I know she was gonna be down at college eating all the women?


She gay? Hell She gay. Hell She gay as hell, baby. She don't. Each of you won't be eight. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Shehe profile and I'll see you there.