
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


I'm partnering with PayPal. The holiday season is here and I'm gonna save big with cashback offers in the PayPal app. It's easy. I browse deals from my favorite brands, save offers in the app and use PayPal checkout online. Really, really easy. Whether I'm buying gifts from my family or treating myself to something nice, I'm earning cash back. And you can too. Don't just pay PayPal. Check offers in the app for details and exclusions. Cash back, earned his points, redeemable for cash and other options. See PayPal rewards terms.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere. And boom, you realize you're missing apart. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required


The Volume. Alright, we back the episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is dj, well special Christmas edition. You know what I'm saying? Look at real fest around this today. How y'all feeling man? To my left. I got my dog Bishop be here out the prairie release. How you what nasty, Merry motherfucking Christmas horse. This is a beautiful day. Beautiful set. Beautiful set. Little things going on over here. I hate this church. Bob Knight. Yeah, that's just, he had these candy cane colors on too. Where he got ejected? Actually, nah, I had all black he should had on the black forest.


I was talking about the real bob. That was, I got kicked out the game man. Young nacho. Young Teague. How you what man? I'm chilling man. I let, I let, I let I let Naz down. You let Bob N up, let na down. I let NA down man. I let my Bos get the best of me man. I'm sorry. Tell my, my peoples out there. Dang man. I let Nas down the holidays. You talk about that. We had a whole reel about coaching. Getting tough. Oh shit got wicked. That was the Grinch. I ain't gonna lie. I might have stole Christmas. That's all good. We bounced back. Nah. Yeah, for sure man. All right. You got the varsities on today? Nah, it is in for real. Okay, okay.


Yeah. I ain't even, where'd they go on the sixth? On the sixth round? That's Denver. That's, that's Denver. My number one shoe outside of Aqua eight Chicago. That's my, actually I'm gonna take the infrared shoot six if I gotta take a Jordan and half. It's my favorite. Infrared six varsity. Red is better but I fucking infrared. Six I'm must mess with the varsity red. You gonna take poker the varsity Reds? Yeah. You watch sixes? I like 'em. I like the, I had the green. You know I gotta get the crazy ones. I had the green patent leather ones. I sold 'em though. Oh. 'em called the ones, it was like in the champagne and yeah, matter of fact, I don't have y'all have a conversation speaking the shoes today. I found something for Young Nacho, some shoes for me. Yeah there was some Air Bacons we about to be lit on here. Yeah. Pull them trucks out.


Oh shit. My boy got them bacon. Oh shit. Where you at? You know what I'm saying? Basement. Nah. Shout to my dog Trey. He threw media assist on there. Know what I'm saying? Set up for the holiday. It's only right. You know what I'm saying? Man, I appreciate all these. Hey, y'all don't know what these mean to me. These my favorite shoes of all time. Damn near. I figured they go a little bit better at the club five 20 me, you feel me? Oh God. These damn these tough for sure. Them is hard. These is tough yellow laces. Oh man. I could have found of them forever. Damn. My mama sold DJ stole them for speech. They ain't even socks.


Hey Trey, my dog too. He definitely sent them in the u Ps Box. Box. Shout, shout Trey. Shout out to Trey. Oh. Raw dog to shipment. That's crazy. So good. Hey back in the Nike talk like eBay days. I used to get mad at niggas who don't send me those shoe out without box. Just don't throw that shit in the package bro. Alright bro. I step on all mines bro. All your boxes bro. Yo, keep those shoe boxes. Barely now bro. Barely bro. Where do y'all put, I mean I know you got the like enc casements. I never liked that just because like I, I'm clumsy with shit and I'll get tired of reaching but like I always kept my boxes. It just easy to stack 'em up and easy to move them. I got boxes too though. Oh, you keep the boxes too? All of them. Not all of them. Like I ran out of them joints so I just started putting my boxes and then all the dunks are just in the floor.


I was trying to get rid of them but damn. I only heat the special boxes like the 11 boxes, like the pullout drawers, like the fruity pebble. Like I, I keep those boxes. But if it's a regular Jordan, the all my manure boxes as far too. Yeah I kept, yeah those packaged. I got mine. I got mine. Yeah it yeah, those shit is crazy. So y'all got the clear toast with your shoes and shit in there? No, my everything, every show I have, if I don't have a box for it's 'cause I don't probably care about it no more. I lost it in transit but everything I got typically still in the box. I got it for 'em. Oh okay. Yeah. If I do the box though, like when I open 'em, some of mines they be done bro. Mm. I gotta see 'em 'cause I forget about 'em. Like I had some thirteens the other day was in a box.


He got games? Yeah, they, they filthy. Damn they was, I was like damn are these are new? I don't even know what year it was but they was done. I hide all the heat. I don't, I wanna forget about in my son's closet. A K in my other closet and then I don't go in there shit unless he getting some clothes. I need some help. And then I forget I went through the other day I was like damn, I got some shit in here I need to go through. But other than that I keep shit just in the box. It's just easier for me to like recognize where shit is. Oh for sure. Dang that's crazy In the trash bag. If we move the shoulder likes sitting the nigga. See that's the worst part about it. When I moved the last time I, I went that route. Niggas like oh yeah fall 20 podcasts. I said yeah I'm gonna move these bro. Don't worry about it. Yeah I'll be scared. Hell no. Don't worry about it. Somebody else to move my shit now.


Oh yeah you gotta follow the truck what's so crazy and shout out to them they was a, you know what I'm saying, starting bit. I didn't know they was up and coming business. So I'm thinking I didn't know they was getting out the mud, the dribble, the mud they pulled up. I'm thinking they ain't know they got their own truck. You know what I'm saying? So they pulled up in the U-Haul. I said okay see the play here. That's a real, I see the play here. They just got two things that were strong. Like fuck it. We boo one on one strong. I had to help that nigga for a second. I'm like bro this wasn my bed. Two men and what I forgot what the two men in the truck? Yeah I called any truck I called specifically. Yeah I remember two girls in the cup. Nevermind that was right. My, I remember who got kicked outta school for looking at that.


At school for, I remember they sent that to my, sent it to me at school. Like shake it out. Two women in the cup. You ain't ever seen that? Nah, I ain't know nothing about that. Don't go watch. Don't watch that. What color woman is it Don't. You can buy guests matter. Everyone dunno if you mix it up. That what they do on Dubai like ice cream. That's how they get the Dubai trips. Two girls want Cup Dubai. I shouldn't say damn. Actually if you, if you see tap into the travel Asia. No no. You wanna be a part of this. It's a nasty filter. I might be on a carnival cruise. Nah cruise. That cruise gonna be vicious. Let's just say y'all are so free. It's a lot. It's a lot shit going on.


Yeah it's a r Kelly cruise. You not wanna be a part of that at all. Hey I wish you had a camera right right now. I dunno what the fuck on me. All my kids. You gotta be fucked. 'cause you said she wasn't than she was this nigga, she just went up that way. No she's bro, you hear them jingle Bell. She is a cat. His that nigga said you know, you know you know what? Of course you know what the team all three of y'all got y'all something.


But now we about to take the shit back. Nigga bring him his bitch. We outside today. Say that. What's at the best guys too? Freaky nigga pulled off his Come on Barbie. We ready. We ready game. Oh my God. Oh we on good bullshit today. I was so lost. Who was snapping? That shit was so funny man. Fuck they heard the arm was in the, that nigga did it.


Like damn that's me. Okay. Okay. Look at game for me right out on Barbie. Damn. Okay right on Barbie. Oh damn. Respect the whole production staff. Shout out to the production team. Shout out to Freaky Mike. Shout to the nephew mouth. The As box. Okay we got in here. I don't know why they get me the liquor. Like I'm just, I'm the drunk on team. That's, that's, that's what I had going on this week. Best I don't wanna fuck up this box.


That's what she said. Why box though? I see that I might come with a pistol. Damn. Hold on. Damn. Oh. Oh hell no. Oh hell no. She tell me I got him to 16. You wanna be, we got the bus down. Oh man that's, that's fire. Damn. Yeah. Turn up bitch.


I'm cleaning this bitch. Yeah the said crazy. Shout out to the production team man. Love y'all. Oh man. Now I gotta go back. I gotta go by everybody a give DJ this show Love. I didn't, I done trick though. Niggas. Yeah I bought Mike some shows. Malcolm. Yeah. Shout out to shout out to the Lord. I'll say y y'all significant others helped out a lot. The production team. Some significant others better than others. But it's okay. I ain't y'all under the bus. What my wife say get a bottle. She didn't respond.


Oh nobody. No. None of y'all put shit in. They don't put nothing in. They just was suggest oh this, this is going dark. This is what my wife suggested. So she didn't put no money in this was just give him this. It was a he ain't got one. You keep talking about him. Mm. Yeah I appreciate this. This is going straight to career. This is what she suggested for me. I, Hey, you know what I was bitching about? She wanted a, she wanted a 15,000 bottle of, I was like, I dunno if y'all think we got money like that but we not making money like that. So she ever, she don't even drink like that. And I don't drink Ole on the show like that.


So listen yo. But her suggested hella though. It do. Look, it was difficult to mine. I ain't gonna never open it but it was cool. This didn't hella run in my plow, you know what I'm saying? Yeah that's, you know how I feel about Tom. Four candles for sure. Oh that's fire too. But this definitely gonna go on my bar. We just made a new bar too. So actually this is a a really nice gift. Cool. I appreciate y'all. Appreciate y'all. That's love for real for real. Yeah. I could clear it away for Barbie now. Y'all Shot him out. What did you say? Where you get it from? Oh we got it from grills. Shout out to my nigga Peanut now shout out to Peanut.


We need a club five 20 promo code next year. Thanks. Turn up. What's up bar? What got for us live dj You showed out with these boys. You know what I'm saying? I missed these. I see How to host us now. He hitting crappy Horse. Horse. Yeah, It's which one? The red one facing you. Damn we got a bucket of lift. We got a bucket. Okay. Which one? I got the grand joint that you for sure. Appreciate. You appreciate it. There you go. Damn you gotta drink it by a handle. Shit you motherfucker in your other way's gonna get ugly. Motherfucker got a bucket of that motherfucker. I feel like I'm in K words again. Me shout out to KK what we got?


It's the Fox 20 litmus. It's white cranberry peach with tequila. Of course. Little bit of lemonade 'cause that's what y'all like with fresh cream. Damn. They took your seat, huh? Yeah, I'm like am I even in the camera? Yeah. Okay. You good? Yeah, It's okay Y'all ain't you good money. So y don't forget me back here. I'm gonna just stand up While we got you here. Know I say holiday time. I gotta ask you what's the best Christmas gift you ever got? Yeah, I've not be getting Christmas gifts. I don't know what it is. I normally cut people off by the holidays. Oh you don't wanna get them to gift? No, I like the trick. Oh okay. I just don't, I don't know. I'm an Aquarius and I get in my season while I wanna be bothered and it's normally holiday season so Damn I can't even tell You. Sure. Somebody got you a gift.


We got one gift we got. Or your favorite gift is you got somebody since you say you like to trick. Since I like to trick. Mm Okay. Future. Damn. I know I went crazy one year. Dior Gucci a little bit of everything so Damn. Damn we're damn. How you fuck it up? One of us go hammer time. Yeah you Supposed to show out when they show off for you, you show out for them. Mm. So he showed out. So where he get you? We ain't gonna talk about it but he did. He did year round. So it, it couldn't amount to Carry. I respect. Yeah shout to him. I shout him out. Don't shut him out. What's his name bar? Hell no. Never some love on. Never would I ever Ro Closer to Elroy.


He like Elliot, He looked like a Elroy Elliot. Somebody drunk ass uncle. Damn. No don't do him like that. He show love be double damn. He about to be in the comic mix. That's what them females be doing. They be doubling. Damn. He bought me a drawer so you know but it wasn't around Christmas time but Wow that carries throughout the entire year. Yeah that's he locked your car and you Jon those he still driving it. Yeah, he's still ugly. Stay safe Kings. We miss Kevin say Missouri day the crowd is not yours. He got you the whisky that count for a whole year. Certain gifts count for the entire year. Yeah because He had got me like Christmas time. It's a little bullshit but I was just like I can't be ungrateful. 'cause How long does a car give last though?


Is that shit? Is that two break now? No, I'm saying is that like a two year gift, three year gift? It can't be just one year. You bought Like of appreciation. It's a transfer. Yeah it's appreciation. But you still gimme something next year It's appreciation. Yeah. I gotta get you something next year. I bought you a car. Yeah, I Don't gotta be nothing big but a little something because why would I get, 'cause my, I ain't gonna lie my gift. I could buy you a car. That's a two year gift. Mm, maybe three. I'm sure the car that you buy would be definitely a two three year gift. What? Why you checking my pockets? I forgot Mr. 10. My boy. Nah, two, two years though. If I, it depend on the whip though I guess.


But if you listen now, if I buy you a bullshit car and you can get your own car, we can, I'll probably use something next year. Okay. But if you ain't got no chicken and I bought you a car on my mama until that bitch break down until I feel like you can, you know get your own car, I'll get you a gift. Yeah and I better not ever use Uber or Lyft. Yep. You are now the Uber and Lyft. Yes. No matter what you are available when my car breaks down. You better be the first one. Oh for sure. Slot. I have that roadside assistance. But you are the roadside. You are triple, you're more expensive than my insurance. I, I'm need you. So yeah, shout out to Jacob for giving you that motherfucker sauce. Elroy. Okay, Elroy came. Ernest turn up out to Ernest.


I got the 17 fuck Barbie car. Yeah. Fuck Barbie star. Alright Gabe. Right on. Appreciate It. That's crazy. Shout out to the holidays man. Unexpected gifts man. Nah, that was dope. Today's been a great day already. Shout out to the squad man.


Getting Some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns. They're still a Draftking Sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect? The number one place to bet touchdowns. Grab some tds of Draftking sports book. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the Draftking Sports book app and use Code Club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Listen man, y'all know I'm a diehard Patriot fan and sometimes it's better to be in a building. The atmosphere, the environment. Seeing people you grew up with supporting your local team. Some of the celebs make the environment a super dope feeling. Man listen, I downloaded the Game Top app. Create an account and use my promo code for myself. Club five 20, it got $20 off my first purchase terms again applied again. Create an account and redeem Nicole Club five 20 for $20 off your first experience. Download game time today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


Hi, I'm Jordan and I know you're in the middle of one of your programs, but finding out if Kisqali Ribociclib 200 milligrams is right for you or a loved one means more than you know. So hit pause and visit K-I-S-Q-A-L i.com.


We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan. A complete unknown is now a Golden Globe and critic's choice nominee for best picture. Bobby, What do you wanna be? Whatever it is, they don't want me To be Timothy Chala, me astonishes as Bob Dylan in one of the best performances of the year. Leave the Bums a dime in your Prime and critics rave. Edward Norton is absolutely fantastic. 70,000 people are here and Bobby is the reason For it this Christmas. They just want me sing and blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. How does it Feel? Don't miss the movie. Critics are healing five stars to the Ona. It's pure cinematic magic.


Turn It down. Play live direction And name to a FI and the National Board of Reviews. Top 10 films of the year. Make some noise bd. Track some mud on a corporate complete unknown, A complete unknown. Only in theater's. Christmas Day NAR under 1790, middle without parrot.


Hey guys. Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about faith this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. Yeah, all you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner And still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings. To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joa wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


It's gonna ask y'all Listen a lot of crazy shit happened this last week. Man, be here. The streets, they, you know what I'm saying? Anything that it is updated in the Travis Hunter household. They tagging us. Oh I he got his feet on the camera. Look at Cross. Oh the suitcase He on. He's standing on Bitney. Yo bitch did get you Dick. Yours didn't either. Yours crazy. I throw this drink over mic fight back Mike man over there like waving.


Fight back, come on back. Michael's over there stacking fight back. I respect that. Climb back. I ain't bad at fight. I ain't bad at you. Oh man, I love y'all man. Y'all funny as hell. What's up man? What's up? What's t Hunt man? Man I seen Baby Girl in mu video a couple years back man. They, they, they checked the dice and said that was the time they was together. Yeah. Is she out of pocket for being any music video? Was she with Future? No she wasn't with Future. Who was the music video with? Not too short this gentleman's name. Oh okay. So it was just a nigga just overcoming rapper? Yeah, well she, that's probably what she do is probably where she get her chicken at man. Was she Instagram girl or something though? Oh yeah. Oh well shit, that makes sense.


Travis. Travis probably dropped her off. You know that ain't about nothing. He dropped her off in the video. Shit. If Travis outside, I can't be in the video. I don't like drinking. What's he worse if they let him in the video or if he stay outside? No, nah, nah, nah. Travis ain't nobody video. But you can't, I'm not about to be chilling here while my girls are leading your video that's out of pocket because you're not an actress. Well if my girl is in your video as the lead, what the fuck am I gonna be doing in the boxing out Boxing out? How about a pocket for even being in the video if that's the case? Oh God. You super lame. If you in the video bro, you too thirsty.


Your girl in the front, you in the back. You can't be in background. Your girls starting now. Travis probably walked around the car opened the door for you. Seen seen You ever seen a picture of Mud Bag? Yo. And shorty was taking picture with a football nigga. He in the back. Travis was on that type of top right. And the zoom in is crazy yo. Oh get well soon. Trev now my favorite of them is when you can tell Moneybag is lit in the club talking to her ear. He was sweating drunk on her birthday. That's one my all the time. I swear to God that's my cousin Adam. Don't do cousin like that man. Everybody got that friend or nigga or cousin family member that be doing that though. Niggas get too drunk talk too much. That's definitely my cousin.


A hundred percent for sure man. I know T don't rock with him but we locked in NBA Sentel two for two this week. Yeah. Yeah. Manwell I ain't gonna get to bad first we gotta start with Zion. What they do? Zion. Oh you ain't see what they did Zion about? Nah I got you brother. Don't you worry what read it. It is the who ate, who ate the last piece of pussy. That's what it said. I'm gonna tell you bro. This is how they did. Z bro came back it. Huh? Only y'all look at the Centel. I just seen charges the Why you out there on his shirt? Put that shirt. That's when he walked into the arena with I'm back.


Man they stupid man. Then they got Bow Wow with the Travis Hunter. They put the fake emoji underneath. Oh Anthony Edward, Edward supposed to, he was like he did the whole this the whole breakdown man. He's like see he did. He went crazy. He he killed that nigga. I was wrong. I loved the Intel. Keep doing great work. They kill him. No we appreciate y'all. And then they post it like got 'em like y'all. They childish. I'm trying to tap in. They're the best. They're the best social media site or Earth. I don't care if nobody's saying bro. Bro. Nobody's fucking with them bro. They outta it Doesn't matter if it's true or not. It's even better that they be your bullshit with it. They outta just, they got these niggas, these tweaking out Bow went crazy Bow We bow Wow did an ISO camp. We ain't see Bow Wow in months.


And we didn't need to. He he felt need enough was enough. He keep embarrassing himself man. Lord Jesus. Shout to the Sentel though. That bow wow challenge is always gonna be legendary. That nigga said he was on a private plane bro. Nigga took a picture of him in first class bro. That shit is hilarious bro. What's better That or the bow. Wow. And Soulja Boy dis on Skype but they had all nigga about to tap that as get this figure man what is he doing? Hey that's so crazy that like people growing up down know him as Sha Mo but Bow Well was a legend when we was kids bro. Oh God. He was but when he had that beef with Soldier Boy bro he was, he was done. Yeah he couldn't compete.


Soldier too funny. Yeah, soldier Way too funny bro. Man type that in man. He still be getting on Soulja Boy ass today though. He can't Soulja boy too. Golded. Hey Soulja Boy felt the way when Don Tor got the baby collab. He was like where is my baby collab. He was, he did crack and that's fair. Crack it off though. That is fair. And and our community really for real. But on that side of the urban shit it was, it was Soldier. Yeah they was in PS because of Soulja Boy not because of For real. We know that. You know what I'm saying? Eclipse, we knowed about Star une. It's we know currency that that was the initiation for that for sure. Chad, he, we already know about that. But for niggas, a lot of niggas knew baby for the Soulja Boy after Wayne, I got some baby names.


Who was the, who was the nigga that used to hang with Soja boy? A rap. A rap. A rap. What the fuck is a rap doing? He always up. He was always up next And bro ain't never showed no love bro. Who shit down bro. We gotta go through. It's a lot of people who said they, they homie was up next and they never showed no love. Start the list. A rap was number one of all time a rap was up there for sure. What's the song where they used to? They can't be number one. Murphy Lee gotta be number one. Murphy Lee had his but Murphy Lee wasn't, he didn't strike like he was, what's the one where they used to act like they was squirting on They back to dance was it? Huh? Damn when he, you don't remember who they had that song where it was like swear what we, you know they used to be doing a dance and they used to be like what's that shit called Superman That ho all them niggas Superman.


That ho? Yeah Superman. That ho dj all them niggas. Who is them niggas. That was nigga that was like that dance group. Batman, Superman. Is that what you're talking about? Yeah. I don't know who the niggas made it but, but Arad was supposed to, he was like oh that song or so they was Superman in that hoe. Dancing squirting on her back is nuts. That's a hell of a track. That's what Superman was called. It was like posted to net on her back. And the Stucked, I thought Superman Super Soaker. That hoe Super soaked that hoe so Superman something. Shit, I thought the sheet get stuck to her back or something. So it was like Superman. I'm trying to think of that. That in person. I never, the sheet get stuck to her back as funny as hell by it stuck to a light glue.


The real Oh man, maybe I made that up. Hold up had to, that nigga said that Kate. Oh shit. What's the nigga Kanye your shout out. Really though? He, he was always next up he ain't show him no love. Oh nah, nah nah. Slick puller Slick. Oh Slick Pull was slick the most up, up, up next nigga I ever heard. I still Eddie. He had a gangster grill too. Yes. I wanna meet Slick man. I know you a legend bro. But he was supposed to be up next. He legend. Jeezy spoke high of you bro. You had the most shoutouts ever bro. Bro. Slick P was supposed to be up Slick p who else supposed to be up next? Dang, that's crazy. NA's Bodyguards supposed to be up next so he had the best verse on that song.


Wiley. Wiley. He went crazy. They shit got him a deal. Bus Ram threw Swiff. He was famous for for doing his thing though. Yeah but, but Swift was always there, you know what I'm saying? He played his part for sure. Yeah. I don't think we were trying to get no ISO sleep music at all. But yeah, that's all I can think of right now. OJ Juiceman? No oj OJ had his had his own run for a second. He got a new song out too. That's probably hard too. It's, it's not bad. But OJ had a run for sure. Oj Nah OJ had a shot bro. He said that that bra music was too slow. OJ he had one song. Oh nah we not gonna do that. We not gonna do that. Not gonna do that. Name me two songs he got, he got, y'all know I don't be knowing titles of songs but OJ got more than two bro. Name me, name me. Sing him. You gotta play, you gotta play. That's what I'm saying.


You play bro. Future to Go bro. I don't know say but you can name, you can name 10 Soup, you can rap 10 future songs. You can't rap Copper of Chicken for sure. Quarter Brick Half. No the the famous Hey I'm gonna go through the Graphy bro. 'cause you got OJ fucked up right now. OJ got some slaps. I don't know if its all Apple Music though. That might be a scary part. That was a, that was a tough one too. Only nigga that was really up next that kind of came up and like really took over was walking. Walking was crazy. Yeah makes the Trap. He is on Bricks but they don't really count. Kapa Chickens Fire. Yeah a lot of stuff. He featured on Gucci stuff so it don't count.


Nah, Walker Walker was up. Walker had a run. Yeah I'm saying Walker was up next and he took it and ran with it. I give Walker his for like but OJ the Juice man. No. Damn. No. I'm trying to think of somebody else who was, he had one of the best ad libs that was, I was probably just think of just yeah just Murphy Lee for me though. We man Murphy Can, Murphy had a, but Doug gone be, I watched Love Him cross the thing yesterday and he had the the title song of that song. I mean the title song of that fucking movie. I was cracking up. I was like damn, Murphy Lee had a chance bro. He had two hours but he did not though Crazy Ali did not. He ain't take off. That's not whose fault is that though? Yeah, Ali was RTA Saboni though bro. Oh whoa, whoa. I Rita Saboni is crazy.


He was, bro came to the league too late bro. Too old. I I like that but I feel like we can't get from Saboni 'cause Saboni was elite. Nah, Saboni was elite. What's homeboy from the Lakers? Who got, he had a lot the G league. Andre? Yeah he's Andre. Andre Ha bro he had a lot to do with Nelly's success. He keep telling us every time he gets. Yeah that's what I'm saying. Oh buddy, he was supposed to be up next. Damn I just had him in my head. Pulled nigga with Wayne. Gutter. Gutter. Oh Cole. He was supposed to be That's your, that's your homie. You fuck with gutter, gutter gutter mixed tape. He was supposed to be up bro. Gutter. Gutto supposed that a that's an underground for sure. What's my other nigga? He fucked with the show.


Damn my bad bro. Jay Mill? Yep, Jay Mill. I feel like they had a lot of people on They who? Y-M-C-M-B. Yeah. Yeah Ross was crazy. I was happy back man stopped rapping after the little twist. He got one those craziest verses that's gonna say Dad, I exchanged B cards with the retard. I am happy he stopped rapping after for that. You cannot say that. He said I exchanged what? Exchanged B cards. I exchanged B cards with the retards. Retards something something. Hey he started singing up. Can break that bar down though nigga. I exchanged V cards with the retards. Is he saying he hit retarded Evil? Yeah. Yes. Oh okay. That nigga said three years. Holler me Molly Cyrus. That's Molly was like 14, 15. What he say?


I don't discriminate. No, not at all. Lee Cage kidnap a well I don't know what he said and then he starts singing it afterwards and he stuck his name afterwards. Yeah, yeah real quick. I hear what he said. Nigga says what'd he say about Marley Cyrus? About three years. How that me Moley Cyrus? No you can't say that bro. That's called grooming. It just got progressively worse. He said kidnap a midget of the ass off our break mo.


I'm with that though. Get behind a Christian life. These Lord just make sure she is of age nigga. Yeah no Catholic preacher for sure. Hey man what he stop rap that. That is a wild verse. That's one of the wildest verse. That's why he had stop. That's been penalized a long time ago but it was a different time period. That's they did. How they did Rick Ross shout out I'm putting spot on your name. Philip Collins. We argue about this all the time. Philip tells me that he had the hardest verse on that. Oh you don't even know. Yeah, well that verse is not counting anymore. Put Molly all on the champagne. She ain't even no. Yeah that's crazy. I take her home and enjoy that. That's crazy.


She ain't no Reebok said nigga you would not wear another shoe from us. You're sure Phil you can't do that bro was wild. Can't do that out pocket. That's but what I'm I'm saying that to say McMain shit is way worse than that. Yeah and that's it sound like he was joking though. Yeah I exchanged cars with the, no what I'm saying No I'm saying like his face made us so much noise. No I'm saying it sound like he was trying to like clown Yeah though like yeah he, he clowned himself. I mean obviously the bars was wild but like bro all the shit he was saying was like, like the midgets he start talking about midgets if they ass is soft like he just saying like the most outlandish And you know what's crazy bro, them they be things too. There was multiple people who heard that song and said alright push it because that was a single.


Yeah niggas heard that song was just like, I'm telling they probably it was laughing like this niggas stupid as hell. Lil Mises. They be, they do be strap. Damn I forgot about Y-M-C-N-B. Lil Twist. Lil Twist had one song and faded off. Lil Twist had the tallest mohawk I ever seen. It was wild. Damn. That's a wild nigga. That's crazy. I forgot about that hairstyle. Shout to my boy Tiger though. Tiger had the slaps. Tiger keep hit. Tiger had the slaps tiger also. That's where we got IU fight song from Tiger May IU Fight song. What is it? Hey we want some Pu say Tiger ain't make that song. Oh my kids he did. Luke made that song man. No, uncle Luke made it. Tiger made the new version.


Mike new version drop that beat. It's a new version of this song. Yes when we found out Notre Dame found all that game is crazy. The beat is crazy bro. Tiger hey underwriter mixtapes and he always kept a slap for show too. Yeah him and him and Chris Brown mixtapes do go crazy. Hey honestly we know Chris Brown was always a star but that Tiger stimulus helped Chris Brown get back in good graces. But a lot of people vote. Oh yeah because man Up a fan is Five Tiger folk there when Chris Brown was at his low. For real bro. Nigga for real? I told y'all these niggas be thinking I'm capp. Nah I said that's Uncle Luke's song. No but nobody cares about that bro. It's the new wave bro. Yeah he you playing motherfucker B.


That shit. That's Uncle Luke trying respect. Respect. I'm just telling you. Hey that's literally Uncle Luke voice Tiger Fade the song. Nah that's fire. That'd be hard. Hard bro. Respect though. Respect Uncle Luke. Hey I would spend too much time at homies about watch players club and first of all that's just like out of fucking pocket movie Uncle Luke and them beating them niggas up in that club is hilarious. Why are y'all there? Why did they pull up to the players' club? What was the nigga name that was really outta the pocket in that movie? Junior. Junior. Junior was a sick fuck man.


Fuck Junior. That nigga came out the room sweating. That nigga was a hot, everybody in that movie was a scumbag. I know the OG bro. It sounds D or something. It's it's him. You gotta let the beat drop. I mean yeah they sample uncle. It's just the new iu it fight. Well Notre Dame found out about it 'cause they, you know what I'm say got up in IU ass. That's crazy man. It's a way better football team. IU had a great run this year though. I was gonna ask y about that. They ain't play nobody. I think that's what's, I think this year is going to really first of all them expand the teams. I think it's too much. It's too much participation. Shit. I know there's some money grab. I get it. But like you said, next year sprinting schedule's going to matter a whole lot.


All them power five schools are trying to get in with a at large bid. That shit dead. If y'all schedule ain't gonna be 81 next year and it's gonna be, 'cause iu, IU had a hell of a season to have nothing to be upset about. Best season of school history. But they were clearly out class. Yeah they were bad. And Notre Dame had a shitty loss too. IU was ass, they played one quality football team got smacked. They they played too. Ohio State smacked them and fucking Notre Dame destroyed them. Beat their sleeves off them good season guys and they lost to somebody else too. This was good for the campus. Oh no it's a great year for them. Yeah great, great gray year for them. Hell yeah. Can't get set off fucking drunk tailgate they doing man to get a dub every week. That's fire.


Yeah, but that's, that's going that committee shit. They gonna be on they ass next year. They oh you ain't play who? You ain't got how many top because if I'm one of the SEC schools, if I didn't make it, yeah you lost a lot of games, you shouldn't be in there. But if I'm Bama bro, I'm beating the shit outta IU where they feel confident like I'm beating the shit outta some of these schools that made it. For sure. Yeah. Fuck because you saw a difference between Ohio State and Tennessee. Ohio State beat the doors off the motherfucker I told you was crazy. I somebody took Tennessee, DJ took Tennessee. Yeah I was like y'all drunk. I might might have went on the last word for shit. Yeah, for sure. Fuck it. What? It's, we know it'd be fun if Ryan Day redemption. What if he like run the board? That'd be crazy. I hope if he ran the board that'd be crazy.


I can't be mentioning it but I wouldn't asked for championship. That would be hilarious. I hope we do. That will be Oh yeah, ain't finish that drink. I went to, I went to the gentleman's club last night with my wife. Mm. The most fraud shit happened bro. So we just in there, me and her just having a drink, talking, laughing about some stuff. We ended up going to the movies yesterday. We watched two movies. We watched Sonic and we watched Lion King. Right. Went to get something to eat. Then we ended up going there to have a drink and you know somebody wanted to come dance or whatever. We weren't really interested and we left and she had got some chicken wings. She's smacking these motherfuckers right. Going crazy over the wings. She ain't eat all of them.


But then in mid she came back over to talk to us and she started dancing. So I'm just, oh shit. The with the wing so I'm, huh? She was dancing with the wing? Nah, she eating them like, but she just left him on the table. Came and started dancing. I'm just laughing me and we laughing at this point like she, she like, she dedicated like she took a lunch break and then, sorry going great 30 so you know I know of like a pho so my mind fucked up. So I'm watching her dance but I'm just like, I ain't really watching we, me and P just talking. She just dancing so people say we okay thank you. But she had her hands on the ground. She went right up to that chicken wing. That same one she was eating said I said PI gotta go.


I said I gotta go. Yeah, I was gonna say said yeah she's, I said I gotta go. He was like, what's wrong? I said look at the carpet. And I was like this carpet been here since 88. She just touched that carpet. Ate that chicken wing. I about to pass out here. I'm gonna tell you right now, I love Sunset the death. But they ain't never vacuumed that carpet let alone shampoo. Are they for sure not shampoo on that? That motherfucker ain't been touching this one footprint still in there. She ate that chicken weed bro. I was, I almost lost it man. I, I said PI have to tell people about this shit was like why? I was like I just don't know. That just made my stomach hurt so bad. That is crazy. But also shout out to her profession. Strippers got different tongues though so it is different bro.


I'm gonna say she's probably touch filthier things than that floor. Yeah she probably get trash cans. Wait I ain. Well you know a lot of people, her nigga be having a three second rule. Her shit probably 20. It's just, you gotta think 20 because you gotta think if somebody's comfortable doing that, bro, I, I do this all the time bro. That's why you certain people but stop lunch, break hitting the chicken wing comes to dance and then picking that bitch back up. Nah, I have a question. What if she would've had that motherfucker eaten while she was twerking? I would've been even hyped. I would've been so hype. I would, I would throw some more money. Yeah. I swear to God if she would've danced with the chicken ball I'd probably have been like hey man I got a hundred dollars for you. Damn if you could shake her ass in six piece, you deserve a tip, you're talented.


But she, her home girl was just looking at her like, damn bitch. Like she went right back to that mother fuck. Hey it's almost Christmas dude rent dude too. Right after that everybody after Christmas though. It's a season. I respect though. It was funny though man That's yeah P season RIP. But the crazy shit I heard about Amazon, they got somebody, some coworkers got into it. Yeah somebody aired out the parking lot. They had a casual team. Man. I'm like bull, if you ain't never worked at Amazon, I can see how a motherfucker drive you crazy up in there. Especially peak season. It's a reason why Jeff Bezos got that money. Yeah, Amazon full of shit. They probably still got that rule nigga when I worked there a long time ago. Nigga your lunch break started as soon as you stop touching a box nigga.


And what they'll tell you is it takes you fucking 15 minutes to walk from wherever you're working at to the front of the door. You gotta go through the metal detectors to the parking lot. If you have a 15 minute break you probably have to sit where you at. You probably got some Amazon followers though. Shout to the homies of Amazon Grind man. Keep your head up up in that money. I got a box this place if you pick at Amazon on their first that Sunday through Thursday, Sunday through we, well boy out pocket boy money. This we didn't get no extended contract but shout out to all the pickers if you work first shift Sunday through Wednesday at six, what was it?


Six to four? I fuck with you. That was my shift back in the day man. I was, I did the start, I did that that Thursday through Sunday. That night shift. That was them at the club in the summer. Yeah bro. Oh seven when that motherfucker just popped off in Whitestown. I one of the first ones to walk through that hole bro. Yeah I remember Amazon would you order something? Yeah, my first time order something on Amazon was, see you used to steal a lot. You wasn't stealing all that motherfucker. They was gonna fold you like your motherfucker t-shirt I stole when I was 8, 9, 10 at Amazon. Bro you couldn't even bring your phone inside. They said we sell iPhones, keep that shit in your car. But you done steal for three years.


Scratch I was eight, nine, I was going, you know I want some candy, some Cheetos. But now that I, you know I'm older, I just order off Amazon whatever I need back, back. Hey you see bass on's doubled up. Woo. What do he do back on the block? Got another shorty. Damn. What she look like about to get married? They having a $600 million wedding. Y'all know he wipe his ass with that but $600 million for a wedding is crazy. What are you buying for? $600 million a country. Man, y'all know he got that y'all. No we know he got it but damn, y'all know he gonna find something to do with it. I bet yo his invites is probably so crazy.


He probably invite you with a car that's fire. I'm trying to think like 800 million. Nah. Yeah he sending everybody Teslas bro. That's something crazy tapped in. Yeah, that's crazy bro. Way to Reup man. Shit, ain't nothing wrong marrying again. Fuck. Ain't she damn near tough though? Yeah she, she looks way different than the first wife.


What's going on? I'm DJ Wells, I'm Brandon Hendricks and we are Role Parters over here at Club five 20. Man listen, role sparks. If you trying to get it cracking the right way. If you wanna make sure the tonight's extra special, all you gotta do is tap in. It is a prescription, just follow the instructions online and they will get you squared away if you qualify for this. And if you do qualify for this man, you gonna have a hell of a time be here. Tell the people about Ro Sparks man Ro Sparks brought me back to life man. Me and my wife had a great time outta town and this, this got the moment going though, so shout out to Ro Sparks. Come on man. Simple and easy to use. Let December get that playlist cracking, you know what I'm saying? You might have a little bit more on that playlist. Be in, take it at dinner. Use it at dinner. You know what I mean? When y'all about to cash out on that bill, ride around, hit the highway, take the back way home and you know what I mean By the time y'all enter the crib, it's going down. Come on man. Listen Road Sparks be here. They gave y'all arrested plea. Listen, we are the official Road Sparks partner here. Make sure you use the promo code Club five 20 get you $15 off your prescription man. Tap in. Get online. It's easy. They'll connect you with a medical professional. If prescribed new sexual health patients get $15 off Sparks on a reoccurring plan. Connect with a provider at row.co/club five 20 to find out if prescription Road sparks are right for you. That's right, that's RO doco slash co UB five 20 for $15 off your first order.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank NA Member FDIC.


Hi, I'm Jordan and I know you're in the middle of one of your programs, but finding out if Kisqali Ribociclib 200 milligrams is right for you or a loved one means more than you know. So hit pause and visit K-I-S-Q-A-L i.com.


We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan. A complete unknown is now a Golden Globe and critic's choice nominee for best picture. Bobby, What Do you wanna be? Whatever it is, They don't want me to be Timothy Chala. Me astonishes as Bob Dylan in one of the best performances of the year. Dime and critics rave. Edward Norton is absolutely fantastic. 70,000 people are here and Bobby is the reason For it This Christmas They just want me sing and blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. How does it Feel? Don't miss the movie. Critics are healing five stars. It's pure cinematic magic.


Turn it Down. Play live direction And name to a FI and the National Board of Reviews. Top 10 films of the year Make some noise bd, track some mud on a corporate. A complete unknown, A complete unknown. Only in theater's Christmas Day 3D under 1790 middle. Without parrot, Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber.


Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


We all got a thing obsession. For some of us it's vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture spots. Where designer handbags are the real deal. And all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them and if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any do it yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love


All gender basketball league. Fuck it. But you know how crazy that is. No. If Angel Angel is gonna, it was a bitch on my team. I used to hate that bitch I get your side ass on y'all stupid ass daddy got you out here hooping with the niggas. You know we used to kill in boys league though. Ashley Barlow cold legend Ashley Bar to, she used to kill Ashley Barlow was cold. One of the coldest girls I've ever seen play basketball. I swear to God she was cold. I was like damn she, she really was cold. My favorite probably Porsche though. Shout out to P man. I used to see her really kill niggas though. One hand bandage. She only going right like damn. Shit you putting SMU on your jacket. I'm just saying. I used to just really see you dog nigga.


She only dribbled her right hand. She was cold though. Shout to P man. That's crazy. Yeah, Ashley Bra was ahead of our time. If it would've been like social media hype up now. 'cause she went to Notre Dame before. I mean obviously still prestige, but she got never heard some too freshman year. Oh. Shout to Amber Legend in the city for shout. Yeah, shout to the game. All the girls hoopers. Yeah. Who else man? Damn. What's Bria last name? What's the north central with Little no Bashan bg. That's my dog too. Yeah, she went to bd. Oh damn what? Bria like bass? Yeah, Bria Bass called, went to Tennessee when I mean still prestige but that was a different time period. It was a lot of ladies in the city getting high. High offers a lot of work. Pat. Yes.


Yeah, she Oh damn. That's crazy. I didn't know that. I wonder where she up to. She was short as hell. Sure. Her and her brother. Her brother 10. We was fast as shit. They used to hoop at the JCC all the time. For sure. Speaking of women's basketball, we had Juju verse Paige yesterday. Mm. Good. Match up. Hey girl Juju something new. She's on the way. Y'all got two years in the W. You figure this shit out. She's something else. She blocked her shit nigga and took that bitch coast to coast on her. Yeah. Elite and powered up. Yeah that was, yeah she, she different. She is different. She's, I bro, she's definitely the best basketball player on the female side that I seen play. I think she, she's on her way to be but I'm not gonna lie though. I seen Maya Moore though.


Yeah, Maya Moore was kind of like, that's still my goal. My Moore is a little stronger but her handle bro. I don't know bro. Her game is so smooth bro. Juju is raw bro. She kind of got like a dude like movement. She don't even shoot like a girl bro. Yeah. She like shoot lot of girls got that push shot. She shoots step backs and stuff kind of like her game's so fluid bro. It's crazy Like a dude and like that's, that's, that's De Maya was coach too. She didn't have no, you know No WNBA that pushed you. Nah. Yeah too. Simone Guus had a clip too. Shout to Simone but she likes, she ain't more athletic than Maya Moore but her movements are a little more fluid than Mya.


I don't know though. That's tough. 'cause Maya Moore was because I feel like if Maya was at a school that she could've shot the bar every time about Juju. It'd probably me numbers too. Like Maya Moore was like a trained killer like hers Look real. Maya Moore is Kobe. Everything was textbook. There you go. Yeah. It was like she is literally Kobe broad. Yeah no Western movements. Get to my SPI writes up textbook. Hers is kind of like she Kyrie bro. Yeah it's kind of like got her her own flow. It's kind of like Anthonys she kind like Yeah bro. She kind of be flowing with it. Yeah. I like damn she blocked her shit. Nigga took that bitch down, got to the block, put that bitch through the legs. I shit. Yeah. Yeah. She just doing what the fuck she want. She comfortable. How y'all feel about Paige? 'cause I have a different take about Paige. I've al I think she's nice of course, but I haven't been as high with her as everybody else is.


No, I think she got hurt. I think that kind of hurt her a little bit when she, she saw a CI think that just set her back like she was super cold before she got hurt. But now I think she good but I don't think she, I don't think she Juju and I don't think she Caitlyn. And at one point I used to think she was better than Kailyn and that's where my conversation I used to stem from was like people was just like Paige and come like eh nah I just hate Caitlyn. No. Like she's nice. Don't get a fucked up. But no disrespect, she's cold. Nike athlete Elite for sure. Obviously the injuries are setback. She'll be back fine when she gets to W for sure. But she ain't Caitlin. I don't think she ever was. No, I just seen Caitlyn do a lot more with less I seen against Sarika now that's yeah different bro because you put, you put Cece on them Yukon Squiddies.


Woo. They're definitely going to that championship that's, you know, back undefeated again every year. That's crazy man. Nah, Juju's nice man. They they got like we was talking about last episode, like the women's basketball side. Especially for the Nike situation man they gonna be crazy in the next couple years because you mentioned Enrique too. She had some Air Max plus came out last where she crystal joints. She a dog in the W that don't get enough push. And now like you said they started to see more investment in the hot that side bro. Yeah we gonna see a lot more bro. 'cause this's a lot of bugs going up on they side for sure. Yeah, I'm, I'm a fan of Juju game though. Oh. And like I don't be looking at her like that but she's not like ugly. No. You know what I'm saying? Well kept yeah she look like out the way like she's a college kid obviously living her life but out the way she know the assignment.


I fuck with that. And she like look like no she's marketable for sure. Put it that way. And I like the fact that she be having her family with her too. Like you see both the parents in there, motherfucker showing love one of these, one of these NBA players don't get a hold of her an N NBA player. They just waiting. Oh niggas gonna try bro. I mean yeah I mean of course bro. I mean shit. I mean damn the shout the holiday the Grinch really stole. That shit sound like Friday afternoon Where Ricky Smiley at man. Hey he's the best set of all time. That nigga a little black motherfucker. My kid put up this tree. Y'all know we cheap because I swear to God Trees is $20.


Who could put a little green behind? Hey listen that nigga made one on the wall. I paid top dollar for a designer. Oh hey listen I ain't got no SMU production team. I love my Christmas gift. Shout out to y'all. Oh I don't got no smu. I'm just saying we coulda just bought a tree. Damn. What kind of liquor is that shit? I asked Mike, they think I'm the drunk. You know I ain't, how much was it? I feel like bad Cent. It was, it was a nice price. Yeah you got the ghosts and Crow That look elite though. That's about 400. I asked his significant other, she said he liked this brand and I asked for the most expensive version of that. I ain't gonna lie, she don't know me that I don't like this brand.


I I shy of the pea but me Him did talked about that is a headache. Yeah, no disrespect to the game. You got the luxury headache. That's why. How much was it? But you know respect. Sorry. You, you definitely, you don't really drink at the house. Okay just go go there lot people be like that's a beautiful bottle black. That's why you know she ain't black. Oh nope, nope. Felise not be died. Shout out to the game. Oh. I didn't know what that meant until I was grown. We so that at elementary every year that shit slap.


Don't wonder why all the Spanish motherfuckers always happy. That's the only thing they can say when we six is that what we the other day we was talking about it. We have to. Yeah. Yeah the spot buddy speaking sneak you see the Hardy brother singing. Oh my mama bro. Somebody tag me that I was not reposted that and indeed stop sending me every wrestling clip that show. Nah you locked in. No that was hard though. Shout Hardy. I fucked 'cause they knew it. Yeah I fucked with it. Back to the Hardy Boys. The Hardy bros been wrestling my entire life bro.


They need a lifetime, a achievement award and we get tagged in every wrestling. When do wrestlers get to retire? 'cause undertake work to he they are dead. Everybody it's been eight different st things. Like they need a retirement play in the wrestling bro. They a pension. Oh nah. Fucking they got that shit. Damn. They need to bro. I think they like independent contractors. Damn. Damn it. 10 99 of them niggas this was running the hard operation. I think they are though. Shit. I know they used to be. I don't know now I know when they first started niggas independent contractor. Well I know them life insurance policies on them niggas is something else. Oh they, they say oh you do what for a living not here now. Yeah we are not off you. They not signing off on nothing. Jumping off them cages shit bro. Nigga you're I max away from Jehovah.


No we're not Insure you buddy n to give them niggas a pension. That's crazy bro. I don't think they get no pension bro. Bro. No bro, they not playing bro. You see how much been like them veterans bro? Nah, straight up. I seen one of the veterans on the court bro. We got pension independent contractors. I knew I about to say that's crazy. God damn. But they contractors are set up like employees but they wrote up as independent contractors so they don't have to offer 'em health insurance. So these niggas jump off of and they gotta pay for their own health insurance and they gotta pay for their own ER trip. That says that's for majority of all. Well I'm sure the the bigger ones are some type of Yeah they're insured but like if you just get on the roster you gotta get it out the mud. Damn.


Yeah they be saying they get paid like like independent contractors for real like how many hours you work? I was preaching this dude named Maven, he be always telling like on YouTube about his pro wrestling career and he'd just be telling stories and he like yeah when I worked I did the pay-per-view, I got an extra 2,500 or 25,000 or whatever it was. And I was like oh damn Hmm Yeah 25,000. He was like you would be sick if you didn't make the pay-per-view 'cause you don't get that extra bonus. You know what I mean? So I'm like oh they independent contractors. I wonder how much the niggas make. I wonder what the highest like wrestler Roman Rain's probably making a couple million right now. Y'all are gonna say the top end guys, they make shit ton of money. Yeah they got guaranteed contracts though.


Oh okay. That's dope. So he probably making a couple million. That's a lot of risk you take him boy. But they work every week. They on the road every week. They go from show to show. I think it used to be back in the day when like we was watching wrestling and shit was like people wasn't thinking it was fake yet. They used to run work like 300 days out. 365. Yeah because if you wasn't working you was traveling to the next site or you had to do a fan situation or a set up and then yeah that shit crazy getting 65 days off isn. This ho Hogan crib was fire God. Well he was an anomaly. John Cena crib fire. That was one of the Staples shit attractions shit. Then the Rock ran that.


The Rock and Stone Cold ran the Attitude era Really ran that shit up. Yeah I was really tapped in back then. Rock and Stone Cold. I was fucking with that for sure Man View that used to hit different Brock. The high who? Brock. 12 million Rock Ner. Yep. 12 million a year. Roman rains is five. Damn. Brock Wener getting to it. John seen the 8.5. Damn And then there's a fall off 12 most of what? A hundred thousands or a couple s? I mean nah Randy more like 4.5. You got some threes, threes, threes, twos. I mean that ain't bad but goddamn my nigga Randy or that's my favorite wrestler of all time. Damn bro. They showed an old clip of him walking through a crowd like one of the kids punched him and he walked back to him and looked at him.


They was just like boy if you knew Randy origin story man. Well how he used to be bro, you would've got murdered bro. He said he mighta fucked that kid up. And the wrestlers boy anybody interfere with the show, any fan show up. They was really beating people ass. Imagine you just trying to be on some chill shit. Try to show off and get your neck broke. They was fucking people up bro. Like six. Oh he like 6 4 2 75 bro. Yeah bro that shit's crazy. I didn't know he was that big bro. He humongous bro. 6 4 2 7 5 is huge bro. Ridiculous. Damn false. That's crazy. Brock making 12. Hey man, shout out to the holiday season. He married to Sable. For real? Yeah, that's his wife. I dunno why I thought she passed but Respect thought she still here with us.


Hey man it's holiday season, you know what I'm saying? Be here. It don't be here. What's up man? See how niggas casually. Well you don't be kill niggas off on this show so we gotta go to you afterwards. Mark Henry, he still didn't see his salary. I just seen Mark. I just seen Mark Henry. They had a, he had a show, he had a live concert. Excuse me. Everybody was singing his theme song. So he just performed his, his intro. His intro music. On my mama EJ just killed Joe Beach bro. It's live. I ain't messing with Blay. I ain't either. I ain't say shit. CJ said it so cool. Oh. Oh I thought she passed. I thought she was gone bro. Mm respect. Shout to Sabel.


She here healthy. Hallelujah. I ain't saying nothing about him. They pull up on you boy. Fuck on him. And I recap. We have to go through the list of people we killed off this year. Louis, please. Who did we kill off this year in 2024? Charles Oakley. I mean no I not say that. Well there's a new one. I don't know why I said his name. It was, I don't know who nevermind. He said somebody else was dead. For sure. Listen man, we had a little bit of a contest and we was able to bless a couple people this year for the holiday season. Be here. Tell the people more about it man. Oh man. Shout out to the, to the young lady. We looked out for the family man it was, it was fun. We ran through Target, let her go crazy, you know what I mean?


Pulled back up to the spot. What's that show that you going on? Blind dates. What that you talking through the The wall in their I know what you're talking about. The name of that motherfucker. Yeah. Hey y'all seen the ultimatum on Netflix? Nah bro, it is one of the most wild shows ever. Niggas go there if they, you know what I'm saying? They like, all right, we don't know who want to get married or not. Alright so somebody issues an ultimatum so they go to this place where it is like six different couples. So basically you can talk to whoever you want to. Wow. During that time period. So you have a quote unquote trial marriage, right? So you find somebody that you vibe with, y'all have a trial marriage so you deal with them for three weeks and then you go back home and deal with the girl you came with for three weeks and then you come back to Reunion and make a decision A the niggas on that show half been wild and if you tapped in, JD is one of the coldest niggas of all time Now see I would do some shit like that.


Why? This is just for the like I'm bro what about you find a A joint? Let's just say Holly, we gonna talk about Holly Berry too, but let's say Holly Berry there and she one of your girls that you meet while you on the thing and then you gotta as if we ain't got no situations, y'all don't fuck and you gotta go three weeks. You get to talk to Holly Berry and be around Holly Berry and then three weeks later you gotta go back to your girlfriend and say am I gonna get married? I ain't never coming home Harlem Sunshine. Nah. 'cause I don't really know. It depends on how long I've been with my joint though. They on there basically Halle Berry is special. I ain't sleep but I'm pro probably go back home though. I would just want do it just for for the shit stuff. But the funny part about it is like everybody's just on some bullshit and they dirty Mackin too 'cause niggas really like all right I'm trying to holler this girl but I don't want this nigga to get to my girl.


It's hilarious bro. Yeah that's crazy. And the niggas on that show are on there clowning bro. But you gotta go in there and have fun though. I gotta check it out. Yeah I gotta get spinoff pull this motherfucker down but pulls. I'll take that one because that was crazy. Definitely after he just snapped his hands in there he Oh no no but did you see what Lisa Ray said about Holly Berry? Hey man what Lisa Ray said the Holly Berry ain't getting a cracking in big good enough to keep a nigga and she has been what she has been on. I don't know why she's been in the news so much for somebody has a threesome with them. Nah, she said, she said shout out to that brother if he did. But all I know is that been in the news and they just been like, Lisa Ray got all these rules too and she ain't got no nigga either.


They said how she got all these rules about a nigga that's supposed to approach her and be with her that don't have a nigga the bitches without the damn rules said Holly Berry can't keep a man 'cause her she not good in bed. That's what people been telling her. Damn. Yeah don't ever go Eric. Yeah don't ever Eric, Eric did a good decision. Eric Niggas is still taking they turn. Eric, Eric definitely did the right thing. That's like a girl putting on the internet. I don't know but he said shit probably need to be in an Uber but that's like a girl putting on oh his dick Little if a girl like you bro, she still gonna watch. Try yap bro. Facts so you know what I'm saying, like Lisa. Right. Get your hay dance on.


Ain't nobody talking about your big but ass little brother you got over. There's confused. So who her brother bro. DB the real db. You know what I mean? I love DB but hey man come on you can't be, why are you speaking on Halle like that? That's hate that is bro. It was hate and it's like wait, because niggas still gonna try Halle Berry. Yeah like nigga get to Holly house and be like wait I heard Lisa Ray said no I'm still coming. I out What that shot is about? I, I'm gonna find out what Lisa talk about. We see, let see if it Lisa, I report, I'm gonna tell about Lisa we throwing it off the glasses. If it's Lisa or Holly Berry, who you pick? Holly? No Holly.


Shit. Shit me, I'm Charlie if comfortable Lisa, Lisa and Tubie movies. Holly head back account is solidified. Did Catwoman I'm club, Hey I'm a player club nigga. I ain't tapped into the fiction of shit. I'm a non-fiction nigga. I'm just saying that. Fuck that. Y'all crazy. All white or Nicole? I I got so shit, the reason she was in the news the other day because Nicole Murphy allegedly slept with her ex-husband. Right. The Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Right on the island or whatever you do. Right. And I was gonna ask y'all, who y'all taking?


Lisa Ray and Nicole Murphy. He, he made a good decision generational talent but she snitched on Nicole Murphy too. That's it. She okay. I can't do Lisa straight. Damn. Oh wow. Oh yeah. I can't deal with Lisa. She a woman though. That's how you though. Yeah Lisa. Hey I don't know you get to where all white living fits year round. You can't be snitching on me. Fucking on me. You said fuck it. So y'all figure Cole though bro. The coworker. I take Nicole bro. I'm taking, Nicole got and that's disrespect to Lisa. Right bro. Every day of week. That's what I just watched players' clothes.


Lisa Ray was a elite in her prom. Yes bro. She was but Halle was too. Halle Berry. I don't know I, there would never be no disrespectful for Halle Berry. No I like Halle Berry on, on Boomerang. That's shit. I like her on bad. I like her on Cab Woman, I like her on everything. She, she was more, she was more men than Boomerang 'cause they was trying to downplay her. Nah bro. But she was like, they was trying to downplay her in that row bro. They let her get her shit off bro. She would've did seen the potential. They tried to make her ugly on losing Isaiah and she still look good now. That's one thing she gonna do is she gonna lose some kids. That's why I say I like, we gonna have kid free weekends fucking with Holly. Her kids always get lost when she ain't around. What's that a movie called Call or some shit got lost.


Their kids Ain't Never Around. It's a peaceful weekend with Holly. Damn Holly. Berry's tough though. Yeah don't lose Isaac. Isaiah try to make her weak and she still was fun. Damn that's tough. I like that Holly Berry verse now. Monster Ball that's lil, he let Billy Bour and Cook that's kind like all right you outta pocket but respect Queen. I mean shit, he did have old girl too. She decent. Yeah I'd be surprised not Billy Bob, him, this is Elite actress. He had a what's her name Angelina didn't. Yeah Angelina Jo Lee used to be fired. Oh yeah Elite. I gone to 66 the other day I was here and said boy this was pre Glo up nigga. She ah, she was weak. Oh yeah she looked like Kyle Curric and that movie. Damn shit. I don't remember her ever being weak. Yeah. And I about to tap in. Yeah the or DJ is a tough critic.


I'm always about seeing it through. Ah that's when she had them dreads. Yeah they trying to make her look bad. She still was hard though. She looked like a what you saying Mike? You nothing the the dreads is nuts. They was trying to nothing. Right. That's crazy. Was they, that was kid Raw. They was trying to make her weak. Man. That's crazy bro. Why would they do her like this? Mike always go into the fucked up picture. Well the girl he like he going to the I know the show you before the no, never now asked him what Beyonce pick your shorts when he pull her up. Oh Lord. He never goes to the nose reduction. He just don't have no bad pictures. Lemme see man, go to me. Why do you like Megan like that bro?


I mean I understand. I don't Nah bro free Tory bro. That too but that too was funny but he really shot her yo. But I don't think he did man. But I hope he did but I think she attractive but like nah Mike loves like that's like your number one bro. No, Maya would be number one. I put you on the spot. Maya Moore just say damn jail Bird. That's a different photo. I dunno that shot got a nigga outta jail so we might need to revisit that later. She probably dunking on get a post. She definitely, she'll definitely beat you one on one for Moore beat you one on one.


I I I agree. I'm nothing, ain't no girl ever beat me one on one. On my mama. I was gonna ask you this question girl beat me 1 0 1 bro. I swear to God I'd never pick up a basketball game. I was gonna ask you this question. You gonna overly play though. Hey yo prom beat did somebody, did somebody approach you like that? Who did Somebody approach you like you know somebody was hooping for real for real Like a girl won't play me. Yeah hell nah beat that. Niggas just too strong for that though. He going over, he over that Sky digs tried to say she could beat you before like you not even that good. I was like girl I would nigga you can't score on UConn. What is you talking about? That's when they stopped being cool. I aggress that's when that he was really mad about that. That was so, yeah Emily was really mad. Emily her friend was over there. I think she might be Nigga I would kill both of y'all the same time he was gonna try to duck on.


Yeah like what? That's what I'm saying sometimes that's why I'm like when you tested some nigga it's kind of like they're gonna overly play. I'm gonna just to prove a point like I'm going to run you over and then you and like not have no feelings toward you. Yeah you fucked her sternum up. Yeah. Trying to go through the crazy. Yeah that's a different type of drive in NBAI don't think. No WNBA player could be any N NBA player though. Hell nah. It's old. It ain't I think, I think it's a couple who could definitely be in consideration for sure. Depending upon a matchup. But that, like you said the physicality, it's just too much bro. Nah nigga at who? I'm, I'm just shooting some bell bro. I'm shooting some bail. Officer gave me next trying to get some tickets and some Well thereby, but he trying to some respect. You got some too 20? I don't want, I don't want them. Oh not a gain bridge ain't 20 0 35 my oh not no more.


Nah, Caleb got a different pool. We went that game on a Sunday so now I ain't gonna lie. No disrespect. It's different. It's a bad game. What might look like that? He like please nah, I was saying so Asia Wilson can't be nobody in NBA hell. Hell nah. No. That might get spooked. Not one. Not one, not one. They did the whole, we talking to bench players. Everybody know no sha nigga. I'm just asking, y'all know niggas on the bench used to average 40 in high school and nigga 20 in college all type. It's funny because I did, she was on off the Knicks Niggas podcast. He was like Jalen Bruss and Josh Har, she was just like, if me and you play Josh Har who gonna win the game? He said me, she, she's like 11 seven. He was like me 11. Right. And they just had like a really funny joke about it. She was just like, nah, I'll get y y'all outta here. He just like, nah let's not joke about that.


Yeah let's not play around bro. Like niggas really going beat your ass like yeah nah the top WNBA player is not beating the, the 12th man not beating. No he's not, she's not beating a nigga in the G League so she not beating a nigga in college. Alright, so we here now Katelin or Brody 1 0 1 nigga ca I mean I'm saying bro, I Kailin would not score a point on Le on Bronny bro. She wouldn't, she might not even get a Sony's beating Asia. Yes, you gonna kill Asia. Im I'm I'm taking Draft Kings over on Asia. I swear to God Bronny would be fool her bro. Y'all are crazy. Nah, DJ's bugging bro. He would be her 20 zero bro.


DJ put that on, be here and crash out. I swear to God he'd be her 20 zero bro. Speaking of the crash at eight, Steph owe us some money man. Steph old man LA Crash, y'all parlay was all there. All step needed to do was get 20 and he gave us what, three, two points. Two. Shout out to Steph man. He knew the fix was in. Yeah, he keep the, keep the crash out. But shout to all my supporters. Y'all like we we, we gonna get one. Steph just, you know he, he pulled out, you know what I mean? You how much y'all think the world would pay to see Brody versus CC bro? He'll beat her by 60 bro. He would legit beat her 20 zero.


Bryce James would beat her 20 zero. I think he got Kailin Clark. I dunno if he get ages he would be her. He can't be age the same size. That's my whole point. So he 10 times, he 10 times more athletic than her boy. Yeah we are, we a hell 10 times at her. This is getting clipped up tomorrow. Are y'all fucking serious right now? He 10 times more athletic than her. He can do everything better than her. She a girl bro. Like he physically is way more like imposing. I'm just saying. I mean she's a good per a hooper. She's a so she a good person. She a hooper like, but no bro, that's a man bro. Oh man. We to say to this is what I would say.


And I, I mean I agree with Jeff but I do think Juju could beat a nigga in college. Oh. Depends what college you go to. Yeah. I mean a nigga at Lehigh. No, no, no. So you saying they can only be Juco niggas under Juco? Not even, it depends the new age, Juco old because know the niggas ju ain't got no limit now. So it depends. A freshman she probably could beat some high school kids. Alright. I dunno. Judge, she can beat some high school kids. She's not beating all the pike. Hell no Jar kill her. Okay. On me. Yeah. Like what? No, I'm just asking questions.


But she will be some of them for sure. Yeah. I'm not saying like she can't be but a college player that played D one basketball and up. No she she could be, she could be the college bro. Y'all, I got a little bit of effect in that for sure. Well y'all serious d y'all bro. Y'all all right. A D one college player, she could beat the nigga at Chicago State. And I love hell why Chicago? Chicago State bro. Shout to my other nigga. Unless the fix was in bro. But she could really, if if a fix was in then I wouldn't bet. But he told me like for real I'm gonna beat her like I'm gonna play for real and like we had to. I would bet anything. Mm. That freshman at Chicago State and Juju Watkins, she gonna get killed. She's just not athletically enough.


Like you gotta think that he just, they just gonna run her over bro. I don't think it'd be that easy just to run her over bro. I mean you, you, you, you damn near charging. You damn near it's you gotta play. I just, this is what I'm saying to you. That's why I was told you like I know you gonna overplay, you could be the motherfucker regardless. You know what I mean? But I'm just saying like a nigga playing his game like he play in school. Verse her, she got a chance bro. No you gotta put a battery in one of these niggas back like no nigga drive to the hole every time. No they playing one-on-one. Yeah, they D one athletes bro. Like think about all the niggas that play one-on-one basketball on YouTube. Right. These niggas went to low D ones, all that stuff.


They'll kill her. So you're saying filet getting Juju outta here. Murder Jesse. People that lower level Jesse. Jesse Raw, like Devvin little bro. Devon's gonna kill her. Shout to D Woods. I'm taking Devon 'cause I love him. He'll physically just kill her bro. I'm taking Dev because I love him but bro I I she could be the nigga on Devs team or my mama. Yeah, I ain't bro my kid, she could be the nigga on dev Fame for sure. Probably 'cause I don't know the nigga on dev team. Yeah I guess let's, let's get off the top. We gonna hear more or about this tomorrow. Merry Christmas to ya inboxes for sure. I'm with you bro. You know how, you know what I mean? You know I think they good different, the physicality is different. Elite.


They elite girls but just physically they just not strong enough. It's not fair. Why we gonna, that's why like even when people be like, you know when sports now with you know people be like nah they shouldn't let girls play and all that stuff is like they just too strong bro. Yeah, yeah. I mean no girl could play like them having them niggas in wrestling. I mean respect to whatever gender you assume to be. That's cool. But like you said bro, it's come on bro too. Sylvia Fowles couldn't have played in the NBA. No it's not fair but it's not fair. She was a killer of her sport. She's a Leslie. No, no. Too small. You green. Yeah you green motherfucker elbow, you top your I ignore her in the post like yeah for sure she fucking around. Gimme a bucket though. She tall. Let's give you a couple buckets for sure.


Nah. Said you might get a bucket. No couple King you doing. That's what I I I wanna ask y'all this. I know you talk about Weby and Trey a lot but I've been seeing a lot of rumors. What do you think would be a better fit? Trey and Weby or D Fox and Weby can't go wrong. I gonna say either way is a is a hell of a, you know what I'm saying? One, two punch. But you know what I'm saying. That's crazy. If you get D Fox and Weby together, I think D Fox is elite. Elite player. I think Trey Young's elite. I don't think you go wrong in either way. I think Trey Young is more of a pass passer. I think D Fox is more of a score but Trey can score at a high clip.


But I think Trey could make win look really, really good. But so can D Fox, I mean shit. Yeah, I got that. It's just two different styles. But I think for the Spurs they probably would prefer D Fox 'cause I think other guys can play off of him. Like I think the rookie castle could play with Fox. Yeah he could play with Trey Young too, but I just feel like the defensive end, yeah it would be a little different for sure. And he's, he's high on that rookie of the year list as well. You know what I'm saying with Jeremy McCain being injured. But I just thought it was an interesting conversation. You know what I'm saying? That a lot of people monitoring Def Fox situations like all right, you know he ain't some extension if if shit ain't turned around it might be time for him to go somewhere else where he could flourish and be in that natural spotlight like he deserve.


And he signed a clutch. Yeah, they working. They working. Oh yeah, they working. They working. Yeah. Rich ball probably working for sure. I just, it is just me. I mean shout out to him. I mean he made a money already, you know what I mean? So it is different. I could never, I'm not in his shoes. It's a different feeling when you've made a max deal and life is probably a little different. Yeah, yeah. By me. I'll just never leave bro. Like, you know what I mean? That's kind of nigga I'll just be like cool. Like y'all wanna just let me be the the man forever and I'll set records and all that shit. Maybe we don't win. Everybody don't win. Yeah. It's a fact. Like, you know what I mean? Like there's some great players, Carl Malone, Melo, everybody ain't gonna wanna chip. I know the goal is too, but I would rather like, alright well I'm gonna try to win that motherfucker if we don't, at least I know I was the shit and then for the rest of my life, three maxes in this bitch straight up.


I'm cool with that. I'd be the coldest nigga ever from Sacramento. And I think that would've like I, I don't wanna keep talking about PG when we on here, but I think if PG would've did but that with the Pacers, it would've been looked differently. You know what I mean? Oh yeah. Hell yeah. Oh totally different. Yeah. I think he would totally different think he looked appreciated a little different. We all think he could Yeah. Glorify him. Yeah, glorify him. Like he would've took over Reggie Miller. Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. He'd been here long enough. Yeah. Yeah that's, that's unfortunate part 'cause just like I can't go against what you want. Like Yeah, a lot of Pacers people went harder. Him from wanted to leave bro. He wanted to leave, he wanted to be in a different market. I can't blame him. He's from California ain't me. If he wanna be in Indianapolis, Indiana, even though we love it bro, we get it. But in matter what will happen, we know it was kind of weird on both sides. But yeah, if he was a pacer for life, it's a different situation.


Ah man. I think he'd be looked at. So DI think he'd be so loved, not just here but like just across the league. Like people would be like, he'll be looked that different I think when he left and went to go play for other teams and didn't win. Yeah. And shit like that. People like ah, like you know you got guys talking bad like, like he not better than them. Yeah. You know what I mean? Saying stuff like you ain't a superstar, you, he traveled multiple teams. Niggas would be like, bro, what's the point? Yeah, yeah. Like D Lewis said, keep switching teams running from the grind. Boys feel comfortable saying that about him bro. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, but Russell probably, I, I mean Paul George, I'm gonna shoot him some because going to team up with Kawhi, it is like, bro we gotta win bro.


We cold bro. No they, they cold. I, I get, I'm saying I get it. I know why people want to leave and do that shit. I'm just saying for me personally, I would just try to like, no, gimme the trash. Control everything. Control. Yeah. I'll just try to stay here and like, hey man, y'all need to trade for somebody, y'all need to do this, get this person out. Like we need to make this happen. You know what I mean? And I and he was trying to do that. Yeah. And the S wasn't really going. Yeah but I still would would've been like Davis bag up. Yeah. I still would've been like, let me get that five year 2 65. Yeah we go, I would've just kept, oh I want a new extension. Especially here. Yeah. I would've just kept and that's why a lot of people talking about like Anthony Everett's situation with them having such a down year quote unquote for them. They're just like, yeah.


You know what I'm saying? He just gotta pay. He got a year know you gotta deal with it this year but next year get them complaints out or you, you can hold 'em to the far, now you got the bag you can hold 'em to it anywhere you go to gonna have you three years bro. I, I'm one of, I'd rather just be loved wherever I'm, and then when you do that you kind of love Derrick. That's why Kobe so loved. Yeah. Like he was loyal down even though Kobe wanted to betrayed you and stuff. But the fact that he didn't leave the Laker, you can't say anything about Kobe Bryant. Not to a Laker fan. Shit. Look at Reggie Miller bro. He's so loved here. Love here. It is different. It is different. Loved here. You can't say shit about Reggie Miller. Nah, nah. Like Dirk can't say shit about Dirk. Steph the same way.


Yeah. Also dur hunting banner up that do make a difference too. Or ain't hang nothing up. You shorten it. I'm good. Right on B you can't say nothing. You can't. But now a lot of people would be like, all right, is that, that whole loyalty to the organization shit different. 'cause the way everything happens now, like you said a nigga get hurt you out the door. It's like is it worth being loyal nowadays? Quote unquote. 'cause you know they mix that loyalty up for a whole lot of selfish reasons. I know. I mean and going back to the PG thing, he heard trade rumors about himself. You know they talk, they said Tre talks and all that stuff. So that would make me feel the way too. So I probably want to get outta here too. Yeah, that Gordon Harry shit was crazy. Yeah, yeah that Gordon shit that day. I can understand why he felt the way about that. He just, he I'm a hundred percent cool. That was a wild day. I'm, I'm a hundred percent cool with him leaving like the way they did that, that was whack.


Yeah that was wild. Yeah and like hearing trade rumors and all that stuff, that's whack too for your franchise player. Yeah. So I get why he left. But I was just saying like as far as I hypothetically you thinking like shit, just stay and chill bro. Make all the money you can make all the money. Be a man franchise leader, everything. Retire your jersey, all that stuff. But I could also see like at some point, like you said after you signed a deal you got that max deal, you look comfortable like alright I'm trying to play when it matters. I'm tired of being fucking on vacation April bro. That's what I'm saying. I could, I could see both sides. I'm saying a nigga like me have been like shit. All right. Get 'em next year man. T average 28 and 10. Especially with this bread now. Yeah, I'm 28 and 10.


You won the NBA. He made all NBA 13. All six s is up. I wouldn't give a damn another NBA allstar under my bucket. The Sacramento ain't that bad. They didn't make the playoffs again. Oh. Oh shit. Sacramento ain't that bad. Stop shit. Nah, nah bro. Not when you gonna be done hooping at 37 38. Yeah. Shit, that's the crazy part about it. I live where I wanna live when I'm 40. Because you looking at him now he's on the verge of getting another max deal and he's still there in Fox so he's probably gonna have another fire ass deal after that. That's crazy. He still young bro. Baby them Ty, he gonna see you over six, 700 million. Yeah Tyrese and them, them his babies in the NBA bro bro.


Almost half a B off hooping. This crazy. Jason Tatum gonna get another ah yeah he's going, he's off the string. He probably make a billion dollars in his, we gonna, we might save that from the morning but we going, we gonna do start comparisons about how y'all glorify certain shit that Luca do and then they, I'll play it with Jason Tatum do it. We'll say that for Oh when he had his stats. Hey it it's, it is low key getting blatant now that that game that he had and nobody talked about it. Yeah bro. Yeah that's why I it because I was like and he Luke I ain't, I'm gonna keep it being, I'm gonna stamp it. Luca not better than him. Mm He not bro. I don't know what he do better than him. I mean he might pass better.


He facilitate better. He facilitates pass better. He do. That's it. He might rebound the same. JT Gar better than him. That's a fact. I like JT over Luca but I fuck with Luca off the strength of the fat nigga game. He outta shape and he running the NBA Hoka Don. Yeah I I just think JT got a better chance of stopping him than he got of stopping JT the way he dragged the sons bro. Yeah but you plugged me in the chip. I just seen the picture drag the sons nothing special. This nigga ain't you just seen you in the chip. Hmm. I get it. I love jt. That is a very valid point. I just seen you wouldn't have mattered the most.


Yeah, nah, I love JT and I'm taking JT over Luca but I'm Hey I'm Luca bro. I put up these numbers every night all the time. That's why it's kind of common when you do it. It's kind to be like oh damn Jason Tatum at 46. But they gas they guess when Luca do it though. I just don't like when they downplay when he does like obviously we know you gotta respect what Luca does 'cause Luca's like that. He does. Yeah. I just don't like when they downplay when JT like don't do that. He snap hat don't do that bro. Nah, JT deserve all his fire shit. JT get a lot of SMU for no reason and I don't, I don't know why. You know what I mean? Probably something I don't know but Luca just more consistent with them crazy numbers though bro. Yeah, he get crazy numbers a lot. But I'm saying like we was all talking not all, not us but like the media was talking about jt they was giving him like for not winning a chip.


He been to the conference finals, he did all this but Luca done the same thing. Yeah. I don't hear nothing about, oh it's time for Luca to win. Like nobody say nothing this year about Oh yeah, not bro. The pressure was put on. Yeah it is like, oh if he don't win he, he starting to become like a, that's what happened when you win a lot though. Yeah but Luca, he is like about time something made to the chip the year before they had a good run. Like he didn't have playoff moments but JT been doing it bro, since this started of this motherfucker. Yep. So that's the year type of pressure like nigga get over the hump Now it sucks but Luca didn't have early success like that. Jason Tatum is a rare breed in the NBA bro. What happens if they swap teams?


Nah, they, I don't like it. I don't like it either. Mm. Boston becomes worse. Oh and Dallas becomes worse. Mm. Facts because what Luca do for Dallas, jt, he's not the same. Luca like a point guard. Yeah, for sure. JT ain't doing that. Nah, he not a point guard. But I'm just saying if I was starting my team I'd, I probably would take Jason for me. Okay. 'cause the way I like to play basketball, I like people who go on guard on both ends and people who can take over the game. Luca is cold. He just, he's super cold. But I wouldn't start my team first with him. Mm. Just 'cause I know on the other end he gonna get 40, 20 and 16.


But I know on the other end if it's a killer over there, it's Christmas for the ball. Yeah. But you know what I mean, it's, it's Christmas so I don't, and I ain't even a defense nigga. I, when I played I wasn't a defensive guy but as a coach now I'm like yeah I'd rather have a person that's two way like yeah two way. I I always focus two way player. I just think Jason, Tatum and Clay Time, they just be in each other. Kyrie it didn't work. Yeah. We had him, it just, we in each other way bro. We all like Luca ball dominant but he, he's better with weak players than Jason than me. Yeah. Luca can take a thing Luca could do. Luca could take a a bad team and make him win.


Yeah. I don't know if jt 'cause he a facilitator. Yeah. And he'll make you put the way he create off the pick and roll in the one-on-one situation. He a better facilitator so he can make two people guard him and they can get layups and threes. Yeah. I don't know if JT got to the point yet. He's gotten better but just not to the level of Luca. Yeah. To be a facilitator. That's what separates him though. Yeah, for sure. Damn hell of a conversation for sure. Man. I just don't like the downplay of it before we get outta here. Do y'all believe that Lil baby lost $8 million in one day gambling? I do. Yeah. Hell yeah. That is crazy with James hard and them. You for sure. I need help though. I was gonna say for you to lose a that means you living great nigga when you stop nigga like I couldn't have that's what I'm saying bro.


I, I had one bad casino trip and it, it, it learned me boy a ams in one day nigga I lost 5K and was like miserable like my life. Like it was over the day was over. It is different when you're a gambler though, it's different because you always believe when you are a real gambler you always believe you'll get it back. That's the problem. Don't those are people we need to call the number at the bottom of the DraftKings at. Yeah and that's the niggas that's in Vegas. The homeless people in Vegas. Are those the true story? The all the people that's homeless in Vegas are homeless because like 80% of them 'cause they were gambling and they had got left out there 'cause they lost everything. Yeah. That, that's sad bro. Man that gambled that plane ticket home.


I don't know how true that that's a high ass number. But I gonna say that's the album number. We have to fact check. But I'm sure there's a lot of people. Nah it's like 80%. A lot of people came Vegas residents because they couldn make a home percent. Other people that are homeless in Vegas are homeless. That means a lot of y'all families ain't worth a quarter. Think about it though. You niggas can't this much and I can't come spend a night. How y'all think it's crazy you could spend, casinos are built though. Oh the house is undefeated baby. Yeah, like nah the house is always undefeated. But you said if you can't call your kid folks with just hold it down 80%. That's high bro. It's 25% four gambling issues nigga.


Everyone is crazy though. Report the gambling issues. It's probably hard. So about 40. So probably 40%. Was they, what's the a had report? How they gonna report it? Everybody on Las Vegas Boulevard, 25% reported. So it's probably higher than that. Nigga's not staying homeless in Vegas bro. It's hot than no bitching can go home bro. Bro. A nigga that showed us round Vegas had on a motherfucking a Foxworth Bentley outfit on God. He did so and said he wore anything is possible. I almost whoop his ass when he did that. Anything is fucking, I almost sitting. I asked, I said what the fuck? Like how the fuck do you have that on? Nigga was not sweating. He I was, he was pissing me off. I was sweating like a chant. Hey them tactics boy with no air.


Never forgive him. Never forget nah, being homeless is Vegas is crazy bro. I'm walk somewhere else. I'm not going in Vegas bro. Leave desert. I'll be homeless then if I was going like I Lord please, I don't rather be homeless but I, if I had to be in that kind of situation, I would go like California. Yeah, that's what most a lot of people do. Like they got consistent weather. It is never super hot. I mean get hot but not Vegas hot. Let me tap into a homeless mental. It happens to a homeless. Mental is cursing. I'm going to Miami. That's too high bro. So it's water. It's water. I mean you try to hit a stick, you try to hit a lick, you trying to a ball and I probably get up. See bitches in Vegas is more appealing to homeless sexuals than La la Them girls is a lot, a lot more bougie than Miami.


They can't afford they rent either. It's, it is tough times for everybody. I'm just saying Miami, you fuck around, come up on the Cuban a Dominican. But they said Miami. The the the city of broke baddies. Yeah, you might be able to slip up in something but they broke. I know, bro. We broke together. At least I got some come laying this sail soaking in Miami. This is summer. I mean chill out the airport. A little elite song by the way. I know we can't sing Trey songs anymore but that's in the elite song. You can't see Trey no more. No. Damn y'all see look y'all fucked up. You saw how they did him at the big three games. I understand big three. He was in the front row.


This girl said can I take a picture of the girl next him? She said he's a rapist. Like wild as hell. It was crazy man. For real bro. It was nuts. Nuts bro. We shit behind him at the game bro. It was crazy bro. Man y'all done took Reson. Yeah. Tres. Y'all done took August. El seen y'all took bro August. Elena got, took r Kelly August took himself r Kelly. He's on his own. Y'all took, did he y'all took everybody They took themselves. Yeah. My brother was mad listening to all about the s He got mad. Yeah. I said nigga, that's Jada Kiss first. After my nigga Jada. Jada wrote that, Jada wrote that before we out here. His son has said basically Jada Kiss is the Carmelo Anthony rap.


How y'all feel about that. Agreed. That that is a very, very spot on. That's good. Yep. That's a good pick. Shout to Mel too man. He's gonna be doing some commentating coming up soon. But I think that's super fire. We're getting people like him. Jamal Cropper, some of these people we respect highly basketball, great basketball minds in that space. We need more of that bro. You definitely need me. You need more of that bro. Melo Jada Kiss is a Okay. Who Fab then? That's a good question. Is Fab a better rapper than Jada Kiss? No. Nah. Fab is JR R Smith. No, he get, he get buckets. We, every team he went to, he got buckets.


We respect them and we all know on a mix tape. So Summer hoops, he gonna go crazy prom. So listening to JM Kiss before Fab or we said about rap shit Now rapping of course you talking about rap? Yeah. Okay. I think Fab got different tapes or different styles of music more probably than Jadakiss that we can probably use in different situations. But if I, if you ask me who I want a verse from between the two, I'm probably go Jada, but Fab got classics for sure. Like it's fab. I'll take a fab verse. Oh, Jada verse. Oh no, no disrespect to Fab. I I love Jadakiss too. Did you see the verses? So go watch that verses again. I'm saying if my type of music, okay I'm listening to Fab. I'm saying like JR Smith in the summer, one of the best hoopers ever bro.


You damn put, you know how I feel about Switch one of my favorite players. Fab you damn putting Fab on like Lou Will or J or Jam. Yeah Lou will Jamal Crawford. You know they code, you know they code like everybody know they code down. I appreciate it. Yeah. They don't get as much love as they need. So he probably will be Lou will, he don't get as much love as he need. But when you check him in the summer, you know the truth when the mix tape come out. Yeah. I'm, I'm the best Soul Tapes drop when I was Bracking on Fridays. You know, I just, I I love Jada. You know that's the game for, but Jada like, you gotta think his fir like them them early albums. Yeah. Where Knock Yourself out and shit like that. That shit is classic shit.


And he got the hits too. I think that's the difference between too. I think Fab got his too, but Jada got some monumental hits, but I'm so into you bro. That's, oh no. Fab got some killers bro. Only reason why I don't know, bro. Fab is ill, yeah, but for sure JR Smith is ill Jada what Jada and them did in that verse reminded niggas that we, we liked that for real, but I just, that fabulous that mix tape run bro. I'm sorry y'all. It is undefeated. The Soul Tape series is one of the best mix tape series of all time and JR r Smith in the summertime, him remix got the ring too.


And he's undefeated, bro. Yes sir. Pat ain at that. He is undefeated. I didn't mean to start that. That debate He undefeated in the summer, bro. All, I'm gonna throw this out here too before we get outta here. Dedication two. Both dedication are now on streaming services. I said the dedication two was better than drop three on the internet and got a lot of mixed feelings about that. Mm. Dedication two is not better than drop three. Yeah, that was kind of crazy. It's drop three so I'm still gonna ride for my motherfucking Knicks elite. I like damn, I'm it's elite. My finger on Elite has by the best Miss album ever. Crazy on draft dj but drama mixing that shit and blending them songs make a difference for a mix tape, bro. That's all I'm saying. Better verses for me is on drop three Better freestyle, but drop two, I mean Dedication two is elite bro.


Y'all wild? That's on it, right on Drop three? Yeah. Oh yeah, that that wins. Yeah, he, he hold my Jones. That dedication too. Spinning bro. My flow was nasty. I used to see why Phyllis, it was hard but ah, this I like. Oh, oh Wayne though. Squad up types or you going Nah, I like cash money. You like hot block. Block is hot Wayne. That shit ass. Nah, but I can't, I can't say nah. You're not gonna disrespect the grade like that. Nah, I'm cool. Out pocket that shit out of pocket, out pocket bro. Keep it coming because the block is hot. I'm cool for sure man, we about to get up outta here.


Be here and tell the people that grab the last of the merch. You got some new merch dropping the 2025 Y better. Hurry up. We about outta this shop club five twenty.com baby. Appreciate y'all. Happy holidays. Y'all be safe. We'll be back next time. Club five 20, The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of real-time spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's real-time data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@jointsignals.com.


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobook and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms apply.


Whether You're Ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order Now terms and conditions apply. See app for details.