
Are you ready to take your small biz to the next level? At the UPS store, we have the key to unlock the world's of possibilities. We'll sign for your packages and protect them from porch pirates. We'll send texts straight to your phone so you're in the loop for new deliveries and give your small biz. The street credit deserves with the real street address. So what are you waiting for? Most locations are independently owned. Product services, pricing and hours of operation may vary. See center for details. The UPS store. Be Unstoppable. Come into your local store today.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nam RK to type of a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Mers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food and N ad's. Favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball Trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume. Alright man, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Same game with me to my left. I got my dog Bishop be here out the prairie. He's how you what? Nasty cool and nasty. Let's get to it baby. For sure. To my right. I got my dog. Young Nacho young Teague. How you what cooling? Na, let's get to Nah man. Come on man. Y'all know what type of time I'm on. Start your day off on that weak shit bro. Start your day off on that weak shit's crazy Him take your tag lines. This funnier though. That's because there's people who haven't listened to the show until as a racing and they think that's his tagline. And I think it's hilarious. Terrible. Yeah I hate when niggas take my swag and chill out.


That's funny. I ain't get the memo of the brown Jordan dog y'all both tapped in. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Damn these one by the dough. But yeah, shout to everybody that sending me They by the dough kicks man I appreciate that. Shout to the homie who sent the picture of the black forces in the white laces in the snow. That was hilarious. That sound, that's very fitting. We step on shit regardless of any weather. Very fitting. I got a question though for y'all man. Is Drake, is Drake out of pocket? Who? Drake is he outta pocket for what Drake do? He said I was watching ak. He said he'd been snitching on Brian. Man did you see where Act said how AK was talking to LeBron?


Honestly what a I didn't watch the whole thing. I haven't watched but it's it's Act is talking crazy to bro. What he say? It might be. Come on. Y'all know I watch AC do. I ain't watched it yet. He, I aint seen academics just, just be careful game. Yeah I ain't get no notification. We have enough on our hands to do with. He just basically I'm saying fuck it like he just basically was like shit LeBron cheating on Savannah some whole shit. Talking crazy bro. Oh academics said that? Yeah. What if we told about what you really be doing that like being very Hey that's one person. Drake allegedly threw the oop for him to say that for him to say it. Of course it allegedly but yeah. Nah that's the wrong person doing Ain't do.


That's the man don't fuck up the king. Nah, nah, nah, nah. And Drake got it. If that is true, I ain't heard no ball. Let's why draw the fucking line. We but man I ain't heard no Drake verse or nothing yet. So hopefully, hopefully Drizzy not on that type of time though. But he made a song. They said he was talking about LeBron. I seen that but I ain't that's what the bar is about him. But all I just know is that's the wrong camp. Listen, he got a basketball tape of him getting dunked on a race. You think he about to let that shit slide? Let it go. That's not the one. Both of them let that LeBron about to pop back with a Jay-Z lawsuit. Y'all see how Quick Ho responded? All him with the Yeah, clutch Schwar. We'll put out a press conference on Monday bro. We can get you out the paint.


Leave that. Yeah I just, I was just, and I ain't even trying to touch on that Brian. Shit you know we support Brian and we don't if you just telling on the man cheating anything, it's kind of that shit kind of whack. Yeah, snitching and snitching no matter it what I'm saying does that, does that hurt Drake's career? If that is true. Well you know gon be act academics. I think that's, he's a news. That's probably why he Yeah, academics don't give a fuck. Yeah a say he don't give a fuck because anything's a win. Yeah, that's what I'm academics he, you know he going do his media shit regardless. I'm just saying is Drake like does that hurt his career? Is that like the bottom of the bottom for niggas to do some shit like that? No I don't. I don't think that if allegedly, if Drake did that, that's, I don't think it hurt his career but for me that's, that's the worst shit.


I think it do bro. I think like I think that's lame bro. That's the bottom. Oh it's terrible but I'm saying that's the bottom. Yeah I never snitch on, I don't like I got like that's not the bottom. I was watching a po I think I was Joe Button podcast where buddy was like, oh what's what's light-skinned buddy ish? He was like, if I had a homegirl and I seen her nigga cheating, I wouldn't tell my homegirl that her nigga cheating just 'cause it was like a bro code. Like that's a nigga like I, that's how kind of nigga I am. Like I love all y'all to death. Like my homegirl my sisters all that. Ain't ain't say nah like play dead. Yeah I'm dead because you know what's funny about that, you could be the person but like sis he doing X, Y and Z and guess what?


She ain't going nowhere now you just look stupid. You think you doing something noble and you now you got a problem with him. Mind you, that nigga hate you. Yeah, oh yeah. Hate you when you start getting invited to what's the, the Friday night functions and shit. Yeah you gotta worry about you. I'm an advocate. I'm an advocate to get rid of that nigga. He like you what's sniping too? It was, it was, it was lucky dirty backing too. But that's depress. It was one. It was one or not y'all's but one of my, one of my homegirls. You know she was going through it with her nigga so her best friend is a nigga and that nigga was on the post like, you know what I'm saying, like damn near like get rid of the nigga like type shit. And I think I'm like damn bro, like you be in this nigga face when I be around y'all like why would you get on Facebook and say some shit like that?


Like that's some whole ass shit because the shoulder to cry on. It's a nick show us out pocket for girls that have male BFFs. No I mean that's cool but don't be getting nobody business. You sitting here trying to be Nah bro you out of pocket that you not being the bff, you just waiting for your turn at that point. I tell anybody if I see you doing something I ain't see it. You have a good time. Yeah you can be. I told you my sister cousin God godmother. Yeah your nigga outside. I ain. See so y'all cool with the women having male besties? Yeah bro I don't give a fuck, I don't stay outta business now I ask y'all this question now if you hate male besties, get the fuck on now. Oh no I get, I get the frying on nigga these that's my thing because if you hate I don't even, I want you to keep coming over.


I'm gonna make you feel so uncomfortable And my hands work. I'm make a nigga feel so uncomfortable because what niggas don't realize when you a fucking male bestie and I fucking hate y'all. I know they don't but I hate y'all niggas. The girl is going to tell her nigga anyway on you bro. It don't matter bro. Yeah. So I don't even know why niggas be putting themselves in them type of predicaments. Like Ryan said you was outside with the ho lie to me. Yeah, second grade. Wait, wait until I see Ryan because you know usually when this they girl snitch on you, they they won't tell you. Yeah but that that nigga nasty.


Oh boy Ryan, this your ass boy. That's that big joker for them and Ryan saw you out with the bitch. Oh Ryan saw, you know you seen Ron that night too? Oh Ryan. Yeah I saw. Yeah. Fuck around. Flicked over shook your hand doing everything. The male message always them niggas wanna do boomerangs and shit in the bar. Take a shot from chill man taking a boom right with nigga at the bar. Nah but that's what the male message me on man. I ain't better. I'm just gonna tell y'all anybody listen all them these niggas wives my best friend wives rest of y'all niggas. I don't ask me shit because I don't see nothing, I don't give a fuck.


Stevie Kin yes nigga my tundra star Ana Maba, I go down and look, I don't see nothing they could be right next to me. I don't give a fuck. We coulda went to the strip club together. They coulda went up stairs. I don't give a damn like I don't see nothing leave me alone upstairs chicken wings upstairs, sunset upstairs, the upstairs is different. I dunno I ain't never seen but shit I assume you go upstairs something else going on. What goes up must come down. I ain't seen nothing. I ain't with that shit. I know is the chicken wings and sunset or not upstairs? Yeah that shit whacked though. Like that shit, that shit lying like bring them to you before you order. Hey that's crazy. Somebody walking upstairs from the six piece like this is crazy.


That shit lying though man. Most some real shit. This don't hurt Drake career y'all saying no. No I don't know but that shit lying people are assume the worst of Drake already. So see that's why I don't trust people though 'cause they was supposed to be niggas, they was best friends like I got a code if you ever was my nigga and I ever fuck with you like bro I ain't gonna never like yeah I ain't never doing like whatever happened with us, we ain't cool no more. I ain't gonna never do no whole shit And like right that's G shit say some shit about you or like some weak shit. Like I might be like nah I don't fuck with that nigga no more. Yeah but after that like nigga whatever we did nigga we was in Calabasas with the hoes nigga we was with Calabasas with the hoes. That shit happened. I ain't about to bring that back up. We like yeah he ain't even a good nigga. Well he love his wife but nigga when I seen that nigga he was fucking 12.


Man he lying, lying bro. I ain't south that Drake feel like dang bro. Like you supposed to be my nigga but I see you up here dancing, you at the concert with this nigga now you dancing to this music like dang bro we supposed to be locked in. You're not supposed to be supporting this nigga. We supposed to be locked in bro. Yeah that's how he feel. But yeah I feel the counter to that ain't to do that allegedly you still be gangster though. Like you keep Yeah still he always supposed to keep you in your end bro. Regardless of how the situation goes. Can't talk about the times you and this nigga had if y'all, if they were anytime. I'm just saying for you to bring that up to the media knowing it's gonna to get blown. You let other people speak like ah LeBron Lane for that. Him and Dre used to be, he used to be you let other niggas speak on that. Yeah, yeah. You just keep a player. Sure. Fuck you know how this shit go. You never know the extent of people relationship. Yeah like you never know and I really don't give a fuck but at all, I asked y'all this question because this is on social media a couple weeks ago around Christmas time.


I don't know why y'all thought to bring this up around the holidays, but if you saw one of your parents like stepping on one of your other parents, would you say something about it? No. No nigga, I'm too flared pop. So you go crazy, go crazy. Nah, both of my parents decided to the core so So who? Okay my parents owe. Yeah so Hoop. But like somebody brought that up. Yeah they were just like if you, if you seen that, what would you do? I was like, like first of all again this is the holidays. I really don't want people to have night shit. Nah, you're starting to fight. I'm losing my referee shirt at home bro. Yeah it's over bro. I ain't snitch. How could you be in the middle of that being? The reason your parents broke up is crazy. I wouldn't give a fuck. Like because I don't know what they talk about in they room.


I'm saying let's leave it real you oh mama. And I don't wanna know. I don't either. Mama could be like this time ain't working no more. I was, I go crazy. I would share some shit but like no I don't wanna know. This isn't a platform Clips. Clips have surfaced and they got all the way to 40th Street to my parents and my parents is old as hell and I, I do not wanna share a story but I'm just saying I got one. I don't, I don't wanna know. I don't wanna, you know what I'm saying, let's just keep, keep our families outta this respect. But I would, I would not tell. I ain't telling on nobody. Nah man that shit's crazy man. Yeah only motherfucker I'm telling on if we do a crime and I would didn't do the crime. Y'all niggas try to get me to do it like big.


I'm be like no bitch. Oh I can't share this story. I got a good one. Light bitch is tough. No like if we all we was in somewhere y'all niggas killed somebody and they like well you were there. We all go there say no, Mike shot that dude. Strike the saw Mike number. Bring my Zaxby's in here Mike. Nah y'all know Mike Jerry Bailey so he gonna get outta there. Winy Bayless is crazy. Mike ain't going down with us. Nah that's why I don't no co-defendants. I don't do no crowd bro. Don't do no cry. Tell I'm civilian lay. I don't even hard I tell you. Hey don't do no cry Where I'll tell you 'cause I don't do crops. I'm a civilian. I like going home. I'm a civilian. I like waking up.


Motherfucker get to shooting and stabbing motherfucker. Yeah that was him. I don't feel like you got a snitch though bro. Bro. I'm gonna keep it real. If they tell you everybody going there we can't find it. We y'all was there. I got I was with you then you should then you should say shit like man one of y'all niggas say something. I'm gonna say we all in different motherfucker halls shit I'm just saying like I just feel like if y'all all together then motherfucker bro, if it's you or whatever just say something. But I feel like if you going down but what about they don't say nothing? I just feel like we all go down together then bro and then you for them niggas. I don't think it get that far. You ain a real nigga. Nah bro. I don't. No, no, no Officer real shit because I don't think you'll, I think one of your niggas end up saying I'll do it.


I did it. I know I I mean I we, I honestly we've been in a situation where that happened with my core niggas bro. Swear to God. I feel like if all of us went to jail, like niggas don't have to say nothing. Whoever did it outta us is probably gonna be like fuck bro. I love my niggas. Everybody got family. I did it. Yeah I mean I think my niggas would do that too. Yeah I say but if my niggas wanted to play crazy because we had some niggas play crazy one time I'd be like well probably got, I know you ain't playing crazy nigga Now we made a pact because I think, I think friends know walk in, I think if you got street niggas friends like you know I feel like a couple of us doing here but I just like they know like bro bro don't even be on this type of time.


Nah, I mean I seen, I seen my niggas do that before so yeah it's all good. I'm just talking shit but I ain't talking shit. That's why the industry shit, I don't, I don't fuck with. That's why I don't get into all that bro. It's not real bro. I just listen to the music 'cause that shit it be fucked up how them stories be coming about, about these rappers and shit turning on each other. It's like damn bro I would, I ain't gonna lie, I wouldn't do that. I wouldn't even put myself in that position. And I think the friends that we grew up with, they wouldn't do that because I seen my friends, you know do that before. Yeah. So I don't know. Good, well soon Drake, if that's the case though bro. Yeah shout to him man. Yeah act I act is a media nigga though. When I leave here I gotta go check out. Yeah he went crazy. It is, it is a, it is a weekend to do it but that, that LeBron James act going nuts.


Yeah I I got too much respect for LeBron and what he did. Like I don't, I don't care. Yeah I wasn't, you know how we love LeBron, I just wanted to know how y'all feel about Drake legacy if this come out in Drake is actually saying so shit like that on the record. That's sweet. That's think the academic come up with some shit like that or is he just pulling out like he's just saying it or he got him and Drake probably got a relationship and probably got a buzz. I'm just saying I haven't heard a song. I can't put no facts on no shit the freestyle yet. I haven't heard no I ain't hear it either. And I don't know if it's, you know if that's really directed at Brian. Yeah what I mean because that could pull some shit up and be like see told y'all this is what the nigga's saying to catch the wave first. So but you know it's the internet too. If you just happen to have a good time you can say a lot of crazy shit and it'll work 'cause somebody's gonna be like hell yeah that makes sense.


Yeah because I seen a lot of people just like, oh Drake told him to do this. I'm like okay that sounds good but who knows if this is true or not. He could just wake up and say you know what, I'm on that today and it's gonna work because that's how the internet works. But yeah because he was basically saying just like you know but don't fuck up nobody at home. Yeah that's now niggas gotta go to sleep with a side eye because you on the internet like when they did that shit the CP with Kim Kardashian when Yeah did that like come on man to off Sweet of all time that man it was late as hell. That man went to bed and said oh yeah before I go to sleep. Wow. Yeah Chris Paul woke up to some bullshit like Don't Shady was out of pocket two for the R IP to the guy about yeah don't do that man, that niggas we see. That's why I be telling people like we say that story now though 'cause he was gone.


I know but I'm just saying we nah I don't, he can't do that period. Let that man, he shouldn't say it but now be bro keep that shit all the way people like I said we drone on motherfuckers on this pod bro. We don't be carrying what niggas got going outside. We would never ever do no shit like that bro. It's our biggest difference. We ain't seen too much. That's a difference bro. I never tell what I'm man. No And some of shit you wouldn't believe if we told you nah and motherfucker your life is good like you see me out, your life is good. You never have to worry. I will not. Yeah no. Like I ain't doing I talk about your hoop game. Yeah we gonna join on you what you look like. Whatever. That's just what we do. But ain't no I ain't trying to fuck up. Nobody cri with nobody bro. Hell no.


No personal vibes man. Straight up. But that one nigga did and I was playing alright Shady I would've asked man how you feel. State


The NFL playoffs kickoff this weekend and the action is always heating up on the field at the Draftking Sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draftking Sports book, the official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. If you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Are you ready to take your small biz to the next level? At the UPS store we have the key to unlock the world's of possibilities. We'll sign for your packages and protect them from porch pirates. We'll send texts straight to your phone so you're in the loop for new deliveries and give your small biz the street credit deserves with the real street address. So what are you waiting for? Most locations are independently owned product services, pricing and hours of operation may vary. See center for details. The UPS store. Be unstoppable. Come into your local store today.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd named Burkin today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah, I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts Burki That's sure of Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demur the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now I dunno if you have the update but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff like it's all colored. They Changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah it was like do I send the heart Now because I don't like the color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I told y'all state national championship. I told y'all we lost to Michigan. Yeah I say a we 'cause y'all know I'm Ohio State fan. San Francisco 49 ERs Ohio State Football. I told y'all we lost to Michigan. Everybody was like, oh y'all lost to Michigan. That was, we made Michigan year. Okay you fucker suck. But we back, we about to win a national championship. We going to against Notre Dame. I love Notre Dame. I I don't love Notre Dame. I like Notre Dame 'cause my little bro, mark Zachary going there. Shout to Zach. Mr. Football. That's my guy, Mr. Football Indiana. He chose Notre Dame. Should have chose Ohio State. But I ain't mad at you. You getting a free education. You getting at NIL. It's all good. But them Buckeyes, Dewan Jones little bro from here went to Ohio State.


We about to beat the shit out Notre Dame. Shout to my nigga Lou. He from South Bend he love nor shout. Shout to Lou. Shout to we about to get y'all niggas together. And I told you I put y'all money. Crash out parlay. I told you at the beginning of the season, put your money on Ohio State. Win a national championship off the strength. 'cause I love Lou and Phil. I'm, I'm rocking with the, the filthy South Bend. I'm, I'm gonna rock out with Notre Dame versus old state. Damn. I think the whole Indiana rocking out with Notre Dame. I might be the only person in Indiana picking Ohio State. Me and Dewan, Notre Dame is going to do what Notre Dame does. When they get at their best moment, they're going to disappoint. Yeah they gonna man this thing. Yeah they about to get the sleeves beat off them. Penn State quarterback get well soon.


I know this is not the morning show but Ooh that's nasty. You are. That is nasty bro. Filthy work bro. Why was out there selling bro? Man that was a fix. I can't wait till Monday to talk about him. Yeah, that that was a fix in that I lost. I'm sorry I lost a lot of money 'cause of him. I'm sorry that was a fix in that child. Like why you throw that? That's crazy bro. One bro, that's crazy bro. Why would you throw that? That was all on my TikTok like nigga you receivers get donuts. That's crazy. Listen, I don't even play football but I know after my first, I see my first read, my second read. I know my third and across the middle. I know that. And you not fucking damn. I play mad.


I play Madden. I know that. That third one ain't gonna be, that ain't open. You know I play with with the linebacker on that. You know I get filthy. You know how I rock milk. You know I'll be picking you off. Fools like you already know the vibe. So's crazy. Come on dog man. Speaking about TikTok though. I gotta tap into my TikTok shop. They supposed to be shutting my shit down. Fuck I can't wait. They shut. TikTok gotta load up some shit. Shout out to TikTok. Shut that motherfucker. We're not the favorite on there right now. Kicking with Kai. Got all y'all who hate us on there. I don't give a fuck. Y'all got nine days to figure it out that that TikTok shop better move to Instagram or something. Goddamn. And I get essential anything. I don't give a fucks to Twitter. What's gonna be his TikTok shop?


Probably essentials. Okay. You don't got S on there? No. Oh. I mean that's where you buy clothes right? No where selling? It's his marketplace. Oh it's where you sell shit. Yeah and I buy like Hennessy Goldie vitamins. I buy, I bought a tire pressure thing today. Oh I thought this was t-shirts draws no TikTok shop. You don't go get bolded on TikTok shop. Oh I'm, I think you can buy clothes now but I'm not gonna risk that. That's crazy. Like I didn't buy like a hey y'all wanna hear something funny. Fuck cheese shredder and shit like that. Heard something funny as fuck. Yeah I remember when we did in nevermind. I heard people say you wanna laugh like nah I knock.


I'll tell you off camera. Y'all both done it because I really went to the store. I on some real shit. All my kids we'll go viral if I told this story we didn't nigga we go viral if I tell you what the fuck I about to say. But I keep it to myself. Maybe a patron episode because that's gonna make me look bad. It really is gonna make my wife look bad but I'm gonna keep it to myself. Thank you for not sharing that. Yeah C to the household because she had me fucked up. She had me fucked up. She know what I'm talking about too. She bought you those pants? What pants did she, you use some? I thought somebody asked you about some pants you had on you. You was like nah that ain't it. But my wife got many these Oh some gallery dead pants? Yeah he just has a dip on.


Oh that was that was that was back in. Yeah she bought them too now. See how fucked up that motherfuckers bring up own shit. He like, you know what this nigga says, I'm glad it's you get in trouble now he gonna tell the courtroom he gonna tell for some chicken tenders. He tell for the chicken tender actually reveal. He gonna tell me I like the, I'm glad. So you the the sweet damn what it was called on taxi. Oh we in the road we see that Hooters bag walk in that sweet and sour. That sweet and spicy whatever.


Woo. We see that orange and blue. I mean that orange and brown Hooters bag walk in. You know what time you talking, you know who talking? That Hooters 20 piece. That's tea no fries. No what you got winning on dj? I'll say shout to season. Yeah no disrespect. I've been talking shit to y'all but, but Ohio, I mean Notre Dame had a hell of a season bounce back Ohio State. Just different man. Different I fuck I fuck with that coach though. For real. His coach gimme me. Yeah I fuck with him a little more corporate Deion Sanders vibes like, you know what I mean? Like you can tell his players fuck with him like they rally behind him but he just a little more corporate, you know what I mean? He don't really give you no flavor. He just going to be solid. He probably cool as hell in the locker room but he ain't gonna do nothing for the media.


He gonna keep it, you know, keep it solid. You know Deion sand would've said little shit like Yeah motherfuckers. I told y'all Yeah he, I told Y would've gave y'all a little, you know what I'm something to write on the board, the other team to write on the board in the locker room. Yeah. But nah, he ain't giving nobody nothing. He just keeping it solid. And what I, I respect so much about him is a situation he's in. He's at a place where like you said tradition is more important than everything and he's succeeding there. You know sm his name salute. I fuck with him 'cause he put the names on the back of the jerseys like nigga I ain't never seen that in Notre Dame. Shit. That's why I hated Notre Dame. That and I you I ain't never seen that. The blank the blank bro. My blank ass bro. 85,000 people wore 10 ain know where you went to school right?


Huh? Know where he went to school? Where he went? Ohio State. He went to Ohio State. Oh This is a battle. Damn. He played football about to beat your ass. How you really feel though? Like you can't even like you lose Ohio State. You went to Ohio State. You really ain't mad bro. He in a national championship. He had a great season. Yeah it is but yeah it's true. Like it's my water outta my, I gave him one shit that's gonna be, if I was to lose to anybody, I might as well lose to my school. That's, I guess that's how you gonna feel. I'm happy you brought up Coach Prom. I don't know how true this is but Reports Oakland. Yeah. Yeah he's getting outta there. Come on man.


No y'all come on Shado All Dion. Let's get it. Vegas time baby. Dion Sanders in Las Vegas. What? What? And then you know I hope everybody okay from the fires but it's about to be a lot of people in Vegas. Yeah please. Like seriously no bullshit like prayers and thoughts to everybody 'cause is insane man. Especially The Volume family. I know we joke around but we really fuck with The Volume that's that's family for sure. Yeah a lot of our people have been misplaced for sure. But salute to everybody going through that. It's crazy to witness that for sure. Yeah I know a lot of people out here on the east coast and in Midwest complaining about snow and shit. But it's people who house can't go home bro. Yeah they ain't got no house. Keep everything in perspective person though.


Sson how you say last? Janko. Janiah. Yeah Little pretty motherfucker. Her her house burnt up. That shit crazy. Nah bro, it's for its people. She is pretty, I mean I don't know say her name, she's fine but it's affecting everybody like talking about DDG and his situation. I don't care A millionaire bro. People losing proper shout to D DG man. Yeah some people can bounce back from a little bit easier to others. A lot people who didn't bounce back. So if I paid 30 M for my crib and it's burnt up and I, they took my policy away I'd be and they talked about that. I, I'm not too educated about it but a lot of, a lot of people in those situations you gotta have specific policies for those situations. I already got rid of my shit as soon as they took my policy away. That cost too much. The house has cost too much for you not to have insurance.


Yeah. Oh God would've done because we not in the situation. Yeah and that's not to tell what anybody we just talking about how crazy situation. I saying in general I don't want nobody to lose their home just saying a nigga take your policy, find a way to get out there. Yeah they do that for the tornado shit out here. Yeah Y gonna say that's what they I'm yeah I'm tossing my shit. Yeah downtown apartment here I come motherfucker. Yeah that it's crazy And it is like you said this is, this is the time where people need that. We pay insurance because in emergencies and it is emergencies the worst kind end. Nah but that shit is sad bro. Man TikTok scared my boy hat.


We walking a straight pass nigga scared to say anything on this motherfucker. God damn. Listen we, we feel I ain't gonna lie that shit is crazy though. I thought I'd never see that in my wildest dreams like some shit like that. Yeah I only seen that shit like on movies. Yeah. Yeah that shit crazy. Nah for sure. Prayers out to everybody though man. Hopefully people got like you know some backup. Yeah some family, some shit like that that you can go to temporarily to get right. Hope everybody will get help needed for. That's fucked up as you take away somebody's policy though bro. Just in general if that happens it's inhumane bro. Yeah that ain't cool at all bro. That happened. That's crazy. Insurance is already fucked up. It's people out here who work every day as much as they can and like can't afford to assure the shit they buy 'cause it's so od or they can't use it when they need it.


Just speaking on even like health, like just insurance in general. Like that's why I fuck with the NBA so much. Yeah because like they like obviously if you played a long enough time your health insurance and all that stuff is just like taken care of and that's just crazy like I didn't know, you know I ain't have a normal job my whole life so I didn't know about like health insurance. Like niggas really had to pay for that and shit and people didn't have health insurance and shit like that. And so obviously that's why I said a long time ago like NBA players were kind of dumb if you wanna say that 'cause a lot of stuff is taken care of and catered to us already and we don't even know that. Like you turn pro at 19 mm you about to be a millionaire at 19, you don't got, your parents got health insurance when you're 13, 14, whatever.


So you don't even know that. And then the NBA, everything is taken care of. You got insurance, you just show 'em a card, you go to the doctor, you feel sick, something wrong need a toothache, you just show 'em this card, everything all good, you call the trainer I need to go here. They take care of it. So your whole life, if you play 15, 16 years, you ain't never had to experience that. So when you get out of that and you hear real world and you know NBA do a great job, you still get all that shit taken care of. You played that long. But to see other people like damn I can't take this job 'cause I don't got benefits you like that. I'm like damn a 10 year you gotta be 10, 10 year you get full coverage. And that's just stuff like even in shout to Tony Snell when people were like being assistive to his situation, they were just like he got all that money, he shouldn't be worried about paying health insurance.


I'm like y'all talking from a privileged standpoint like that does not make sense. This man has kids, he has family. He's trying to make that make sense. Insurance is not liked. Yeah And he didn't like once again he never been in a situation where he didn't have that. Yeah. So when you get removed from that and it's like yeah well you don't got that full coverage you once had. Yeah your family ain't got that right now. Yeah. And you like damn what? Like how can I get that? Well you need to play one more year. He like well shit I need that year. Gotcha. You know what I mean? Like and God forbid something changed in his personal family that we don't need to know about. Like Yeah you don't know what could happen to where something is bad and you need that shit. Yeah And that's what we, that's what I be saying like everybody talking about all the money you get and all that and that's cool 'cause he can get insurance.


I'm sure you got enough money to get insurance. I I feel y'all but it's just like you don't know. Yeah. You in that situation. So everything is always catered to. That's why when you get out of that world it's two different worlds. Hundred percent. When get, when you get outta that world, reality hits you and even though you got money you can take care of stuff you just don't know. Especially if you don't have no team around you. Yeah, most definitely. You just don't know. Yeah and it like it took the reality hit me when I got out of it. Luckily I played long enough where in health insurance and stuff like that didn't really bother me but it was just like different when I heard other people talking about it like yeah you pay attention to more. Yeah people when you out of that light too. For sure because I didn't care that YI didn't care about y'all.


Yeah I I was like yeah you can't go to dentist nigga. Ah I'm just gonna call them nigga I got two fakes. Yeah he might pull up actually. Yeah. You know what I mean. See like what's that when you go to YMA give a nigga a pass gets passed they they don't do at the hospital they will John cue your as you try to do that shit in the hospital, they gonna tell you get the fuck out. You not get up with his insurance. Sign these papers for me nigga. But nigga I, I used to do shit like that. I used to call the trainers like my nigga over here got a fucked up tooth like his tooth hurt his mouth like well we can y'all give him to the doctor like we can let the doctor see you. Like they do shit like that. Oh damn. And they be like, they got insurance. I be like nigga you got insurance. See that's some real shit.


Motherfucker used to just tell me jail shit nigga crush up two tylenols nigga put him in the back of your team nigga and let this nigga go ahead and numb. Hey you said put the A one on there. That's crazy. Shout to all my niggas in jail man. Man shout to they got the best IES in the world man. Shout to the homies on long vacation man. Get well soon man. But you know what's crazy, speaking to Deion Sanders, a lot of people it was a, it was, I think it was a bait tweet, somebody was trying to get interaction with it. They was just like, it's prime living through his kids. I'm like do y'all know who the fuck Deion Sanders is? I don't know if these kids really know how great Deion Sanders is a nigga, they kids could never be him. Yeah They could never Living through him is living through them is crazy. Yeah they could never bro fuck no none of none of his kids. They started too late.


Even how good shado is, he could never be Deion Sanders. I don't care what he do in the nfl, he is never gonna be prom play in the NFL game and there'll be be game in the same day. Never. I just think the swag is different. What bro must be the money accolas bro. The accola accolades alone. Like you just said it. I played two, I was a professional in two sports. I think that's why you are never if if Shiloh no was just as good as an athlete as his dad, he could, he's the closest thing to his day. No bro, nobody's Deion sand. It's only because he's, he's just a swaggy. It's only for sure it's is bro. It's only one Deion Sanders. It's only, it's not facts. I'm just saying if he would like he real life a icon. The only reason we don't put him like with Jordan and all them, I told you he no one athlete though time to meet if he's too accessible.


Like after he retired he was accessible. Like if he would've retired and we didn't hear from him like he would be like super legendary. But he was so accessible. Like if you could talk to prom you would see him coaching at high school football shit that was accessible. Like you would never see MJ coach in high. He the greatest athlete of all time. Yeah but you would never see like MJ coaching high school basketball or doing those shit like you know, he wasn't accessible like MJ put himself in a place where you couldn't even think, you couldn't even imagine a motherfucker seeing Michael Jordan out. You could damn see Deion Sanders out. Like he go on Gilly and Wallo show he do shit like he he he with the people. I think accessibility ruins nostalgia for a lot of our people. For sure. For sure. And the social media era is the reason.


I think that's why he the greatest. I mean for us he, he made himself visible and now you younger kids need to find out who he is. Yeah. Why he's this great because I think he the best 'cause he really like teaches the game and he was really nah the best he coach. But I'm saying if he went and just was like I'm Dionne Sanders and I'm a state, is he a football nigga with a fire shoot a nigga's rock? What? What? Listen. Probably one of the best. That's what I'm saying of all time. Ain't nobody fucking with Dionne bro. He the best. I ain't saying he not, I'm just saying he made himself accessible. Yeah that made his legendary static. He still legendary. He's a icon but it made it a little more like I can talk to him, I can touch him pause.


But it's like who y'all greatest three athletes then Michael Jordan is a tremendous athlete. I'm gonna put Dion up there. I'm definitely putting Bo Jackson up there as well. Just three. Shit I think I'm leaving somebody off and I don't want to, my greatest athletes is different 'cause I look at people differently. But go ahead, finish yours. I can't even think of, I'm trying to think of, So you the same boat. I think LeBron James is one of the greatest athletes ever For sure. To see what he did For what, what year is this? 22? Yeah to play 22 years, be 40 years old and still be one of the best players in the NBA is incredible. Anything LeBron wanted to do, he would've been great at it.


It don't matter. Like he was two superior of an athlete. You see how fast that nigga was when he was 21? Yeah. Nigga was the, he's 6 8 2 65. Yeah two 70. The fastest player on the court jumped the highest, the strongest. Like whatever he wanted to do, he was going to bronze. Yeah, he's not, he is not real. So I think he probably, to me he's the greatest athlete ever. He just didn't have to do nothing like basketball was his calling. Well he want, what he wanted to do was basketball. He could've did anything. I'll put Bo jack up there too because Bo Jackson unbelievable. Yeah, yeah. From physical stature and that he'd be hunting shit bro. That's different. That's another person. If he's more accessible, I think people, younger kids will probably have a little bit more respect for Yeah.


Not saying they don't, but people don't really know how great of an athlete Bo was. But his, his time was so short, like he was great in like five, six years. Yeah. But the reason like when you the, the fact that he's not accessible, the legend and the nostalgia. Bo Jackson is like, man y'all gotta go find out about him. Like, but if he was out here talking all the time we'd be like, eh mean we'd be like it was cold but like, you know what's crazy about that? It's, it is damn near life fair because these legends give us their time and they game and they wisdom and then people like downplayed them for it. It it's just like yeah you can never do what the fuck I did. Yeah. I'm just trying to help y'all feed y family. Yeah but Deion sand was different. Yeah I got Dion, Bryan Jordan and then the Honorable mentor for sure is Tiger Woods for me.


Tiger. Hey Tiger's son getting cold too. Tiger son. Nice. Only reason why Tiger, only reason why Tiger didn't make my top three is because I don't, I don't like him off the court. I fuck with him off the court but he probably a good nigga but I just didn't how he was talking to them women on Google and shit. I didn't fuck with that. Hey I fuck with the way they did my type of nigga bro. I'm fucking with Tiger to the end because they tried to act nigga. Nah the worst shit every life fucked bro. All he did was do his thing bro. They act like he like murder murdered. He he act like he was like a fucking terrible ball. He just had Lil's hat on the side and they said bro just man did you see his first wife? You ain't supposed to say cock bro. The cakes was wy. You ain't supposed to say cock bro. Yeah that's wild. He's you, your shit on bro.


Do you, do you want me to s cock do? I said shit that nigga I'm listen to Cock I can put my cock on the plate for you. Let's not come on man. He need the AI back then he need Chad GT that when Tiger was on he needed that. I I with Tiger, tiger Chad gt. Hey this is Tiger. Hey you already got a player name bro? Tiger. Tiger Wood tiger player name Tiger. SL Pools come. That's crazy bro. Tiger, you already elite bro. Fucked you already fucked name. He was really supposed to be the real Derrick Jeter not in a, he just take off the ass. He was Derrick Jeter. He just, his his just Tiger Wood he just fucked it, he fucked it up a little bit.


See Derek Jeter didn't get married and shit. He kept a player. Derek Jeter had the, the gift bags fire. Yeah his resume is filthy. Yeah some of the send the short y off with your autograph is hard. That's hard in a bitch they fucked Tiger Woods's legacy up. Whoever leaked that shit. That's ho Yeah, that's that's what I'm saying. That's whole shit. Tiger. Tiger. Right. Since they took his bro bro back surgery because they I think think he came back and won some shit though. He did. He bounced. It wasn't the same. He ain't bounced back. Nah, ain't that PGA tour like when we was growing up on the video game bro that shit was elite but Tiger Nigga was fire. No what I'm saying we played that shit. Yeah. Oh my. We never golfed like when turned to, what's the Malcolm, what was the nigga name?


Rory. He got the spinoff? Yeah. Oh nah. Stopped by. Nah, put another nigga on the game. Rory. Yeah, they canceled him shit bro. He oh he lost all them endorsements bro. When that happened? Yeah and bounce back. He got some bread bag but bro they tried to avoid him for that. I he wasn't bothering the old body bro. Nah, I fuck with Tiger. He wouldn't bother you right Tiger. Probably one of my, if I had five favorite list Tiger. Make my top five. Tiger Tiger. Grew up none list. Huh? Muhammad Ali


Are you ready to take your small biz to the next level? At the UPS store, we have the key to unlock the world's of possibilities. We'll sign for your packages and protect them from porch Pirates. We'll send texts straight to your phone so you're in the loop for new deliveries and give your small biz. The street credit deserves with the real street address. So what are you waiting for? Most locations are independently owned product services, pricing and hours of operation may vary. See center for details. The UPS store. Be Unstoppable. Come into your local store today.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd named Burkin today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL network analysts. And boy oh boy does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture and you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's sure of Kaza ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you like When When you send it? Yeah. It was like do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ah, nah, I ain't man. Nah, he a real nigga. Yeah, he fucked with the hoes too. But I ain't nevermind, I ain't gonna, nigga Ali, I seen the movie. I saying yeah his movie say respect. I'm just going off what I saying. Yeah dude. That's what I was going off to man. He was an activist though. Louisville Legend for sure. A number of no smut. Go ahead. Smut. No I ain't saying T I'm I'm putting Mike Tyson 80 boxers. Mike, I'm Mike Tyson talking about fucking with the Yeah I could be. I'm just saying put the powder on me. Fuck it. The real broke guy for him to be doing all of that shit and kicking ass at a high level in the late eighties and early nineties.


Bro, you a different demon bro. Reach out to Mike man. Mike was fucking Paperview up. Let two minutes real your top up Mike. I, because your shit price like it's gonna be all No mine. Mine is more like mindset. All activists, no Muhammad Ali, Deion Sand and Michael Jordan just because of they mindset. Like it's, they was all, I'm not mad. Ain't ain't mine. They was all the greatest. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm not mad. It's crazy. Couldn't kill them nothing. Yeah, the Ali shit is so crazy because realistically like that bro, they, they took him away in his pro. Yeah. In a racist situation where he had to fight back for the shit he should have kept. Bro. He is unbelievable. He had an unbelievable He had to fight the government bro. Yeah but all, let me redo my 'cause I'm gonna give you all real top five.


I don't got a top three. I got a top five. Okay. So Floyd Mayweather's in my top five to go undefeated and to swag out on everybody. I don't give a fuck how he did it to be who he is. Talk his shit to make the money moves that he made. I fuck with it. And he had a line of hoes. Floyd would be my top five. Floyd my top five. Yeah. MJ obviously in my top five. I fuck with him. Tom Brady in my top five mm that's three. Then I got LeBron Tom Brady, come on bro. He came, he was a six round pick and come back and be the greatest quarterback ever. Nobody expects shit like that. And then he married Giselle and had some kids and then got some more ho I fuck with it Ain't got another ring.


Yeah, I fuck I'll fuck with it. I'm not mad at Type Tom Brady though. Okay, that's a good one. That's three. Right. So I got got Floyd, mj, Tom Brady, I got Tiger and I got bro, they my top five for sure. Deon Sand didn't make my top five 'cause I put Floyd in there but I fuck with Deon Sand. Yeah. Prime time bro. Must be the money. Crazy's different bro. That be fired. I don't know how it works out in the draft. I think they, the, the Raiders is like outside of top five but if he goes coach the Raiders, he out of pocket. If he go coach his son in NF nfl, that's league. I don't care where they do with that. That's fire to me. That's fire. Is that, is that better than Brian playing basketball isn't so no facts. No. Yes it is bro. Hell yeah. Shado supposed to be a top five pick.


Deon Sanders is definitely a worthy coach. Yeah, the the Brody stuff is kind of shaky. The rest got the six P. Yeah. I don't know how they make that happen but they, they made some money. Oh yeah, he not going, he won't be able to get and them fire AP was kind of iffy too. I don't know. We'll see. I don't think they'll be able to get, that's why it's better to me. I want him to be coach your son as side play with him. Nah, you know be far enough. If we was killing together, if it, if we was on some Kyrie and shit, Kyrie LeBron shit then Yeah but I mean because they both doing good. Yeah. Yeah. Like and the NFL is different. I mean we know the NBC but the NL is different. That's, that's different. Yeah. Like I'm, I'm more, I would be more happy if LA Coach Lalo hey, hey we do four I I'll fuck with that over then bro we do four LaVar bro.


Nah, I fuck with that over bro bro bro. Novar in his car playing Jello. You see I'm going on my road trip. Y'all know what I'm playing. Yes sir. That jello on Tell y that's LaVar. That's the greatest family ever bro. Fuck no greatest sports family ever bro. No. Yes, they're the, the greatest, worst family ever is the curse. No bro. No bro. How I mean besides the beside Hold on. I'm saying besides like the fucking what's the come on man. Wat besides the watts like JJ Watt? Nah, them they whole fucking family went to the NFL. Yeah we and the Mannings lemme say the Mannings we lit on and the man on and off the, I'm talking about straight. I'm talking about Urban nigga shit.


Whoa, whoa. I'm saying LaVar Ball is lit. LaVar Ball is, listen I, I'm not about to say he a better dad than Archie Manning and Dale Curry. I'm not just doing none of that 'cause I don't fucking know. Yeah but ain't no nigga promoting his kids better than fucking LeVar ball bro. Nah, nah, that's, that's fact besides Deon Sanders, my daddy went, my daddy got me to the number two pick. Lonzo is a killer fat dog. But that gas help Exactly. Lonzo playing good at UCLA. That shit helped. Yeah but your daddy gas like his daddy went on a media rhyme bro. He did. Deion Sand wasn't doing that. He didn't have to. He didn't have to. I am the media but because he Deion he got, he got got a crazy Deion sand Jr.


Is lit. He didn't play a sport the lineage bro. No, but LaVar got out the bud. That's what, that's what. No we didn't know. We didn't grow up. Nigga trying to beat LaVar Ball. He came in 2020 with big T-shirts to his knees nigga. Oh God. Shout to Luvo. You feel me? He was like nah nigga my son better than all you niggas. Fuck George. George son. Them niggas are sad. He said George beat you 1 0 1. He was wild. Steph Curry nigga Lonzo better than Steph cur right now. Yeah he put a tar but I'm just saying put a target on his back. His daddy still believe I said damn bro my daddy fucked with me growing up. He ain't fuck with me like that bro. And and but the thing was bro, Zoe was nice and Lalo they both cold.


Yes bro. Jello and J was above one aspect for sure. My son is leading the league in all star votes right now. Yeah that's all we wanted bro. Matter of fact you right Lonzo. LaVar you was up to some right. Hey you know what too another thing for LaVar, everybody went, he went to Unconditional Rock. He said fuck high school basketball. I'm starting my own shit. Yeah If this ain't cool we going overseas. Yeah. Triple beans. He tried, he tried nigga gimme my fucking shoes. He tried Zo, I know you them motherfuckers fucked up your career but nigga I need mine and the nigga he said I paid that 500. You know why I fuck with him too. The nigga said I ain't gonna lie, I got some funny looking kids but that jello, he a model. He looked better than all of them.


He's a real star. Look at the nigga down. True story. True quote from De Pops bro. Hey Ball in the family was in a big show bro. Man was my best basketball player. Look what happened. That's what he said. Yeah. Dead ass like a Lonzo. He the most complete, you know like that's my best kid type of shit. Yeah. I ain't gotta worry about him. Lonzo gonna get his money. He gonna fuck with his family but a Melo, that's my wild boy. He gonna be the best one because he learning from his big brothers and Jello. He gonna figure it out. He could be a model. He can hoop, he can do whatever. This nigga rapping bro got the biggest song so far slapping that nigga bro. LaVar on or so. Right. We need la Borrow the pie man. No facts bro. I we'll pull up for sure. Yeah, yeah he, he the ball family got my vote off up.


I I would still take the curries but respect y messing with the Williams Ven and hell yeah. Yeah. Hold on. They yeah I don't know. Pops was a pop was on something too. He was the original Lamar bro. Yeah he was. Nah straight up. He kept saying fight adversity he had to fight game. You right. He the best. Yeah And the motherfuckers needs to be in that, involved in that. Greatest athletes for sure. And his and his daughter and they wouldn. This ain't no shade. Oh Jeff come on. I'm sorry shit. Let's, let's take the off tape. Let's go to May. Let's get to May. Let's make it to the fifth one. Let's make the black history mode. Alright cool. I'm gonna just shut up. That's short anyway. I just shut up. Alright enough.


I'm shut up. And they did mixed black history month with that other shit too. Nope, I ain't doing it. Nope. Let's go DJ because I was about go I was taking it somewhere. Okay we good. I wanna ask you how y'all feel. I seen some people talking about the NIL evaluations going on. They're basically saying a lot of these NIL agencies, the percentage that they're getting from these kids and these things, this damn are like upwards between like 15 to 20 even 25%. That's crazy when you see NBA agents getting three to 5% and then you see like nah that's normal on endorsement deals it's usually like 15 to 20%. Give 'em the game. NBA agents you usually get like if you got a good agent, like taking 4% is crazy.


Like 4% is like ridiculous. But like 2% for most agents is what they do because the contract is so big now at max you getting 2%. That's what you should be getting. If you getting 4% y'all need to redo y'all shit. Niggas y'all need to tap in 'cause if y'all agents getting 4%, he ODing on you 'cause the contracts is too big now. Yeah 2% tap with JR Facts 2%. But on endorsement deals, this is where people, they have to do more work. Mm. So 15 to 20% was more like I gotta do work, I gotta reach out to these brands, I gotta do this basketball take care of itself. You know what I mean? If you a max player, you a max player. If I'm averaging 20 and 10, the numbers say what I'm averaging.


Am I likable? Do people fuck with me? I have to sell myself. They have to sell you. So I understand the percentages like maybe 15% might be a lot to some people but that's they gotta sell you. Yeah I get it. Like if you not a likable person, I gotta sell you. Right. If you not the hands the prettiest nigga, cutest motherfucker in the world. Right. I gotta sell you to these companies. Yeah. So I gotta do way more work basketball. The numbers tell you what you gonna get. For sure I asked you that because you definitely made a great learning point for the differential. I think where a lot of people are having some questions just like okay so these kids if they're going to this school, alright if the school's paying this bread, however it's working, my NAL is one thing but if I'm getting these endorsements, granted your agent get that but they like shouldn't no agent be taken 20% from what I'm getting from the school?


Nah, nah. If you got a direct, so like I just seen VCU said they getting five money, 5 million in NIL. Yeah. And they paying their kids directly 384,000 whatever it was. Yeah, no, no agent should be touching that 'cause I got a scholarship on my own. I did my work, I did that and they already gonna pay me that. I shouldn't be giving no agent that. But the work that you do do on my NIL, my image and likeness. There you go. Name, image and likeness. The work that you do that you do do, you should get paid for that. And I'm not saying that but you gotta sell me like Cooper flag. I'm sure you know people love him so it probably wasn't hard for him to get endorsement deals. So his percentages probably way lower.


Yeah, for sure. Hey I was gonna get new balances on anyway so I probably shouldn't be paying you 15 to 20%. Somebody probably took 8%, 6%, four, whatever it was or that deal. But like these other guys, Joe Blow that go to Florida State, he end up having a moment and this dude like yo I can get you a deal with Coca-Cola. Well he probably gonna need 15% because nigga wasn't nobody checking for you but he end up getting you a deal for 200,000 from Coca-Cola. You just gonna have to take that hit. That's what it is. For sure. And a lot of these in business too. A lot of people, especially when you come into more see these situations, people get caught up on those percentages. Yeah. Just like okay maybe they get 15% okay go have a hundred percent of nothing there. Yeah. If that's what you wanna do there.


Yeah. But endorsement deals is different 'cause you gotta, you actually gotta go work for those damn like contracts money when it comes guaranteed money in the NBA. Like when you getting drafted, if your agent is charging you for when you getting drafted you need a new agent. They shouldn't get anything on your rookie deal. Like no 'cause it's a guar they don't have to work for it. Like you get picked at 18, it's a guar. Everybody get the same money every year from 18. You don't have to negotiate shit. Right. If I get picked 2, 3, 4. Yeah that's what the number's gonna be. The number's gonna tell you when you get picked one you gonna get you guaranteed four years, whatever it is, 40 whatever it is. You get picked 18 the number already there.


Yeah. So your agent have to do nothing. They don't have to work. They shouldn't get a percentage of nothing. And if they charging y'all on y'all rookie deal, y'all need a new agent. That's crazy. I asked that question because you see with the possibility of, I say going to five years of eligibility, you look at people at the Georgia quarterback of Georgia, he was supposed to be at the top pick got hurt, he going back to school but he went in the portal next year and they just like why would you go pro? I'm just like shit, if anybody else like this, if you ain't going first round, why wouldn't you go back to school and get their bread? I seen a kid from Texas, they looking at him like you get seven mil next year. Come on now. Yeah. Why would I ever go pro to go sit on the bench? Everybody got a top quarterback like every you go look at every team. They got a quarterback. Either it's for the future or is a top quarterback already in the league.


Seven mil lives sit down nigga. What? What a few. A few hundred thousand. I I'm going to the draft. Why? I'm just saying if you 'cause bro if you gonna be a top 10 pick, I don't see it wasn't, yours wasn't gonna be a top 10 pick. No Quin was not gonna quarter top Georgia. So go get that paper. You said a hundred. Go back to school and get the bridge. Half a ticket. You gone. I'm gone bro. Shit I'm going back to school. All right. Better on myself. Why sit on the bench? I don't care bro. I'm learning. I'm in the NF but if you gonna be in the same position next year and think about going back to college, you can make I got, when I go back to college, I'm gonna play and I might get hurt. I made 500,000. 5,000 ain't worth it. I might have went to the draft.


If I'm the NFL nigga I might, I might've got paid 300,000 if I'm, if I'm on this NIL and I know I'm for sure supposed to be Professor Ogilvy, I'm gonna send my ass down. But if I'm supposed to be the next mother fucking Dre Lewis goddamnit spikes nigga. But I'm saying if you a top pick the draft obviously to go league. But I'm saying we talking about people who gonna be a fourth, fifth round pick $7 million nigga you better sit down. Yeah but we saying like even if I, if I'm gonna be a top pick, I'm gonna go to the league. But if I got, I'm gonna be a fourth, fifth round pick and they offered me six, 700,000 guaranteed. And I can go back to school and I can increase my play and maybe I get to the second, third round. Yeah.


And I still made money. I'm going back to school. Yeah. Basketball's a little bit easier 'cause the nfl So you know we talk about them. Contracts a little bit tricky. Yeah, I, I'm in college football, I'm, I'm getting that bread. Yeah for sure. I'll be legend on campus. What with y'all man. Every time. That's crazy. Mm. That's tough. That's tough for me. Speaking about college though. Y'all see my boy CO 42 piece? Yeah. You know, I mean we was four from six foot and three they try to water our game down. You know what I mean? We, I had to cut somebody out. I had to cut somebody out my Dion bro. Know what I'm saying? Motherfucker like get on tga. I you know I'm a let t you i's my guy, I'm gonna give him a pass. But I shout to our thing go crazy Cooper.


Cooper good play Niggas act like I said he not good. Yeah you never said that. Yeah he a number one pick. All I said is the NBA is different bro. Yeah. Like and what he do, well it is gonna show in the NBA he hustle, he plays hard, he runs the floor. He's athletic. It was like energy guy get 42 points. Yes. Sad. Yeah I watched Ken Fareed respect. Yeah Ken Res a man. He had a bunch of points. I'm not tried to shout to Ken Fareed but we even, we never gonna put them two in the same bracket. I'm just saying you could play hard Niggas, niggas will never, if you watch Shane Batier in college, you would've never thought he would be what he was in the NBA Shane Batier was fucking how he that He was a dog.


He was a dog in college. He was a dog. He was a go-to player at Duke. You would've never in your life said Shane Batier about to go to the league. Shane Batier was crazy and just go put his hand in fucking Kobe face all day. And you know, you know what I'm saying? You it's crazy. He was like that that one request event for like every championship team we talk about one player white, one piece of weight. Shane Batard was definitely one of the people for sure. I just tell y'all to keep giving him hell 'cause what he try to do to me, oh boy. Violence I don't care nothing about because this nigga played in the league so he know basketball players way better than me. But keep giving fuck him, keep giving him hell can because he, he said that. I'm not saying I think Cooper might be an all star in the league and the people that I'm saying comparing him to is Andre Caro who was a Allstar in the league who was nice.


I wouldn't match you for that. He might be a better scorer in the league 'cause the the times has changed. Yeah. You know you shoot way more Threes the floor is way more space. Space ain't too many big guys so him at six nine he not gonna be guarding though. Carlos boos are strong ass niggas. He guard everybody's around his same size. Everybody 2 25, 2 40. Ain't nobody 2 75 on the block posting up no more. So he got the game is more, you know, skill-based, not strong guys like that. So he gonna have a little more openness to do what he gonna do. So he gonna have some good games, some big nights. But you see a force, somebody super strong and like that. Like Zion when he play it's so easy to him 'cause he just physically imposing.


Yeah Like not too many people like that. That's why I said we was in Chicago too. We was with, we was with Drew Good Boo Boozer, Aaron Gray. Joe Ke knew I pike these motherfuckers is massive. Fuck I said every great guy. Damn we fuck with you too. I'm glad you fuck with the not trying to Aaron solid you fuck with us. Solid. Solid. But I'm like damn Jeff you was playing against these niggas bro. They big as shit like Boos fucking, he look like he came, we was sitting next to each other on the motherfuckers pro bro. This nigga is huge. Yeah. Make sure he's happy because if he tweak out Spike when nobody can stop. Boo this bro boos weight two eight bro easily bro. And not even fat like like yeah I'm strong bro.


Bro you a elbow white. That's this. That's why I'm, it ain't So you motherfuckers built like them in the league no more. So the lead is geared towards people like a Cooper flag who can play three and four move like he do. So he gonna have a successful NBA career but his energy and shit is contagious. But getting 42, I mean I he capable, he the best player in the country. Did you see that? They not criticiz him but they started to like lock in more Ace Bailey like shooting selection. They was just like man Ace Bailey be killing but he be shooting some bullshit. I'd shoot straight bullshit. And I guess I said that's why he went to Reakfast. I think. I think I, I think I fuck with it because he really working on his game. This straight bullshit. He working on his tv.


What I'm saying is this is a culture's perspective. This is the barbershop nigga perspective. Yeah. Get 30 however you get it. Work on your game Killer Dylan. However you wanna pass it to me, just tell me where 'cause that bitch is up. I'm trying to get you 30 assist. But what I'm saying is that's, that's the different, that's be difference between like a a U high school basketball and college basketball. Like a A U. That shit fly. Yeah like I post up, I shoot crazy shot, fade away one leg whatever. I do what I do. Right. It's a A u it don't mean nothing if you lose Yeah we go home nigga how many points you had? Nobody get fucked about the wins and losses at a U. Right. True. That's right. High school basketball. If you go to a top school, a Mount Bird, A IMG or whatever, it ain't really no pressure on you.


But if you also go to one of those smaller schools or a local high school, you get a chance to explore them kind of shots and you become good at 'em. But now when you go to college Yeah where shit matters. You used to doing this shit in a A UI was at a local high school. I got the, I had to shoot 30 shots. Now you go to college, that's what you used to now that shit look crazy. Yeah because you never been, you never got developed. You had to learn a structure and now in college you need structure. You gotta have this kind of shit discipline. And that's what you gotta do when you in a high school team. Like his high school team probably was based off like give ace the ball Ace Cole, he gonna do his thing, blah blah blah blah. Yeah we gonna live with him shooting 25 shots.


That's when you need some real coaches, real niggas step in like that shit ain't gonna fly. Yeah. That's what I like about our school. Maybe we don't win all the time or whatever it is, but we give you real game like that step back 30 footer right there. Yeah. Not gonna fly at the next level. Right. Like that's a terrible shot. Not too many, many people telling people that's a terrible shot. Yeah because they like, I don't want, I don't want to, you know, fuck up nothing. I want this kid to, to stay here, here. These kids is sensitive too. Yeah. I want this kid to stay here. I don't want to leave. I want him to fuck with me. That's right. And they him in a whole game piss him off. Yeah, that's, I piss 'em off. They gonna leave, transfer, whatever and they don't give 'em the real game. Like nigga step back three with two niggas on you is a terrible shot. How do you balance that as a coach though?


You know, I can't, I'm I'm full ace. Relax my nigga. You know how I'm talking shit. Yeah but nah you called too a lot of kick fight. Nah for sure we talk shit. But I'm saying how do you balance that as a coach? You can't, you can't have a give a fuck like when you a coach you gotta love your look. I always tell all the coaches, all the kids from our school, like I'm gonna love the shit out you off the court. Like I'm gonna make sure you good. I'm gonna care about you. I want you to do great things. I want you to be a man when you leave here. Yeah. I'm gonna love on you. Like I'm gonna make sure you just, you know you feel that we fuck with you but on the court I'm gonna coach you like I play like that's what I'm saying. Like how if I'm on the court and you shoot a a step back with two niggas on you, I'm gonna say what the fuck are you doing?


Yeah. Like if you on my team and you do that. Yeah nigga that's a bad shot nigga I'm open move the fucking ball. Right. So I'm gonna coach you like that 'cause I know what players are thinking. They might not say it to you just 'cause you might be superior in talent, you might be better than them or whatever. So they might be scared to be like, hey man I'm open so I'm gonna coach you. Like hey I'm the fourth man, I'm the fourth option nigga. Pass the fucking ball. Like when you let a kid though, like say ACEs ace wilding. You know what I'm saying? So the next game how you be like all right ace, you can get this shot in this spot my nigga if it's there. No you just gotta show film and it's not to expose someone. Yeah. So you bring 'em to the side and you show 'em film and like hey I always tell if you are a great player you can make other players better.


Yeah. So if only thing I can do is score and I gotta shoot two or three, four or five, six wild shots a game. Yeah. Because all I can do is score and I can't make nobody else better around me then I'm felon as a player. I'm not that good of a player that I think I am. Damn. If I can make all these dudes around me look better, somebody who might not even be thinking about getting drafted or somebody who not maybe not even be that good but I could make them look like woo he they got a player on they hand than I did my job. 'cause everybody know I'm nice. Everybody watching Ace Bailey saying he code like we already know. But if he make a couple other guys on Rutgers look like I'm getting double team, I see the double I kick it. This dude hit a open three.


They like Ace Bailey can make other people around him better. And that's what we loved about LeBron. Yeah. Like Brian had those lesser teams we thought and he made guys look better. He had Damon Jones, booby Gibson when he lead Booby Gibson no shot, no disrespect to Booby but he was just a super average NBA player. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But when he was LeBron we was damn near like shit Booby Gibson is one of them dog. He a dog like you know what I mean? Then is like his career was damn over. You know what I mean? Right. So no disrespect though. I fucked with Gibson but I'm just just saying like that's when you know you are a good player. So I always tell players if you can make everybody else around you better then that's when you know you got something.


Yeah sure. Well said. Yeah I used to, I used to be shooting some crazy shit. The dude did a shot Charlie here I said I'm fucking with 'cause I don't care but some of the, the fadeaway in the corner I'm like damn fuck you Cole. I took a shot, I seen him hit the side of the backboard the other day. I was like damn it's a tough shot. Keep shooting K nah but be you. But as he grow as a player he gotta learn. That's what K Cunningham is starting to be right now. Mm. He taking this game. I know we just all over the place but K Cunningham is starting to taking his game to a level where he making everybody around him. Yeah. That shit look kind of easy when I watch them. It's like that shit look easy for Kade, you know what I mean? Like shit looking and he making everybody around him he way more comfortable now. Yeah. Way more comfortable making everybody around him so much better and and that team definitely benefit.


We talk about maybe feel how you feel about Tim Hardaway or Tobias but having them vets in there and JB totally different team For sure. Yeah for sure. And it made him a better player but also he making everybody around him job a lot easier bro. He's starting to be one of them superstars for sure. Yeah he is starting to, it's starting to form a Bailey solid. Melo said yeah I can be on that turn up. Respect. Yeah he still and he a freshman though. Oh yeah. So they should have had some veterans around him that like, but nobody want to, you never wanna rock the boat. You know what I mean? See I was a nigga that would rock the boat. No. If I had a freshman came in AFA ru number one player in the country can't wait for us fall in line nigga like that's a McDonald's all American you talking number one player in the country coming to our team bad.


You know what I mean? I ain't, I ain't no disrespect. I love ru but like nigga no nigga you not about to shoot a two, two niggas on. You fade away. Nah nigga I'm, nah it ain't that he was hating on you rookie. You had that. You had that in your bag. He did have that. You had that on my here when I, the First time I seen Al Farook I said that's the NBA player. Him and James the first two people I ever seen in my life besides Eric Gordon and obviously Greg Oin that I was like yeah they probably going to the NBA. You know what I mean? Like James I seen Greg olden, I knew he was gonna NBA he was no question we knew that. Well I don't know bro. You seen more than that? You just ain't thinking about it right now.


No, no, no, no you when you seen OJ and Derrick you knew I mean yeah but it was like it was different. Like I didn't, you know I seen them in the a u game. I didn't know like I seen these niggas up close and personal. Like Greg old, we played 'em high school. I'm like he gonna NBA bro. Yeah he's too dominant. Like when I played OJ and Bill and them it was just like oh these niggas is crazy. But it didn't affect me. It was aau. Like everybody killed a nigga. I used to get 30, 40 points at aau. Yeah I ain't think I was going to the NBA so I'm thinking Greg Old. Nah that's NBA. I see what you're saying. I see you're saying now. Yeah I see James Johnson up close and personal. I'm like this nigga is six nine. Yeah Prototype doing everything I'm doing.


Yeah. And he fast as me like damn and every he's starting we all freshmen they like yeah he's starting immediately. I'm like what the fuck we, I didn't even get a chance. We they picking the lineups. It is alright is James. I'm like nigga we ain't even had practice yet. He's starting off the rip. Yeah your recruitment trip was a little different than his for sure. So I'm like okay that must be an NBA player. Like that's what I'm looking at. Okay. And then when I see Auch he the only player in the country he come play and Chris Paul said ah yeah he the best player. He gonna be the best nigga you gotta get him. He the best player. And I'm like yeah that's NBA player. He shooting Fadeaways posting us up this nigga in high school.


I'm like yeah that nigga's going to NBA handle Retard shout out to Ru. Yeah but when he came to Wake Forest what did he do? That nigga fell alive. He was in your bag then though. Show disrespect. Respect. But you tell Ruth he can't do his fade away. That's what I'm saying. You a rainy ass dude. No I wasn't, wasn't say as much but lemme get my shit off once bro. Nah, nah, nah. He got his shit off. I wasn't saying that but it was just like yeah bro, he was a young dude. Yeah but I had been through the A CC already. My confidence was through the roof. Like I wasn't gonna be deferring to no alpha ru. Like it wouldn't and there's no shape to him. He was, he was gonna be a top 10 pick.


Wow. Regardless top. Yeah like Bailey like I watched him, they defer to Ace Bailey like he's a great player. They defer to Dylan Harper, they great players but that wasn't my mindset and that's why they where they at now? Like they team struggle because you know they depended on some freshmen to do their thing. Not me. Nah that's true. Oh he said nah I'm welcome to my show. It's funny. Yeah. Welcome to the team show y'all wasn't here. I be here shout out to my dogs. So shout out to Root man. That's a hell of a team for sure. Man. I can wait till y'all get a 30 for 30. They need to break that thing down. I don't bring that 30 filthy niggas going down. Yeah. Shout out to the Ricos Juju should be able to leave college basketball right now.


I know that they're not gonna ever pass rule to let that happen for certain players. Especially not in football to leave rather. But we talked about your favorite receiver right now. Yeah he's ready for the NFL. Like they kind of locked him up the last game though. Texas did a good job on it. I mean Texas ain't no CHUs. No. Texas was a really good team. They just, you know, Ohio State was just good. But yeah Juju should be able to go play in the W now I know with the money she's probably making more money playing USC. She got the Nike deal. I'm sure she's not extra for casual. Yeah I I I like women's, the women's game. I know people don't like me talking about girls' basketball. It is hard though. But I like seeing them four years. Hmm. Because I appreciate they game more than the w and that's no shade at the W but it's like the fan base.


Like when you watch the NCAA for the girls, it is like super exciting better than the men like the fan bases and the teams, the way they travel it is like super like exciting. Like you watch the final fours and the girls, you be damn near rooting for people. Nah it's lit. Like when I watch the boys I don't root. I'm like let's see we can hoop. Ooh nice. But I damn near if I got a team I'm like, like when? Even though they don't like it but when Angel re and them was playing Kaitlyn Carter the year they won. Yeah I was rooting for LSU like I mean last year I was rooting for South Carolina. I'm like beat they ass. You know what I'm saying? So it's like you, you damn near become fans of the girls when they in college and then when you in the WI don't, I'm not really a fan of anybody.


Like I'm a fan of Juju right now, you know what I mean? Yeah. And this all typically applies to a small percentage but like she's good enough that she go lead a franchise right now. It's just like they probably should do wanna die. Yeah but you think like she had the same love though? 'cause we I do. 'cause I think girl, I think honestly she's at few percent of deaf wood. True. But I think like in general, I don't know these some different trainers or just a new breed of young ladies being bred up in the game 'cause they way better than when we was in high school. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely evolved for for sure. So I think they developing at a faster rate sometimes. It probably did take a girl four years to get ready for the W 'cause the W is a lot more physical than we think. No for sure.


No it is. But I think like the girls now that are coming up like a Juju and maybe like six, seven others bro. Let 'em be one and done. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just, it's not that different. I'm more on building. I'm talking about they fan base though. Yeah. Like I I, I think they more 'cause my home, the homie from Rutgers, the homegirl, she left early. Yeah. Oh was her name I can't remember. She was good but she had ended up leaving early. The people in the chat list us know, I forgot her name. She had, was it Epiphany Prince? Maybe that's her name. She went to Rutgers. Let's look maybe on Wildland. That sound like an old throwback. Yeah. Went to Rutgers. But she had Rutgers NY back in the day. That was alright. It was a girl left Rutgers early.


She left after her sophomore year. Damn Epiphany Press. That's her. She left after her sophomore year. Yeah. How old is she? Yeah, epiphany. Damn 34. Yeah she's definitely, she older now. Yeah. But she had left after her sophomore year. I remember she was remember to go to go to the league. She was raw but it was just like, it wasn't heard of like people don't do that and she did that to go to the league. Obviously they wasn't getting NIL and shit like that. But she left a year earlier to play overseas then and then went short W Yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like yeah I'm tapped in motherfuckers in no yeah I'm here but shit I fuck with her. Nah. But I'm saying like throwback it didn't really do anything for her. Like her fan base wasn't there. She left got some money.


Yeah but it didn't do nothing. You know what I'm saying? Like I kind of forgot about it. I think the times adapting and change. I think she probably would've kept that a little bit better now. But I think the biggest part about it is, sorry we're talking about women's basketball but we do know what the fuck we talking about. The structure of the W they y'all picks is getting waved. You are a lottery pick and wave. Second round picks don't have a job in three weeks. They'd have to grow the league more for them to do that rule. And I don't think that's gonna happen right now. But like even think about the girl who got Wave, the pretty girl that was dating Jaylen Green, Jayden, Jaylen Brown. My fault. No she was from here. I forgot her name. She fuck she played up. Excuse me? She played at Michigan. She got drafted by the Fever, right? Yeah, she went to West Virginia, then she went to West Virginia or whatever and she got drafted here but her fan base was built off college.


Yeah. Like people seen her in college. We liked her. She was pretty, people wanted to draft her. Now imagine she would've left early like these girls leaving college early, no degrees, nothing. No, I see what you're saying. Yeah it is. It's just like a bad, like you left with no degree. Yeah. Nah, you right. 'cause the money is different too. And the money ain't even the money. Nah, that's a fact. You got no degree and you left early. A hundred, a hundred percent. Forgot about that. And also again, this applies to a very, very, very small percentage of people. Because most people you leaving your NI in college, you break. I'm just saying though, like the the WNBA average salary. I forgot. Yeah. I'm too worried about the men's shit. Like Yeah stay in school. Yeah. Like I'm leaving for I think what Kailyn getting 80,000, 70,000 something.


Yeah. Yeah. She had, nah, Angelice said she couldn't even pay for her apartment. Not off the Nah they four. Yeah. Stay six. Shiloh Sanders. That motherfucker. Hell I forgot. You're right. Yeah. Who talking about strictly the chicken you right. Yeah. Yeah. NIL So like Epiphany Prince was different. Obviously they wasn't getting nothing at that time. Maybe they was wasn't. I just don't fuck with that though bro. What these WNBA players bro working hard and then you got a motherfucker and I, you know, we always love a motherfucker get paid, but it, it do feel a way when I'm a pro and it's a, a girl 17 going into a college making a couple s.


Oh no, you definitely, you know what I'm saying? Yeah you definitely are. I'm talking about the girls that was later in the NBA, the WNBA like a eight year in like I'm a killer like a Taraji. I be, I'll be high. I was, I'm the goat. I'm one of the greatest players to ever play. Yeah. And I'm watching the Juju Watkins get five, 6 million college. Yeah. Yeah. Look at I'm hurt. I'm, I'm, I'm not hitting. Listen all love the juju but it's like damn W like I didn't what we gotta do because I earned what she getting for sure in this bitch. But you know what she Miller would've got. Yeah but you just gotta pay pay the way like Yeah that's what Oscar we talked about last time. Robinson dude y'all facts all them they paved the way and you just gotta embrace and hopefully the young players just show you love.


You know what I mean? Oscar and them were still going to work. Yeah. Facts. But like you said with Juju, like why would I leave early league? I'm already making five mil. I don't know what she making from Nike but to be making what already making in Nike and I'm enjoying playing college and I'm building my fan base and I'm still getting more nis and I see y'all looking at the overall I was talking about just from a talent standpoint. Yeah. I'm, I get the overall but respect, you know what's far though she might be able to leave college with her own shoe. That'd be heat. That's even better. She might have her own shoe in college. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. She could leave U US C with her own shoe. That'd be fire. See you're having your own kick. Speaking about girls' basketball though. Shout out to Lil Cam daughter Kamar Banks 63 Points.


Oh yeah Addicts for the record addicts. You know what I mean? Shout out. Shout to the young ladies over there. I fuck with that. I'm gonna have to go catch a game. What was the score? One 15 to five? Yeah one 15 to five. So whoever that was get shout to shout to that ain. Kamar fault. Yeah go crazy. No, no, no. Yeah all the, I'm saying who the fuck got everybody? Nah, I wanna know who the fuck have five. Who they play? I don't know. I know well wishes. Whatever's going on. They going to Monday. That might will soon. That mother fun coaches Martin from Rebound. Hey they on my get well song because y'all have five points. They ed it on a Sunday And that's illegal. That's a goddamn Chris mc and Lil Cam.


Nah but shout out to her. Nah, that's crazy. Crazy. But what about the, that's another girl here who had like a quadruple double maybe. Oh that's Lil Steven Reynolds big sister. Oh what she had? She had a Quinn Quin, what do you call She had Quin Quintuple. She had a quintuple? Yeah. And then Oh she had five. Yeah that's with 10 plus. You know what's funny? They our fans shout to, I immediately went to us talking about Larry Stone and them Pat Stats. They said that's something they do to Indiana. Teagan was talking about nah don't smarter her name Larry Stone is different her because that would've been, that is not how Larry, her name Kyra Reynolds. Kyra Reynolds team Teague Little Steven Reynolds used to be a team Teague player. Yeah, I know Steve to your sister.


She better than you. I respect Cheryl was better than Reggie. I guess 14 points. 18 rebounds. 12 assists. 11 steals in 10 blocks. Who the fuck they was playing? Yeah. Or you get 11 steals in 10 blocks. They play the team just lost box five points in play. Hopefully how Academy stat team is not down. Yeah. How I how right there. Who's Marks Hal or John Stockton? The Utah Jackson organization. They never no N-B-A-N-B. I told you I, I fucked the NBA man. Y'all cheating. How? How John Stockton the greatest and it's a motherfucking there playing with them numbers like that. Nah, how bro, come on man. Larry, you really Larry, what'd you say Larry? Whatever six is now. Larry had something else too. Yeah That nigga had 20 points.


10 steals. 10 rebounds, 10 assists. Yep. 10 blocks. Nigga. What else can you get Somehow that nigga had, Hey, hey you know what, 10 for 10 from the, they put 13 deflections in that motherfucker. Oh that's nasty. It was 10 for 10 from the field getting a double double deflection. I cannot remember they big man name for Hal Indianapolis. Please help me figure out who that man was. Isaiah? No it wasn't Isaiah. Isaiah was too young bro. It was Isaiah. No it wasn't bro. They had a big oh my God. Y'all, anybody who went to school, Marcus Wise tap in 20 2004 to 2008. That big man that was there their freshman year.


For how Bro was a big nigga. It was not Isaiah. Isaiah and them is Mookie and the maze bro. He was in school with you. It was Keon Greg, Terry. Shout out to Terry. Keon, Greg, Larry, Terry Hill. I don't know. Fuck all that. Yeah, Terry was there. Tap, tap in with the shot. We'll come back. Yeah bro. That's hilarious. He had a, I was just, I'm thinking about him 'cause his, he had a tuple too. Yeah. In the same game as Larry bro. Yeah, he was lying Catholic or some shit like that. Yeah. Yeah. They patting him steps for sure. Before we get outta here, I wanna ask y'all, Lamar, Jackson, VP Y'all, y'all rocking with it? I'm fucking with got the first team. Yeah, we we gotta talk about Maya Thoe now for seven years. Huh? Maya said she's been celebr for seven years. Hmm.


That's what happened. That ain't no so ain't even no soaking. Why niggas just get quiet when somebody passed away? Because I did. Hey boy, that's a long seven years. That's some different type of discipline man. Can y'all niggas wait seven years? No seven years. No seven years. No. Who's for $2 million? You couldn't wait seven years? No. Nah. 2 million, 10 million for seven years. No bro, I'm gonna be dead before I collect the money bro. Nah, I mean like we, you two freak.


I wonder, I wonder if, like, I wonder when she say Sullivan do that mean like she ain't do nothing. Is this a nigga crazy? I'm saying did she not do nothing? Hey, these niggas is not waiting seven years to, I'm not even sex 10 10 bro. None. No, I'm saying gimme the whole sister act outfit. Outfit. No, I'm saying dude, she, you can't do nothing. Like I'm saying like some of it no I some might might be an in and out thing though. Yeah. That mean like you can't do nothing with somebody else. Boy. But this shit me giving a seven years is crazy. Nigga niggas go to prison. I'm be a mouth warrior. Huh? Niggas go to prison. What type of time you on?


No, I'm saying what Paul? I'm saying Paul, I'm saying niggas like niggas have to go to, I'm talking about Oh that was terrible. He was saying, he said niggas go to jail for seven years. Yeah. Like you go to prison. I'm not Paul, I'm nigga. Alright. I ain't trying to be with the funny shit. Listen, I'm saying like you go to jail, you do a bid for seven years, nigga. Like they, you gotta, you know, whack off pause. But like yeah, I'm saying you can't do that either. Well we in her journey she just talks about how independent she wants to be and not depend on others. So it sounds like like's certain herself. Yeah. Yeah. She gonna ice off for sure. Oh yeah I could, I do a certain bit serving myself. No, Maya, you she ain't doing nothing.


That's just what Mike read. And Mike don't know if that's full. What she said? Man, she got, she going crazy with that Rose. Listen, she said love is beautiful and I think the world always needs more of it. But I think you must start with yourself. Her exact words. Yeah, she loving the fuck out herself. I swear to God, when you stop, you start saying some cool shit. She loving the fuck out herself. So if you could do that. Oh yeah, I do a seven year bid. So So y'all went for $10 million. You can't touch nothing though. Yeah. You can't whack off. No, no. That's not, that's not what she said. She said she pleasing herself. I'm asking you, would you shut everything down? No, I can't do nothing for 10 years. No. 7, 7, 7. No, no, no.


I can't do nothing. Y'all's crazy bro. Bro. Nigga you can't just like seven years bro. Y'all can do that bro. You can't for $10 million bro. You can't release nothing for 10. Nah nigga. Yeah, when I was 14, 14 or 21, you know? Huh? You know how smart you gonna be. Yeah. I had the most energy in the world bro. But I'm just saying, I already, I didn't already live this life after, after that se after that seven years bro. Who you gonna die nigga. You ain't gonna die. That first shot gonna be crazy. Have a heart attack. I motherfucker through the roof quarter, 10th floor die bro. Real heart going explode bro. Bro, bro. After like super soaker bro.


Now Ima imagine doing, you did this, you got kids nigga now just taking a halt. Seven years, nothing. Seven years. I'm shutting it down for 10. Nigga. The First time you get to that motherfucker heart going get the race you gonna pass out. I ain't Samuels. Get the time ready. You bus come. Bus come. If I got a die cracking, fuck it bro. That's what's gonna happen. Your heart gonna get the race bro. You gonna be like we, y'all niggas is too freaky clear. You, you my thrust that first shot probably gonna be crazy though nigga. I'm probably shoot through that watch out.


Just open the window, put my out the window because I can't put that in no water. I probably blow you up. He probably gonna go to the hospital. You gonna die man. The real first step. Go to the hospital. Well I'ma tell motherfucker you ever been cracking sometimes watch out me. Well So you gonna be, I bet you 5,000 right now. You can't go six months. Shit. All, all my kids six months, five bands. You never call your wife first 10. No. 55, 5 bands right now. You can't go six bucks, six months without cracking, dunk.


Nothing. Like you can't wife. Nah, I'll make it a wife dick. Hold on, I'll make a little cheese. Make it 10. Nah, five wife. I ain't gonna do it for no wifey is over with. She wife ain't going. You gotta call, you gotta call wifey first. Mm. I run myself by myself. This is why, why you ain't going bro? Five months you, we bet $10,000 right now. No, I said five. Nah bro, I got ain't gave y'all 10 million, 10,000. I'll go six months bro.


Shut it down. Come off your journey. Yo. Wife's not gonna let you bro. She'll figure it out bro. I'll hold the rose on that. We ain't got no right now. We might be back next week. We appreciate Sean Club five 20 The Volume.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the daily show edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan RK to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers. Jason Mers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week we will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on Lit tablet. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball Trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.