
Bettering your business takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today. Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. That's why I ain't got, Thank you. Mm. You got makes sense. Yeah. Make making sense. Now These men be tricking, do they? Yes. Hold on. I, I gotta get, let me readjust myself. Guys. Be on that. They be on that now. That's why don't nobody call me back, back For my birthday. I want a car.


Vroom. I I got Uber coming to pick you up to come get this dinner. That car. No, I just be, I dunno. It's just like, You know, I, I, I mean honestly, men be tricking These days. They be buying give They trick. Hold on. I get it. Okay. Dior, YSL lv I feel like that's like on a regular, like a little pur Birkins. Guys tricking with Birkins now. Birkins is just like starter packs. I feel like These days. If starter pack Look, I ain't gonna lie to the first thing that I want. I gotta Drink On that one. My, my first, my, my first date that I just went on recently, it came with a crock, a crocodile Kelly.


Like I wasn't even expect I was at dinner. My security guard wallet in with a big orange person. I'm like, oh, that's for me. Surprise. We ain't got this baby. I was like, oh. You know, He expect, he expecting to What? Thank you. I, but, but, but so if that's what going, 'cause I see like I'm watching IG and I see these men and women on IG and I'm like, I was telling Jordan, I was like, bro, I gotta get me another job. 'cause they got me feeling Shannon. You gotta have fun. You gotta have fun. You gotta start. I can't, I can't be broke having fun. You're not broke.


You are far from broke, babe. This podcast, I, I don't want, yeah, I don't wanna be broke though. You're, You can have fun. You better stop. I'm having Fun. Just spend it, spend it more. You gonna have a lot more Funer. Drake said These niggas out here ain't spin it enough. Yeah, but see Dre got it like that. That's what I'm that's what I'm saying. You got, you gotta spend that money. They giving out Chanel bags at the strip clubs. They sending them with the bottles. Oh. They giving out monies at shows. Ooh. But lemme ask you a question though. But see when you see things like this and then man, like, man, I'm very leery of what's going on because it seems like a woman is just after one thing. She wants my money, she wants what I can do for her.


She's really not into me. Me being me. She wants what I can provide, what I can do for her. Right To that You say You I I feel like You know when that, when You know when you in that situation, like you could feel it just a bitch, a pers a as a woman. Well you don't like it man. It just shows like you ain't finna do all that. You just wanna come and get what you can get and go. I ain't doing all that. If I, I'm the type of person, if I don't like you gonna, I'm not even entertaining that I don't like, I'm not So you can't be with a guy. Oh just 'cause he doing all this, gonna let that man be sweating all over you and all that kind of stuff. If you don't like him, you don't like him.


I don't like him. It's eel. It's all over my face. It's like it don't even touch me. Damn. Yeah. Well, well hopefully it don't get to that point. 'cause you, how soon do You know Nick? You said the guy I know off a text message. Really? Ugh. Yes. Damn. What the hell did he say? The text message that make you say you ain't it Bro. What's up boo. Don't call me that and I'm not trouble boo. Well he might try to get you to be his boo. You gotta build up to that. So what? So lemme ask you a question. What do they call you? They call you Miami. They call you by your government. I like Isha. You like reha? I like a being that's like Reha. I be like what's up?


Oh you calling me by my government? You trying to get, You get it? So are you a gift giver? Do you like to give your mate? I Give, yeah. I'm a big gift giver. I'm a trick. Damn. I want a car. I buy you a car. 'cause You know why, why you go trick harder? I'm telling you trick. They gonna trick harder. I might tell you a lie. I might, I might tell a joke but I'll never tell a lie. Yeah. Have you ever taken a gift back? Thank you. Surely did give back my shit. You don. Whoa, whoa. What? Whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. I took a gift back. I did. I ain't gonna lie. I did. Why you give it back?


Oh you went to his place and got it? No, I said give back my shit. You said it just like that two days. Give him My shit. And what didd He say He gave it back. Lemme ask you a question guy ask you for his it back. You giving it back? Yeah. You give It back to him? No. How? Wait a minute. Why? Why why I'm missing something As a man. Why you asking? Why as a man, why are you asking back for your shit? Can I place rewind? Yeah, play. You asked for your stuff back. He gave it back. He asked for his stuff back. You say f No as a man. Why As a woman? Why I work hard for my money. How you think he got his inherit?


No, I don't know. But yeah. Get I'm gonna need you to Yeah, come on off that. Hold on. That gift you just got for your birthday. Somebody bought that for you or you bought that? I brought it myself. I make a lot of money. I put in a lot of work. I worked so hard. A Ferrari? Yeah. You ain't going even drive it like that. Who? It's the summertime. I live in Miami. My top is down. But then you people gonna see you. They gonna, I don't care. I keep a baby Glock. I ain't fighting with no random. I ain't gonna lie. I have my security following me. I I ain't gonna lie. I brought that myself and I was real mad because it was just like, You know the internet love one minute I'm broke one minute.


I can't do it without a man. One minute I can't. It's just so many niches narratives that's out there. And that was something that I did for myself. I worked hard. Like I put in a lot of work. Like I, I'm not gonna lie, I sacrifice a lot. I'll be away from my kids. Like I'm home strategizing. Like I put in a lot of work and I was like I want a Ferrari and I'm gonna buy that. And I was able to do it. I'm so proud of myself because I come for food Self sectional week. Yeah, I remember them King vitamin. Y'all have no king vitamin cereal. I had like corn Frosted Flakes. Y'all can get Frosted Flakes. The popcorn, the little popcorn. They like yellow. The popcorn cereal. Y'all know what I'm talking about.


They like popcorn. Literally like little yellow. Damn. So you got bread like that, huh? I know. You know guys see that. They're like, Hey Isha got bread like that 'cause let's let's go let one a Now. I ain't gonna lie. I brought that. I felt good about it. How did you decide to say, You know what? I wanna buy myself a gift and, and land end up landing on that gift? You, Because I got all SUVs. Like all my cars is trucks Because you got kids and You know haul them around. Take them And I can't drive. You can't. Ooh, you bought a Ferrari you can't drive mama, you have A driver license. Mama been praying for me ever since she said baby girl, please be careful when you drive that car. I'm always just hint like hers. It's always a flat tire, a nailing at tire.


Like I'm really a girl pulling up at valet, still getting dressed. And I was just like, I want a fast car. But I'm kind of like a Ferrari girl, You know like I'm like yeah, I like nice shit. Yeah, I like real nice shit. Like everything gotta be just nice. And I was like, I want a Ferrari and I love just white on white. So I called a Dealership. You got a white on white. White on white. What you got an F nine, S 90, A F eight A spider. Ooh. Ooh. Damn. Yeah, I ain't got no bread like that. I can't get no Can buy two of em. What, what's the worst purchase you've ever made? Some dumb ass veneer. Like my teeth.


Yeah. Before these. I ain't like that. Did you go to Columbia or you was here? In the States. In the States. And what happened? What did you They horrible. My teeth. I I ain't like my teeth the last three times I'm gonna get 'em done again. Damn. I mean where the hell you going? You your home went down the Street. I don't dunno. I'm gonna go back in Miami this time. But I think that was like the Atlanta cosmetic dentistry. I'm not gonna lie, I don't really spend my money like that. I'm like the type of person I I'm not the same money. Yeah. Because I got two kids and I come for real, for for real. Like I come, I'm off of like survival mode so I gotta like know how to like manage my money. Right. So I don't really like buy gi big gifts.


Well you done messed up some money. You done gone three times times to get veneers. Yeah. I'm gonna need somebody to pay for 'em. So if you see this interview and y'all wanna like get my teeth done, D me Okay. You say you came from welfare section eight projects. What have you learned about money then? You like for real? For repay taxes, baby putting the IRS campaign. Damn. What the they came, they came looking me. You. Yes. Like I was just like, oh my God. Like that is so important. When you get money, you gotta really put your money aside for the taxes. For real. For real, for real. Because You, whatever you get put half aside, 30% you have to like put that aside because you will get it and spin And you not even thinking about that.


Like, but when that shit coming serious, they come for whatever you got. And it's just like, I'm big on that. Like when I get my money I'm like, hey, just put this aside for me. I ain't for That because if I got it, I'm, I'm be smiling. My mama mugshot like Well lemme, lemme ask you this. Like when it comes to investing, what do you, what do you feel safe? What do you feel most comfortable having your p people put your money in you in crypto? You in real estate? Real Estate. Real estate. I already think section eight, like housing, public housing is like that shit is, You know, the government, you get your money regardless. Right. So I think Government pay on time too. Thank You.


Government pay on time. We talked about it. We touched on this briefly about marriage And you say you're not sure you want to get married because the title you okay being with like I think, well who was that? Goldie Han and Kurt Russell. I don't know. They might have gotten married but I think they were like a couple for like 30 plus years. You okay being with a being a couple? Yeah. I feel like what works for you works for you? I just feel like marriage just is like a title. Like some, I done seen people that's married that are so miserable and I'm like, why are y'all married? Right. What even made y'all get married? And they felt like because we was together so long, we need to get married. And I've seen people that's been like together for 20 plus years. Like It works for Them. It works for them.


So Whatever works for them. Yeah. I'm, I'm big on that like marriage, just like if you wanna get married, okay cool. But it shouldn't be pressure like you have to be somebody. Right. Like we could be together forever. We know what we got going on. We could get married in in divorce in the year. Y'all still gonna criticize us. Lemme Ask you a question. Could you be a housewife? All this, no more music, no more podcasting. You a housewife. Them five kids, she come home. You got dinner cook All day and tomorrow. Yeah, You can be that. You ain't giving that up. Isha. I can be a housewife. I'm a lover girl. Mm. I don't know You single. Damn. You, you tried to hit on me.


I ain't got no money. I'm telling you I ain't got nobody. I we, we gonna be back in section eight. That for me, shit. We be on the couch with that big old block of cheese with that knife trying to cut it. Man, Long as we spending time together, I don't even care. Long as them kids going to school, they fat. I don't care. Like I, I'm just happy with like, spending time with my person. I'm telling you like that feel good. It feel good. It feel good. You don date older man? Yeah. How much older? What's, what's the five years? 10 years? What's the, what's I mean, I don't know how old you are, but I'm saying what Like 30, like 20, like 20, 30 years.


Wait, let me see if I'm 30, 20, 20 Years. So that that's, that's 50. So 50 is is cool for you? Hmm? Half my age plus seven, half my age. I'm about to be 57. So that'll be 28 and a half plus seven. You Gotta be 57. I'm About to be 57. Okay. 57 minus seven. That's 50. No, that's what, that's what that's me. That's, that's your age? No. You Said 57 you Said no, I'm saying what I what You're supposed for a man.


Okay. Do half his age. Okay. Plus seven. So half my age is 28 and a half. I add seven. That's 30, that's seven, that's 35 and a half. So 35 and a half minus 2 35 minus two. Yeah. 30. 33. You 30. 31. 31. I just turned 31. Just Turned 31. Yeah. I'm still celebrating my birthday. Trying to laugh. I hope y'all got me a cake. You know I'm gonna be honest with your Isha. Try to work the math. Gimme a second, gimme a second. I'm working the math. You Look good with mine. How we, how we, we can add this stuff. How we getting at 31 Joe? How we getting 31? Okay. Maybe we add a after year. Half my age plus eight minus four right on time. That 31 right there.


Okay, Let's talk about it. Are you willing to settle? You ready to settle down? I feel like going into my thirties, yes because I got two kids. I'm 31 life getting a little serious. It's time to like slow down. It's time to be a family. You know like my, my, my son father is deceased like he died and it's like I'm raising a son of my own. I want him to have a father figure. I want him to have like some type of male figure in his life. So it's like I can't just be a fun girl running around. Right. As a city girl. Right. Life gotta get serious. And I think like going into my thirties, I'm at that point, Would you in a relationship for cheating or you give 'em a second chance?


I give 'em a second chance. Everybody cheat. Women cheat too. Damn. That was quick. We be cheating. We just don't get caught Because y'all, y'all, y'all because women are like cat, they got paddy feet can't hear 'em. The tip toe silence. Yeah. And see the thing is a lot of times guys are not as messy as women. See guys will keep down hush hush women. Y'all gonna be telling Nah it be the, it's the other way around. Guys be telling that bitch. Now women don't say shit baby tired friends, but it's never going like, but Yes out it's gonna get out because friends, y'all gonna have a falling out 'cause You know it's just matter of time before y'all fall out and they, you gonna tell all your business and then what? And Now I'm not like, I feel like I ain't gonna lie.


I just hearing y'all, I hate to say this but I feel like men cheat. Like all men cheat. But you have to get to that point where you grown enough to just feel like, okay, I'm not in that era no more. So I'm not leaving my man for cheating once. Man I'm probably gonna give her like four times four. Damn. I'm not gonna lie. I'm gonna have to get your number. Joy. I'm not gonna lie. I got a little patience. I got a little patience. I like that. But when I get, I told you when I get the fuck home, when you get paid at, when I get the fuck home you gonna miss me. Yeah. So lemme ask you a question. That neo situation, you see Neil, I think Neil got like three girlfriend, Man.


Neo's serving. No, I'm just saying I just think for Each's own, I feel like he living in his truth. Right. That's all that matter. 'cause he could be like manipulating women. He could be lying, he could be deceiving women. I feel like you have to live in your truth. Right. If that's what worked for him and the women that's involved, they happy. That's what they wanna do. I feel like, I feel like what works for you may not works for the next person. Right. Everybody don't like apples. Everybody don't like oranges. Right. If that's what he likes and that's his truth. He have to live in his truth and he got women. That's Could you be you okay being on the roster or you gotta be? Can you you gotta be one. Could you be like three on the roster or where you gotta be on the totem pole? Lemme tell you something.


Okay. You see this face, you see baby I I I just can't do a roster. I'm not gonna lie. I probably couldn't start like, I probably couldn't start with like a team. Yeah. But by the time halftime come by the time halftime come, You know halftime. Yeah. You gotta go in the locker room with the coach. Yeah. We gotta talk about Make adjustment. Hey either we fora win this game babe or we fora hay. These cleats up. Right? What? Lemme ask you a question. When you heard that you were dating Stefan Digs, how did that see I was, oh, how did that come Out? That's what I'm saying. I don't know when when you what what, what was the Question? They say? They say you were dating Stefon digs Where that came from.


Internet. You can't believe everything you said on the internet. You just said that right. Oh all. Thank you. So lemme ask you a question. What's the youngest? You're 31. What's the youngest you date? 25. 25. Okay. What have you learned about relationships being who you are, being a public figure. You mentioned you have kids, but what have you learned about relationships? Men and I women lie. You just accept it. So what do you believe? So guy, if you believe men lie, women lie. So what, what do you believe to be true?


Nothing. I dunno. I just think that like, I think that you really have to date, you would have to find your person. I think You know, You know your person when you get with a person, like it is really about the feeling, the connection with the bond that you share with a person like y'all I have to be on the same page. That's the only way it's gonna write anything else is just women are men. Like that's some real shit. I learned that. Like everybody be lying. And you don't even get mad about it, huh? I'm just the type of person it is. Like man, You know what it is. Yeah. Born in Miami. Raised in Miami. How did being raised in, in Miami, how did that shape the person that we see sitting here today? Ooh, it's a fast life.


Everything is fast and I think that like we go through so much at a young age that it made me the woman that I am. I think that like one school I dealt with the, You know like worries may hurt you. Just everything that come at you in life. Like my mama went to prison when I was younger. I had to raise my brother and sister. So I've been through the hardship that built me into like nobody can tear me down. I done been through this shit in high school, just being raised in Miami. Like coming from like my Brown league. They sold drugs, You know, like I done been through everything in life. So it's like, it just molded me into who I am. Like nothing can really break me. I done been through this like I felt like I was raised off of hardship.


You mentioned your mom went to prison And you had to raise your siblings. Do you feel you was robbed of your childhood? That you didn't get an opportunity to be a teenager? A young woman? I appreciate it. I think that if I never been through that I probably would've like not be able to handle what was dealt with me like. Now I, You know how like some people you would think about people that commit suicide, what made them commit suicide? They wasn't strong enough. They didn't have the mentality. They wasn't built for it. Like they didn't know how to get to the next level. I think that like going through all that hardship at a young age, like life is life, right? No matter how you shape it. You know what I'm saying? Like you could just, you can't predict, like, you can't say like, I coulda had the best childhood.


Right. God put me in that position to have me able to navigate where I'm at right now. And I think that like I needed that. Wow. What type of, what type of student were you? Were you a good girl in school or were you popular? So how were you in school? I always been popular. Always had, I had a car at like what, 15, 16? Always was in designer. Always been, no there nails did hair. Did You been there? Huh? Always was a cheerleader. Jump high. Could split just A cheerleaders day athlete. Hmm. I I like a basketball player though. Yeah. That athletes. I had a, yeah I had a basketball Game. I know you did.


See everyone try to pretend like you. But yeah, I always like, You know, I always been an it girl. Always had this personality. Always was fun. I read you say you was hood famous. I was What? What's hood famous Like I don't even, like I was getting booked and I wasn't even nobody. Like I, I used to do like little club hosting spec in Miami for 500 to a thousand dollars. Damn. You been getting brand for a minute, huh? I used to do like little bookies. Yeah, like 500 was the least I took to a thousand. A thousand. So you've been a hustler. I used, I used to have like I used to sell wigs. It was called the Wig Gala, right? Like the MET Gala.


What you are hearing is hardy fiber cement siding living up to its reputation as the siding that handles hail impact with ease. James Hardy knows how important a reputation is, especially when you're a contractor. That's why Hardee's siding withstand severe weather better than vinyl siding with styles to match its strength. So you can be sure you are providing your clients with the best, protect your reputation with exterior products by James Hardy. Lemme ask you this, how did you, how did you become popular on the internet before you even started a rap career? Because like my mom, she had a name for herself. Like my mom always dated like, You know like the drug dealers and all of that.


So she was kind of like tricking Trina. Like that was my godmom. Right. And she just was one of those, she wasn't a rapper but she grew up with the celebrities of Miami. So then she had a daughter. You mentioned that Trina. Trina is your godmother. Is that why you got a rapper? What happened? You getting Arrested? I ain't gonna lie, JT called me one time and was like, Isha let's rap. I'm like, what? Let's do what? Who Did? Jt. Okay. She called me one time and was like, that's just she, she like, I used to have beef. We used to have beef in where we was from and she wanted to make a dish track about these girls. But we ended up going to the studio making a song called. So she actually, how You go? You gonna make a disc track about girls then somehow you making one the FD dudes, I don't know because the beat was like daddy we had sample.


Kay. Yeah it was, we just started distancing. Is it true you used to go to trick daddy pool parties? You know, Not, probably not like his adult pool parties, but I've been in his videos. Right. But I've never been to one of his pool parties. Mm. What about Rick Ross? You know Ross? Yeah I know Ross. I like Ross. Ross used to hang with my, my brother daddy. But yeah I know Ross. So, So who came up with the idea of the city girls? So me and JT just, we was two friends, childhood friends. We started rapping and then once we got signed to qc, coach K named us the city girls. And then because you had city girls and then you had the hot boys and then, And now he was just like city girls.


Like every, every level from the city. That's true though, right? Every 11 of them in the city. Did you ever think that you would, so when you were growing up, you were in Miami And you were doing what you were doing, did you ever think, did you envision this because what did you wanna wanna be as a Child? A mortician Lord this girl wanna be a funeral director. I mean you always gonna have work but damn I wanted to be a mortician. I don't know why. I just wanted to know like what happened when you died? Like, like after death I was just like, you still Not gonna know. I know but I just felt like they would bring me closer like I don't know like cutting up the body. You're not scared. You're not scared of dead people.


They did. I mean not like that. Like you did. Yeah but they can't hurt you but they can make you hurt yourself. Yeah. You know they have reflexes Jump up. Yeah. Ain't gonna it down. Oh shit. That would be a part of that thing. So quick growing up, what was your favorite group growing up? You my favorite group growing up. Were you what's T-L-C-S-W-B Escape. SWB. That's I hit. So it is weekending my knees. I can hide these. See hey I ain't had no business singing that song. See you held it down. You held a group down when JT went to jail, did you give her a big check when she came home?


What? I ain't gonna lie. I was broke as hell. Damn. I told her, I was like jt listen I ain't gonna be able to keep spending this show money for you. 'cause it's like it's so much that come out like you, You know you got a lawyer, you gotta pay the lawyer, you've got a business manager, you gotta pay management like And you gotta split 50 50. So I was making it by but it wasn't crazy money at the time. Right. You know like we'll get like a little show's paid 30,000, you gotta do management, you gotta do lawyer, you gotta do this and that. So I mean she was able to come home to some money but it wasn't like, I ain't finna say it like yeah I just gave her a big check. No, No, no big check. But it was Drake that really helped put the city girls on because he featured you, featured you guys on one of his songs. Was that the big break that you guys got In my feelings?


Yeah. Yeah. Shout out to Drake. So obviously you say shout out to Drake. Drake your boy. I fought with champagne Poppy. Yeah always. You know I felt like Drake was just so genuine. Like he just literally came, I, I remember when they told us like Drake was y'all on this song. We was like what? Right When the studio, we recorded the song, You know he did the video. He brought me outta New Orleans, we performed, I met him in Miami. He just always just like show love and it was genuine. So With that being said, if Kendrick call you and say he want you to jump on a song, you cool or no? I don't think Kendrick would call me for a song to just be honest. So He don't think he gonna get no feature with with Isha?


Nah, just stay with Drake. Drake put you down. Yeah. Yeah. Who's been your favorite artist? I mean Usher, Lil Dirk, juicy Jay, Moony, Doja, lotto, Cardi B, Lil Baby Jaqui Jacque. Who's been, who's been your favorite? I ain't gonna lie, love be so Usher. You know what, I got this for you. You go to Usher's residency, you got a man I went. Okay. He do. I'm not doing the cherries. You're not doing the cherries. You ain't gonna let, you ain't gonna be grinding. You ain't gonna be backing it up on him. I mean ooh I been to Usher. I done perform with Usher that I perform with Usher and Vegas and I did back it The upon usher a couple of times were You had a man, what'd he say?


Nothing. It's work. That ain't work. That ain't damn work. It's work when you perform me though. I think you gotta have like a company man. You gotta have a man that's like a business man and just know they when they position. But I do like Usher. I love Sexy Red. I feel like Sexy Red is get the potty going. I love Doce. You right, you look a ma ho Cardi is your girl too. Yeah. What's Cardi like behind the scene? She got a good personality. Like she cool like Cari, like she like a real bitch, You know. Is Meg still your favorite rap girlfriend? I love Megan. I love Megan. I love Megan. We are Aquarius so we just naturally connect.


Lemme ask you this, the female rappers, there are a lot of you guys today. If you're not listening to your song, who you listening to? A Lotto. What Like big mama my birthday. What do I give from everything? Well I I, You know what, and I, I've asked some of these women this I've had glow on and glow. Why do women have so much beef in the rap game? I think it's an ego thing. I think women have egos and I think it's just getting to like a, You know, like you sometimes you just feel like if you showing too much love, you did Ryan and it just become like an ego thing. Like me, I'm just like a natural support. Like if I work with you, I fuck with you. I like a music. I like a music.


I'm not looking at it like oh I'm, or I'm doing this, I'm doing that. Like I, if I with you out with you, You got caught in the middle of a beef because JT was beefing and that's your partner And you ain't got no issue with these other ones. So you are smack dab in the middle. How you navigate that? I just think that like, it just depends on how deep the beef is and what the beef about. You get what I'm saying? Like it, that's, that's what it all boils down to. Like if it's about some and that shit about some bullshit, but if it's like deeper than rapping, it is like, You know, Y'all need to figure this out though. Don't you wish y'all could just like get the, I don't know if you got beef, but I'm saying y'all, I used that term loosely.


But don't you wish that the, the women that have beef could just like get in the room and figure this out? Yeah. And once you realize that it ain't really that serious. I honestly feel like we all got a story. We all come from somewhere. Like we all trying to make it out. We all trying to feed somebody. We all gotta like kids at this point we too grown to be beefing. 'cause at the end of the day we ain't finna fight. Right. We ain't finna see each other ain't really fight. Right. So what the fuck we doing right? We just going back and forth on the internet, we all got security. We ain't finna see each other. We ain't finna get, we ain't finna get dirty. So it's just like, You know, it's just entertainment. Right. And I just feel like we stronger together. So I wish everybody could come together. You call DJ academics and that say Bro why you speaking on Wimy? You got a problem with him, you don't like him?


I mean I don't have a problem with him. I just feel like as a blogger I feel like everybody have a job to do. You get what I'm saying? Like I just was saying with the shared room, the Breakfast Club, like this is your job and it's all about how you speak on a topic. Like you can say whatever you wanna say about me, but you ain't gotta call me a bitch, you ain't gotta call me a ho. You could just say like, but you did all that. Yes. Like you're a Don, you're a dis. It just be so personal. Right. And it's just like, I ain't never met you a day in my life. Right. I don't mind you doing your job as a blogger or whatever you are. So you don like my music. Yeah you could, you can start calling me out my name. Right. Could you could criticize me. You could say whatever because everybody have a right to obey. But when it get personal, like yeah I'm so glad you got shot at and da da da da.


Like my car got shot up and he like damn. Yeah. Like my car got shot up when I was six months pregnant and when he broke the story we was like, I thought you keep a baby Glock with you. It's like what's wrong with you? Like I could have lost my life and my child life. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like you could, you can talk about the story but why it's so personal. I never met you. I never saw you in person. Like why is it so personal? You know? And it's just like, even like as time went by, that was like the first time that I really like noticed who he was. 'cause it was like very hurtful. Like I was just like damn, I almost lost my, lost my life. And it was something that was just like in my face. And then it was just as time and time went by, he was just so disrespectful. And I'm just like, but god damn. Like everybody got a opinion. I can't put a gun to everybody.


Had they got a opinion. But it's just like, you just take it so far like it's like, yes. Excuse me. What's the problem? I would love to sit down and talk about it though. Would you have him on your podcast? I would because I just wanna know like what I ever done to you. You could feel the way you feel, but why is it so like why Does it seem so Personal? Why it's so personal? You can tell me right now, like Miami, you trash. I'm gonna ask you like what, what do You think? What makes you think That way? Yeah. Or what can I do to do? Like I'm going, we gonna have that conversation. But it's not like you, so it's like, oh my God you're a man. Like Quality control won't release your music.


Is it true they won't release your music? Because why? Why do you don't Think that I'm not signed to quality control? You not anymore. No. I don't know. I think, I just think as an artist, like I think that like we get in our head, You know like because When you have so much success on that freshman album. Yes. Everybody be wanting that. They Expect so much more. You get what I'm saying? Like it becomes so much pressure. Like you people really script you away from your personality. Like they'll love you and big you up for who you are. Like I love Isha 'cause duh. And then like I throw out, they tell you down for it. Right. They don't like you for that reason. Yeah. You need To evolve, you need to be something. Right. And you will get in your head And you just start overthinking the process And you just like may maybe I'm not good enough.


And then it just become a whole thing. It's like, I'm not gonna say you getting insecure, but you just like overthink the process and it's just like you wanna please everybody but you can't please everybody. And the same reason why they used to love you don't, they don't love you no more. So it's just like, You know, you start trying to like create new things and come up with new things and then it's like, ugh, this ain't really me, but I'm trying something different. And it's just like, what if I do this And you don't hit and it's just like you gotta keep going back to the drawing board. Right. What have you learned about Fame? You gotta just keep going no matter what. They love you one minute. They hate you one minute, but you gotta just keep going. You gotta just, you gotta just stay consistent. You gotta put in the time, you gotta put in the effort. You gotta just go no matter what.


What's the best thing about Fame? What's the worst thing about it? The worst thing about, it's no privacy, but the best thing about it is, I'm not gonna lie, like when you go out there sometimes, like I, like last night I went to a event and I'm like, sometimes I feel like damn everybody just hate me. Like the whole world. Just like, like I'm just, you think that I, I get in my mood. So I feel like that like I just be feeling like damn, like how I overcome this shit. Like how I get to this point. Like I ain't do nothing to nobody. And then it's just like when I get outside like, are You reading the internet or people, because it's hard for me to believe that people that interact with you that see you give you the impression that they hate you. That's what I was going with it.


So like on the internet it's just, I just, I feel like damn, I don't know. They ain't Real. They fake. And then like last night, so many people stalk me that it kind of like, I left in tears a little bit. I'm just like, oh my God, I really gotta get outside. I gotta really get out the internet. They was like, keep going. We love you. We here to support you. Like we, we love you. And even the haters on the internet, when they see you in person, they wanna take a picture, get an autograph. Yes. But like the love outside last night just gave me that re reassurance that I need. 'cause I ain't gonna lie. The hate just be a little loud sometimes, You know? Yeah. The haters always louder than the applause. Yeah. Is Fame what you thought it would be? Absolutely not.


What did you think it Would be? Lights, camera, action. You didn't realize that so much came with Fame. It's, it's very like you really gotta put up a persona. Like it's just, ooh, this industry baby. Do you feel like society push women to get cosmetic surgery? Be it BL Yeah. Fillers, things of that nature. Why you feel that? Because it's just like when you got in at body, you like a little boy, you don't got no sex appeal. You this And you that. When you do get the bbl, it's like, oh my God, your body fade. It's like if you natural, they hit you. If you got a bbl, they hit you. What, what, what, what do you want?


Like people, I'm gonna just use this like Lizzo for instance. Yeah. Everybody was like, oh my God, she's so packed. She looks so good now. Right now. It's like, oh my God. Ew. She had surgery. She done got lip. Yeah. Like oh my god she need to stop. Like what? Like pick a side. What do you want? Oh, that told me. Oh, cash had cash Dog. Cash dog told me me getting plastic. So getting surgery now they Are and I hate that. What They getting? They getting the little app. The app it app. Yes. So they get the the Yes. And you can see it. 'cause You know, like, I'm gonna tell you a secret. When you get lipo you got like two little dots. Dots like, as a man don't do that.


I just already you highlighted the little You so you be, you be looking too. You be looking at you. I be Looking, I be like, Damn, I could spot a fake a for a mile away. I'm on your ass. I don't like that Bad. But I'm not the one to judge though. You Don't. Can I ask you this? Because a lot of you mentioned on the internet, why do you, why do you feel like a, a portion of our community lives and looks to tear people like yourself, mine, and others in the community that have had a level of success. Why do they feel they need to tear us down? I don't, I don't know. It's 'cause it's like we are toward like bad people not supposed to be successful.


That when we see white people, we just think that like it's normal. Like everything they do is normal. Right? Like they could, oh like they could just do anything. It's like, yeah, they were afraid like that they was boring money. It's like, it's, it's natural to them. Like a white person could do coke and it's like they rich, they do coke, a black person do coke and it's just like, oh you are a cokehead. You know like it's just like, it's a, it's a stereotype of like, white people is just like boring money. This is what they do. Like they, They supposed get money but we're not Supposed to. Yeah. And it's like when a black person do it, we just got tow down for every little thing. It's like we not supposed to have it. We not supposed to soul celebrate. You sold your soul, we sold our soul. We can't do it. We can't have fun. Like I could be right now just having a good time.


Like, oh she's twerking a white person can be it up. Oh she's having a ball. Why I ain't having a ball? Like why I gotta be, You know what I'm saying? Like I think that like, You know, it, it is just the way that it Is. They celebrate you then they like she doing too much. Yeah. Yeah. A white person can dead ass do drugs. It's absolutely normal black person do drugs. They get tore down for it. They need re it's just, it's, it's just like, oh my god. Like what's the difference? How do we, how do we, how do we work together? And and that's one of the biggest things like man it seems like they work together and they don't care if one has more than the other.


As long as you getting yours, I'm getting mine. We happy. They protect each other. But it seems like They could go shoot up a school. They gonna take on to McDonald's baby we shoot up a school, we dead upon a rival. You know, like, I don't know. I don't know if that's how they taught but they just stick together. Why Can't we stick together? I don't, I don't know what, but I don't know like, I don't know what it is with black people. It's just like they, we can't stand to see each other just thriving. Like I don't know if it's like a, I'm supposed to have it soon. I want you to get high, but I don't want you to get too high. Yeah. I want you And I don't want you to get high than me die. Right. Right. And it's like, look, I worked my tail off to be successful. You are mad about results you didn't get for the work you didn't put in. Right. I worked my tail off. I worked nonstop.


You say I worked too much and I see why you're single. But when I, you see me benefit some, some of the things right now I had to sell my soul. But what happened to the work that I was doing that you saw that I was doing? Amen. Can the pastor preach? You get that? Yes. So lemme ask you a question. When you were in this, your accent, I mean you very Miami ish have, did they try to change that? Did they try to get you to talk? I'm not gonna lie. No. Really? They let you be you? I'm not gonna lie. I can honestly say Coach K. That's one thing he, like I, I'm the type of person, I'm always trying to like better myself. I ain't gonna lie.


If I, if I face any type of criticism I take like if a person saying like she articul the other stuff, I'm like okay, let me go get a speaking coach. I'm always trying to better myself. Like I'm never going to like disregard what people's telling me. Like I feel like that's the only way you can grow. So when I always be like I, I wanna just like, do they like, nah, Miami like you gotta be you. Yeah. You would never got here if it was for you. We came you for this reason. Like don't change yourself. Right. And I'd be like really? For real? Because it just seemed like, it's just like nah. So it's just like, I think that's the best thing. I went through that same thing when I got on television. I felt I needed to talk a certain way. I need to articulate and annunciate and have the alliteration of everything. And you asked me what I was doing before when I was warm warming my voice up to get ready to do this interview.


And, but it was once I saw like I embraced who I was. I'm from the south, I'm from rural south Georgia. I have a heavy cloak dialect. Yeah. It is who I am. I think that was like one of my hardest challenges for the podcast. Me like being an interviewer. 'cause it's like I'm so hard on myself with my accent and I'm like a such a shy speaker. Like if the camera's supposed to hear, we could have a whole conversation. I'm gonna just like articulate myself so well. But like once the cameras get the rolling and I get to like stumbling over my words, trying to figure out am I saying the right way? Am I using the right sentence? And I think that like, that was like one of the hardest hardships that I had as an interviewer. Like trying to just be so political and said that. Right. You're Just trying to be somebody you're not And you can't, 'cause at the end of the day you can be you better than anybody else.


Can be you. Yeah. When you try to be somebody else And you can do it for a couple of minutes, but after a while you gonna revert back because that's who you are. That's what You know. Right. Like season one, I had so much fun. I was just out there getting into the smoke season two. I tried to like switch it up and then try to just be so like professional that I was just like, You know what I gotta, I gotta go back to being me. So what do you think when Coco golf shouted you out when she say fluid? She said period. I be like, I know that's right. Like fluid out, fluid out sounds so much better than flowing out. Yeah. Like I got fluid out. You know, like, and I just be missing up those those days when I was just like able to just be myself, have fun to be free, You know?


Yeah. You ever been flown out? You ever been Flew out? Always. Damn Surely. Did You catch that plane? Huh? Thank you. Same day? Or had? Not the same day. I like you can't call me the same day unless we been like, we locked in. We've been together for a while. But like if we just met, I need time to get myself together. Okay. And I gotta really think like, do I wanna go and see this person over here? Yeah. 'cause I already, You know what? What's got the kids? Okay, you got kids, got the kids situated. Oh, I see y'all. I Been thinking about this Business music podcast thing.


So what is the thing, what is the number one thing that you learned about business? You gotta make sure your business is straight, you gotta have a lawyer, you gotta read other contracts. You gotta make sure that you like own everything. I think that ownership is so important. I think that like when I first became a rapper and when I first started getting money, I just wanted money. I ain't give a fuck what the contract said. I was signing that eyes closed. Right. Like I just, long as I had my money, I just felt like, but now like once you really get into the business and You know the business, you need to make sure like ownership is everything. It is. You get equity. Like that's most important. Like longevity. Like, You know, making sure that like you don't even have to work again And you still don't get paid. Right. What's the one thing that you wish you had learned?


What, or You know, You know now that you had known when you first got into this business? Like you need a good lawyer. You need a good lawyer to, and make sure You know what the fuck no contract say because it is not pay. Pay. Hey, you gonna be fighting for your life and you'll be fighting them that Hello? Hello. What have you learned about selling products? Because you got your board game. Is there anything else you sell? Right now I sell my board game. I got merch. But marketing is key. It is like, I'm not gonna lie, marketing is gonna sell the product. Like you can, you can just, I could see a commercial where I could just see like just marketing. It's like God damn I want that product just based off of the marketing of the product. And I think that like marketing is key.


You have a marketing team. So how do you sell your board game? You put it on your, your site? Yeah, like I do it on Instagram. I set it on Amazon. I normally just like right now I do all my stuff through social media. Yeah. Have you tried to get it into like Target and other, So right now it's a drinking game and it's like a little Yeah, yeah. Drink. Yeah. So You know, it can't really go into like Target right now 'cause it's a drinking game and it's like 21 or older. It's a little sexual. Right. So it gotta go in like sex stores and stuff like that. Right. You, you look at like women that have had success. You look at Rihanna, you look at Kim K, you look at some of them. Is that kind of the business model? That's kind of direction that you want to have? Like Yes. I'm not gonna lie like Kim Kardashian and Rihanna is what I aspire it to be.


Like I love music, don't get me wrong. Like music is not my end goal. Like I really feel like I was put here to be like the next Kim k, the next Rihanna like to sell my products. Right. The podcast. What's been your favorite moment on your podcast? I ain't gonna lie. Kevin Gates bitch being there with Breathe. You know Kevin Gates? Like, I don't, he was my first real interview and he came and he just, he brought the energy. Yeah, he brought the smoke. Like when I'm say you ready to get to the smoke and he ain't hold back. I don't think that that podcast could have popped off no other way besides him because he was ready for everything. Like a lot a amor guest that came on, they was like a little more reserved and You know, they wanna know the questions.


Before he was just like, what's up? I'm here. Yeah. And that was my favorite. That was my favorite interview. Mariah, the scientist did reveal on your podcast that she used to date Lil Yachty. Did You know that beforehand? Yeah, I did. A lot of people didn't know that, did they? No. Why she you, why do you think she revealed that? Because she was th a thug. I think it's just a part of her story. You know, like she made a song about it and I think that I did my research and my homework. So when I was able to just really bring it outta her, I think she was ready to tell the truth. Again, we talk about this hate, okay, you won the best podcasts, you won it twice.


And you're like, hold on. She ain't do but two episodes. She ain't even been there before this and I been blah blah blah. Right. Okay. I'm gonna put it into perspective. Right. Okay. You see how when, when Kat Williams came on here and he sunk that motherfucker through the roof and that was the most talked about that can get you the best podcast. 'cause that was the most talked about episode of the season. You know what I'm saying? Like you brought something new, you brought something different. He came over here and set this motherfucker off like a firecracker. He Did. He Did. So it's just like, I felt like at the time my podcast was just different. Like I, I'm on there, we doing hookah, we playing games. It was just like a whole different vibe. Right. It wasn't just like the regular podcast where it just audio.


It was also visuals. It's also a static, it's also just the style of my interview. Like how I was bringing people on, how I was asking the questions like I'm just dead ass. Like why this person suck your car back. Huh. Huh. Right. That was what everybody was tuned in to. Now You know, people move into something so different. Like they'll be on this today and be on something tomorrow. Correct. That was just now and it was in real time and I just think that's what it was. They'll be hating, huh? Yeah. You going back and forth with Joe Bud, are y'all cool now? I really don't like he's older, You know? I already know him neither. And I just feel like I don't have no prob. I can't beef for me, I'm a woman, You know? Like I'm in my thirties, he, I don't know how old he already, that's a man. I ain't got no beef for him Acting.


You wanna get into acting? I do. I Really, you got a lot going. You want to have a lot going on. You got your board game going on, you got your career going on. You want to like, I wanna do everything. I feel like the sky's the limit. I feel like everybody always box me in. I feel like I'm the underdog. I can't rap. I can't act, I can't do this, I can't do that. And I feel like I'm just like one of God's favorite. He always just, every time they say no, he say yeah. Right. Every time he say no. Right, Because you was on BMF. So, so what was that like? It was fun. You nervous? I was so nervous because I had such a serious role. Like it wasn't like, okay, you could go and be marisha or you could go and just be who you are.


I had to really tap into like emotions like, your husband just got killed. Right. And you have to ask this person like, where's your husband? He's never coming home again. And I try to like tap into reality like, like I said, like losing my child, father. I try to like go into that. So my tears was real, but the emotions just 10. Just didn't, so it didn't come out like you wanted to? Right. I tried like 15 times though. But You know, that's 50 show and 50, You know, to his credit, he be, he be putting his people on. I love what he's done. He's building that big studio. I think it's in Shreveport. It's gonna have a production company. So what, what's 50?


Like, I'm not gonna lie, I didn't meet him on set, but I called him because they sum me before the, the episode air. Like they sent me to review it and I called him, I said 50, I don't like this. Like, it was horrible. Like, please don't put me out there like that. Like I don't wanna face someone backlash. And he was like, You know what, like you gotta start from somewhere like this. Putting you in the game. Like people will always have something to say. Like, you gotta start from somewhere. Like they talking about like, you gonna be good. I like it. Like, get out your head, stop worrying about what the people, what gonna say, like, You know what I'm saying? Like, this gonna open doors for you. And when I had that conversation, I was just like, damn you. Right. Right.


Would you do reality tv? Ooh, I tried it. I did. I I had a reality TV show and I just feel like it's not really reality, You know, like it's, it's a mix of reality with a little drama. And I feel like if I'm ever going to do reality tv, it have to be reality. Like, I want to sell my life. Like I don't wanna make a storyline, make something traumatic. Like I'm not, that's not real. I'm not really into that. You Mentioned earlier that you were involved with a drive-by while you was pregnant. Were you the intended target or they were after your baby's father? I, You don't, not, you're not sure? I, I honestly don't know. But it, it was the craziest experience ever. And I just know that like God is really, God love me because that was like, all I know is I was leaving the studio, I stopped to a stop sign.


I heard gunshots and I'm like, oh my God, somebody's shooting. And I like smelled the gunfire. I'm like, they shooting at me. I'm like big pregnant. Wow. Jump out the car and just started running. Hold. Why? Why did you just take off? Because they shot my tires out. My car was shot up like 22 times. They shot your car 22 times and then it hit you once I showed you the pictures. Wow. I'm gonna show you the pictures after this interview. I promise you Did you. So you are like, damn they shooting. Damn, they shooting at me because It was so like It's real. Huh? It felt like, like when I heard it, 'cause I'm at a stop sign, I just heard like gunshots. I'm like damn they shooting. But it wasn't until I smelled a gunpowder that it was like they was shooting at me.


Right. But like in the instance it just sounded so far away. Right. So you take off running. Did they follow? Did My phone was there. That's why I don't think it was for me because once I got the car and started running, the gunshots stopped. Right. I don't know if they saw I was pregnant or what, but like once I got outta the car, like my first instance was like, just get outta the car. 'cause the car went and go. Right. Got out and I ran and it was just like, Did they, did they ever find out who did it? Damn. Mm. Would you ever move away from Miami? No. You gotta stay at the bottom. I love Miami. I done travel so many places and I just fly. It's nothing like Miami. I've been there my whole 31 years.


My mom's side of the family is from there and my dad's side of the family is from there. So my whole family is from Miami. It's not like my mom is from Miami. My dad is from somewhere else. Like my whole family is in Miami and I've been in my whole life and I just love it. You mentioned your mom, you have two kids. What type of mom are you? I'm like a, I'm very You A pushover mom? No, I got good kids. Thank God. My son is 11, my daughter is five. My son is so respectful. He's like a, he loves school. Like he loves school. Like he do his homework. He made A's and B's. Like I don't have to be on him by nothing. So I just feel like by the grace of God, like I'm just, just get to be a regular mom.


Like I'll check on him. He's, he talk to me about things like just, I ain't no pushover though. Right. Hey ass going on punishment. Damn. Is it true that You know your baby daddy? You talk to the women that try to, that's gonna date him to let him know what's going on And you and his situation? Wait, wait. Can you say Again your baby daddy? Who, which one? Like when he dates your, your oldest. Your oldest son father's deceased. Right. So this new one y'all together? No kind together. So you talk. So what's it like? Like he's dating you are dating. Do you introduce your people to him? He ain't going for that. I am not gonna lie. He don't want, He don't want no part of that, Huh?


No. He was like, nobody out with, he ain't cool. He ain't nothing. He just, that shit's my baby daddy. That shit's my baby. But do you talk to his people? I don't even care. I ain't even gonna lie. Like I But They gonna be around your Daughter. No, they're not. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. Damn. No, not like that. Like I, I'm, I'm the type of, I'm the type of woman that is just like, I trust him enough that anybody he bring around my child, I know that They good With it. I'm not, I'm not into all that little girl childish don't bring da da da da. But I'm not really too fond of who he dating. Like that's on him. I don't even give a fuck. Right. Good Luck. What about kids on social media?


Your son has a social media account. You allow him on social media? You Yeah, he got a social media account but he don't post my kids is kids. I don't like no more social media. Social media is too, they got too many opinions. Yeah, but my kids baby. Yeah. You don't play About that. I'm going to hell, hell in jail about mine. I mean do you feel kids are off limits on social media or they should be off Limits? Yeah, I think so. I think that kid is innocent, You know, But but You know, you see lil baby and, and and his baby's mother, they having to respond. Do you think that's a mistake? Just let it, I mean, or I'm sure if somebody, it is easy to say you should just let it go, but that's my child and I'm gonna be protected. And that's what I'm saying. I hate that they ain't in a position to even have to defend they kids.


Right. That makes those kids are kids. Let 'em express they selves you these not teen, like this is a kid that we're talking about probably in elementary school. It's not a 16, 17-year-old. Like why do I have to get on the internet and defend my child? Right. The internet are so negative that it is, they do people behind a a, a computer that's saying anything. Right. I can't deal with that. I can't deal with that. I would've been there like, oh my god. When your oldest son, father was tragically had his life taken And you realize that now. Damn I gotta raise him on my own. Was he old enough to remember his dad doesn't know his dad. Was he old Enough?


So he was turning five. Turning five and now he's 11. Dad he didn't really understand at the time. Right. Like when I had to explain it to him, he was like, my dad is with God now. And I'm like, yeah, but now he understand. I think that he sit with his emotions and he and his thoughts and he's, he had like a, his dad raised him so he's able to like know that his dad was in his life. But yeah, Mom went to prison. So lemme ask you a question. Your mom go to you, so now you gotta take over 'cause now you gotta be the mom. Did you have any resentment towards your mom? I don't wanna say resentment. No, because I saw my mom. Like I know that my mom went to prison.


Her, her mother was on drugs her whole life. My mom said like she never saw her mother not on drugs. Okay. So it just like me as a mom, it just me just understanding, like seeing my grandmother on drugs, I understood why she had to do what she did. So I couldn't ever judge her. 'cause it's like I had a beautiful life as a child, You know, like my mom did what she needed to do so I can never blame her because she didn't have a mom, You know? Right. So it was just like I understood it. Like I was able to like understand like I'm from Miami, right. My grandma was on drugs. I like my mama had to do what she had to do. Well you in a domestic relationship. Yes. Yes I was.


And Something I don't wish on nobody. I think that domestic violence is like real and I was young. You think that like, I won't say that you think that it's love, but it's like when you go through it the first time, you may think like, oh my god, he love me. He put his hands on me. But it's like after a while you just learn that it's like that it's not okay. Right. And you have to get that person help. You have to. And it is, it's something that like you should never tolerate. Like the first time you gotta leave. What would you say would a, someone in a similar situation, you went through it at a very young age. So what would you tell a young woman that's going through a very similar situation leave?


Because I think that like oftentimes you feel like it's love. Like you think like, oh this person loved me. That's not love. And I think that like you should leave. Was it hard for you to leave? It was, it was hard for me to leave because again, I was young. I felt like it was love and it is just like I tolerated it and then I thought out. Like the last time was the last time I was like, You know what, I can't do this no more. Like it's Did he beg you to come back? Yeah. And you are like, nah, I'm Good. Yeah, I was like, nah. But I got him help though. Did you? Yeah. Wow. He had to go to anger management classes and he came back and was like, You know what, thank you for that. I needed that. Like, I ain't needed that help. Like, if it wasn't for you doing what you did, like I went in there, You know, like it, it was able help.


It was able to help me grow. Have you ever dated a man that was jealous of your success? I won't say jealous, but a little insecure. It's hard dealing with you though, man. It Is. Because it's like sometimes I been in you to understand that it's just like, it's just work, right? Like it's not, it's not serious. It's, it's really not. Like, I feel like as an entertainer I wanna be able to entertain, I wanna be able to do my job. I don't wanna be held back. That's the only way I'm gonna be able to thrive. How's your mental health now? Mentally? I'm not gonna lie. In 2025, thank God I feel good. I'm finding a happy space. Like last year was like one of the darkest time of my life and I just, I was so excited to turn 30.


Like I was like, oh my god, I'm turning 30, I'm gonna be 30. And it was just like the minute January, 2024 hit. It was the race year of my life. Why was it so bad? Just overcoming just everything that I was going through. Like, You know, just my relationship, just my career, just everything. It was just like a lot at one time and I was just going through everything trying to navigate and this year I'm just taking control. Like I'm just having fun. I'm getting back to myself. I'm in my back and I'm just like, I'm having a ball. I'm 31. I'm gonna enjoy this year. Are you at peace now? Yeah, I'm in Peace Hooey now you're in your thirties, you're like 30, 30 was hard. You're 31 now. You finally made peace with it.


I'm in my thirties. Everything seems to be going well. What can we expect from Isha moving forward? Some music, some card games, some tourists. You could expect to see me everywhere outside. Living my best life. Oh, outside living my best life. Like I'm, I'm here. I'm gonna go drop some music. I got my card game. I'm about to go on tour. It's about to be the summer. So you gonna be outside? Outside? Is there anything you wanna promote? My card game. Make sure y'all get reloaded@www.rehapolice.com. It's the number one drinking game on Amazon and in The world. It's fun.


It's so much fun. Isn't it fun? We couldn't stop playing it. We should do one more before we end. Okay. Alright. You got it. Okay. Let me see. Let it be a good one. Okay. You say take a shot. I don't know why I keep getting to take a shot. Ooh, it's say post your sneaky link on your story right now and take two shots. Gotta Post it. I ain't gonna post my sneaky link 'cause I like, he'll be in my sneaky link shot That way. You go get, go get two, take two shots. Shot of my sneaky link. That's my baby. My little shit got a third leg on. Damn.


Go. Gotta go. You gotta Take shot my little shit. You know you are baby. I love you. So are you single? You trying to, you you asking? Yeah, I just wanna know, are you single? I wanna know Why you wanna know Because I just wanna know like are you, you Got somebody in Mind? I'm trying to see and I need to know like, do you like older or like younger? Like what's your type? Half my age plus seven minus three. Okay, have your you 50. I'll be 57 in June. So I have Your age Is 27.


28 and a half. Okay. Plus 7, 28, 29, 30, 31, 35 And a half. Okay, that's 35 and half minus three. Put me about 32. Thank you. That's a good number. I like that for you. Close enough to 31. It ooh right the corner. Right the corner. I Right, right the corner for 31. Might as well drop in. Christian, before we sat down to do this interview, you played me two of your songs, the intro and another one's about, I think you said it's going, it is like a yacht song that You know you enjoying yourself, you kick back, you loving you love what you're doing. That first song. Ladies and gentlemen, I promise you, you will not be disappointed. Both songs are un oh were great. But that first one, that first one Fire You in your bag with that one.


So how did you come about this song? What made you come up with with this song? So it was like my intro to the tape. So I'm like, You know what, I gotta just put everything. You know how when the intro come, that's the first song you play on the tape? Yes. I'm like y'all how I'm sending this bitch off? So y'all already know what the rest of the tape gonna be. It's like drop mic, that's get to the smoke. She got to the smoke The bitches back. She is Win yas era. She saying she in a new girl era. Oh, I love Shannon Char. Shout the club. Shehe Ka Young Miami. Thank you so much. Thank you. Appreciate you. Thank you. I love this interview. Thank you. Thank you.


I loved it. Thank you. Spotlight La the newest, exclusive nightclub for allowing club Shehe to film here. Spotlight LA is a place for anything and everything. With something programmed for everyone. Keep up with Spotlight on Instagram at Spotlight LA. All my life been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll D, the all my life. I've Been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price.