
The 2025 NCAA March Madness Men Tournament is back. And this time it's bringing all the fields. The biggest event in college sports is here with games happening all day long And you don't wanna miss a second of the heart bumping action. Catch all the clutch shots, big time plays, upsets Cinderellas Blue Bloods and more. Tune into the NCAA Men's Division one Basketball Championship March 18th through April 7th on T-B-S-C-B-S-T-N-T, Tru TV and Stream on Max.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal, you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal. Download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast Dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. It's time to drop bombs and diamonds, dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Athletes Unlimited Softball League and Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought To you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring, Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday. Keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Alright man, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is dj. Well same gang with me to my left. We got my dog Bishop. Be here out the prayer. Least. How you what? Nasty. What's that? In nasty. Let's get to it baby. For sure. All right man. You know it's officially getting warm outside. Be here. Is that the first short set for the, for the season? Oh, I been in shorts and shit. You know this fat nigga sees anytime I hear 48 and above in, You know what I mean? In my city, I'm in shorts baby. Alright. Yeah. 48 and above, I'm done. I'm a sinner. The remix is much better now I am a spinner. I'm a quit shout bro because I don't know buddy. But that shit was hard.


Nah, shout out to the slaps for show to my right. My dog. Young Nacho, young Teague. How you what? I'm good. Y'all know why I'm here? Nah, it's March Madness. Oh, okay. We got the bracket pulled up. Also known as BBL Madness. These games will not be on CBS. This will be on your nearest OnlyFans. Hopefully it makes it to revolt at one 16. We had, oh, we go straight to it. We today this episode. I know DJ got some serious shit to talk about. No, we don't. Let's have some fun today baby. Listen, we start like that, we might as well start drinking. Come on man. You know what time it is. This Barbie.


I am a sinner who probably going sin again. Yeah. This Lord forgive me. This bracket is pretty. I go enjoy this motherfucker. Yeah. What's going on Barbie? What's in here? What we got today? We have a strawberry guava margaritas. What's in here? Which one? Don't got the park in it. We got, it's got tequila in it. Sticky. Okay, what's in here again? Strawberry guava. Strawberry Guava. More greeted. Okay. Strawberry guava and lime and rip. Look like that. What's that boy name? Tracy Morgan.


Lemme good. Hey, did you see you Malcolm? Did you, did you see his selfie in the bed today? He is like am good. Y'all just had food poisoning. There is no way that they put you in the hospital without them tags for food poisoning. Oh, if he had food poisoning, that's funny as hell, then yeah, it was food poisoning. That's why I said, oh, okay, cool. It wasn't nothing serious, man. The imagery behind that is terrible as I'm drinking this drink, so I'm gonna have to sit it down. What's the name of this drink though? Elite. The Elite. Okay, respect. Shout out to the Elite eight. We got, we got a bracket today, so yeah, let's see who make to the Elite eight. This ain't basketball. It's off court activities. Barb, you guys bar can sit in on this first round. Yeah, it's the B BBL bracket. Okay, so for one 16 we have Young Miami V Janice Hart guys.


Who is Janice Hart? Some, some black women. Oh no, I, I literally didn't know. Be careful searching that. She's a black woman. Who is Janice Hart? A porn star. Oh, she, okay. She looks like a porn star. We gonna go with you on Miami. Okay. Keep it safe. The porn Star's as is probably crazy. You on as not. Well all looks good. This is, this is, who do you love? Here you go. There you go. Oh no. Yeah, young Miami. Her s is crazy though. But Young Miami, Us being the, the selection committee, the booty being that under the, that much under the pocket is crazy. I ain't got enough wood for that either. Jordan Woods, the nine eight Matchup.


Jordan Woods verse. Summer Walker Walker. That's a wild match. That's a wild match. I'm not gonna disrespect nobody girl that I know. So I'm just gonna go with Summer Walker just 'cause Okay. Shout to Summer Walker and them cakes is weak, but oh, this is, this is a good one. This is that 12 five matchup your favorite Jada waiter and sweetie. Oh, that's a goat. That's a, that's a, that's a, that's a bar murder. Now we gonna ask, You know, ladies first, and this is just overall, it's not about the BBL, it's just these people Who are you picking first? J Suite? Yes. We gotta mark 'em down though, so hold on. Young Miami moved on. It is Summer Walker moving on.


Yeah. Yes, but I'm taking Jordan Woods over Jordan Woods. Damn. Mike, Mike gotta take the break. Mike got ice breaker off the, the JJ Woods. No, Jordan Woods Summer Walker. Walker. I'm taking Jordan Woods. Jordan Woods moves on. Oh wow. DJ is a ball. Respect of all Sweetie is five. Jada Waiter is 12. Y'all, who would you go? Y'all don't, this is my favorite. I don't look at these like that. But if I had to pick, shout out to Sweetie. Okay, we're going with sweetie. I'm going with her. Dj. Pick what sweetie. Iss getting Nod. Oh, what?


As long as she don't get to sing. Boy DJ got a good, I'm a damn she going with J. Alright, so Jada got, she bought the cookbook Respect. See, so sweetie, gotta move on because there's five of us. Who you going with? Mike. Mike, Mel, Jay Now gonna make it. Oh, yo was crazy. Please don't anything. Stick in the studio. J wait sweetie. Here we go. Little ball. Here we go. Sweetie. Moves on. What not about it is, this is about everything. This was like controversial finish.


Alright, so I know this 13 4 13 is always, You know, at the bottom 13 Bernice Bergos verse versus Jocelyn Hernandez. She Bernice moves on. That's a wild matchup. Who's the 14 in that? No, the 13 is Jocelyn. Jocelyn. Oh, 13. Okay, I'm going now this one. Kim Kardashian. Bert Drea. You gotta call the number out. 13 and four. I mean thir three and 14. I can't believe who's the 14 seed. 14 Drea. That is disrespectful. Very disrespectful. Generational icon. But I know why though. I know why. Well, because she got a lot of SMU on her name. Just in general. No, this is not going off. Luke. It's not going off. Luke, I'm up upset.


C Upset City dj. Yes, bro. That's right. I'm going with the phenomenal one. Ake Kian. Who you taking? Mike? You know who I'm taking? We don't, the audience doesn't, You know who I'm taking? You guys audience. Who you got? Who you got Barb? No, leave me alone. You got Dre. Okay, so Dre moves on. Oh, y'all got Kim fucked up. Kim wins 'em all on TV three. That's a, that's a watch mad. Yeah. Okay. Cardi B and Lotto is your 11 and six match. My big mama.


Because shit, lotto. I, I'm rocking with barbecue. I'm taking lotto. I'm picking this one. Lotto. Who you got nigga? Cardi B off the drum. Oh, it's quiet. Cardi got the slappers. Her tattoo goes crazy on her Ass. You got Cardi too? I I, I'm just, I was rolling with Barbie. So who we got? I said lotto. Yeah, I'm going with lotto. Okay, we gonna go with big lot. I'm going with Cardi B. No Lotto. Lotto moves on. Who y'all going with? No Lotto Moves on on lotto. Mike, did you vote? Who you got? He took Lotto. Lotto? Yeah. I didn't take nobody. I just wrote Lotto because who you got? That's who was going in. Who you got? I just wrote Lotto. So we already wrote it. So you was picking lotto.


Alright, you say A about who you got Ka ball three. It's three. Three. He like older women. We gotta, we gotta come back to that. We gotta come back. Your seven 10 matchup is Ss A versus Rari. Alright. Alright. A body is, that's yeah, that's a, that's an unfair. That's see that I feel like Csor got a Louisville ranking. That's not a correct ranking for a 10. Let DJ speak his peace. Yes. That's disrespectful. It was CS should not be is never a 10 seat. No, Ari was a 10. R is a 10. Dis. This the committee. They need to be fine bro. Ari, because be the 14 seat is already outta pocket. The two seat bro. I don't know what he was doing with this.


The selection committee got it wrong. Alright, now this one is, this is your 15 two. This is your Mississippi Valley League state verse Kansas. Yo we, I mean we're stupid. We're stupid. This is JT from City Girls and Nicki Minaj. Mm. I'm gonna be very interested to hear how this goes. You know where I'm going with, You know we ain't got a Nick Moves on school. Nick moves on. Yeah, the dungeon dragon. Gimme Nick. Nick moves on. Okay, we're back at the top of the bracket. Okay. This is Young Miami versus Jordan Woods Young Miami moves on.


Yeah. Pull up Jordan Woods. Yep. Gimme just a second. Okay. Mike do thing because I want, I need DJ's. DJ take on who, who, who he wants to move on. I I'm going with Young Miami. I'm going with Young Miami That was thinking. Yeah, young Miami moves on. Okay y'all, this is, this is a four or five matchup. This is a Bernice Bergos and Sweetie Bernice for me, not easy. It wasn't an easy call. It was very easy.


It was definitely a good game. It's easy. It went down to the wire. It was a barn burner. It's tough. Og, same for you. De I mean she's, she's Brian bro. She been league for 25 years bro. She's four. Champ. She committed. Okay, this is Drea versus Lotto. I don't agree with this one. I thought Kim should be here. Hey, you get what? You get Drea. This is Sweep Drea versus Lotto Dre. I'm taking Lotto. Ooh what you got Mel? That's two. Mike Dre. Do what you're supposed to do.


Mike. There you go. DJ is Drea Barbie. You are gonna break the ice with this one. Okay, so Drea moves on. Shout out to Dre. I don't like speaking on with dudes girls. Man. Girl, let's go. Ari. Nicki Minaj. It hurts. Say it hurts. Two. It hurts me. That's a fire 10 too. No it's not. It hurts me. That's a Michigan state. Oh y'all got, I'll let y'all go first. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. The video with Moneybag throwing a video down and they in the living room bro is like that's one of the best. It's like excellence. I like can imagine that. Got that got R. That's black excellence.


Yeah. Everybody. Everybody share R. No need to vote. I had Nicki but it's all good. I love. Now are we in our Elite eight. Elite Eight is on the way. We in Final Four. So who is our final four? Young Miami and Bernice. Mm, Raya and Ari. Oh my God is a This is a phenomenal four. The fantastic four. What they called. Should we wait and take a vote on this? All the real top season made it. Should we wait for this next week and have all the in the championship? I think we, we leave it in the championship. Okay. We leave it in the championship. Yeah. Okay. Or do we let the final four simmer a little bit? We gotta let to the final four. We got, we gotta let that just rock for a second.


Pause. Alright. Young Miami, Bernice And you got Drea and Ari. That is a fantastic final four. It's some, it's some one seed that went down early that shouldn't check it. The selection committee. Yeah. The seed of this was not all. So now we're not going choose. But who would y'all like to see win the championship? I'm not choosing. We, we'll find out the next episode. Dragon Ball Z. I think it's gonna be fucked up 'cause y'all raggedy gotta catch some off Poke. But I ain't gonna lie. I'm going with the sleeper. I'm picking Bernice Virgos to take it home. Shit. That's a sleeper. That's a sleeper. She gonna pick the one seat off. She, she was was born, she was one.


She was Duke the flag. Dre would be the that's it's really Ari. I'm some real shit. I'm some real shit. It's really all, that's how we feel about number most proved shit. The seat was so terrible. There was no way Kim didn't make it to the final four. It did bro. Bro. Sometimes neutral course matter bro. Yeah And your family matters. None of them got their video downloaded and we did background shit. Y'all know who y'all got picking in the final four. Man. Thank you Bar. Shout to the elite for sure man. My dog Barbie appreciate you for the love of Barbie is on the way. Y'all we really working on on that? Yeah.


For the love of Barbie, they are clowning on Twitter with these rules man. What's the rules? Somebody said how much it cost to cut the line for the love of Barbie on the way For sure man why are we here talking about the a CA tournament? I pulled up a list of some of the worst first round losses in NCA history. Whoa. I'm gonna go through. Yeah it got ugly in 2024. Number 14 Oakland beat Kentucky. I don't remember much about that game but shout to Kentucky taking that L in 2316 verse one upset fairly Digon beat Purdue. That was crazy. Wow. I remember that. Shout out to them. We never thought that there was ever gonna be a 16 C to beat the one seat and this happened twice since then. Yeah. Yeah.


That was, that was the crazy game though. That had to That's that's a different type of disappointment. 23 I believe. Yeah. Was there, that's a different type of disappointment. Yeah, they was there, they had a great team. They was whooping ass too. That's when they was playing them niggas at the factory. Yeah they had that was that was when they boys thought they could win shit. Yeah, for sure. In 2018 you got number 16 UNBC to beat Virginia the first time it ever happened. That shit was crazy. Considering all the NBA players that was on that Virginia team going forth after that. That's a hell of a loss to take. Yes. Yeah, definitely was. Yeah That another one. Oh yeah. Number 15, 20 13 Florida Gulf Coast. When they beat Georgetown they made a whole school name after that.


They was dunk you after that shit. Yeah, that shit was fun though, that they was one of the more exciting teams. Yeah that's the fire part about like the tournament. You have two good games And you can turn your whole university up. Nah for sure. That's what George Mason. George Mason did too. Yeah they went to the fucking Final four. Yeah I know they had the them football players didn't they? They had whole buddy. They went to Buffalo on they team. Yeah nigga went from, he was starting point guard. Oh wow. No shit. His name was Jor. I can't remember his name. I think it was Jordan. He went to Buff though. He was starting point Guard had a fro. Yep. George Mason. Yep. Right. Damn respect. Shot him out. Yeah, I can't remember his name bro. In 2012. Lehigh beat Duke. We all remember that game. Yeah, CJ McClum went crazy coming out party for sure.


Nah, he wasn't dumb. Somebody else. I know that one wasn't the first round but Mercer. Mercer. Oh boy. Shout to a white shout out to Anthony White man and took care of Duke too. 2012 as well. Two 15 match at Norfolk State Beat Missouri. That's how my boy Kyle Quinn got drafted. Yep. He went crazy. That's crazy. 93 Santa Clara beat Arizona number two they had Steve Nash Nash. That's crazy. What's y'all favorite college like March Manness Moment? Moment or You know just run Mines would be, I'm taking my favorite run is private Kimba.


Nah, my favorite run is Florida Gulf Coast. Okay. Just 'cause how fun it was like they was just having fun Don you they was wilding or even when my man's from, what's his name that coach Set hall now Shaheen. Yeah. That little run they went on that was, yeah that was dope too. For sure. Yeah. Damn. One of my favorite runs in college basketball. I, the Kemba stuff is too obvious even though that was like super crazy as well. But I didn't, I'm biased. I gotta go with that Louisville championship bro. That was crazy. Like to have my team win a championship in my lifetime, that shit don't be happening bro. We got a dub. Yeah and that kept weird. Shit was crazy. That's something the crazy shit that ever happened in college basketball. So for us to win that trip that year, that was crazy.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on action at DraftKings Sportsbook an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the EBA player props. New customers BET five bucks and get $150 in bonus bets instantly take it to the rack with Draft King Sports book where every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Hey, what's going on? It's DJ Wilson Club five 20. Be hearing from Club five 20. What's up? You know what time it is? Official role Sparks Partners here man. Big fans of the brand for sure. Listen, it's getting warm outside and You know what happens when they get warm outside. Be here for sure man. Always a good time. Even when it's cold outside man Role Sparks only takes 15 minutes to kick in and it also lasts up to 36 hours man. For sure. Get straight to it. Make sure you go online and make sure you qualify to use this medicine that is prescribed for you for professionals. So you have nothing to worry about. Like Behe said man, once you get active with it, how long it take to kick in my boy man. Just 15 minutes man. For sure man. If you really getting to it lasts up for 36 hours man. So the fun. Don't stop until you stop. You feel me? Be here and tell the people where they should subscribe at. Make sure you go to the site and get prescribed Ro dot co slash club five 20 for sure. If prescribed new sexual health patients get up to $15 off Sparks on a reoccurring plan, connect with the provider at Ro dot co slash club five 20 to find out if the prescription for Ro Sparks is right for you. That's right RO do co slash club five 20 for $15 off your first order. Tap in. Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law but are not DA approved and do not undergo FDA safety effectiveness or manufacturing review. For full safety information go to Ro dot co slash safety info.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method to send the money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to say Woman Miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda Tis. So If you want to keep up with us and here's Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Yeah, I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take Mellow and of course I'm taking my boy shoveling now. Never ever seen a team like that. Running it back to back with two different squads. So I'm gonna ask you this question. Which one was crazier? The first one or the second one? First one. Even crazier than the second one because of Gordon's last shot. It still gets played today bro. Like Yeah I thought he hit that shit like real, real shit. You know we was in the building. Oh yeah I was at the game. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. We was there bro. So that's for me. I think that run and then I, I fuck with it because that run helped him. He was not a lottery pick at the beginning of that year. Hell no. And that pushed him all the way into whatever.


What do you go nine or 11 or something like that? So that's my, my number one. I mean Melo was a dog out the gate but they had, they went, they started off bad too but yeah that brother run Gordon Hayward. Yeah bro, it's number one. That shot is crazy still bro. That's the greatest miss ever in college basketball. And it's crazy 'cause that scream, that man Howard said was illegal as fuck. He didn't tackle buddy. But I was fucking with it. I was at that game. My pops bought tickets to that game. I was still enrolled that bull at the time. And like nobody from Duke around said shit to that buzzer went off. That was one the crazy game. Kyle Single was crazy too. I mean yeah. Get what soon? Yeah that shit bro. The shit soon Kyle Singler but that please he's amazing bro.


He's amazing bro. Most memorable shot for me is when dude from Villanova hit that shot. That's one of the coldest moments ever in NCAA history. After the Marcus three man what to pull up for three to win the like that what's his name? Chris Jenkins? Yeah. Yeah. There we go. Yeah. Did Dante hit a big shot too? I mean, Tay think Dante hit a bigay hit a big shot too but that, that game Tay might hit a game winner. That was a big shot though bro. Hell yeah bro. That was, that was a big shot. Especially after the shot that was already hit the top. This is crazy. Yeah, for game nigga. Wow that's crazy. I walk off three for the national championship.


It's fucking crazy. Crazy bro. Nah, but I, I fuck with that. That was cold. But Mario Chalmers too. You know what's crazy? People love B rolls so much that we don't talk about that clip 'cause that's one of the coldest March maddest moments that we don't give a fuck because it was g Derrick Gross. Mario. Mario Chalmers did his thing. That was a a big big shot. Speaking of Russ, that team like that, why he pulling up that clip? You talk about that melody year. People don't talk about this enough. What D Wade did and Marquette in a tournament is absolutely insane too. Oh yeah. D Wade went crazy. Triple Doug bro. He was bawling in the tournament. He became a household name after that. Dway won to them. Yeah. This is crazy Smack that bitch shot too.


I was pissed. Everybody was mad. I don't know why I was pissed. I was in college at time. Mario Chalmers. I think I was just pissed. 'cause Kansas had like Kansas is Kansas. Yeah but Daryl Arthur was raw 25. I forgot. Yeah but I'm saying like Memphis, I just felt like they was for the people like they was Hood. They was us Jordan or CCDR. He got was George retired Risley too. Shout out to my dog. Niggas was can they, we weren't Kansas, we was Memphis bro. I was in college so I wasn't none of these niggas but I just didn't like, I was just so used to it. Dude, you, you could relate more though. Yeah but I was just so used to like seeing Kansas like my whole like oh you see Kansas hear about Danny Manning and all these people Kirk, he and Nick Coon.


Yeah. Kentucky. Like I never heard of Memphis. Really? That's true. I hated Kansas. I did fuck with Keith Langford though. 'cause he always wore heat. He got buckets. But I never liked his, one of the coldest lefties to do it for sure. Facts hard. He's definitely the freshest hooper. Him and PJ Tucker in college. He was fresher than P Daniel. You too. Ooh, he was fresher than PJ in college. Keith Langford, Keith Fla had that shit. He had that shit. He was the freshest and he was Aggie too and he changed his shoes at halftime. So he wore two heaters every game. Yeah. Jamer Nelson was up there too. Yeah because they jerseys was weak and they still made it work. Oh they they had the red and white though. They had red and white and black one. Well they did but it was black and red. Red and white. They had what they jersey. I remember they came out there and them Barclays Boy man that's because tell me I wasn't going to school and hooping and them Barclays.


Yeah they was too influential bro. And to going to St. Joe's like it's crazy how people influence you. Yeah, for real. I really was influenced by them. I wore a t-shirt, I wore my socks like Melo, I wore a big t-shirt 'cause of them and Celine Meyer. Like it was crazy how college people used to influence you. Nah, that's okay. It's not like that now. Nah, we it's because they too accessible. Yeah. I don't think kids look at college players and like damn I wanna be like that or that. That's a good question. I've never heard a kid, they go straight to the league. Straight league. I've never heard and this generation never heard a youngster say they want to be Adam Morrison or somebody. Yeah.


Or I don't even know you. You saying Keith Langford and Delonte West, You know what I mean? I don't know if Keith Langford major the league but Delonte West wasn't no big, big name. Yeah he just fucked with the swag. He was cold. I don't know no cold college player that ain't really making a run in the NBA A that kids are just locking in with. Nah, even, even now they, it don't even sound like there's like the same excitement around this. Like our age grouping up, love March mad all the alumni and shit. But like kids they don't give a fuck about that. Nah, they tapped in with OTE. They go by, she like, oh it's in a heartbeat. Don't give a damn about that two 15 upset. Because I feel like Jeremiah Fears supposed to have fans. He probably do got fans 'cause he was a young high schooler that people probably watched. But yeah, I'm just saying how like I fell in love.


They don't got no game either. They don't have no video game either. We had March mad on the way back. Yeah we had March Madness and they're working on the bring it back. They got a last time. But I might be hard but I was just too much of a fan of college athletes. Like even Iversson before we got to the league. Come on bro. In the Olympics. Hoping in the car concourses and like even them Georgetown jerseys and shit and I could just keep going on and on about college. I was more of a college fan than I was an NBA fan. I didn't have any, I had one NBA jersey. That was Penny Hardaway. Yeah. Which one? It had the blue one Magic. Okay. Sky blue. Like blue whatever. Yeah I, I watched both. I just love college basketball. 'cause just the game too bro. You could build your own school. School. Yeah. You know what I mean? Cheating, taking Alabama and m all the way to the championship players.


But like I could just keep going on and on about players. Like even when I was younger, I, I wasn't a five five dude. Like I ain't watch that was too old. Yeah, I didn't watch before me. But like right after like Iverson came, then I used to watch Ed Coda and them. I be like damn I wanna go to Carolina. Yeah I, I used to watch, I can't remember his name and I met him, Vince Carter, Antoine Jameson. I used to play with them on March. Mad. Who was the the fat point guard from Yukon Y? It was Khali. Lain. I used to look at Raw Ben Gordon. Ben Gordon. So in the 19 I used to be like damn. Yeah Rudy Gay. I fucked with Rudy Gay legend like all them dude. I used to be watching a McDonald's game like buddy going to damn. Yeah like when Steve Francis was at Maryland on March mad he was the coldest bro.


What elite? My dad loved college basketball. He used to like love Ohio. Say too. So like Michael Red is Scooty Penn. I remember watching him like killed like people would know who Scooty Pen was. That nigga was a dog. Yeah he was. And my carrel is one of the underrated players in NBA too. Steve Francis was so nasty in Maryland. Like I used to watch him. I used to even watch. Oh you said Nick Coon? Kirk Hendrich. Yeah, Juan Dickson too. What was the Juan Dixon was nice. Juan. What was the crash out? Hold on. What's my boy? I met him in la. No, no, no. The white boy. Steve Blake. Steve Blake? Yeah Blake. But they had a white dude. Hey can you go to the Maryland team Back when they had Steve Blake and Juan Dixon. They had a white dude. I think he was like number 33.


He was cool too. Damn there was a lefty. So 2000, 2001 maybe. Yeah. He damn there was a lefty. He ain't make it to the league. But I used to fuck with him on the game too. Like he was cool. I'm, when his name pop up, I'm, I'm gonna be hyped because I used to play with him on the game. I used to fuck with a B from NC State too. The lefty wing shit. I can't think of CJ Leslie? No. Nah, they too young, younger than me. Damn. I can't remember his name. You talking about Julius Hodge? Julius Hodge. Julius Hodge for sure. You say he was white? Yeah. Miller. Nah, just name some of white boys. Everybody else is black. Nah, maybe it's a little bit after that Death Nalin. Nah, maybe he'll a couple years later then. Terrence Morris. Nah, he like a couple years later he might just play with LeBron sfu.


Yeah these are all niggas. Yeah go for a year. I think his name start with a M like Mac something like 2000. Yeah go like 2000 3 0 3. That's crazy man. How that established So stayed with us man. Yeah, yeah like that. Like we looked forward to that shit and people made a name off that time period. And even if you didn't make it nowhere you would steal somebody 'cause you killed in the tournament. Yeah. Kids don't know about like that. Nah, hell y'all going through the list wheel hours. No, 84 0 5, shit. Shit. Even some, I'm trying to think of some UK players. Joe Crawford. Joe Crawford was not Jody Meeks. Yeah Jody was my year. He made all American team with.


Yeah Jody Meeks was a fucking bucket. These are the same white Dave and Neil. Man. Hell no. I dunked on him. You did? Damn. Oh five. I was gonna say everybody on this team man go to go to 2000. Hope you doing well Dave. You call it, is that your favorite highlight? You can do 2000. That's 2000, 2001. Let's do the O2. I'm gonna find it. Don't worry about because that's a crazy highlight when I dunked on Dave Neil. Yeah. You know why? So I like, I don't like that that I don't care. But the whole game he was talking shit, it was a senior night so he's talking crazy like You know we was one of the better teams in the country at that time, but they had like our number a little bit like we never played good against Maryland. So to start the game he was playing good.


It was senior night, he was having a moment, I ain't gonna lie. He was playing good as fuck and he was like a fat chubby, no offense. He just wasn't a hoop. Like yeah he don't think of him as a hooper. So he was having a good night and he was taking charges the whole game. Oh. Oh. You know what I mean? He step in, he take a charge and we like man, he undercutting us and shit. So when I ripped baseline and went and I punched on him, I'm like Yeah bitch you don started going crazy and shit. And his game was fucked up after that. When I tell you he was having a moment on senior night, I'm telling he probably had 12 in the first six, eight minutes. He was violent and I punched on him. It was a rap. You dunking on him on here. Senior night's crazy.


Yeah. Fucked up his senior night. Fuck Marilyn. The university, not the state, but that's, this niggas bad even though they ain't a big 10 now what was called man, even though I like y'all young freshman on that team, but Queen. Yeah. Yeah he nice. But still, fuck y'all my boy Jeff Green was cold too at Georgetown. What? Yeah, he was player. Jeff Green was a nasty Wayne. Antonio Freeman. Yeah. I can't take of you talking about Austin Freeman. Free Austin. Yeah. Austin Freeman. Yeah, Austin Freeman is from, I think Austin Freeman from that DC area. Austin Freeman was a buddy. Yeah he played on DC assault. Yeah. What he was raw Speaking of college basketball, all you got a new head coach, West Virginia, Darien Dev, wherever that is.


He's from the Midwest. He, You know what I'm saying, around one of your boys just wrote me bro. So hopefully, You know, hopefully you come in do what you're supposed to. Yeah, good. You know what I'm saying? Good luck to you. Hopefully not get well soon. Because that's typical what happens is IU job too, like are they asking for too much from their coaches money? All that money involved now. So shit, somebody gotta go Damn. That's what it is. For real bro. It wasn't Matt Han was it? No, don't worry about I'm, I'm looking at as you looking out, he still trying to fight this day. Who is that? What man, he didn't play there from 1998 to 2007. He done went through every team bro. Since prohibitions you try to fight this player to see Man, I swear God they, when I, when I seen I oh boy.


Just why he doing that? A boy just put his name in the portal. Oh. Gabe Cubs. Look Indiana Indiana's like a job that you, it's a really good job with harsh critics. Right. I mean that's any job but like nobody, I shouldn't say nobody. They can get players but it's not an exciting place to play. Hmm. You don't get your name on the back of your jersey. The crowd's gonna be good back it up but, but it's just not, it is. It haven't coddle with the times. Yeah it's still like nostalgia. Everything about the Fers is like nostalgia. Like Bobby Knight, we still work Candy Canes.


We still Indiana on your chest. Fuck the name on the back. Yeah but these kids don't give a damn about that at all. I wanna get paid and I want my name on the back. I wanna be lit And you have to have a coach just with the Toms. Yeah but they never, they never speed up with the Toms. No they Indiana they still stuck in Hoosiers. It's tradition over everything there. Like they canceled they fear of God jerseys this year. That's, nah we nowhere this shit. I'm saying like that's ass bro. And they had one of the best like Adidas programs and they can't even like fully use it because they, they traditional don't let like we not going sauce. I thought Woody was getting a blend of that though. I guess not. Nah they don't up enough like you, y'all can give money but y'all don't sauce it. Y'all don't make it appealing for kids to want to go there.


Even when I was getting recruited, I ain't wanna go to IU like it was Kelvin Sampson was dope. Yeah. Been on fly team when I went to school. The school fun as hell. Oh boy you didn't Georgia, You know you done Georgia your Yeah, the school fun is healed. Come on man. But Kevin Simpson made it cool. I ain't gonna lie. I shout the a I've cousin Kevin Simpsons on Tuesday. Nah, nah. Only said shit that girls only cousin out to the group. Only because Kevin Simpson, bro. Kevin Simpson made it Lil vibe. Kevin Simpson made it appealing bro. Yeah like he came, he brung an attitude and a vibe to it where you like look at Houston.


Who the fuck was going to Houston till Kevin Simpson got there. Nah, true. They wouldn't lit to since five. Slim Jimma. Yeah. Now Houston who, who was going to Houston before Kevin Simpson got there? It may not have been no top, but Houston had something to give. But it was a place for a lot of transfers on. Had it had nothing to give. It was a transfer school. I'm in Houston now. You going to iu? They them kids like damn, this is Bloomington, Indiana. Nah, but I'm saying like before Kevin Simpson get in there, they got a top 10 recruit going to Houston. Yeah. You wasn't no top 10 recruit. It was all, I sit the bench at some school when I transferred to Houston. You know what I mean? But you got top five dudes going top 10.


Like no, I see what you saying. I'm just saying McDonald's, I'm going to Houston off the Ripper. Yeah. I'm trying to Kevin another school like IU go maybe like St. John's or something, but I don't know. That's Chad's to Kevin in oh oh 1, 0 2. He just trying to find his player. It's hilarious. I'm gonna find you one. Nah, and what's and what's so crazy about the Indiana schools and not in particular, like we have some of the best talent as far as high school basketball in The world and they can barely like win Indiana. I think that that's crazy. Yeah, if, if Indiana was a Nike school, more kids would go there from here. Aw. Facts. But, but man that's the fucked up part about it. But yeah, that it is just the way they, the vanity behind it is just awesome.


It ain't even never, it was a Nike school. It's just the way they present shit. Like you said they had the fire fear guy set up and they don't Yeah. Use the Fear guy. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like why wouldn't y'all want that collaboration? Like Miami shit was fire heat, like it is just different. I don't know but shout out to them. Damn man. Give, well listen man, this fan base is not gonna give you no favors but I There you go to you. His name is Nick Caner Medley. That's him right there. I said that Nick caner Medley. NIK. Yeah. Yeah I did. That motherfucker was nice. He 22, he was a shooter. I dunno what the fuck. I just remember him from Maryland.


You fucked with him? Yeah, I fucked with him. Okay. Respect Nick. Caner medley. What year was he there? This was show him a little love. 2003, 2004. Okay. March and I 12 points. Yeah, he was decent. Solid bro. College I remember March Madness. It's definitely solid for sure. We got another request on Twitter about you. There's a video of you point at Blake Griffin in the playoffs when he stepped over Giannis. Do you remember that?


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns and combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LP gto, winner and six time Lady jal winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like. Plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda b Otis. So if you want to keep up with us and here's Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Nah, I, I'm, I'm a wild ass nigga. I, I'm gonna tell you I'm, listen, I'm a very humble person and I'm very nice if y'all meet me, me in person, I'm very nice. But if you like push me and like make me mad, I'm very evil. Like that song a Marvel character. I'm bro, I'm a like bro, I really turn when you play basketball. Yeah bro. When it come to basketball, anything else in life, like I don't get, I don't care. Like I, I think everything else is a joke now. That's not an incident. It's Nets in Milwaukee. It's like it's a playoff game. He stepped on BNIs like if you, like if you see me in person And you come talk shit to me, I'll probably start laughing. I'll be like yo, we really wanna fight. That's crazy.


Yeah like but if you touch me I'm probably gonna go crazy but I'm just saying like you really was like, yo, you a bitch I'll probably like yo, he really think I'm a bitch. That's crazy like that. Think it's hilarious. So that's what Blake Griffin did. I don't know but on the court he probably said something or did something. I ain't like and I love Blake Griffin. I swear to god Blake Griffin, one of the coolest dudes. Shout to Blake as you can ever meet. He's a super cool dude. But he probably just did something I ain't like Yeah he had stepped over Giannis and oh I probably was on that. You was looking at him crazy. I, dude. And then you pointed at him, walked away And you was talking. It was fucking hilarious. Childhood shout. I probably had Giannis back because nigga Blake used to be that nigga you, You know you, you not fucking with him.


Stop. Like especially when you was on the Nets nigga your knees was like my Yeah and your knees is, you got a little bit. Yeah. What he do? Yeah you wildling? Yeah, blank Griffin on the Nets. He had just found out the game too so I fucked with it. Yeah. Fuck it. Get your moneys by Blake. Ain. That's ta. Oh oh he stepped over ta I rode for my nigga t ta come do the show man. I rolled for you. I ain't even know you was on that. Yeah, ta look like he died. Somebody shot ta. He ain't wanna get up because he saw Blake because why you on the ground? What did you do? But nah you ain't have to do all that. So, matter fact, I do remember that play. He wowed out on ta But I remember that play.


He wowed out on ta. He was bugging. Damn. But he my teammates, the one thing I'm gonna do, I like if I'm in the room like yeah we be all, we became teammates basically. So if something happened to y'all, I'm gonna go crazy like we somewhere and a nigga push. I'm like yo yeah I'ma I'm gonna turn the fuck up. Yeah. And I, I had been around him for four or five weeks now and like that was unnecessary. Like You know I mean what you doing? Damn, like why we, why we doing that? I got, I got turned up Doca. That was damn Blake. Was Blake good on Brooklyn? He was playing now you talking to kd.


Oh you went past it? I dunno. There you go. What's good on him? That's funny. I remember what KD said. He said what you doing t You don't even, you ain't even on that. I heard say that. Look that boy Blake. I know why he was crashing out. It had nothing to do with ta nigga. I ain't, what the fuck they thought on the west side of nap nigga. I ain't going for none of that shit. Shit crazy on me. What's funny about that is they was laughing, they was just like damn after the Knicks and Warriors game everybody went dapped up Draymond.


They was like, and Kat just walked to the tunnel. They was like man you ain't supposed to shake his hand after that game. Hell nah. Draymond just gave y'all a life for game. Y'all supposed to say fuck you but like where my niggas at, nigga 16 the pack house and said fuck you damn. Shout to Joe Harris man. Like what? I'm out here t you owe me one matter, I need my 20. That that, that was a $5,000 check because I had one earlier. Matter of fact I need my damn, I need my money back. Oh that's tough. 5,000 for that. KD made me laugh though. He was like y'all losing what you on, y'all down 30, you in the game.


I was like damn I in the game. You know how many technical had in the NBA? 30, 35. Just say 11. Oh damn. That's a big gap nigga. Now what? But you working with them people. 11 got some, I got injections though. I mean you think you got the most sex with Timbers for that nigga got ol got record first. Nigga White. I ain't had that many with Atlanta. I had a lot with the Timberwolves. Oh no, no, no. I lied. You forward Atlanta, you had Ford Atlanta through the Timberwolves. Do they cost the same every time they go up?


The year the more you get in the year. So if your first one was like 2,500, the second one go up that made think of Rashe Wallace. Oh them niggas lost a lot of money. My boy gave back him Dwight Howard. I remember when Dwight got suspended for Dex Jamon a lot of money back Luca. Damn. Luca be getting him like that. Luca was going crazy a couple years ago. Wow. My first tech ever in the NBA was with Sebastian till fair. We was beating they ass and I subbed in the game as a rookie. I'm guarding him. He was playing in Minnesota. He made a move. I guard him. Well You know how n you y'all don't know y'all don't know. But when you are a rookie, niggas just try you for no reason.


Like nigga fuck outta here nigga you ain't good nigga. He like and I locked him up. We get to the bottom of the under the realm. He just pushed me nigga. I was like the fuck the fuck is you doing? He like, nigga I fuck you up nigga you can't walk in New York nigga. He like nigga you're done like you outta here. Nobody even believe you nigga I liked you when you was in high school. Like, You know what I mean? Now we just talking like nah fuck you up nigga. And Josh Smith like, no that nigga really crazy. Like when I go to the bench he's like no that nigga crazy. He was like, you ain't no ho though. But that nigga crazy. Then You know I'm thinking I'm not even know you lose money.


So I get to the bench. Jamal Crawford like, man you talking to that nigga, we beating him by 30. He just lost 2,500. Nigga. What? I'm like that nigga what? He like, yeah they find you when you get text. I'm like, oh hell no. Damn. Like this nigga. We beat y'all about 30 Why you fucking with me? Damn. It's all good though. That 2,500, that's a sick ass fine. Yeah, I was pissed nigga that hit different back then. I was on my rookie deal nigga that, that's a shout out five though. He just, he just took away my trip to Magic City. They been on you with the comments. It like, we tired of team talking about his rookie year. Like he was working at the factory was they said your rookie year, your pay scale was more enough for you to not eat at the mall.


It wasn't though because you got a thing, you got a budget And you coming from a, I was coming from an environment where we ain't had no money like that. So somebody saying yo, you got $3,000 a month to do what you want. That shit sound like a lot to you on a road every day. And you going somewhere you with Gazillionaires? Yeah. $3,000 nigga, you used that so fast that that's a trip to the store. Yeah, you go to the store buy some fuel. Yeah. $3,000 a month. That, that is tough in your lifestyle nigga. What? Like yeah. It was crazy for you to be able to manage that though is is because that was what I needed.


You know? And my parents be like Yo, you don't need much yo. That wasn't like including my bills and shit. So he is like, yo, just for you to spend 3000 you every month you just go out, get some, You know, buy some shoes, get some clothes, whatever you wanna do. I'm like all for sure, for sure. That shit started like oh I be eight. Yeah 'cause because you was in Atlanta. Nah. If you was in Utah would've kind of, you probably been different. Luckily my rookie year I had great pets so I never had to pay for nothing. Like if I went out to the club, if I wanted clothes. Yeah it gave me they per diem so it wasn't nothing for me to buy shoes. And I wore Nike shit all the time.


Like I, they bought me suits and shit when I needed to do so it was like cool but nigga, I thought 3000 was a lot to lie the middle of the season. I'm like damn one table is 1500. That's small. That's half of my month. Like whoa is crazy. And that's in a, a comfortable city. You wasn't in New York, you wasn't in la Nah, that's why that's 15 Table 15,000. And then as you get, as you get up Mike, why are you watching? I'm watching on the top injector. I swear if that rookie Rubio video has a billion views, I gave it a billion. That's one of my favorite videos of all time bro.


Wow. Every time I got ejected I was like hooping like I was having great ass games. Yeah. 25 points a game. I know I was hooping. It was, it was a third quarter. It Why was you crashing out? I don't know bro. I told you I just had these moments where I just, what happened to this game? I don't even know this one. That ain't me. We say they just got the title. I gonna say damn. I don't know. I just had moments where I just, that is funny but fuck everything. But can you remember a teammate that you had that had a lot of texts that you play with nigga that you just be like, damn man, Avan Johnson had a lot of texts. My dog. Yeah, he had a lot of texts. I can believe that Josh Smith got a lot of texts.


Oh yeah, smooth. Gonna talk crazy with ref for sure. Yeah I can see that. Yeah, he had a lot of texts. Shout to Js. Smooth man. Did you see Morris? He went on the podcast talking about Dora Moy. No. What did think? Basically he was just like, I can't trust Dora Moy because this man is using AI to make decisions about basketball. Damn. For real? Yeah. He basically saying like jazz GBT, he using jazz GBT to construct his roster based on a lys and shit. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. A lot of people. But a bunch of That's the game though. Nah, that was, that happened with the Minnesota Timberwolves. Mm. Literally they used analytics for everything. I told you I got the reason I got traded 'cause I shot a mid raise jumper. I remember. Yeah, remember you talking about that?


So I remember I came in the locker room we're down at we going into half and I had to shoot it. The shot clock was going on and I shot him it range jump shot and I actually made it and I'm, I'm having a, a decent game going to the locker room. You kind of could hear people yelling. We down, you can hear people yelling back and forth. Uhuh. He was like, he just don't wanna fucking buy in. I'm gonna get his ass outta here. I'm like, what the fuck is they talking? Who the fuck what happened? I'm thinking of coaches. I'm like what the fuck? As we walk out, coach tells me, come on Jeff man you just have to buy in. I'm like the fucking what? Like we don't play defense.


I mean we, we worth defense team in a fucking league. What the fuck are we talking about defense for? He was like, man you shooting those floaters in these mid range shots, like step behind the line and shoot the three. And I didn't shoot a bunch of three. I wasn't like a volume three point shooter. That's what hurt me a little bit. As I got older, I started shooting more three, when I got to mid Boston I shot threes. Yeah. But if I would've shot 10 threes a game in Minnesota, they would've been happy. That just wasn't me at that time. Yeah. I came in the league at a different time. I just didn't transition to that yet. They was just like, yeah we gotta get you the fuck outta here. Like you're not part of where we want to go. And I used to just think like, I hope Minnesota lose every fucking as. I forgot the dude that was a GM name. He came from Houston.


He came with from Darryl Moorey and all the Oh the coaching tree. Yeah, tree. So he came from that whole GM thing and that's what they thought analytics more threes, layups and free throws. So I just, when I left every time Minnesota lost, like I just went out and had a great time. I did. I used to be like that fucked the game up though. It did bro. And it a lot eliminated a lot of people's positions that were good basketball players. Yeah. Like we talked about. Damn went to Duke. He played for the madness right now. Grapher. Yeah. Aly killed his game because he could have been a player. Oh skill could still contribute. That was bad. Bad time didn't shoot. So it was like, fuck it my lord. That was bad. Bad analytics, murder people game. It took, that was one analytics took me out.


Not really. Yeah And you shoot that's took me. Yeah but but analytics kind of, it kind of made the game weird like, 'cause it's like Chris Paul is one of the best midrange point guards and ever And you see him when people who don't go off of analytics like well okay c just start letting Chris ball be Chris Paul again. And he shooting them midrange shots and he being great and they team win 12, 15 more games. 'cause of him it's like y'all analytics is off. Yeah. Like it might be a better shot, whatever, but he just want 15 more games doing what he do. Yeah. It's just like my eyes tell me the truth.


Here we go. He still on it though. Like my eyes. You step on it though. Yeah, like my eyes tell me the truth. Like analytics is cool. I watch Charlotte, y'all shoot a hella threes and I watch it and it's bad. Yeah. But then you watch Boston, they shoot 60 threes and it's like, but then you watch OKC, you watch Shaa, you watch DeMar Rosen hoop. It is different now. I was gonna actually be here if SGA didn't average start and he average 16, would they feel differently about him taking as many mid rain shots as he does? Of course they would. Okay. Yeah, because he'll be fucking the game up. But then you watch Boston and they winning these game shootings 60 threes and it's like they getting more threes up than us. How can we beat a team? Because if they get hot and they go 38 for 60, you gonna have a fucking chance.


Yeah. Your cooks because what they shot 70 when we did playback, it was crazy. Hit 20 and didn't give a fuck. Yeah. And it's just like analytics tell you that that's a better shot. But when my eyes tell me, it's like Jason Tatum can get to the basket. Right. You're 16, you can take this little dude to the basket. Yeah. And that's where my eyes tell me. And that's when the playoffs start. My eyes gonna tell me a lot. That's why I'm scared what the Lakers can possibly do. 'cause LeBron don't play analytics. He show he shoot more threes than he ever did now. Yeah, most definitely. But that's what age too. But when, when it is like time to get to it, Ron will take your ass to the basket. Yeah. And that's where it's gonna get interesting in the playoffs. I don't know man.


Because Boston, that's bro, we watched Drew, we watched Drew Holiday had wild open le in coulda dunk said no three, three balls. Yeah. He look like Terry out there. He was doing shit. He did the Ben Simmons one time. Yeah. Kicked it out Lay. He did do that. He did do that. He like shoot the lay up. He kicked it out for a three. So is Ben a pioneer in analytics or did he freeze up in the moment because now nah, he freeze up in the moment. Now we got put you 16. You had a, a bottle froze. He was just earlier in the wave. Y'all wouldn't tapped in yet but he he kicked it froze. He kicked it to another nigga to shoot free throw. Yeah that was it. I he would kicked it for a three. I been like you might be on or something. That nigga kicked it to another nigga to shoot the free throws.


Well he coulda just dunked it. But I can't wait. See the type of year he have next year? He is. Why do y'all keep saying that? He's not it right now. It's dead bro. He ain't right now. What Barbie? He's the clipper I'm having. I'm having a really good time man. He's might drink is empty. He's not Barbie. Barbie. This is the first time I like your drink. Second time she's gone. Yeah, we only paid Barbie. She's gone. We paid, we paid, we paid Barbie by the minutes. Jeez. The the crazy part is she literally texted me and was like, should I stay for the next episode? Are they gonna drink you get paid enough? I was like, I don't know. I I think he'd be okay. Yeah we pay her about a minute. Yeah let's shave that voice down. She's literally like outside man.


Isn't that right here? No, she's outside. Oh. I tell her bring her ass back in for sure. We pay her about the minutes. Interesting. I know you feel this to you Jabari let I listen, I wanna hear more from Jabari Parker. I know he's still hooping but whenever he gets down to want to talk I would love to hear more from him. I would love to speak to Jabari Parker. Most definitely. And I played obviously he was a teammate of mine before. Oh for real? In Atlanta my second time when I was double zero. Oh okay. Return. He the realist. You know why he the realist? When I first walked in the locker room he laughed, You know I'm a clown. He's like TI fuck with you. I knew you sent you, I was a kid. And I was like damn for real. You know what I mean? He like you from Indiana. I'm like damn appreciate that. He was like, you came to a fucked up team.


And I like why you say that? He was like, oh You know why me and Evan don't play. I'm like why y don't play? They told us we can only play 14 minutes. And he was like, that's it. I'm like damn they told you that? He was like, yeah. He was like, you about to have that meeting, just watch these dudes just lifting weights. Evan was big as hell. Evan like a wrestler bro. I'm like damn et you big as fuck. He like nigga all dude lift foer day nigga. I don't even gotta go to the games. This nigga didn't even have to go to the games. Chandler Parson was on the team. I never even seen this nigga. Wow. He was on the team. They like Chandler Parson got in a car wreck. He don't come to the games, he don't do nothing. I'm like damn he on the team. ET like he's never coming.


Jabari Parker, all he did was lift shoe shots et just lift weights for Jabari. Like he about to talk to you. No lie me lp. He was like, y'all can holler at you t Jabari shoot. He said, I told you I go upstairs, tell me you got 19 minutes. That's it. You won't go over, you won't go, you won't be under it. It's gonna be exactly 19. That's what you got here again. I'm like 19, I like so if I'm half I'm killing, I got 30. He's like, you get 30 in 19 minutes, you a bad motherfucker And you would not play over that. Literally that was it. You averaged 18.2 minutes.


I I'm not fucking lying bro. Jamari Parker average 13.8 minutes. I'm not lying bro. How much average I, y'all think I make this shit up? I don't make it up bro. They literally told me, he was like, you won't go under or you going be right there. I said, I was like, so I could have, I, I could just be having a night at. And he was like, brother you, I wonder why that is though. But You know what's because they was developing the young dudes. Yeah but don't take my moment away. Let me keep my average. But if I'm killing loose, let me kill bro. Nah they wasn't. I'm wearing double. They wasn't even on that bro. Lemme maximize this. I already can't get my number back. You gotta, and I'm already top 20 in scoring.


Let me, let me try to get to at least 18. That's what, that's my boys should have been top 15. They was hating. They wouldn't, they wouldn't let you hoop and I understood it. I got it. They was trying to develop the young guys who at that time it was Trey, cam, Deandre, Kevin, herder, John Collins, they had all these young dudes. I'm like cool. Shout a chilling. Parsons. He got a check. Never came to the gym. Legend. He is a legend. I seen Jabar. I, I ain't believe him at first I'm like nah, they like you about to sign back here. So when I first got there, Atlanta offered me an extension. Soon as I got there like yo, we gonna send you for the next year. Yeah you gonna do it. So I'm like, You know talking y'all really fucked my money up.


Jabari, Evan, all them because I coulda just signed the next, You know the one year deal. Yeah. And I've been locked in. It was like 6 million, five to 6 million or something. Damn bro. And so when I was there I'm like yeah You know me and Gerald like we just waited out, we didn't know Covid was about to happen. So we like ah you because I was killing and I was having a good game off in Minnesota off the bench. I was, I just like 13, 14. Yeah. So they like that's quality off like off the pond boy nah you gonna get more than that. And then he was like going to Atlanta really gonna hurt you. You gonna be a good six man. So I should have signed it. Yeah, you should have. Yeah but they like, yeah they are like man you probably get, You know we ain't no Covid was gonna happen but anyway they was like you don't wanna come back to this shit And when I was playing 19 minutes I ain't wanna come back to that shit.


That is crazy bro. I was like nigga it ain't nothing you can do to get on the court. That's crazy. They was looking, literally looked at you and was like no. And I remember shout to my nigga et his last game like he ain't played in months. They won a trading. Right. But ET you're dressing tonight et He's so big he put his jersey on bro, this nigga looks crazy. He looks like, I'm like nigga he got his jersey on. I'm fucking crying. He like, I'm and he hoops. He has a good game. Right. He's traded the next morning. What number was ET at nine? He was one. I need that Jersey one and Double Zero was one.


I think he was Red 11 I think he Jersey. Think he was one. Evan. I think Evan was one. It was a Boston game. We played Boston and ET actually played good. Wow. I Rob, I think I passed it to him. He hit a shot at like the end of quarter one time and I was like damn. And that's when we got super cool right there. That moment right there. Then I went to Boston and we just became Oh y'all locked in in the age? Yeah. Oh I thought y'all locked in in Boston. Nah, we got super cool. I mean we knew each other from high school but we got super cool in Atlanta 'cause it was just like that three weeks I got with him before he got traded. He was just being real. And then we got in Boston it was just easy for sure man.


Jabbar had came out and basically said like people looking at him like a, a sad story because of injuries. He like my life ain't no failure. Like he's like I went to NBAI made millions of dollars. I took my family out the hood. I changed generations, I changed my lineage. I'm living great. I play basketball for a living. Like I ain't no sad story. Y'all got hurt. But I did something that a lot of people don't do and a lot of people who criticize me could never accomplish the things I accomplished. That's a fact. Yeah, if he don't get hurt he gets a hundred million dollars. Come on bro. He was having 20 points for his Tor, he got cheated, they got Giannis to be his compliment piece. Yeah. People forget that. Jamari Parker was one of them for sure. Still his coke for sure. But definitely he definitely got cheated outta his career. He don't tear his ACL. He's a hundred million dollar man. The Bucks are a totally different franchise because they gonna keep him and Jabbar facts.


Well said man. Shout to Jabbar. I need you on the pod for show. Alright man. Before we get out here, be here, tell the people that grab some merch at shop club five twenty.com Baby shout my vote bro. On our final four. Come on. We got the BBO Final four verse. Bernice. No, no, no, no. Oh my fault. You got Young Miami verse Bernice. Okay. Okay. Andrea verse Ari, go to the channel. That's a hell of a final four man. Tap in please. We need your votes. Tap in. We need y'all votes. It's a hell of a final four. Where's the BBO? Final four Hill? We gotta put it Location for it is definitely held in Atlanta, Georgia. Okay. Most definitely at Magic City or Allure Nightclub. I don't know which one y'all. Which is like way more Miami vibes like the, okay this is, this is Booby trap before it burnt down.


See, I don't know none of these spots. He's a lot. Where are these? I I, I watch him. Where these I watched him look at, I watched him throw money in door. Oh my God. Which did which city? Which titties is crazy. Which got hurt. Tit. Hey nigga, go ahead. Keep telling. Hey, before we get outta here, I know about the whole night. Nah nigga. Oh no, nevermind. Fuck that outro. I tell the whole night. What Malcolm, Malcolm was dancing That girl. Honestly, what happened when I walked in? That motherfucker walked to the section. People greeted me. Y'all have section is crazy.


Greeted me like this is what I do. Oh, that note, we'll be back. Maybe, maybe not. I, I dunno that I'm lost, but I do remember my nigga about dancing. That big girl on the side chatting. The Big Girls. The Volume.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games, go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method to send the money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal count is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast Dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. It's time to drop bombs and diamonds, dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Athletes Unlimited Softball League and Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought To you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed l PT tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower and IHeart women sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your Podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.