
You know, you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially, step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the Tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic 'cause we came to play Bring the Magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears. On the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway movies. Is there are movie that you audition, a road that you auditioned for that you didn't get that you're like, damn? Or is it something that you turned down that you wish you hadn't? No. 'cause I rarely audition 'cause I don't consider myself an actor. Okay. Okay. I consider myself a personality who can be taught the mechanism of acting. How to hit your marks, stay in your light, or memorize your lines, work on it. And I like doing certain things. I would love to do a sitcom. A a and I have a couple that I'm developing. I like doing movies. What I, what I feel is, I think Kim Whitley is one of the greatest actresses.


Yvette Nicole Brown, greatest actress, Tisha Campbell, all these great actors. Regina King is not just a great actor. Oh, she's a great director. Yes. And a producer, Issa Rae. I have ideas that I wanna work with everybody and all I want is a cameo. That's all I want. I want to produce, I want to be able to stand up at these award shows and give it up for the show as the winner is. And I walk my black up and go, she did it. She did it. She produced and she did it. You turned down players club, didn't you? Okay. Lemme tell you what happened. I, because I was in sexual interpretive dance, they knew I had the skill.


And so they called me and they said, we want you to consider this part. So I said, let me see the entire script, not just the sides. The sides of the pieces. Yeah. That you going be in, be you. Right. I said, I need to see the whole script now. I'm still not understanding. You ain't supposed to making demands when they trying to get you a job. That's, that's why you ain't in no relationship. Right. You over here making demands. Right. So I, I say to them, I need to read the whole script. So I read the whole script and in the script, it's, it's the words of the character. They want me to play that say, you gonna do Junior's Party or something like that. Yeah. Where, where Monica Calhoun, the girl that was in Best Man and the Best Man holiday, she ends up passing away. She's Morris Chestnut's wife. Right. She plays, okay, this is where she gets raped and beat up.


But it's my words to say or or the character they want me to play. So you gonna do Junior's Party? So I called them and I said, I cannot do it. And they were like, why not? And I told 'em why I said, I've been raped. I said, I cannot do it. And they were like, well, it's just a part. I said, no, I'm not that good of an actor to step out of my own trauma. I said, 'cause I've been done told this girl a read the rest of the script about four pages. You about to get gaffled. Right. You about to get Up. See this page right here. Right. I would've been like, the line wouldn't have been you going do junior party line, but bitch don't do junior party. So I I'm not that good of an actor. Right. Not, not to do that.


And my heart is always on My side. Your heart's always in the is in the right spot. Abs. Absolutely. Like when I dialed into the call for the, with the Queen of Comedy, I, I, when I got the call to ask me to come and dial into this for a possible situation, I was so excited to work with them because I felt like this would be an achievement to show us all together. So it was gonna be, it was gonna be you some more Adele Givens And who? Laura? I think Laura Hayes. Laura Hayes. Right. Because I think Monique had already gone on to the things that she was gonna do individually. Okay. And so I, I get the dial in information and you know, we do a lot of conference calls and in organizations and nonprofits and things like that.


So I know to dial in, but I think they're gonna put me in queue. I don't think they're gonna put me directly Directly in Yeah. Directly in the call. So I'm, I go directly in the call and I hear words spoken about me, but I think God needed me to hear it, need me to hear what my colleagues felt about me so I could Did you know, prior to that they felt this way about you? No. Or maybe I was too delusional. Maybe I was still on the, Hey, hey, let's get together and do a show. Let's rent a barn and we could do a show and raise some money and get a cow for the cookout or something. Right. I'm still thinking, oh, this is great. And I did not know some of the things that I had heard and still hear about me, I think are misplaced.


And so then I took the time in my life to show people a better version of me. I'm still strong-willed. I'm still, who the fuck you talking to? No, we ain't doing that. I still walk into bookings and say, did everybody get paid? Well sure we paid you. I don't give a fuck. Did everybody get paid until you pay everybody, you will not be having a show. Right. I'm still a leader. Right, right. But in that case, I think God needed me to hear it. And that's what I really wanted to say on CBS, that these women had achieved something, but they blessed me with something to learn more about me, to help me get to CBS and learn how to be a better me while I work with a team.


And if I hurt them, I want to ask them to forgive me. Even now. Because wouldn't it be great to see me Adele some more, Monique, Laura Hayes, all of us do a movie together. And I have that script and, and I put my team together to write the script because I, I'm not trying to pay it backwards or forwards or anything. I'm trying to show if we come together, why is it other races or people can hate each other make, but they'll come together And do a movie. Make money. There it is. Let's show solidarity and then we all get paid. Did They know you were on that call? Did they, did they have any idea? No, They didn't know. They didn't know.


What I did was the person who invited me to get on the call, I said, I, I don't, I don't think I'll be a good fit. And that's when I started to learn, it's okay for you to back outta something Cheryl and just say, Hey, maybe this is not gonna be right without I, I could have called everybody. I heard what the fuck you said about me, da da da da da. But that's not gonna be good spiritually. And I gotta face God one day and I'm trying to be a better me. But also I respected what they said and then I tried to talk to each one of them, see 'em at award shows at the hoodies, or see 'em on shows and different things that we were working on. I would try to be a better version of me, whether they accepted it or not, because I fear God more than I fear man.


And these are my colleagues and I love them. And no matter what they feel about me, I'm not saying I love you and, and I'm gonna be a sucker. But I do want to have that type of power to be able to say, and I've said it, I can't play this part, but she can call her. And, and every time my agents, my representative say, would you stop doing that? No, I will continue to do that because if somebody opens the door for me, I open the door for someone else. So how did you have the conver, did you ever have a conversation with them individually where you're like, I heard what you said. I don't know why you said it, because I'm just Cheryl Underwood. I don't think I'm this, I don't think I'm that. I'm just being me. Did you have an individual conversation one-on-one with these individuals?


I think it had, it had grown so big with me being on CBS and I will accept of the few times that I've stepped in it at, at the top. You know, one time I stepped in it and I was working on Steve Harvey morning show and Steve allowed me to apologize to our community for stepping in some that I was not savvy to understand. And I asked the community to forgive me. It, it had got so big, I think they missed a part of it where I was saying, thank you, I appreciate what you've done. And when it goes viral, you know, and when everybody on, that's what you did, everybody's weighing in on it. It would be difficult to have that conversation, I would think.


But, but I worked in my career to have the ability to want to put something together. Not because I want them to kiss the pinky ring. I want to show you, I respect your talent. I respect you. And I also believe you ain't always got to like a to work with 'em. I agree. Sometime you just get that work, get that money, and let's keep working and keep making that money for your family. Mortgage. Everything. You, we've got to figure out how to put our differences aside to make great art. That makes great commerce. You mentioned making money and you are very savvy with your money. You, you invest, you take care of your money.


You mentioned that the most important thing to you is the making sure your disabled sister has 24 hours care. And when you started making money, sir, did you always have this idea like, it's not how much money I make, it's how much I keep, have you always been this business savvy? Have you always been like, I gotta not only make money, but I gotta keep it because I got people counting on me. Both my mamas was entrepreneurs. My mama, mama who raised me had a, a drapery business down in the basement. But she would come upstairs and making sure that them pots was rattling. My daddy had a plate of food. The, the middle piece of the cone bread, the big piece of the chicken. And that's what I watched. Right. And, and my dad entrepreneurial. So I knew I, I had to get in some type of business structure.


So you're absolutely right. And then when my sister came to live with me after my birth mother died, and and my brothers, you know, and, and my sister, I understand what they wanna do with their life. I understand it. But I, I've been up under my sister since I was a baby. She's older than me and I didn't know she was disabled. I thought she was just fun to be around. Right. And I still tell jokes about her and if political correctness will allow me to tell the jokes as they're written, I will bring those jokes back. Right. They're funny jokes. Right. But you're not supposed to use certain words. Words. You're talking about the disabled. Correct. But the word gives the joke, the, it's like English on the ball when you're playing pool. Yes. The word gives the joke. The the the spin the power.


Right. So my sister, I knew I was gonna take care of my sister. I knew when I was a little girl 'cause I was already doing it. I was a, a little bitty girl. I mean 3, 4, 5 60 years old, being with her, she was my playmate and I was hers. This is the baby I was supposed to have. Did, did your mom or dad ever tell you that this would be your responsibility if something were to happen to them that you would have to take up the role or be the mother, even though that's your sister, you are now you're the parent in the relationship because now you have to provide, did they ever tell you that? Or you just knew that was your responsibility? Well I know my grandmother on my mother's side was like, you, you've got to do it 'cause you a girl and she's a girl.


Mm. You know, and you know, in our families is whoever's the oldest this take care of. Absolutely. But My older brother was looking at this like, okay, I'm doing it but I shouldn't be doing it. So I'm uncomfortable about this. I'm speaking for him. He's never told me this. But he did come on to talk and tell me that he was proud of me. Wow. And of the two people that's ever told me, they was proud of me. My father before he died and my oldest brother. But I, I was shaping my life for this. I've been married once and the only reason I didn't jump into marriage when people were like, I marry me, I'll take care of you and your sister. I said, okay, understand this. If you touch Ikea, I said, simple as that. That's it. You still wanna get married.


Right. That's just me. And to me the greatest joy in my life was asking God open the doors for me. Where does she go if something happens to me? You know? So yeah. I mean my sister was my motivator and you know, she can't ReadWrite or talk, but she be laughing. I be telling her little jokes and I'll be like, you can understand morning. You gonna understand. Or I make a drink. She, I turn my back now my drink gone. Oh come on Long gut it's happening. Long gut, you know. And she would clap and we would have fun together. But that is what motivated me to succeed. Yes. Even though I was not, you were pretty much deputized. You know, I'm, I'm the girl, I'm gonna do it. And then I started to enjoy it.


I started to enjoy grocery shopping and doing laundry, going to school and then rushing home to take care of her. I started to enjoy it. And what did it gimme A work ethic. Yes. I have a strong work ethic. And my father, I remember my dad going, are you sure? And I said, I'm sure he said, but what about your life? What about your family? I said, she is my life. She is my family. I can't, I can't turn my back on Her. You think that's the greatest? Like I was a kid growing up and coming home and giving my grandmother $10 to give my grandmother $20. That started me at a very young age. I'm a provider. My greatest enjoyment is providing for my family. Yes. That's the only thing that I think about when I wake up and when I go to bed at night, just let me provide for my family.


Lemme tell you something, my father would not take money from me. You know, he work a good job at Chrome. Played it. Right. But you know everybody between check. Yep. So I would have to dap him up on my way out the door. I had daddy, you know, when I come back, I come back to Chicago, we gonna hang out and I dap him up. But one time when he figured out how much money I was making, this was back when, remember the war before war on terrorism. There was a war on drugs. Yes. And they were pulling us off planes 'cause we was mules or drug dealers and everything. And that's when they was paying us cash. Right. So I had the, the, the dope brick of cash had the dope door breaker, cash flew through Chicago. I said, daddy, I need a favor. He said, what? I said, I need you to take this money and wire it back to me.


Now I never showed him what the money was. Right now. Come on now. We both, you know my, if you no one know my father look like you as a shorter man. Okay. So my daddy was like, I'm taking my baby to the bank. I run the bank. They know me, brother Underwood da. So we walking into the bank, what you need, Mr. Underwood, my daughter need me to wire this money. Okay. Show him the money. I pull out the money, his eyes get wide. She takes the money, walks out the room, bring us back some forms. My father go where you get that money from? He said, I worked for it. I worked for it. I show him the contract. He reads the contract. He said, you made all this money just during 45 minutes of work. I said, yes sir.


Yes sir. I said, I I'm telling you the truth. He kept the deposit slip. When he died, the deposit slip was under the lace runner on the, on the, the dresser. Yes sir. Yes. Underneath it, he would look at it with Pride. He was so proud. That's Right. That's that's right. That's what this is about. And it's hard to get, you try to get your, your older people to, to accept things. Yeah. Because my grandmother, my my sister would literally have to sneak her out the house Yes. For to get a refrigerator. Yes. Or to get her wash and dry. Yes. Because she's like, Libby, let them boys enjoy their money. Yes. But I enjoy it. What's to take care of her. When she gave up, she raised her nine and then took my mom's three and raised them as her own.


That's right. And so that was me and my brother's responsibility. But it, we caught hell trying to get her things because she's like, no I don't need It. That's right. That's right. I tell the story about my sister riding in the passenger seat of my convertible Bentley. I tell the story in the show and I can't tell it here because I gotta use certain words now. I don't want your little show to get canceled. Yeah, I sure I do appreciate that. You appreciate that. I still appreci that. Damn. But if you Come I like a little bit of money, I'll make it. That's right. And if you come to my live show mix and mingle tour 2025, you come to the show If I've been drinking enough. Oh no, I will tell those jokes. But I wanted to achieve something. I wanted her to have security. I wanted her to have a roof over her head. That is why I'm working hard now.


There are people that depend on me. The other acts depend on me. Everybody that works with us depend on us to make sure we do the right things so we can keep making this money. You mentioned you saw told black people buy stocks instead of lottery tickets every Friday. That's, that's right. That's right. We need to see people say, I ain't gonna buy no stock. Stock. Too risky. Shut up nigga. You buy a lottery ticket every Friday. What the fuck is the difference? Yeah. You investing in something. If you hit the number, that's great. But what if you hit the stock number? What if you like cryptocurrency? Are you investing in this crypto? I did not. I can't, I can't do it. It's Just so I had an opportunity but when it first came out, I can show you the thing.


A guy, a friend of mine, I met him many, many years ago. He says, Shannon, I got this opportunity. I say, he says, I don't know if you know anything about crypto, but I got an opportunity and I'd be willing to sell. I'd be willing to sell you. I think he said like 25 or 50. And at the time the coins was like, probably like 150, $200. So he said I could sell you, you know, 10 to 20. Yeah. And if you wanted more it would take time. But I could get you more. 'cause I know you, How long ago was this? This was 2015. Okay. Now listen to me though. But you gotta hold it and you gotta remember how to get into it. 'cause if you lose the thing to get into it. Yeah. And, and see what, what This is what I, and I love Mark Cuban. A matter of fact, I was talking to Mark Cuban when I was working at KR and B in Texas.


I think that when you have disposable income that you can speculate in cryptocurrency, that's great. But most people don't. No, they're not. So they think you're gonna take a thousand dollars of cryptocurrency and make a a hundred million. That's, that's not how this works. No. You got to have money to lose Correct disposal. You gotta have this, you gotta have, even when the stock market's like, okay, I got money that I can set aside for five, 10 years and I'm not gonna miss it. Absolutely. Absolutely. Because if you don't Absolutely. And, and what we need to do when you see a black man running Beatrice Foods and when you see a black man doing the things that these black billionaires are doing, yes you can do that if we come together. But if we don't have the money to lose, don't play with people's money.


Right. It just like raising in the sun when they got that insurance money and they supposed to get that liquor stone, they done messed them up the money. Yeah. That's what it's about. And you can't mess up people money 'cause people need it. Absolutely. Are you okay being, being the breadwinner in the relationship? I'm not the breadwinner in the relationship. You mean any man I'm with? Yeah. I'm not the breadwinner in the relationship. But would you be okay if you were I'm Not, there's no man I know from you or the, the, he got a regular job. He work at a warehouse. He is the head of the household. He is the breadwinner. I will chip in as he see fit because he's the head.


Now this is the way I was raised. A lot of women not gonna agree With me. Nah, they ain't gonna agree with that. Cheryl. I I'm cool if you don't but They about to tear you up. Cheryl. Lemme just let you Well I tear me up because here's the thing. Even if I make more money, it doesn't make me the breadwinner. Oh, okay. It doesn't make me the breadwinner. It, it makes me the baby. What you say you wanna do what or which one For Christmas? You want a pony? Okay nigga, I got you Cheryl. You know like what the breadwinner, you know, he has normally that person has the, the larger voice in the relationship. He's a man. He's going to have this is what I, I Believe. But when you got the money, you making the money. No, this is what I believe. Okay. I believe I am advice and concurrence.


Okay. He is the head of the household. Now this is how I believe. Right. The word did not originate with me. He is the head of household. People need to start raising Ephesians. That's, that's what I believe. I may be strong-willed, I may make money, but I'm not the head of the household. But what I watch my mama mama who raised me and my daddy, I watched them talk on Saturday morning. And my brother Chris will tell you this, I watched them talk on Saturday morning and they settle the differences and come out unified. I am not the head of the house. I may be an influencer, especially if this man has children. Right. Right. I want to make his life better and easier, but I'm not the head of the household.


Even if I have access to more money, what happens if I don't have access to more money and we gotta live off his money, then we gonna be eating peanut butter jelly sandwiches and fried bologna. 'cause I love fried bologna sandwiches. And I like this salami fried salami with the peppercorn delicious. But if we got to live off of that, he is still the man and the head of the household. Women don't think like that no more. Well I think like that. And why the hell I'm not married Damnit. And so, but that's what I believe in. Right. And I want a man, young or old to see that in young Or old. What you mean? I go from 35 to 95. Come on Woodrow 35 to nine five.


Holler at your girl Man. Sure. You ain't looking for no 30 5-year-old. I i young men talk to me. I know, but you ain't want that pressure. You ain't trying to get that pressure like that. What kind of pressure you talking about? Back beat in on the red. Listen To me. I know how to hold my own. I know how to wrestle. Let's go little boy. You gotta come on and eat this cereal and ride this big wheel and stop playing. So what's the, obviously there's not anywhere that you're gonna be able to go that people are not gonna know who you are, Cheryl. It's my voice. Yeah. It's, it's, it's really my voice. When I, when I go through the drive through to order my Popeye's, it's 35 Negroes in the winter going, I told you but Cheryl, why you need all these shrimping chicken?


She I thought you was losing weight. Yeah. So what, what's the dating scene like for she underwood? How should I answer this employee at a millennium? I would say I wish, I wish that, that someone would appreciate what I bring to the table. And I wish that, I don't mind a man who has children. I don't mind a man who has less. Yeah. Because you ain't having none. So you Yeah, because my transmission been dropped. I'm out. Oh man. If I'm pregnant it better be three walls. But it because it's Christmas, I'm pregnant.


Listen, I I think the dating scene, well first I don't go out a lot. Right. I work a lot. And when I'm at home I'm happy to be home. I have people, a person Okay. Situation. Okay. But you know, you never know, you know, ing along but die you must, you know, but you, I mean to ask how is the dating scene, you have to ask the men. Right? Because I mean, I will approach a man, but I like to be approached. I like Would you, I grew up, when would you, would you like to dance? Right? Or would you like to go to the movies or something? I'm looking for that. I'm Looking for that. There aint, don't like rejection. I'm not not gonna reject you.


If you man enough to walk across a room and walk through three of my best girlfriends and go, hello Cheryl, my name is Rodney Jenkins. I don't know why I pick Rodney Jenkins. Right. Yeah. Being no light be rejected. You not Gonna be rejected. Yeah. You, there's the possibility you might. No. Okay, go ahead. Let's play the role. Action. Ask me out. Ask me out. Do you wanna go for a hamburger or something? Say it. Okay. This, this how I would do us. Hello. Action. Okay. My name is Sha Sharp. How you doing? I know you nigga. Come on. Let's go. Let's go. All I gotta do is take these muscle relaxers, go to the hamburger place, get two hamburgers messing me.


It's only popping. Listen, if you, my name is Shannon Chop. I don't know why you even think you need to tell me your name. I'm already taking my clothes off before I even got in the car. Why is this bitch naked on the curb? Why Would you, would you do online dating? Would you all like, I I am, I'm all like eHarmony and Raya and all that But your name but show I don't think people believe it's me. I don't think people believe it's me and I And matter of fact, I'm about to cancel all of that. I'm about to cancel all of that. Listen, I, i, if, if you are coming to the mix and mingle tour and would like to date me, just walk up to me because I think men believe I already have someone you know and Well you kind of do What you know.


I don't know who you saw. I thought I walked ahead by my damn self. No, but who I got. Well let me just say this. I think that people think that we all have it together. Right. Standup comedy or really in your career Phil too. It's the loneliest thing in the world because you're talking to the world but you go home alone. Yep. And and then you gotta hope that the person is there for longevity. You know. So I mean, yes. I would like for a man that's in my vicinity to say stop looking. You found it. You found it. That's right. That's right.


And I don't care about age and I don't care about things that you would think if you wanna date me, like I said, I take a fried bologna sandwich. If you say, well what are we gonna do on the first day? You gonna fry some bologna, get some nice good bread. It don't have to be name brand bread and good mustard. You know Frenches. Yeah. You know good mustard with the crushed around the bologna. That's a date for me. That's a date we can sit in the car and listen to music all Night. Oh, So you ain't got what? You ain't got worry be the highest did places to spend five, $600 on the first date. Huh? If if, if he, after we did some reasonably priced things and we are a couple wanted to go to those places, I would want to open the door.


But that ain't gotta be the first date. No, no, no. And I, I wouldn't want a man to break the bank trying to impress me. 'cause you can't do it every day. Right. That's why I tell a man, don't start out buying flowers. Yeah. Don't start out lead with Money. That's right. If you, if you ain't got it now, if you got it, you ain't got to do it either. Keep it you, I need you to keep it. What if I need, if you spending all your money trying to get some, and when I asked you, Hey nigga, lemme hold 500. I ain't got it. I ain't got it. Why? Because you spent it all on me when you could have saved the money and got pistol. Listen, I'll be here all week. It's called the Mixing Ingle tour 2025. Get me on all social media.


Yes. That is me trying to learn social media. Have you seen the Daily Show Pop The Bloom? Yeah. What? And then you pop a balloon if you don't like the person. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't, well I think that's interesting. TV content. Yeah. Okay. I just don't think that's real life. Okay. You ain't popping no balloon on me. Just 'cause you don't like my toes. Hey nigga. See What you, what you got what? I don't see CD five right here. That's a bunion. That's a corn and A bunion. How you dressed or something like that. Yeah. I Don't Listen. Have we gotten too superficial Cheryl? I think we're no more superficial than we we've been because some people, men like what they see women like here.


Yeah. We're very busy. That's right. But when you get to social media, that's when you have a problem. Mm. And when you let other people get in your ear. Yeah. See that's the Yeah. That's Right. That's right. Any man walking with me or me? I don't give a what the world is talking about. You're my man. I love you. I want you look good. Smell good. I believe in the smell. Good. Yeah. That's me. Yeah. Well I'm gonna get me one then You listen To me. I'm gonna get me a young one then. Yes. Cheryl. Say hey Cheryl. Say 35. 35. 35. That's right. I like, I like the smell of a man. You know what really turned me on? What is I don went to bed early 'cause I like to go to bed early 'cause I get up early in the morning and my man come in smelling like a club.


Tobacco and brown liquor that snuggle up on me like that. I'm like, listen, listen, you gonna be late for church? You be late for church now. I like, I like a man. I like a man to be no matter what your age. You must be the man. He must be the man.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Star. So where else you can find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season run.


What's up everybody? I'd n RK today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NL un scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna still gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling. Even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts. Burki That's sure to ka a ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Sure. I say 35 to 65. So 35 95. I go as high as nine. Nine five. Yeah. Over there. You gonna do with a nine five. Put you in a wheelchair. I'm a young, I'm a young tender to a 95 Woodrow Woodrow. You gotta push him around in the jail, Malachi. Oh yeah. I'm gonna push around. Matter of fact, we gonna have double scooters. We gonna drive around, be in the casino playing pin slot. I'm ready. You was in World War ii. You can get it if you was a Tuskegee Airman. You can get It. Get what? A check. The only thing he Lemme tell you something. Let the old dude take that Viagra. You gonna get wore out like a 30 5-year-old dude. I'm gonna be sitting there smoking cigarette. You got sparks? Yeah. And listen, I'm be like, look at Woodrow. Look at Rufuss.


You, you did your thing. We up here listening to Johnny Taylor and Sam and Dave. What about marriage? You you open to get married? I believe in it. I I don't like to have sex on the first date, but I mean, I can get caught slipping. You know what I'm, I be like, Hey, lemme take my shoes off first. But you know, I I prefer to be married. I I prefer to be married and I don't like sex on the first date. I mean, If, if you, if if you don't get married, would you consider, would that be a jacket? No. No, no. I mean, yes. I You ain't gonna Hell no. Can't no man worth his manhood and his backbone.


Put a key in anything I own and walk in like he run it or he own it. You are not a man. That's, that's not, that's not how this go. I, I want you to live in your own separate house. And I live in my own separate house until you make a decision that I'm worthy to be your wife. Right. Oh, okay. I I I, I don't, I Have you ever had a key to a man's house? Hell no. That's your shit. I uhuh I don't like that shit. See People laugh at me 'cause I say I ain't never had a key to a woman's House. That's me. I I want you to live. You can live right next door. I don't care. You know, I just wanna be, we be monogamous toward each other. 'cause I, I wanna be able to trust you. Right. And you trust me. You know, you, you, you can't hand no key to my though. You know, you Might come over there and see something, huh? No, you gonna see everything.


I ain't got out the bathtub fast enough. You gonna see it all, you gonna see all of this. And I done lost a hundred, almost 110 pounds. Thank you Dr. Zuri Morell. You need to interview my doctor on how I got healthy and lost the weight. Health and wellness is a big thing for me. But no, I can't Shaq with no man. I don't, I don't want Shaq with no man. I and, and especially if you have children. IIII don't wanna show And you got daughters? Yeah. Oh hell no. I'm not gonna show your daughters how to be whores. I'm not doing it. Oh Man. I'm not doing it. See that, see that? Now you looking at it different. Now you be like, I should have married this. What, how many years ago was it?


32. See Duke, we could have been growing our, we could have been cryptocurrency down. We be selling it. Bro, look, hi, I'm Underwood and when I wanna turn up, I drink this shit right here. Matter of fact, I put this in pecan pie. You should see Jeff Bezos is getting married and his wedding is estimated cost $500 million. I could do it for the Lolo price of 1500. Have to include it. But I give it up for old girl though. Lauren Sanchez sanz. I give it up for her. She really helped him. Now, if she could just help him in the political space.


You see what I'm saying? Do something more with that money. Right. Right. Help other people. And that's why, that's the other reason why my tour is called the Mix and Mingle tour. We've got to find out why would half the country vote in a way that may cost them things right in the long Run. And they're willing to get they they voting against their best, own best entry. Absolutely. Absolutely. Just because of some other issues. See, that's the next time we get together. Okay. Talk about politics, talk about the world events and things like that. But if she could influence him to say, you have all this money, what, what good are you gonna do with it? And I wanna shout out the CEO of Costco. You know, the, the, the CEOs that are standing up and saying Apple I think said the DEI.


We gonna keep that. We're Not. Yes, absolutely. Absolutely. And you know who else I wanna shout out the young brother that's running Red Lobster me. Now you talking to me about dating? I would love to do a unscripted show where I go on dates and the only place we go in is Red Lobster. Every city a man want to go to Red Lobster. As long as you not allergic to seafood, let's go hit all these red lobsters. I'm allergic to seafood. Oh well damn you can't go then stop you. You know, you can get a cheddar biscuit. That's all you can eat. That's all you can eat. But I wanna help, help this young brother Right. Really grow a Red Lobster. Yes. I heard you say women shouldn't get divorced because of cheating. Especially if the man has money. Why you say that? Because you know, women, me with me. They told you up. Cheryl Did. Did they Tell me up they to you up?


Wasn't them my tiger wood Joe. I would've never divorced Tiger Wood. I don't give a fuck how many s he over at Perkins. And that wasn't unattractive. Waitresses. Yeah. Sorry. Not that I don't love a pie. I'm just saying the the girls, why would you divorce him? You grew this dude. You make him the man that he became. Why would you let another take what you grew and you've got to learn how to forgive. Because I'm sure as women we've done some he may or may not know about. And now you mad. Is he cheating all the time? And you knew he was a dog when you met him and you thought your was going to change him? Mm. Does not change a man. It don't. But a blowjob will make a man reconsider his position.


Scale One. Okay, so listen, I I just don't believe in divorce. I, I don't, I don't damn Well, I mean say until they say death do us part. You, you took that away. Me   You first death do us part. You can't be whooping my ass. Right. But I'm not divorcing you. Now if you whooping my ass, I got call somebody over and handle this. You know, three, four dudes. I was with prom night or my brothers or some street dudes, you know, kilo and them, Hey, I give you $50 and some drink. Lump him up And lump him up. That's right. But for me, I just, I believe you should always forgive as long as he hasn't crossed a line that, that you can't come back from. But you need to tell him that here are my deal breakers.


And then ask him, what are your deal breakers? And as long as we can come together and go I was wrong. I was wrong. Because a lot of women will hold the pussy hostage. Yeah. And then the man go out. Well you wasn't gimme none. So I went out and got it. Well why didn't you just talk to me about, well why are you mad at me that you're neglecting something that I enjoy My By me. That's right. That's that's right. And if you could talk to a man and get a man to trust, you see women have other women to talk to, to get it out of them. Men don't have another man to talk. Oh. You can't go to your boys and go, I don't know why, Cheryl. Hey, shut your ass up. Ass up. You know, you can't do that. Right. Right.


So if your woman cannot forgive you and she's gonna wanna be forgiven by gosh, as long as it doesn't cross a line whooping. Okay. Can't do that. Yeah. We gotta go. Yeah. You you got to go. But you knew he was crazy when you met him or ass whoop when you met him. Right. You know, my deal breaker is you can't lose all our retirement money. 'cause I can't make this money back. Right. I got pension, I got everything. I worked too hard for this. You know, my sisters depending on me. You got something get rich quick scheme, you lose all our money. That, that's a, that's a deal breaker for me. But I will tell a man the truth. We, we ain't mixing money like that. 'cause somebody Oh, so now got so okay, you get married. Yes. He has an account. Yes. You have an account. Yes. And y'all have a joint Account.


That's right. There it is right there. We have an account. And I put in, in that. Now what if this got growing hands and he in that crypto courtesy and now we billionaires. But he don't tell me he just pinching off that money and growing it and growing it. And then I be like, this got a 1500 credit score. I didn't know it existed, baby. I love you. That's, see that's, you want your man to be able to, what, what do you believe in? What are your dreams? How can I help you become whatever you want to be? Right. That's what I want to do in a, in any relationship. Hold it. Cheryl, Lee, Ralph, they've been married over 20 years. Yep. And they haven't lived together. It Works.


It that's what I'm looking for. When I first read this, I was like, ain't no way this can be true. You know, she over there, she go see him, he go see her. They go tighten up like Archie Bell and the dress. That's right. I'm old. And that's, and that's what happens sometimes. Some people can live together, some people cannot. But that doesn't mean they don't love each other. Correct. And that doesn't mean they're not monogamous. That's the other thing. If, if I can't, if I say, well, I, I need to see you 'cause I can't trust what you're doing. If you can't trust me to go to grocery store, you damn sure can't trust me anywhere else at night. Right. All cheating don't occur at night. True. Am I right? You Right. But if I love you and you love me and we respect each other, and I know cheating will break your heart.


I won't do it. Now I have done some stuff that's questionable, you know, because men don't like, like, like if me and you was dating Right. And we broke up. I couldn't get Well who's your best friend? Bucket and burns. Okay. Bucket and burns. Yeah. Sound like half didn and do dirty penitentiary. Penitent. Right. Sweet. Too sweet. Now that I would do HiFi white if we, we made Penitentiary, I would tell that I would. Now that's Wrong. Daddy do dirty, daddy Do dirty. But If I was messing with one of your friends after you and I got together, it's only meant to hurt you.


Yeah. Am I right? That's not cool to do. You know, I I I would tell you every man I know, I can still talk to them and be friends. It may never, I'm, I don't like to look back. I ain't turned into a pillow of salt. Right. Because you, if if, if I feel you don't want me, if I feel I'm not that girl, even if I put in work, I can feel it. That I'm Not her. Yeah. I'm not her. So I'm, I'm gonna let you go and live your Life. Do do your Thing. That's right. That's right. But I would never hurt you so hard to get with your friends. Now I do have a joke that I tell, but you gotta come to the mix and mingle till 2025. They hear that joke of how I would hurt your feelings if you hurt me really bad. You see? Like be women like sleeping with robots Now, Cheryl, is that a, I mean, come on.


What's going, what's really going on? Well, I have had some, you know, battery operated things and you know, some, you know, some that I put a, you know, a, a lawnmower, a gas lawnmower engine on it, you know, but damn. Yeah. You have run. I call him Charles, But You know, and you don't really need a robot. These two gans do it for you. I love you. You love me. We love each other. What kind of what little baby? But I, I, I like the intimacy of the talking and the Yeah. Us in the kitchen and you know, you making the chili or whatever you feel, oh, you done put Turkey in the chili?


Ooh, this lemme taste it. I like, I like all of that. Or I like watching TV together. Y'all sitting on the couch, you know, got little drink, got a little food, you know. Yes, yes. Yeah. I'm not gonna talk too much to you. Depends. Like if you watching the game, right? I don't like talk to a man when he watching tv. I ain't gonna slide on you. Go what you thinking about? I'm not doing that. Right. I usually need to punch you in the chin. You know, I'm not Doing, I'm not doing all of that. But if I get quiet doesn't mean I'm mad at you. It just means I'm thinking. Right. And I'm really a quiet person and I need my alone time. We could be in the house, I'll be in the bedroom. You be in the living room. But then when it come time for us to meet up together, let's meet up, meet up together. Man, what is it? Hold on. How many more cars you got?


Damn. Can I go pee? No, I'm just kidding. Yeah, you Can, You can. No, I'm good. I'm good. That was a joke. You got it. Did you, did you actually have an escort service? Yes, I did. You let it go? One of my first companies, because I was going to, when I got to LA I was going to events by myself and you know, you go to get a ticket to the Grammys, you know, or I went to the last Tyson fight in Memphis. Okay. By myself. Oh, Lenny Lewis. Yep. Yep, yep, yep, yep. I was gonna take my dad and my dad passed. Oh. But I, I I, I like companionship. I like to share, I like to turn around and go, oh my God, did you see this?


Or you know, going to Super Bowls, you know, to be able to go, oh my God, did you see that past? Did you see this interception? Did you see, you know, all the places that I'm afforded to go. It's great to just like, mahogany success is nothing without someone you love to share with. Billy D. Williams was Right. And I want somebody to share that with. So to be able to go somewhere with somebody, it, it just brings you closer together. So I wanted to hire men that would study the woman and go with her to an event. The reason I had to stop the company was because some women felt that if they pay more than a thousand dollars for this, they should be able to sleep with 'em. And isn't that pandering a pimping procurement?


Isn't that the three Ps and that, so I I, I couldn't do that. I couldn't do it to her and, and I didn't want it to be done to him. I wanted a man, He probably wanted it though. But if you want it, you can't, you can't get it through my corporation because that makes me pimp. That's right. The legal. Now I believe in pimping, pimping, pimping. But I don't believe in breaking the law. Right. You get what You get what I'm saying Because we, we might bring the dancers back. We might audition a team of dancers and bring that show back. And that helped me double, quadruple my money when I added male exotic. And we call it sexual interpretive dance, you know? But I may bring that show back because I do believe that women should let off steam.


And I believe that men should be able to go and enjoy themselves. You don't want to be with this girl, you just smoking cigars, drinking liquor and she's naked. That's what it is. Right. I would want my man to go and have fun with his boys, even if that means they fishing or they gambling or if they go to the strip club. 'cause now what are you hot and ready for me? Come on home. Come on home and let me take that where she done. Got you ready. Do you ever sit back and, and wish as you've gone on this journey and you've been so successful, Cheryl, do you wish you had someone by your side to share it with? Absolutely. I wish my husband had lived.


I wish my husband had not taken his own life. But there's nothing I can do about that. I only can accept God's wealth. I had a whole plan for our lives, you know, and, and I've dated some really great, great men and I don't believe there's anything wrong with me. I believe that it might not have been the right time. But would I've wanted to have a husband that would've gone through all of this with me. Absolutely. So I can turn to him and go, baby, we did it. When your husband took his life, did you do any self-reflection? Did you like what was going on?


What side? What did I miss? Was it me? Was it something that I didn't know about he was dealing with? Did you ever ask yourself those questions? Absolutely. I mean, I got on my knees, I started to bargain with God and, and I, and I had, you know how you sleep but your eyes are open, a little cracked open and you could, I could hear the radio playing. I could hear and something said to me, he's gone. And, and then the phone rang and then I got a call and you know, I was in the military, you know, so I was in the reserve. I was a medic in the reserve and I know what that phone call is. They don't tell you what's happened 'cause they need you to get to the hospital. So they want me to get to the hospital. And as soon as they told me I fell out, you know, like they doing.


Oh lord. I fell out and everything. And but before that I knew he was gone because I believed that the Lord sent me the message, and I got on my knees and I started to ask God. I started to bargain with God. And then I caught myself, and I was ashamed that I did. You cannot bargain with God. His will be done. And that's, that's it. You always say, now our fathers pray, you said, let thou will be done, Thou will be done. I had to accept it. And, and then for me, I, I was asking myself what, maybe, but in getting therapy, and one of my good sorority sisters, Dr. Benny Reems, a mentor of mine, Zeta Phi Beta, she, I was going to therapist, but sometime you gotta find the right therapist to go to.


And she, she's a family therapist and she was helping me navigate this situation and let me know when a person is in a depressive state, and that's why mental health of, of men, especially black men, very important because they're taught to keep their feelings inside to present. Don't tell nobody. Right? That's right. And so he would either be here and then down here, he'd be up here, and then he'd go down into the valley of death. And there was nothing I could do about it. But I was young, young, married woman. I wanted to be married. I wanted to be in these clubs, making this money, working on my master's degree, being in the reserve, doing everything that we were building together.


And I love a wounded bird. I love a man who needs me and I need him. And we going to grow together. But I think as my daddy say, don't, why me, why not you? Well, So you, you believe heartache and tragedy not supposed to come to your doorbell. It comes to everybody else. Dope. You better learn, son, how to get yourself together. And it taught me, I don't have the power of life or death over anybody. Only God has that power. Right? But I did think about how can I be better? And in every relationship I've ever had, I look back at myself and go, how can you be better? So when he comes, when the groom that God is sending me comes, I will be ready. Wow.


Damn this deep as hell. Shit. Hey, you've been in LA all this time. You been to them Hollywood parties? I've been to a few parties. Well, first of all, I don't partake because sometimes I forget the lotion, my whole body. So you So you can't get bucket naked And, and be Yeah. No, they'll pass you by. They'll pass you by. But I, I've seen a few things. I've thrown a couple of parties myself, huh? Yes. How you have a party to invite me? I'm your 32 years.


What? Man, you no longer than me. You bring out that big ass and you bring that Louisville slug up in hill, you, you bring that Savannah saw bone up in hill. The party is over. You done bust out lights and shit. Soon as you pull that out, all the bitches get in the car. I'm not doing that. But I thrown a, a couple of consensual, I I don't go to the freaky, freaky stuff. It used to be a movie called Blue. It was a blue collar, a Jafe Coto, Richard Pryor and Harvey Tel. They were, I think they were car workers or something.


And they had a little freak party. Yeah. I, I was throwing something similar to that where everybody consented. Okay. But, but wasn't nobody being filmed and it wasn't coerced or anything like that. But I'm not the greatest. I I don't do things where people can see, you know, You private. You must do private for That. Absolutely. Absolutely. And I tell people what you see ain't what happened. Don't tell nobody or you not gonna to get invited to the next one. That's it. What, what are your thoughts on women using their body to ascend in the industry? I feel if that's what gets you there, okay. I mean, a little sexy pill, I understand that.


But if you are sleeping to get to the top, you must continue to sleep to get to the top. That means you have to leave the dude that got you there and go to the dude that's gonna take you even higher. And, and people say, well, Cheryl, have you ever been a proposition? Yeah. But it doesn't work out because I mean, I've been asked, if you do this, you can go on the road with me. If you do this, I'll give you this part in this movie. If you do this, it'll do that. And I've told men, okay, how about we renegotiate? Now that's where I'm up right there. Am I right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He already, he already told you what to do, what the deal was. Okay. I think I should give a counter proposal. Okay? If you, that's a, I'm a business person, okay? If you tell me I'm do this, first of all, if I'm sleeping with you to, to advance my career or go on the road, why am I, if I'm supposed to be your lady, I'm retired.


I am now your woman. I am now here to meet every need you need. Now get out there and make more money. And, and because I'm here when you get back. I got food, cook, I got clothes from the Dryline. I got everything you need if that's the offer. But that ain't really the true offer. You just wanna see if I'm down. Now, if you wanna holler at me, holler. Let me, now, I have told some men, really big time men, Hey, you wanna do this? Why don't you wait until we're equals? We could. And it's unequal. How about we wait until we're equals and make love as a team. Now what you want and most men back down.


'cause I ain't no Gump. I ain't, I ain't no Gump either. You want it forever or you don't want it at all. So you think you gonna get some of this, and I'm supposed to fall for the Okie-doke, but you gonna grow my career and I'm, I'm still doing taverns. What, how stupid do I look? That I done gave you some as for that. Mm. Because now you don't have nothing to bargain with, right? Am I right? Yeah. He done got it. Now. So what? That's right. So what, what does he need now? So that's why the answer is let's renegotiate Taraji and Monique. That's like, look, we're a eagle playing field. We don't get the compensation that the, the, the fair compensation that we deserve.


And we need the industry to take a, a reboot and look at this. Yes. What what are your thoughts on that, Cheryl? One, I'm proud that Tyler Perry and others, the Carl Webers, the, the Dave Talbert, the all, everybody that's out there producing, even the sisters, the Issa, Rae Rays, everybody that's out there making content, I'm gonna say it again. Regina King I think is a genius. It's the financing that you have to get. And because the system doesn't seem to be set up to appreciate our audience and what we do, it seems like that they think when it's about black people, it's only for us.


And white people are voyeuristic or other racist people are voyeuristic and looking at us from the outside in. If that's the case, then why is rap so powerful if it's just us? Right? I believe that we as talent should be paid equal to anybody. Right? Right. But I also understand that the system seems to want to low ball the situation. And unfortunately, our people think that when you're in the entertainment business, you are wealthy. Beyond measure. The job may be few and far between. I I am no longer on the talk, talk went off the air, middle of December, almost end of December, I am back on the road.


That's why we mixing and mingling in 2025, right? So I can pay, continue to pay my bills, even though I'm saving money for retirement. Here's the catch of this. I understand what Taraji's saying, what Monique is saying, and I even spoke to Monique about this. And people say, well, why you didn't support, why you didn't support. I, I don't believe if my voice cannot help the situation, I will not say something that would allow my voice to be used against the situation. You know what I'm saying? Right. But we all could be paid more money. But I understand who I am to the industry. You see what I'm saying?


And, and no, everything's not gonna be fair. But if we look at this as a commerce and numbers game, they cannot do anything without us. If we decide one day we're gonna sit down and you figure this out, if every football player sat down, basketball player sat down and maybe said, if the basketball player sat down and said, until you paid the W-N-B-A-A little bit more money or a lot more money, we're not gonna play. Right? You gotta have some leverage. Am I, am I correct? Correct. Absolutely, yes. Yes. In that discussion. Yes, yes. You gotta have bar you gotta have something to bargain if you wanna bargain. Abso absolutely. And I think when you're making content, we already know when they make content for themselves, a white man will probably always get paid more money because there are people that still believe, well, the white man is the head of the household and he's got to take care of the wife and the children.


Well, I'm the head of the household until I get married. And even if I do have a husband, I should be paid fairly. And that, I think that's all Monique. And, and, and Taraji was saying, I, I, I think, I don't, I could be wrong.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There Was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's Extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race. Is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course, Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season run.


What's up everybody? I'm na Kin today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deir, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're just still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk. We're into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's short of Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


How do you negotiating? When do you like, okay, the counter versus, okay, I pushed too much, I might lose this deal. How do you walk that fine line? My intuition is rarely off. I know, I know what my number is that I, I think I should get, but I also do a lot of research. I have inside people. I call around what is so-and-so getting. What is so-and-so getting, I remember Sherry Shepherd helping me when I got the job at the talk, but I also understand I'm not gonna overplay my hand. Right? I always tell my, my representative, my lawyer, do not negotiate this deal away.


Negotiate a win A-W-I-N-I-I want the job. I will take this amount of money so I can grow it. When I came to the talking season two, I asked the God, show me favor, Lord, let me stay here as long as I can so I can build. And I was there till the last episode, right? So sometimes like my daddy said, you got to live low to get high. Sometimes you take less money, but you get longevity, right? If you can stand it, if you can stand it, but sometimes you can't stand it or sometimes it's unfair, then you gotta have an ally. I I call it the fairy godmother or the fairy godfather. It's somebody that's gonna come in and go, no, no, no, no, we're not gonna pay that.


That's the what is that craft service money. What was that? We're not gonna do that. You gotta have somebody on your side that will go in and say, no, this is what we're going to do. Somebody put their thumb on the scale. You mentioned earlier that you lost over a hundred pounds. You took Wegovy. Is that Yeah. I'm on Wegovy right now. Started on Saxenda. Now I'm on Wegovy Weekly injection to help suppress appetite instead of getting gastric bypass surgery. What has that done for you Cheryl? I believe that the medication changes. Your impulses reward impulses also anxiety impulses. As you notice, I'm calmer than I've ever been. You are since we've known each other all these years.


Yes, because I can be a rasco. I can be rambunctious. Yeah. But I thank God for having a black doctor, Dr. So I'm not saying nothing against my white doctor. Dr. Cope is an amazing doctor over at Cedar Sinai. And, and he's, he's gotten me this far right. But I will tell you to be able to handle weight and stress and, and, and high blood pressure and pre-diabetes and, and things like that. Now I enjoy walking. I enjoy drinking water. I enjoy eating vegetables and everything. I enjoy it with everything else that I enjoy in life.


'cause I believe when the Bible say everything God made was good, I enjoy that. And you get to a certain age, and comedy on the road is a, is a rough life. It's a great life. But you're going to eat in fast food places and certain places you're gonna stay up late. You're gonna sleep in and things like that. I, I enjoy being able to exercise and do the things I wanna do. And I wanna do it as a lifestyle change. It is, the ejection got me to where I need to go and I'll probably stay on this for the rest of my life. The studies that I've read seem to suggest that you stay on it for the rest of your life. And I'd love to testify before Congress and be a representative of one of these companies so that we need to lower the price of these medications.


When you get 'em overseas, they're about two thirds cheaper than what they are here in the United States. The other thing is, if you get me healthier, I can pay you more insurance premium. Wouldn't you want that more than an amputation? Because maybe that's what the doctor think is the thing that he needs to do. A lot of doctors don't believe in in the medications. Right? Oh, you could just exercise. Well, some people need assistance. Right. And I wanna be the example of that to show this works. It just needs to be cheaper. If I wasn't living the life that I live in, I wouldn't be able to pay for it. And now that's why I gotta keep working so I can keep paying for it. But I love how I look.


I love how I feel and I want other people to be able to get these medications. You mentioned your show, the talk, I mean, you are on what, 15 seasons? 13. I I came season two. Season two. So I was about 14 season 14 seasons. And you see all these other, Jennifer Hudson has one. Ellen fantastic. Left hers Sherry Shepherd. Got Show. Did you ever, did you ever wanna be on a, a daytime talk show? You ever think it was possible? You Mean when I was getting a phone call? I mean, so before I got the Job? Yeah, before you got the job, did you think it was Possible? Well, really what happened? I was working a club in New York called Carolines. Okay. And Sherry Shepherd was on the View. So I came to see her do the View.


We've been friends for years and she, Reba McIntyre was the guest. And I love Reba mct. You know I'm country. I love country music. Yes. You know, go ahead Beyonce. You know. So Reba McIntyre was the guest. I'm screaming, you know. Ah, Reba, I got like, she was like, Ooh, bitch, don't touch me. No, I'm just, But see I love Reba McIntyre. Right. Love all her songs. So I hear Sherry leaning over. Sherry introduced me to the audience. Right. And everybody, the people that know me clap and Sherry leans over to Joy Behar and go, you know, you should get she Underwood to do your comedy Corner. And Whoopi co-signs it. And I go on the show and I do some political humor and just tear it apart.


And they invite me back and I do it again. I never thought someone like me could even do it. You know? Or be afforded to do it. And, and to watch Lonnie Love, you know, out there doing comedy is a great female. Comedy is a great sorority. I'm a Zeta in the black sorority, the NPAs right. The four sororities. AKA Delta semi gamma row and Zeta Phi Beta. But to be a female comic, it's a great thing. So when one of us succeeds, all of us succeeds. So for me to get that job, the pride in my colleagues face, male and female. Wow.


The hugging Mike Epps comes on the show. We hugging George Lopez. All of us are hugging Kevin Hart. We're all hugging each other. If I could have got more people on, I would have. Right. But, but to be able to do it, if God could put all of this together in six days and rest on the seventh, he can open doors for all of us. And, and I'm just proud to be there. And I'm probably the only person that's hosted the daytime Emmys five times. I love daytime tv. I'd love to have my own talk show. So the podcast would be like a talk show? Yeah. And I'd be able to talk in, relax language and interview everybody I want to.


Okay. Can we do it in Los Angeles? 'cause I don't, you know, I don't like to drive. I can't drive good. I can't drive. I drive. All right. I'm driving Miss Daisy. I can't. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I'm sure. Yeah, we do it. I'm sure that probably la would probably be, You heard 'em here, boys and girls. He said, wait a minute. I didn't, I didn't ask the most important question. How much do I get paid for this? Well, I mean, it probably be a partnership. So, you know, they ain't gonna be a whole lot. You don't wanna be a partnership and love how you gonna be a partnership in a podcast. This sound like some bush That this is CJ expertise. Oh. So we gonna make it, we gonna make a podcast? Yeah, No, we yeah, we gonna produce it and things like that. But Under yo. Yeah. How much is the percentage of the podcast? And how much is the partnership? How do, Well, I mean, it's gonna probably have to be, I mean we all gotta put something up.


So we do 50 50. That don't sound right. Huh? That don't sound right. I'm in charge of production. Yeah. I got eat. I mean, I gotta have producers. We gotta have graphics, we gotta have editors. Yeah. And you gonna get all of that back? Yes. I think your percentage should be lower. I think my percentage should be Higher because you, when we make money, Because I, because I put I'm, I'm, I'm funding the upfront cost. You assume the risk. Okay. So you, okay, this is how it sounds, boys and girls. So you gonna assume the risk, right? Yes. You gonna assume the risk. Yes. But you don't believe it's gonna work. Yes. I believe twice you get 60. 40. 60. Yeah. You must have me with some other 60. Funny. Are you, are you going out to get sponsors now?


That's like, that's like, now I'm about to say something really sexual that's like we, and you get me 40% of the, where do we do that? Well, lemme ask you a question. Are you going out to get advertising sponsors or is that gonna Be Yeah, I can sit with you. I can sit with you. Integration. Are we going to get integration? Yes. Hell yeah. I'm right, right by your side. Now what you Oh now 60, 40. No, no. I, I go maybe, I don't know, 52, 48 maybe. Cheryl. What I'm assuming the risk. I'm the one that's got the camera crew. I got, I got the people. That is why we are not together this day. You don't dunno how to take a good offer.


You ain't, you ain't shit is a basement doctor. You try, You try to swindle me. Who swindle. I'm trying to get the best deal possible for our future. Would you wanna have 48% of an empire with success? I like 52% Then is 60% of nothing. See that girl. But on the show, I mean obviously I think you had a very, very good relationship with Julie Chen. Sure did. And it was, it was very open. Yes. 'cause she revealed that she's had plastic surgery. She had had a, a cosmetic procedure Yes. To make her eyes look more American. Yes. And I mean obviously that was revealing. I'm sure her community weren't very happy about that. Right. Just like any community, when you have procedures done Yes.


That's not, that tries to remove you from said community. Right. People are not gonna be happy about that. So what, what, what brought about that? Why was that? Obviously that was something that you guys had talked about When I first got to the talk. Remember it's my first consistent TV show job. Correct. And it was daytime tv. Yes. Julie and I had a, a connection, a chemistry. She was the moderator and she would tee up the joke, you know, she would tee it up for me. Right. And I would either look at her like, I got it, I'm about to hit it out the park. Right. You know, or I don't, I don't think I got something bigger than what was, what was going to be said or what has already been said.


When Aisha Tyler came, 'cause by the time I was there, Aisha Tyler was auditioning. I knew Aisha Tyler, I, Aisha and I worked together at Montreal Comedy Fest. This girl's a genius. The great actor, great director, and a great comic. So I asked God, she was like, well put in a good word for me. I said, girl, I don't run nothing but my mouth in here. Yeah. And I touched her hand and I bowed my head and I started to pray and I asked God put us together so that the world can see two different types of female comedians, but two black funny women. And we were doing this, these jokes. This is how good of a moderator it really was. That she let us go back and forth with these jokes. And we were doing how, how who was poor than who, you know, how comedians like the battle Judge Jones and everything.


So Aisha said that she was so poor that they didn't have shoes for they feet. I said, bitch, we were so poor we didn't even have feet. We just walked on bloody thugs, bones and blood. Right. Just squirting out everywhere. So everybody was laughing so hard because they had never seen that kind of organic chemistry. And I will say this, sitting beside every woman and man that's been on that show taught me something to the good. I miss everybody. I love everybody. But the dream team, five Julie Chin, Moonves, Aisha Tyler, Sharon Osborne, and Sarah Gilbert. Sarah Gilbert who created the show. It was the greatest experience of my life working with a team of women who were at the top of their game.


And I loved Julie. Julie was teeing up jokes for me, but also we were teeing up great conversation. We were teeing up things in the news. Donald Sterling, remember the the coach? Yeah. Was it Sandusky? That was Penn State and all of that. So we were teeing up those types of things on a show that people were saying, we don't do politics. You don't have to do politics. People don't want you to argue politics. Right. But they do want to be enlightened, entertained, empowered, and laugh in the show. And that's what we did. And I think that's why we won Emmys. But you did have a public fallout. Yes. I have obviously had a public, very public fallout. Yeah. Buddy with my co-host in that moment.


Was it what she said? Or was it who said it? I I will say my start of it. I remember talking to Pierce Morgan and I remember talking to them and trying to get them to understand our, the community's feelings about Meghan Markle, her mother, Meghan Markle mother live in Windsor Hills. Now this, this may be a joke, but live in Windsor Hills and now she's in Windsor Palace. Right. With Harry. They obviously love each other. They done had a black wedding pastor, a black pastor, a black choir. You know, Charles over there looking, you know, Camilla need to get her face together 'cause they in love with each other.


Right. If the queen like it, then everybody love it. Right. But you can't speak against Megan and disregard what she's feeling as a black woman, isolated stress, pregnant, having a baby or whatever. We were not gonna take that lightly. So you might wanna back off of this. And I think that's where it stemmed from. And I tried to say it off the air and I said it a couple of times to Pierce on the air, you know, to get off of her. Right. You know what I'm saying? So we, we love her, you know, and she's got her happily ever after she's married to Prince Harry. Right. Look, get off of her. And I think there was a, I don't know, what would you say it was?


What, what would you say for what you saw? I think the thing is, is that when you mention, when you, like, if I tell you something off air, don't try to, don't try to bring it back. Because I think in a situation like this, she thought you were gonna take a different approach publicly as opposed you took privately. Well, here's the thing. I I will say this in, in production. Yes. Just like you have your questions on your card. Yes. Right. If you are producing a show, everybody's talking about what's gonna be said and what the response will be. Correct. Right. So if you're talking about what's gonna be said and what the response will be, the, and then if it does turn into a a, a, if it takes a off ramp, I call it a off ramp.


So you could be talking about something that you already talked about, but then it takes a off ramp. It's not like you didn't know what was Going to be say, potentially happen. Yeah. Right. Or you didn't know it was gonna be safe. Right. I think and and for people to say, do you, do you talk to Sharon? Do you still care about you don't sit next to somebody for 10 years and don't have a feeling for her and her family, you know? But I, I will tell you from what some people saw, it's, it's, it's, I I equate this to OJ Simpson. Two different communities see two different things, things. Right. Two different communities see two different things. I still get trolled to this day in that situation. But I believe that when I stepped in it earlier, I believe that God said, servant, something bigger is coming and it's going to happen.


I need you to be prepared for what's coming. You know me, Shannon. You know, if somebody's yelling at me, you know I'm not crying because you hurt me. I'm crying because I can't say what I wanna wanna say. Just like when somebody told you, Put my glasses back. There you go. What would you have wanted to do? Old Sha I wouldn't, I wouldn't have had to show, I wouldn't be on ESPN. I wouldn't have anything. Because God was preparing you. Yes. You will face this obstacle somewhere else. And that's why you see me sit there and when I hear my, when she's yelling, what are you gonna do? What you gonna do? And I turn to the camera and go, we're gonna go to break. We'll be right back. That let the world know she's ready to be here.


But also I represent every black woman. Correct. In the world. We cannot be seen as the angry black woman. Right. Because now you messing up somebody else's job opportunity somewhere else. Yeah. Right. But I was prepared for that. I didn't do anything wrong. Matter of fact, I'm trying to articulate this in a, in a different way. Would You say in a way that you would understand, What would you say? Right. What would you say to people who think that, but if an explosion occurs Right, what would've been the best thing to do? Come back and hug it out after commercial. Am I right? Yes. That would've been daytime gold, wouldn't It? Right. Okay. See that takes two to have an altercation.


Right, Right. It also takes two to reconcile too. Absolutely. Absolutely. And if you reconcile on air, everybody kumbaya moment. Right. But if you double down on it, and if you type in right now, there are things being said that I will not answer. Why? One, I'm not gonna go tit for tat and keep something going, going. I'm gonna go on to the greatness that God is opening doors for all of us. Right. If you don't look inside yourself and get better. Right. But me sitting up there arguing with my colleague who I care for, and then after that she makes a special.


And after that she continues to say things. We recently say things Come on Cheryl. Yeah. What you going keep doing? Because it's like a man. Do you, I mean, look, my grandma used to say, boy, stirring up old poop. It still stink. That's, it's so that's that. That was my thing. It wasn't, it wasn't what he said. Yes it was who said it? That's right. I've been sitting across from this man for six years there. I thought, look, are we best friends? No. Yeah. But I thought we had the type of relationship that were respectful. There you Go. And you would give me a certain level of respect as I've always given you. That's right. That's all I ask. I don't ask anything more. I'm not saying you have to be my best friend. That's right. We don't have to hang out. We ain't gotta go to dinner. You ain't coming to my house. I'm not to yours.


That's right. But at least we can be cordial. We can be respectful of one another. Sometimes you find out who you thought was your friend is really your coworker. Yes. Am I right? You're absolutely right. And then you find out. 'cause we all gonna step in it again. Yeah. This is where talk show is. Yeah. You probably said stuff, I say stuff Yes. That the community is mad about. Right. But on those days where the community we rode hard for you. Yes. We was on I wish a Would. Right. Yes. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. And and you held it together. And so did I. A type of they was on it. I nothing. But I would afford somebody grace and forgiveness. Just like I would want grace and forgiveness to be afforded to me.


Right. And I, I feel like the only thing is the trolling. The people who, you know, these thumb thugs, these people on the internet. Yeah. Anonymous saying you this, you that. I, I done been all kind of, I done been, I kind of you this, you that. You don't even know me. You, you don't know nothing about me. But if that's what you wanna do, you wanna do. But I'm not giving you none. I'm not You want want me to give you some, cut me a check. I'll sit right across from it and I'll give you what you want. This'll be Morton Downey Jr. Meets Jerry Springer. We going yell and act crazy and then you and old boy gonna come on and y'all gonna do the next half hour and we gonna make a fortune. That's a partnership right there.


Exactly. That's it. Lemme ask you this. We gonna to get out here on this because I wanted, I wanted to get to your upbringing. You had a very rough upbringing. How did that upbringing shape the Cheryl that's sitting across from me right now? Survival. Survival. You know, when, when you know sexual molestation, sexual violence at a young age, Was it a a family friend? Was it a family member? Was it someone that you was close? You know, there's always people going in and through neighborhoods. Yeah. In and through households and everything. It it does sexualize you.


And I wish people would understand that males and females, it sexualized you. If you read the Bible, you know, read Song of Solomon, the body was made for procreation. And that goodness of that, the body understands that. But if you are not old enough and mature enough to handle it, it changes you. Well, first thing I thought being molested, you know, the first thing I thought was I'm going to protect my sister. So it was no longer about me, it was about my sister. So I became violent. You wanna bring some, you gonna get some, you know. So I became a violent person, but I never mechanized that.


But I was always on protection mode. You know, when I was raped, the first thing I thought was, you need to survive this. You need to survive. I was on my way to reserve duty. I was out, stationed out at O'Hare Field early in the morning. And I thought to myself, you need to survive. So much so that I was telling my rapist, don't take my id. That is a government id. Do you want some fed charges? Right? Yeah. So I'm thinking, survive. So he doesn't kill you. Right. And I rarely talk about this, but my whole life is about survival. That's, I will survive. You know, what's that song? Oh no, not I, I will survive Glory game.


I'm going to survive. That's right. I'm going to survive this. And every other obstacle put in my path. I'm going to survive. There is something God needs me to do here and I'm going to stay here to do it and be open to his will even if I don't understand it. Whoa. So that's, that's my whole life. And I wanted to, people say, well, why is your act so sexual? Because I wanted my sexuality back from those who took it. Took it. I'm going to be what I feel I can be. I'm a hell of a kisser, hell of a kisser, hell of a listen to me. But if I had let this overtake me and I collapsed, I would never be able to express attraction for a man that I love.


Lemme ask you this. You had a twin, I don't know if people know this. You had a twin sister. She didn't make it. You kept her birth certificate. I don't know if you still have it. The Little feet. The Little feet under. Yeah. You kept that. And I read that your mom lied to you about what really happened to your sister. Absolutely. Who you been talking to In my family. I know I need talk to these motherfuckers in my family. Because When you obviously when you found out that what was being said to you wasn't true, how did that make you feel about your mom? I wanted my mother's love more than anything. And that's probably why I'm so attracted to wounded Birds or something like that.


'cause I wanted my mother's love. But it was the pain of my father telling me I didn't do that. Telling me the truth is what made me closer to my father because I was determined to go and find out his side. You know, my birth mother stabbed my father and I witnessed it. I wanted to find out what is it, what is it? They were young, you know, I love my mother. I, but God sent me another mother, my mama. That's how much the Lord loved me to send me motherly love. Right.


But it was my father that was going through pain as a young man that nobody understood what he was doing until he died. I really didn't know how old my father was because at that time period, you know, black men carried himself much, much older. Right. Right. And when I saw the tombstone, I said, your dates are wrong. They said, no, your father's this age. And then I put the numbers together. My father was a young man. A young man. So to be able to talk to my father and go tell me the truth, what happened? And he tell me the truth and we hugged and we got to know each other. And we were strong together. If you can fix it while they alive, fix it, fix it, give grace and forgiveness.


And that's what he gave to me. Do a part of you feel that your parents didn't protect you from this abuse? I think that my father thought that a little girl should be living with her mother until he was hearing continuously what was going on with me. And he asked me to forgive him. And I looked at life and I was like, I understood why you couldn't take me. You know what I mean? No matter how bad I wanted you to take me. But I would say, well, I, I would tell you a couple times my brothers whooped that ass. My older brothers, listen. My brothers wasn't no punk.


You know, listen, I I love my family members 'cause they, they protected me as much as they could. You know? And some people they call you fast or you know, something like that. But I will, I will tell you this, I love my family. You know, they didn't do everything right and neither did I, you know, that's The only one you got. That's Right. I got great family. I got great memories. And if my mother was alive to see how much of her is within me, I would've wanted her to, I can hear her, you know, I can see her. I'm looking at pictures. This is my mother's face too. Your mama, your mother never got a chance to see this, Cheryl.


No, no, no. She died before it could happen. She saw the work up to it. But to having a strange relationship with your mother, that's your origin. So you're searching for that love. So any man getting with me understands what I'm searching for. You know. But my father, my father always had my back. Right? Always. And would tell me, you can do it. Your brain daddy, girl was That's right. Made by the same brain that made Bill Gates or all these other famous billionaires. God made your brain and they brain. So I I, I have a great life. I don't want nobody to feel pity or sadness for me, but I do want them to understand who I am and why I am the way I am.


Shell, I'm gonna get you outta here on this. As a person that's dealt with childhood trauma, what would you tell someone that's going through something similar? And what would a you tell yourself having overcome that? One? Put the butcher knife down. Once you kill. Once you kill, listen to me. Listen to me. And and I'll tell you this, I live a, I live a great life and educate as a educated woman, but I'm still closer to the streets because when I was raped, street dudes said, if I find him, I'm gonna kill him. I said, do not kill on my behalf.


I appreciate that. Why you didn't want that on, why do you didn't want that on your conscience? I didn't want that blood on my hands. But I knew if they found him, they was gonna kill him. And that's what he said to me. If I find him, I'm gonna kill him. Right. But that you want that, that's dashing in our community. You want a group of black men to go search. Yeah. You want retribution, you want Yeah. Yeah. But vengeance is mine, said the Lord. Yeah, but I'm not the Lord. And I sometimes I got that taste in my mouth for vengeance, but you gotta control that. Mm. But I thank street dudes for always coming to my rescue, always having my back. You know, so to me, I, I've lived a great life. I I've had angels around me that I didn't even know.


So what would I tell myself? Put the butcher knife down So you can survive. You're not gonna survive in jail if you do it. Where will your sister go? Where will your family think? Don't disrespect the Underwood name. Wow. What's next for She Underwood? Sky's the limit. Podcast. 75. 25 25. Anything you wanna promote The Mix and Mingle Tour? Tell me about it. That's your camera. I'm on, I'm on Instagram. What is it? Instagram. Facebook. I just got on TikTok.


What? Twitter. What's the other little Snapchat? Twitter. Twitter. I'm on X I'm on X by way of Twitter. I think I got more followers over there, but I'm, I'm learning it all. So follow me. It's S-H-E-R-Y-L and the last name is Underwood. Follow me on all of 'em. I got a great tour. It's the Mix and Mingle tour. Please come to see us buy these tickets because this is how I finance everything. Kyle Iby, Mike Washington, and then something at the end for the fellas. And I got a sports initiative that I'm definitely gonna need your help on. Young boys as young as three years old, as old as 18 will study lacrosse, baseball, tennis, golf and soccer and other sports. So if they listen, Jim Brown was the greatest.


Lacrosse. Lacrosse player. Lacrosse. Yep. He told me this on a plane ride. He was the greatest lacrosse player who couldn't make money in lacrosse. What if we get our kids into lacrosse and then they can go into other sports? Well, I want to finance that more to come. Cheryl Underwood, ladies and gentlemen, thank you. Eight Lounge at Resorts World. Las Vegas for a Lion Club. Shesha to film my episode here today. Keep up with eight lounge on social media at eight Lounge LV at Resorts World LV All my life. Grinding all my life, sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price on the slice. Got the roll of D, the why all my life I be grinding all my life, all my life.


Grinding all my hustle.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears On the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is the second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Id Nan Burkin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason de me here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let Tabla listen To N Hhl, unscripted with V and Demurs, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skidder and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.