
This is an iHeart podcast.


Summer in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is now streaming on Paramount Plus. This season, the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy winner, Lena, wait. They've been loyal, they've been patient, and now it's payback time. But the men of the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season now. Streaming only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan,


The NBA 82 game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments and jaw dropping plays. Make it a playoff run. To Remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get $200 instantly in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and resort in Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, cdk eng.co/audio.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liqueur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Is it true? Kat gave you money. Cat did something for my brother, dad, where I will always hold the highest respect for him. There's nothing you could ever tell me wrong about this man. All my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Played the price, won a slice. Got the brother dice the swat. All my life I be grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, pay the price. Want, slice. Got to roll, dice. All my life I've been grinding All. Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shehe.


I am your host Shannon Sharpe. I'm also the proprie of Club Sheha. Stopping by for conversation on the drink today is a band favorite, a familiar face on the comedy circuit. Red me. He gonna stand up comedian. For almost 35 years, he was host a BET comic view for two seasons. Death, comedy Jam alum, one of the most physical and fearless comedians ever. One of the day's. Best working artist, a dynamic actor and a writer. He has an infectious energy in a gift for storytelling. He leaves a crowd in tears. Laughter. He performs the sold I showed across the country. He calls himself one of the great fishermen. Let him tell it. He was also a great athlete when he was younger. Here he is the homie.


I had seen this man in a long time, but we Hey, we about to catch up. Mr. RNAs. J Come on now. See? There you go. Come on now. I that, that, that was pretty good. One of 'em things you read, I went, huh. No, but I that was pretty Good. Is is all this you, That's all that's me. All this, all this. You 35 in the game. I would not say that I'm a writer. You're not a writer. Nah, I'm not a writer. I'm a I'm a visionary. I visualize and I see things in my head and I guess it jots itself down. Right. But you don't write, you don't write down anything on. No, no. 'cause I would get an F Trust me, I I You Weren't good in school. I have good penmanship. Yeah, no.


You know, I, I was good in school as far as learning. Right. But the reason I said I wasn't good in school. 'cause you and I haven't known each other for a long time. Yes. When I saw how brainy you were, I, I, I basically shut the hell up. 'cause I was like, it don't make no sense. A black man talk, talk this much, art, this much articulate elation in his brain. But he's straight country. I don't get it. I I don't get that. He go catfishing. But he can, he can, he can, he can hang out with the rest of the crew. I mean, I don't, I don't get it. I Don't, yeah, I'm, I'm pretty good. You are, you're intelligent. Very intelligent. I appreciate that. You really are.


You know what, let's start off with this. You've been in the game 35 years and a lot of, I mean, you always, normally, not always, you tell a story. One of your favorite storylines is you talk about your brother Rodney. Everybody wants to know, how is Rodney doing? Rodney, I will never, ever be able to let go out of my comedy because my fans won't allow it. Right. And I'm not one of these, I'm not one of these comedians when somebody says do this, you, you despite them and say, no, I'm not gonna do it because you don't feel like doing it. Right. You better feel like remembering who paid you get gotten you where you're at besides God.


Right. So, I'm very humble when my fans, they will not let Rodney ever go because there's always, there's always a new story about Rodney. Right. But they, they won't let him go. So I I, I can't let him go. But before we get into all that, 'cause I know this your show and everything. Yeah. I got something to ask you, which you want real talk. Yeah. You and I have known each other for a long time. I'm gonna say 2020. I wanna know what happened to us. The reason I'm asking you that is because You know What happened. No, Why don't why you interrupted because you my bad. See, that's how, that's how, that's when people lie. That's how they do it. They jump in. Okay. Bye. Bad. Okay. The last time we connected Yeah.


We were on the plane. Yeah. You sent me an invitation to, to you being inducted to the Hall of Fame. Yeah, I did. I Could not make it. And when I could not make it, I cut you off. You cut me off. Thank you for being honest about it. Thank you for being honest about it. Thank you Jesus, for sticking your thumb in his eye. Why would you Cut a friend off? And now especially you really Need me. I I need you to die. I know, But now I don't know if I wanna be I don't know him. No. What happened? No. No. What we Please tell the truth. Actually, actually, we had a fisher trip planned before the before, before the Hall of Fame.


Oh yeah. And then, You know, I Think you got scared because I, You know, you didn't want, you didn't want because you brought up the fishing. I didn't bring up the fishing. You brought that up. You are good at deflecting. I know that. I, yeah. But I, I'm just telling, I gotta tell the whole story. I gotta add context. Okay. Because you Just want to get right to the, but no, no, there's something that led up. There's a series of events. Okay. It's kinda like the lemon Snickers. There was a series of events Okay. That led To this. Okay. And the series of events. You and I having a conversation. Hey. Yeah. How you doing man? Man, love your father, your career, man. You was a hell of a player. Congratulations on everything. The Super Bowl, man. How was it? You know, we having a great conversation. Got it. Hey, You was courteous. I was receptive to courtesy. I thought we good, good.


We were good. Call come to tell. Hey James. Hey, sharp man. How you doing man? I'm good, man. Glad you called. What's going on? Blah, blah, blah. Then had this fishing trip scheduled. Okay. I was like, okay, man. Said he, he, Where's the camera? I can look in real quick. This one right here. That's you. Okay. Continue. Okay. So what, You know, deep south say, Hey, how you wanna do it? You want a line, you want short fish, you wanna go in the boat, blah, blah, blah. Hey man, I, I'm deep sea fishing. You know, group black grouper, that's your thing. It is. You See what I'm Saying? It is black group. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Man. You know, black group where I catch drum sheath head, You know, blah, blah, blah.


I said, okay, bro, what all the fancy name? I get all that. I got it. Okay. And then I was like, You know what, I'm have a, You know, I'm, have a look. You know, because that, it wasn't no celebs in my, in my little station. I ain't have no celebs. I don't really know nobody. I said, You know what, it'd be real nice when they playing the audience. They like, man, man, sharp. No on. Yeah. But I don't even hang out with celebrities like that. I know. I I never have. I'm a loner. I mean, I, I, because I, I I, me personally not to say anything, but sometimes, You know, there's a difference when you hang out with regular folks. Yeah. And then hang out with people who wanna get to a place or, or at that place.


Right. And I ain't fronting for nobody. Yeah. Plain and simple. So, You know, either you like me or you don't. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't got time. And Then you change the number. Ooh Lord. Mm Mm Okay. That's the story. You gonna roll. God, you changed the number. I tried to reach out to you. I DMed you several times. Fell on deaf ears. Yep. Ooh, shit. But, But, You know. Okay. I just wanted to know what happened. And I, to, To the best of your recollection. What best of my recollection is I get a invite. Yeah, yeah.


To your inauguration Hall of Fame induction. Yes. Yep. You were going in. Yes. And, and I was so overjoyed and happy for you. I wanted to go. I could not go because I could not get outta my contract. I had a contract. They wasn't trying to hear, they wasn't trying to let me out of a contract at that time to go. Okay. I could have just said, no, I'm not going to. But other than just you, I also have to think about my fans that paid their money. Yeah. I get That. So I have to go both ways. I tried to get ahold of you. There was no number to get ahold of you. There was blank. It was, You know, that one famous sound Boo was one of them. One of them things. The number you've called is Long, sir.


Yeah. You feel you reached this number. You ain't even Gotta do all of that. As soon as you hear Boo you already know. Yeah. Just hang up. You know, man. So at that is always kind of, I Started saying them folk look for you. What folk? The folk to look for you. I, I'm just saying, bro, I, I was just wondering what happened. That, and this is what I feel what True Friends do. Yeah. They can talk. Yes. And they can, it sometimes people can't deal with the, the Truth. Absolutely. So that's why, You know, I asked because I even told my road manager Roderick. I said, look, this is one of the first things I need to ask him because it has bothered me for so long.


It bothered me. Then people ask me like, man. 'cause a lot of times, obviously, You know, club Shaha, I've had a lot of comedians though. A lot of comedians. They like, man, when you gonna have Barnell JI said, that's a good question. I said, when y'all see him asking him, I've been seen. I ain't saying about all of 'em, but I've been seen. Yeah. Yeah. Because that's what everybody like, man, you had, man you this one and that one man, you had all the OGs from Comic View and Def Comedy. I said, yeah, I know. I said, man, what about our, They call me Triple OG Now Triple what Y'all know about that you ain't got triple on. You Triple.


You got all these young Youngs in here working for you. Yeah. Yeah. Lemme ask you this about Rodney, when did you realize that you were, he was gonna be a part of your show? Because you mentioned the term, you say Rodney is not handicapped. He has a condition. And sometimes, You know, we, like, we we've done away with the word handicap and we say, okay, he's, he's challenged or now, Because the word used to be they slow slow, they slow, You know, fuss or Use the R or they use the R word. Yeah. Yeah. That we, we don't Yeah, I know, but I said it. Yeah. I mean, See, this is what I mean. Okay. Because you changed a word, don't mean it's different.


You, you get enough pressure put on you, You know, things change, You know. But I figured, I feel this is one of the most inconsistent countries in the world. United States is inconsistent. Right. We'll go just, You know, and I'm not trying to jump on, You know, all this, but Wise is a, a young black guy that may commit a, a crime at 17 is called a man. But a young white guy at 18 is still called a teenager. Right. I don't get that. I I don't get that. And I will never get it and I won't be quiet about it. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Now, Rodney, at what point in time, early in your career Did you, you say, Did, you said, You know what I'm gonna add him to, I'm gonna add him to the show.


Rodney has always been a part of the, of the show from day one. Right. Because I've been, I've been a big kid from day one. I, my eyesight and my visualization of what I've seen in life has always been about expression. Okay. You have to realize when you are a person that is a loner, what do you have to do? You have to entertain yourself self. When you entertain yourself, you see things that other people don't see. Correct. You mimic things that other people just don't think about. Mimicking. When I got my first hot wheel track, we used to get to up with a hot wheel track.


Correct. That was an orange extension cord. You Understand what I'm saying? Cars would go Around the track and the track would go in Your work. Yep. And then you say that to somebody now, a hot wheel track. A hot wheel, right? Yeah. Well, look, look it up. Right. You can research. Right. You know, and the world revolves so much and there's so much information for us to gather. Right. So when I added Rodney into the show, Rodney helped me. I didn't help him. Okay. But what I did do is I emboldened Rodney, I never, if you ever look at my comedy, I never target anyone in my comedy. Correct. I don't target people because to me, that's not comedy.


Right. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. That's not comedy. Even within the chapters of other comedians, people used to say, oh, all he does is do flips and jump around. That's my style of comedy. Right. You sit down on microphone, you just talk. Right. You giving your information. I'm giving my information. And if they're laughing with my information, information, where is the problem? Why are you losing sleep over what I do? That belongs to me. Right. My fans are in my life for a reason. I'm very overprotective of my fans. So when I do Rodney, I'm not the one that like wanna bring a rod.


My fans want me to do him. Right. So when he's done, because there's so much with him, I make Rodney strong. Yeah. People may say he's handicapped or challenged, but I make him strong. Right. People, You know how many women, You know how many women. I tell me where your brother at. Can I talk about that th thing on it? Right. But I don't care because he may be slow or whatever you wanna say. Right. They wanna see that th thing. Does Rodney know you doing him in your comedy? Yes he did. Yes he did. Rodney hit me upside the head one time with a Superman lunch bell. You know those, they used to make the characters Yes. Absolutely.


In the garage. So that thing reverbed. Yeah. He hit me. So people don't understand you. You mess with people. Challenge. They got strength. They real strong. Yeah. Real strong. Yeah. I mean real strong. Yeah. He hit me with that thing and, but they don't, my brother, they didn't see me making fun of them. Okay. They see their brother who loves them talking about them and include me in it. Right. I, I made them, I strengthened who he was. Right. Not less. Like there was, we did a show, what, two, two weeks ago, rod? We were some, oh no. It was Buffalo. Buffalo New York guy came into the show, sat right up front.


He had a drifting eyeball. Oh Lord. One went that way and the other one scanned the room. Instead of running away from him. I walked up to him while he was, and this girl, I said, yo man, I'm just gonna say this. And this is exactly how I said I man, I'm gonna say this nigga, you got me up right now. 'cause I can't see where I'm going. I'm thinking I'm talking to you when you really over here. So, so he had an added scan, but Yes, but he laughed right at himself because I did not diminish him. Right. And I had other people, I said, you and you right across from me. Are you, are you okay? I added him in to the show to me.


Not to make fun of him, but to say, okay, you got a straight eye and one that's scanning. It's okay. Right. But I'm gonna talk about it. Right. But that's yours. You own it. 'cause if you didn't own it, you'd had on some shades I wouldn't have seen it. Right. But I seen that eye and I, and I, and I told, and I said, and I Think you did it on purpose. 'cause there's some fine women here. And I Think you slick looking straight ahead so your girl don't know that you ain't doing it. But that other eye catch you Think you slick, but I got you. Do you think, well, like you mentioned like okay, the, the gentleman that, that, that had the eye issue, do you think, because obviously he knows it, this is not he, that was not the first time he had heard it.


But do you, But he heard it in a different manner probably. Right. But Do you think because he owned his frailty, that therefore someone couldn't make him feel insecure about it? Is that, is that how You say that one more time? I Say, do you think because he had heard that before for such a long time that he owned it, that therefore you couldn't make him feel insecure about that? No, I don't think that, I do think he owned it. Right. But I don't think that, he didn't think that I couldn't make him feel insecure. Right. I'm dangerous. I can make you feel insecure. Right. But that's not choose, That wasn't the purpose of that. That It is never the purpose of that. I don't choose to do that. Right. I'm not those one of those ones you wanna get in the dozens with. Right. I bring up your mama. I don't, I bring people outta the grave.


I don't care. Don't play that. Won't get that. I thought you said you didn't do mamas. I said I, what did I just say? Did you listen? No. Yes. We were talking about it earlier. You say you do dad, but you don't do mama. What? I said I could bring up the mama or people from the grave. Right. But I choose not to even want Do I? Don't, I choose not to do that. And then the mamas, I'm not into talking about people's mamas. That's your birthplace. Right. That's where you came out of. Right. I, that's, that's the woman that, that looked at you and said, I'm I'm you, you my, my child. Right. Dad, dad will cross the way somewhere. Even a McDonald burger or something. I don't know. But man, please. I, Okay. You mentioned, okay, you got a brother that's Challenged.


I do. Do other people that come to maybe come to your show that might be challenged, have they ever said Ane never. Wow. Five or six times if not more. I've had a group of challenged people that were brought in to come and see my Show. Wow. I had a lady out there doing sign language at my show. Wow. Yeah. Sign language. What If she wasn't saying what you was saying though? I, well, this is how I tested it. I'm glad you said it. That's my proof right there. I said, you be, say what I say and you better be doing it.


Right. So I'm going, yeah, baby put it in. She was like, I said, no, put it in baby. Stick it in there. She started going like that. I said, yeah, you doing it right. You doing it right. You doing it right. Yeah. So I, I just, because there are some that don't like that one. That was the Africa give a sign er. Yeah. A lot of 'em be doing today. To me. They just be up there, don't be doing nothing. What they like their manager talking about steal steel sector. He Left the car in the parking lot. What? Talking about nuclear bomb. Yeah. So, yeah. So I, I never, I never that I know of received any bad audience from anybody that's challenged because I don't, I embrace them.


Right. I don't mock them. I don't try to hurt anybody that I don't, I don't believe in that because, You know, like I said, I, my, my family is very dysfunctional. Right. Very. I don't even look like anybody in my family. I still today. Still today. And I, and I, You know, it gets to me. Right. He told me don't cry 'cause I get my feelings. But I, I remember when my, when my grandmother passed, I was a flight attendant and I was in my flight attendant uniform. Uniform. And I had to go. Who In the hell you worked for? Who let you be a flight attendant? I flew for, for Continental Airlines for seven years, bro. Mm.


Might explain why. Mm. I handle my business. I handle my business. 'cause Plane go down. You the first one off. You supposed to be last One. I ain't gonna be the last one Day. You a fight attendant. Show me in the rule book where it says RNAs J is supposed to be the last one off the plane because we had a bomb threat one time. We did, we had a bomb threat. We we go get Yeah, we can get, we can get But what was I talking about? Because you, you groom my train of thought. No, you say you don't look like anybody. Your Yeah. I don't like, 'cause I, I, at my grandmother's funeral, I, I told my aunt before I left 'cause I had to go catch a fly. I said, I said, auntie tell, I'm getting ready to go talk to dad before I leave outta here and stuff. Were you Dressed in your flight attendant?


I was. I was. Because I had to go straight through the airport. You didn't want to Okay, go ahead. I Had to go straight to the airport. Okay. Straight. And my aunt said, oh, you mean a man that raised you? What, what can you imagine? It was a grown, you hearing that? Yeah. For the first time. I'm like, what? That wasn't your, she go, oh, oh, to talk to your mama. My world is now you don't got my my, my world just got blew up. I already don't look like nobody in the family. Mm. Then you tell me the man that raised me. I go to my mama and I said, mama, I need to ask you a question before I leave. Please be honest with me. I said, mama is, is, is daddy my real daddy?


Tell you what she did, boy. And walked off. That's not an answer. It wasn't answer you wanted to hear, but you got the answer that, I mean, like, boy gone with that. I mean, that's not an answer. Yay or Nate, yes or no is the answer. Did you ask her again? Did you ever ask her again? That was it. No, Because I knew she wasn't gonna answer it. But did You know deep down, did You know? No, I didn't. That's the problem. You have to realize, even as adults, a lot of times we don't get closure on things that mess with us when we were a child or that had been through our life.


Right. And me being a loner like I was and like I still am and somewhat, but I have a great family. So I'm not a loner. I have a great partner, man. My, my my my wife. Mm. Do You, do you have siblings? Do you have brothers and sisters? I do. It's A yes or No. No. Listen to what I'm getting ready to say. Okay. I'm, I'm listening. I do. Okay. I have two sisters that are left and we don't speak.


Why life too short? Aren't there? Do you wanna know the story or you just No, seriously. I wanna know the story. I think, I think the audience won't willing to know the Story. Okay. And people get shocked because there's a lot more people like me. Before you go, how long, when was the last time you spoke to Them? Almost four years ago. Three to four years. Oh, one. It's been about eight years. Three, One. It's been about four years. It's four years now. Okay. Maybe even five. Okay. You wanna discuss what caused this falling out? One of my sisters is, is kind of always been that way.


She had maybe some little mental issues going on and we just weren't close. You weren't close Even as growing up As Yeah, we just weren't, we weren't close. Okay. And the one time that she called me one day cut out the blue stating that she was getting ready to get, You know, put out out and I'm her brother I you calling me. So I fly all the way to Kansas City, Missouri to help her. I get there, I call her no answer. Texting her, no reply. Lemme get it straight. I said, your sister call you.


She's about to get evicted, put out whatever the case may be from her home Because of supposedly why they was doing it was the wrong reason. So I want to talk to, I had my team 'cause we were gonna talk for the, You know, landlord of the member. Yeah. Yeah. And I kept texting her. I done flew from Atlanta to go Kansas City. You ain't answering the phone.


Here's why April chose to vaccinate her child. I think actually meeting someone who was not vaccinated and now has a lifelong struggle with a childhood disease really cemented for me that it's super important that we as parents continue to vaccinate our children. Talk to your pediatrician or visit y vaccines.com. Brought to you by Merck.


The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting. DraftKings Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they chase glory. All season long DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40 or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app now lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers, new Draftking customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get $200 instantly in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and resort in Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. C dk ng.co/audio.


So we all made mistakes, right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen. They admitted they effed up and are bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one mess anti person sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and tried an OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Did you tell her you were coming? Yes. Okay. She'll know. She knows you're coming. Text her. Where are you at? I'm here. No answer. I stayed through the whole weekend. Monday morning. I get home Monday afternoon. I get a text still today. I saw her name and that she had text me and I then I saw, this is all I saw. I didn't, when I said I didn't know as far as I read. So to this day you still haven't read the the re of the text.


You wanna know the truth? Yeah. And please my audience forgive me. I don't give a fuck because you took my heart and you stomped on it. How many times you gonna stomp on my heart? I'm there to help you. You had me fly there and, and and and and please forgive me. Even, even, even even Rod tells me, man, don't you think? Well, You know, maybe you should just try to talk. Why? Why would I try to talk?


And you haven't reached out. You haven't reached out. But that one text when I got back and you have not reached out to me. Do you think she was embarrassed because she's having to call her brother and ask for assistance. Do you think there was a level of embarrassment? Do you Think you Wasn't, that you wasn't that embarrassed when you asked me to help you? You wasn't that embarrassed when I told you I'm getting on a plane. You wasn't that embarrassed and said, okay I I'll be here. Just call me when you get in. You wasn't embarrassed then We're we're blood lined. Yeah. You can't be embarrassed. Not when you ask, when you are asking a person for help, that person has reciprocated to say, I'm going to help you but you're nowhere to be found.


Where's the embarrassment? Wow. And I don't even know why she didn't. And like I stated, she may have had some mental issues going on. She's always been that way. But you took me away from my family to come and help you. And you didn't reciprocate to me when I got there. You let, you let me stand out there when my ass opened out there by myself looking for you. Do you think that, did it ever occur to you she might have had an episode? No. Because That's not how it started. That's not how that text even started.


I didn't know meaning I didn't know you were coming when actuality we had talked and I told you I'm getting on a plane. I told you I'm coming to help. Not only did talk, we talked for three days before I came out there. And that's not even the worst. The worst is the sister. Now the youngest. Are you the oldest? I'm the oldest. Okay. My sister is the youngest now my brother died. Okay. With Rodney? No, that was Emanuel. Emanuel. He Are you the oldest in the family? Yes. Okay. You're the oldest. Okay. He died by himself.


Meaning he died alone. Alone. Mm. My other brother before him died Alone By himself in a hotel room. He was eating Burger King four times a day. They said his arteries were so C clogged. Could barely see the vein lines. Mm. That's all. Only eight.


So when I say I come from a dysfunctional family, I come from a very dysfunctional family. Were you guys when you were growing up, when you were S 7 10, 12 15, were You I had to take care of them. Oh, Do you believe they view you as a father, father figure as instead of a brother? I think they view me as when I started becoming who I was. That I was supposed to take care of everything. Mm. So they do. Hmm. My sister, the youngest, when my brother died, we were going to cremate him. 'cause he had been in a hotel room for so long by himself and never checked on him.


So I was saying okay. And she just kept directing, directing. I said, wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. This is how we need to do it. She kept trying to chastise. I said, oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. Back up. Back up. Hold on shorty. Hold up. I'm the oldest here. She had the people at the mor, the people that do the death certificate. She said There's only one death D death certificate to be done. And it was to go to her only. How did she get to make that decision?


That's my point. She part that she was to take charge. So I said, okay, I'm gonna allow you to do this because guess who had to pay the money for the cremation and everything. You, you see him in this room? Yeah. Yeah. So it's funny. People that's gonna do the least want the most responsive. That part. You let her handle it though. I let her handle it. Okay. But then she tried to chastise me and I pumped the brakes and I said, look here. And my fans see, they don't see this side of me.


Right. This is what I hold inside. That's why my fans are so important to me. I get to release and make them laugh. When I see them laugh, it turns me on. It makes me feel better who I am because they are that important to me. That's why I'm this long standing in this business right now. My special heir, and I'm gonna get back to this, my special aired 18 days ago now, 19 days. Something on the fifth day of a special that went straight to YouTube, that Netflix turned down. You think I was gonna cry with that? I had already done one on Netflix.


But you think I was gonna cry with that? Now I have full ownership at YouTube. The fifth day. And look and see how many people has done this The fifth day. I was at a million views in five days. At 18. We're not at 1.5 something in 18 days. Wow. On YouTube. And you Own it by the way. It's called RSJ not gonna stop. Anyway. So I own that. Right? Thank you. Netflix, they're a great company. They're doing what they're doing. But maybe my type of comedy where I do, it wasn't for them At that time. Who know? You might Come back, but here. But here's the thing with that. I do comedy for the people.


There's a whole bunch of audience for my type of comedy because I'm that clown. I've even had other comedians call used to call me, tried to say I was stepping, fetch it. I I'm a clown. I don't care. That clown got me a nice house, nice, nice way of life being that clown. Like I said, that's my type of comedy. But my sister tried to chastise me and this is when it blew up. And I probably shouldn't be saying this, but I trust you. I trust your people and maybe it's something that I need to get out 'cause it's getting ready to come out.


Right. I told her, I said, lemme explain something to you. When you were in college and you had these girls who wanted to, wanted to beat your ass 'cause you was messing with one of the boyfriends that played football. Who came to your rescue? It wasn't mama. It wasn't daddy, it was your big brother. They put the word out. Don't touch that one. When you needed money, who gave it to you? It wasn't your mama.


It wasn't your daddy, it was your big brother. When you had your child by this, this dude, you needed money. Who gave it to you? It wasn't your mama. It wasn't your daddy, but you gonna try to chastise me. And this is exactly how I said it. I didn't you that boy's daddy's the one that laid with you, the school teacher that you afraid to go get child support from.


But you getting mad at me because I'm telling you what you need to do. Only person you hurting is my nephew and me. These are the only two people you hurting. You're hurting us too. But because you, I'm not gonna be with him. Then she put it out there on social media. If my brother died, it feels like I lost. It feels like I'm so sad. I'm so depressed. I lost my last brother. But you still, but did you pitch yourself like, well damn, I'm still Shannon when she said that.


I said, You know what? That's It. So let it be written. So let it be done. I bet you you call me for pick up a phone to call you. So that means you haven't talked to your nephew either. Nope. And I got a little video of him that I look at all the time that I made. I look at that video all the time. When you talk to your wife about it, does she say aez? Nope. She might ride or die. Right. She know the situation and she ain't the one who wanna play with either though.


But you do realize aez, that's you, you, you said it earlier in the conversation that that's blood. So what are you supposed to do with blood? When Blood through the blood? Yeah. You know, sometimes. And, and, and it's all, All family members ain't meant to be family. Sometimes the only thing, the only family is the bloodline because you have nothing. This Guy to my right. Yeah. My role manager Roderick. That's your left. But okay. Oh yeah. Well because I, I guess 'cause I used my, didn't I tell you how smart he was? Don't know how to be, don't know how to be stupid for a minute. Well actually he does.


There you go. There you go. There you go. I Didn't say, I didn't say, I'm just saying my mouth hit the floor. Yeah. And I feel Hey time it we, I'm Just saying, can I say this one thing though? We early the conversation were the conversation. We gotta get like another 20, 30 minutes in. I just, it was gonna be quick, but Okay. Okay. But you was about to say your road manager is more family Than my family. Your Absolute family. If I call him, he coming. Not because I pay him because his heart is coming.


His heart is in that car. Not his pocket. His pocket is in that car. I'm a I'm gonna feel you out. I'm gonna see you for what you are. Then I'll, I'll handle it Accordingly. Accordingly. I don't have a lot of people around me. Some of my best friends, mainly all fish, fish, fish would love to fish. My fans, I give, I don't care if it's one person in the audience or just 10,000. I give everything that I got when I'm on that stage. Everything I got and I've been doing that for 34, 35 years.


I refuse, refuse to let negativity win with me. I was about to ask you, if you strike me as a person, that I will not let whatever's going on in my life personally affect. Impact what I have to do professionally. No. When they told me my mama passed, guess what I was doing? Guess take a wild guess. Fisher. Nope. On stage, I was About to walk out on stage and I got grabbed. Wait, wait, wait. Take this call. I'm getting ready to go out. They called my name. Take this call.


EZ Mama's gone. She didn't make it. Did a part of you like, damn, I get the best show I ever given in my life. Because that's what your mom would've wanted you to do. Or you felt you was obligated, Had energy, You needed that. At that time I needed that. If I didn't have that, I would've broken apart. Mm. When they told me my brother died, guess where I was on the air during the interview talking about molesting. Mm. That had happened to me.


And I was getting a lender to somebody else. My mama called me and told me my brother died. I crawled on my knees back in the studio on my knees and got back on that microphone. But when my mother died, best show I'd ever given in my life, I couldn't have done nothing that will ever subed that. Soon as I got off the stage and she was in Orlando, well she was in Kissimmee, I was in Miami. I jumped in the car.


I swear to God I must have been hit about 110 all the way to Kissimmee. Then I said to myself later on, why She Gone? You know why though? Why? Because that phone call did not go out on that stage. But the energy from that phone call the grief, I grieved after I got off that stage. And one of to get to her is if I could save her, she was gone. Yeah. My mom at one point hurt me at one time. She said, 'cause I used to wonder why do you seemed to treat the other kids differently than me?


You know what she told me? What she told you. Because I don't worry about you. I know you going make it. They need me. I think older kids get that a lot. She said, I'm not worried about you. I I won't have to worry about you, but your brother and sisters, those are the ones I gotta worry about. Made sense. It made sense. But as a, I don't know how old when you asked her this or how you was when she told you this, but at the time you just wanted your mom to like, no, that's not the truth. 'cause I love all y'all to say EE even though, even though that's A lie. It was, it was a lie because you were raised by your grandmother.


I absolutely was. And, and I'm gonna say this, people sometimes that are raised men, I'm gonna say men. Yes. Because I'm a man. You are a man. Correct. Men that are sometimes raised by a grandmother sometimes suffer trauma from the other side of the family that affects them as they get older. And I think that kind of happened Manifested. Yeah. You, you, you have to, you have to adjust. And I, like I said, I'm not trying to make this a down Debbie Yeah. Conversation.


Yeah. But we speak in truth and I don't get to do this. Right. I don't get to Right. To let my friends know who I am. Right. You know, I don't, You know, I I I beat to the beat of my own drums. Is that why you, is that why you're so animated? You're so hyped. You're sweating like a Baptist minister at Revival. Yeah. Is that why you're so animated? You're so engaged with your audience? Because all this trauma, all this stuff is built up in your personal life. And now I get to be the real RSJI here in front of 10,000, 15,000 People. I think when I do that also that I think that's part of it. I think there's a lot of part of it.


But I think I take on this armor and I even tell my friend sometimes you here, you made it here. Now I got you. Release everything that's going on wrong with you. Let it, let it come into me. I got it. Gotcha. Then I'm gonna turn it around, spin it out differently. Because like Rod and I were talking and we were talking and I said, well there's a lot of people that the comedy world where I'm at. 'cause I can't say nothing about the music world 'cause I'm not in the music world. Correct. But I'm in this comedy world. Yeah. I've been there from the very early to the now the comedians nowadays, are they lazy?


I think so. Mm. Internet has helped him be la lazy. Mm. I get that. When we used to do comedy, you had to grind Jay grind to get three to five minutes. I never, that's why I know God has me in a different, different light in a different way. Okay. I never featured one time, meaning I featured one time in a club comedy club, which is in Mobile, Alabama. I featured one time after that.


I said, I'm not featuring for nobody else. I'm the one that got myself into the clubs. A lot of these cats nowadays, they can't really get themselves in the club. They need agents and management or whatever. I got myself into a club, then I got management. This is a cutthroat business. A lot of these comedians that are out here. And it's sad. There's a lot of great comedians. But unfortunately somebody asked me to do comedians. One other comedians that failed. Hell yes they do. I'm glad you brought that up because You know, I had cat on here. I do. And a lot of people, I think the world know you had him on there.


But Jay people got mad at me because they said I shouldn't allow him. I was like, What a wait, wait. You shouldn't allow him to do what? I shouldn't allowed him to say what he said about those comedians. Why? I was like, y'all make it seem like I knew what he was gonna say. Can we be honest? Yes. That was the best thing that you did. It was Monetarily also. Yes. So was there a moral involved in that? I don't know. 'cause I don't really know. You're like that, right? Would anybody else might have done that same thing? Hell yeah, they would've. So you A lot of people, I and, and, and, and I believe a lot of people that was in the space that I do, do podcasts, that I believe they got upset with me because he didn't say what he said on their podcast.


He said it on mine and I got the benefit from it. But there have been comedians that said, oh, he shouldn't have said that. He should have checked him. I was like, bro, how do I and who, wait, who are those comedians that Said I I I don't wanna get No, No, no, because I I'm not gonna talk about them. But the reason I asked you that, because then I can give you a revelation to that. But I know 'cause I think a lot of the comedians were close to the, the comedians that he was talking about. Their lies in the problem. There lies in the problem of I know Kat, I know Kevin, I know Mike.


Steve said, I know all of them, but do when they beef with each other, I know all them. I love this man here. I love that man there. But I also know you are what he said. You are, you do what you said he did. That's y'all's beef. That's not for me to get involved. Do I want y'all to do it? No, I do not. I do not want you to do it. It's how you handle the adversity that's put upon you. If you going do what you going to do, you gonna do what you going to do. Correct. But always expect something To come Back.


Something to come back. If you can expect it, then you can sleep. But if you get in shock mode, say, I can't believe this happened. You ain't gonna have no good night's sleep. You ain't gonna have no good night's sleep. I think a a a and a large part, because like you said, you can't speak to the, the music industry because you're not in it. You can't speak to say whatever else because you're not in it. You're in the com com comedy space. So you knew a lot of this. I don't believe the outside world knew a lot of this. And what Kat did was, Of course I didn't Kat peeled back the cover and allow people that's not in that comedy space to see that there's this animosity going on.


And a lot of people say, well, he shouldn't have said that. He should have just gone to the individual and whatever gre whatever personal issue he might have had with, he should have addressed it. Mm. Really? That that's what they telling me. But I'm like, bro, what, what? Why? I I was like, I Didn't, everybody always needs to talk. Yeah. Everybody always needs to say something. Everybody always needs to offer that information. What they think how it should be. Mm. If y'all don't want this, then stop watching social media. Get rid of it. But you want it because there's always some interesting on it. Yeah. Yeah. He did it on your show. Correct.


It was that time, I guess. Yeah. I can't get mad at you. I might even have an, I may, I may even have an opinion to say, You know what, yeah. Maybe you let 'em go a bit too far. I could say that. Right. But I can't say that because then I wonder, they say, well what, You know what, You know what? I can't stand what people do. I wouldn't have, that's that word I wouldn't have Who in the fuck because I wouldn't have, I know you did. Right. I know that 5 million went to somebody's pocket. I know it didn't go to somebody else's pocket. Right. You know what a lot of comedians hate what?


When somebody says, oh, he's funny or she's funny, but they didn't mention their name. I got that too. They didn't, they didn't mention their name. You know what a comedian may say? Oh, he's all right. Mm. Or she's all right. That's deep animosity me. I don't watch other comedians. Really? Nah, I don't watch him. People at one time, a long time when I was going come in was mainly a lot of LA comic used to say, oh, he he's stealing mother. I do it in front of you. You know?


And, and then you have to show them you're not the one to be played with. Right. And being that I was always kind of by myself, but I walked by myself. Mm. I walked in a crowd by myself. Somebody said, oh man, somebody looking for you. Really? So when I see them, I heard you looking for me, what up? Nah, nah. We we good. But, but it's just like, it's just like when you had ocho you was doing something with ocho. Yeah. And the brother that was told me he was gonna knock him out or whatever the case may be. Yeah. Y'all tried to demean ocho by saying he'll hurt you.


Right. But you couldn't take o Cho's heart. No. Even though, even though he may think this brother might hurt me. Right. Why in the world would he allow you to see that? Right. Shannon, you're a big dude. You talking shit to me right now. You think I'm gonna warrant out this room? I'm gonna start taking stuff off. What? What we gonna do? It gonna take you a while to get that off? Nah, I'm gonna leave this on because I might use this bitch. Did you see this rock? Oh. And this is this beautiful, I think it's beautiful. Yes. Was made by a brother, two brothers. Yeah. In Atlanta, Georgia. And that thing is called Rod got the name for me.


He's gonna give it to me. They made this especially for me. Okay. I told 'em I had this, my watch on. I said, I want to kind of go with the watch. Right. Had this done in three days. And what what's that With the Instagram? Yeah. Ja, Ja set 75. Ja set 75. Okay. So in case you want, he makes bracelets, makes a change. Good brother. Yeah. Chatty but a good brother. Yeah. You want something big to be seen. Yeah. Yeah. Because you ain't everybody got muscles. Everybody got these things. He got, I know you got little niggas in there, but that's all right everybody. So, so when, when, when you saw the cat video Talk to me.


What, what did you do you like? Oh my goodness. Oh, cat to let the cat his Original. You want know my opinion? Yes. Yes. What, what did you think? Did you, I mean, did you really know It was like this Arna. I know he lied when he said he was running that fo two. I know he said he be, he can beat you. No, that's, that's, that's a Triple lie at Kevin Hart, Katt Williams and Arna J raced doing the show. Right? I think it was Cleveland. I can't remember. You asked both of them. Who won You out? You out ran Kat And I'm older than both of them. You out ran Kat and Kevin Hart. You don't wanna mess with that right there.


You don't wanna mess with that because you don't wanna mess with that. These are slim gems. You don't wanna mess with a slim gym.


Listen, as Senia tells us why she chose to vaccinate her daughter Right after my daughter was born, my husband and I are having to decide whether or not to get her vaccinated. I definitely felt like the pros far outweighed the cons. The diseases that I'm protecting my child against, they're still here. Talk to your child's doctor and learn more@whyvaccines.com brought to you by Merck.


So we all made mistakes, right? But on the up to them it's the right thing to do.


But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it? Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for Yourself.


Have you ever Brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through, it's true magic because we came to play, bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


See, you have to realize, I ran track, I played baseball, but that was, I played for, but I could give a left if it was right before Jesus graduated. I Still did it. You know? How do You know they didn't ke Kev went out for the basketball team. Kev could play play a little ball. Yeah. Yeah. But we talking running. But you saw Ke, but you saw Ka Randy, them jumpers. He was with lethal shooter Ray them jumpers. Threes at the top of the key. You saw it? I got mine on film. You saw it? I got mine on film. I told this dude, get it out the net before I shot it. Then I shot one. It was in there. I said, go. Why you move to the left? It's coming down This man.


One thing I ain't gonna do is lie. Well, since you're not gonna lie, when you heard him going in on certain people that he was talking about, what is your opinion? What sh Like you said, what you not gonna do is what he should have done or what he shouldn't have done. Yeah. What was your opinion on the conversation? He and I was having My, my, my thing, when I heard it, I said, okay, it's the, the can is open now. But see, you have to realize with me, I don't get involved with that. See here, here's the problem. A lot of people have a lot of comedians and they come into the game real young and stuff.


I mean, I was young and stuff, but I was already married with a child. I was already doing a man's life. Okay? I didn't have a bunch of family that was like the like, like like the Wayne brothers. I didn't have all of that. Right? I didn't have a big family like that. I had RNSJ and who he's taking care of, right? My thing was to take care of let me do my job and go home. Did I, did I fuck up sometime? You damn straight I did. Right? But it happens, right? It's how you deal with it. No, I don't want no, no. I didn't click. I'm not a clicker. Okay? I don't have time to click.


I have time to do a job and get it done. People say, why aren't you in more movies? There's a lot of reasons why I'm not in more movies. Some people at one point, at one point said, well, he can't act. Well, I know that's a lie. Some of the best acting is not acting is being who you are. Correct. All this stuff doesn't happen now. Now the flowers are coming. People call me triple OG and everything else and giving me the respect people Instagram and saying, Hey, may I apologize for this back then. Once again, I'm not the fire starter. If you respect me, I give you the respect. I go to battle for you, but you try to demean me. You can't demean something that God created that will not be demeaned.


Do you realize how many people and, and as well as in your case, wanna see you not succeed? Yes. That's why my specialist called, not gonna stop. I'll probably be telling jokes when I'm in my coffin. Mm. I don't know. I don't, something may happen, right? I may turn a flip in that bad boy. Who knows? I don't know. But what I'm, what? But what I'm saying in, in this business, Shannon, there's so many people that want other people to fail that they might have a chance to succeed.


Did You know it was like this when you got into business? Was it always like this? I I it I started finding out. Yes. Oh yes. Especially when people become territorial. There's people who used to think LA Comics were the funniest comics in the world. That it had to go through them. What? Man, I tell you some stories blow your mind. Some of that stuff Kat got ain't, ain't shit. What? I what? You Got stuff. No, it ain't gonna happen. But No, but I tell you what, but hold on. You and Rickey Smiley have it miss you. Y'all put it to y'all put it to bed after 20 years. How did y'all come to say, You know what, man? Come on man. We grown.


We got Grand. How do you really want to ask that question? Well, though, how? I really want to ask, Ask it how you want to ask it. Don't sugarcoat What caused the beef and then who, what idea was it was to squash the beef beef after 20 years? Well, Ricky can say, I caused it and I'm damn gonna say he caused it. Right? It started out of Atlanta and that's when you should have asked Kat and DL what happened. It was, he got a misunderstanding. But the problem that I had was you have the misunderstanding, like you said, come to me.


Right? But he went to the black social media and said, I disrespected, and here's where the problem came at in the Atlanta constitution. Here's where the problem came at. You didn't give me a chance to say nothing. Right. You know why? I was under Tom Joiner cruise where we both were supposed to be. Right. He didn't come. I went, I can't defend myself. I'm on the ocean. But they printed it anyway. Mm. But everybody know him. Everybody know me, so to say.


And we were young, but still, I was fine. I'm always fine. I'm only not fine until you come in my zone and you coming with the wrong intentions. It was squashed because God says it was. God said, it was time we were on a plane. You were both having to be on the plane. Check this out. We were both on the plane. I sat in the wrong seat. Look at him. Won't he do it? Do it when he won't And he end up having to sit Next to you. No, I sat in the wrong seat. Yes. And then Ricky end up sitting next to you.


Right. Because I went to my seat and I sat down and I didn't even know it was him. And he turned and said Arna. I don't know if it was nerves or if it was. 'cause I'm, I'm at the poke bean projects and you that close, We the poke beans. We, we, we laughed. Yeah. And I'm not gonna sit up here. We laughed. We, we, You know, I can call him, he can call me. But people have to realize one thing about fans.


Fans aren't stupid. They really are. And my fans, I don't call fans and I apologize. My fans are fans. Memory. That's how I feel about when I performed for them. I'm performing for them. Yeah. You paid your money. But I'm, I'm, I wish you'd get your money work. Yo, whatever happened to you at your job? I got you today. You know when you, you broke up with somebody? I got you today. I, I give, man, do you realize it's, it like a lot of people don't see me dress like this. People know that I can dress.


I wear certain things accordingly. Interesting. I dress to my own beat. Yeah. So you came here. You know your little smart ass. No, no, no. I dress, I I dress to the way that I feel. Yes. I feel like a black king right now. Yeah. I feel like a sugar booger right now. Yeah. I feel like the, the pimp of the slims right now. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I feel like I just walked out of the, after the sixties right now. Yeah. I feel that. I feel that that how you feel. I feel that. I mean, everybody can't wear golf gear and look like that.


Everybody, everybody came. Well, oh, golf gear. I bet. I bet you ain't got one pair of loose underwear. I bet you all of 'em tight. Yeah. I, I I'm still, I'm still fairly young. I don't wear, I wear have boxes to bed. But You know, I don't wear boxes Out in the street. Neither do I. I wear tights. Yeah. Yeah. See? Yeah. And you older than me. Yeah, but that's okay. That's okay. I still beat your arm Russell though. That happening. Yeah. I could Lemme ask you a question. Yeah. You joke telling, let's go with joke. Stealing first. Okay. Where are you on joke? Stealing? Because I look, I've had a lot of, like I said, You know, I've had a lot of comedians over here and some says, okay, is not, is that your only joke?


Is that the last joke you're gonna ever tell? If it is not, it shouldn't be that big of a deal. Some say no hell to the no. You ain't been to steal it and try to rearrange and make it this and, and say that when You know the premise of that joke. It's mine. So what are you asking Me? I'm asking you where on you on this joke Stealing? I'm very agitated about joke, stealing. Watch this. I know, I know. You ain't putting the camera on Roderick. How do I feel about joke? Stealing. You are, You are dead set against it.


I took somebody off. I took somebody off my crew who I love because they did a joke that somebody did and they couldn't understand what was the problem. I said, I tell you what, you go home and sit about a month. You come back, you keep looking at it. You said about a month. Then you come back to me, tell me what's going on. It is a must that you be original as as original as you can be. I'm not saying people don't sometimes have a concept. Yeah. Because I mean, yeah, because Black people have every, everybody black know about Kool-Aid. Great Kool-Aid. Yeah. Yeah. Bologna sandwiches. Yes. Yes. But it's how you do it. You know, when that, You know when it belongs to somebody else.


You Do, You know when it belongs to somebody else, you do. No matter how all the excuses you try to make, You know when it belongs to somebody else, but yet you wanna go. You think because you get laugh for it. You don't look the worst thing. I hate when a comedian says I ripped it. I've never said that. I've never said that. I've never said I ripped it. I've never said I tow the house down. I look at a comedy as a war sometimes. I want you to be good. If I go behind you, I'm coming with everything I got. Mm. If I go in front of you, stand by and be ready.


So it doesn't really matter what you going to show. It does Not. Because a lot of people say, well Jay, you should have closed the show. That, that, that ain't, that ain't, That's not for you to decide. That's not for me to decide what decides. That is my contract. I go where I think the money is right for me. If you want me to close, I don't have a problem with that. But you are going to pay me to be in that position because there's a lot that comes along with that. Okay. Okay. I see. Everybody's not a closer. I don't care how much television you got. These streets is war out here. When you step on that stage, that's war.


Mm. Oh, you leave that television, that television behind. I hope you ain't got in the car with you. Leave that television behind because You know why you're leaving behind. Because that's what they saw on tv. Now they're getting ready to see you live. What you going to do Is a big difference between performing in front of that tube as opposed in front of them. 10,000. It's a big difference to perform in front of your family on the porch than it is when you getting paid for it to do it professionally. Mm. Everybody's in the comedy game. Shouldn't be in the comedy game. Wow. Everybody's in the comedy game. Should not be in a comedy game. Do your due diligence.


Serve yourself sweat. And I'm not, I'm I'm not saying any particular person. Right. I'm saying what it is, but when a comedian says to me, I ripped it, I just Oh, really? Huh? Okay. Because you've been at this thing 34, 35 years, you've seen the evolution of joke telling. I have. There are jokes that you could tell in 1990. Yeah. 1995 in 2000 You can't do now you better Not touch in 2020. But, but here's the thing. What's that? That's where the word relevance come in. Can you be relevant?


Why do you think people won't let go of Rodney? Why do you think they won't let me allow him to, to to rest in peace? Right. Because he's evolution. No matter if it's back then or if it's now, they don't care about what you're talking about. They just care about that as Rodney. Right. When you do, like I said, I don't target people. I don't talk about a person's demise. If you are gonna talk about murder, death, I don't talk about death. But if you're gonna do it, make sure you are ready for the response you're gonna get. Make sure you ready to do that like it's supposed to be told. Okay. Because you can make death funny, but don't go in there just 'cause you done seen it.


You automatically think, oh, this is what I'm gonna say. Right. 'cause it don't work that way. It don't work that way. How have Arnez J had to evolve? Because like you said, there are some jokes that you could tell back then that, that you wouldn't say it, that you brought the house down or you ripped it. So how have you had to evolve knowing that You know, You know, jokes, even gay jokes. You like, you, you made fun of gay mannerisms. I sure do. You know why? Why? Because that's around me. Right. I grew up with it. Okay. I'm allowed to talk about people that are challenged. I grew up around it. Right. It's in my family. It gives me the right, Right.


In business. And you have intimate personal knowledge about it because you, like you said, you grew up around it. Saw I grew up Around, I saw it. My uncle, my uncle man, lemme tell you something. I went back home one time in Florida, one of my cousins. I walked in the living room. I asked my, my uncle fine. I said, uncle, I said, who, who that who that girl in there. He, he just walked off and I said, boy ain. And then that's your cousin that said, who? That's your cousin. I said, who? What? What son you think I got that would be your cousin? I looked back and I said, nigga, you Lying. He completely transgendered though.


Think I wasn't gonna get it. First chance Gonna get it, but I had to be around him to get it. Right. See, I don't, I don't, I gotta be around it. I gotta So you don't make jokes about things that you have that you don't have a per a intimate, a personal knowledge. Because I had quake and had Bruce Bruce, two of my favorites. I saw them and I, I gotta get to one of your shows. They say their job is to take real life events and make 'em funny. You being around that situation, you being around Rodney, you being around your cousin, your uncle Charlie. Yeah. You around that you saw that, you picked up on that. That's years and Years. And everybody has an Uncle Charlie.


Everybody's black anyway. Yeah. Even somebody white may have an Uncle Charlie. Right. Always in Africa. They wear their pants high. Yeah. On purpose. So when you, when you made the joke about your cousin, did he know you were joking about him? Ha Has he ever said anything about, come on bro, you Let that He ain't said nothing to me. He's the one I talk about when he, when he says something, he always points to the left every time. Never goes to the right. I would. Hmm. And looks you dead in your face. You could be at the table eating every, what'd you, what'd you say?


A African, A lot of Africans love me and I love them, but they funny. Right. African dudes lie all the time. I'm not saying all of 'em, but they lie. They was something about what they got. But you had TSA work. What did I say? So one, I have a dude told me one time, he said scanner went up. He was like, come for, come for, You know, that's cool, but you ain't gotta talk to me like that. No, no, no, no. He said, back up, back up, back up, back up. I said, okay. He said, come forward, come forward. I said, man, you ain't gotta do all that. Come forward. I'm the supervisor. I said, no, I'm not going to come forward.


I remember you. Oh, he got mad. What about he got mad? Do you ev do you ever get hate mail for doing a joke or talking about a, a a, I don't know. Like you say, you say, I don't know you, you say your job, you're not trying to do demean Or I got one, one email that I know of in 35 years, three years ago from a family that lived in Australia. Damn. Said we saw him and he wasn't who he thought he was. What did they Think you were? I don't know.


I don't know. Maybe they, I don't know. You know, I doubt know Shalon. But let but other comedians because you did and you had the mannerism down to a tee. They thought you were Gay. What? They thought I was gay before I was a comedian. Before I was a comedian. Really? It's a Funny story and I hope, I hope he see this. You know, I don't do names. Right. He's a comedian, was trying to get with a girl. Yeah. That was just a good friend. Right. That, that, that we knew.


I know. He didn't do what I Think. Yes he did. He didn't tell her You what? Yes he did. And the word he used was Arna Jay, that's a friend of y'all. Oh he'll. That's why you gotta watch when you run your mouth to He said, oh he'll yeah. He like, he like, he like boys. Really? So this is why I say God is great. Mm. We were doing a show. Oh, in Philadelphia. Think we at Tulane College. He just happened to be on the show. Rod was in the room. He came in to knock on the door. Hey man, hey, hey, hey.


Like, ain't nothing like, he ain't saying ain't nothing like he ain't say what he said. I said, thank you Jesus. I ain't gotta go to his room. I said, rod, I need you to step out for a minute. I need you to step out for a minute. So I looked at him and I looked at him just like that. I sat down. He's like, well you are. He said, yeah, yeah. What's up? I said, I tell you what, we gonna handle this one of two ways, but it's gonna get handled. We can talk about it like grown men or we can go to the street. And I said, and You know me, You know I'm praying that you wanna go to the street with it. So I my and he just knew and he went, what?


I said what, who's what? I'm a, I like boys. Oh man. I was just, you were just trying to what? I said I've been nothing but nice to you and your son ever. Mm. But I tell you what though, you needed to say that to a woman about another man. So you could think that was gonna get you somewhere or you just being hateful. I said, that's what little do. Are you a Hmm? I said, I think so. Damn.


Don't like that honey. I said, I think so. What'd he say? Cry. I didn't say that. You did. You cried on There. I'm just saying He apologized. Yeah, he apologized. You wanna do it like Harlem nights and I want everything you took in tonight and everything you took in all week, nigga. That's funny. That's funny to make. Nah, he ain't not wanted, he ain't have nothing. So, so lemme ask you. So He's wearing tennis shoes now. So lemme ask you a question. After that point, did he ever say anything else to you? Y'all cool now? No. We're, we're not. Because I mean, we're cool.


Right? But I got the feeling he wasn't sincere. Right. It was that in the moment he and the walls were in on him. Because I'm like, why? And I even asked, why would you do something like that? What what inspires you to do that? Bro? It's hard enough out here. But we banging on each other now About a brawl Too. Yeah, about a, about a woman that you wanna get with That you lie happened though, Jay, I in my life ain't never dogged another man to get with a woman. Nope. Nope.


It ain't nope. I'm the type of dude back in the day, a woman looked at me like I outside. I like, I'm outside. I took you, my momma told me I was cute too. I don't know what the hell you thought No Should did. Just like my cousin. No, I I I don't, I don't believe in that. I don't believe in that There Is a code. Yes. What it used to be. Fact used to be It used to be used to be. Because, and Why did it change? When did it change? Why is it changing? I have no idea. Because even if a, even if a, a guy had a girl and they're not together and she come ask me.


I know you knew what I know. Oh, I know. You knew he had such and such. I don't know nothing. First of all, bet no female ever walk up with me like that. Yeah, But they, they, they, because they want you. Because No, first of all, if that's my friend, that's my friend. Don't walk up on me and ask me something crazy. They have, they already know. Don't ask me. I had homeboy, homeboy say, I ain't, I I ain't gonna even ask Shannon. 'cause I already know he gonna lie. I met, I met you through him. My loyalty are to him. Yeah. Never. I'm never gonna, I've never said anything. I say never. And I hate saying never all or ever.


Got you. I got you. But you not finna get me to talk bad about somebody else just so I can get in a favorable position with someone else. That ain't how it work. Boy, I wish you had more time on there. There's some boys. Oh, but see Young Youngs. I could. They they doing that now though. They'll do that. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to club. She, she profile and I'll see you there.


Here's why April chose to vaccinate her child. I think actually meeting someone who was not vaccinated and now has a lifelong struggle with a childhood disease really cemented for me that it's super important that we as parents continue to vaccinate our children. Talk to your pediatrician or visit y vaccines.com. Brought to you by Merck.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sin back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an Iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is an iHeart podcast.