
You're listening to an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan. $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% A PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in and additional terms apply.


The Made for This Mountain Podcast exists to empower listeners to rise above their inner struggles and face the mountain in front of them. So during mental health awareness month, tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and then climb that mountain. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the Struggle. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


A lot of times big economic forces show up in our lives in small ways. Four days a Week I would buy two cups of banana pudding, but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one Small but important ways from tech billionaires to the bond market to yeah, banana pudding if it's happening in business, our new podcast is on it. I'm Max Chaffin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. So listen to everybody's business on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The volume.


Yo, what's going on? It's Club five 20 Man, we just here to talk about some real stuff and listen, everything is going up. Everything is more expensive, you name it. Water, eggs, milk. It's a lot of stuff going on. And the last thing you want is credit card debt. And listen, there is a better way for you man, especially to build your credit. All you gotta do is tap in with chimes credit builder card. It's a secure credit card. No credit check and a minimum deposit required. But listen, it'll get you start on your financial freedom. A it is really easy to start building credit with your everyday purchases. You can make regular on time payments. It is no annual fees, interest or credit checks. I mean Chime is the way to go. chime.com With a better credit score. It gives you an opportunity to take family vacations, unexpected bills that you can take care of. You know, just make life a lot easier for you. A good score makes a big difference. All these things can help you lower interest rates in your home and your car. A good score makes a big difference. Usually Your child map you have access to 50,000 fee free ATMs across the world To your everyday purchases and on time Payments is the steps towards your financial goals. And Chime, secure Credit Builder Visa credit card. Get started today@chime.com. Chime feels like progress. The Chime Credit builder Visa credit card is issued by the Bay Corp. Bank A or Strive Bank. A Spot Me eligibility requires an overdraft limits apply Chime checking account required to apply out of network, a TM withdrawal and OTC advanced fees may apply. Timing depends on submission of payment.


Yo y'all, what's happening? Appreciate y'all pulling up man. The second annual five 20 day make some noise for y'all self to pulling up man we appreciate y'all showing up man. It's a good time man. You know what it is? You in the crib with it. Club five 20 Official Man. First thing, first man. Shout out to Boost Mobile. Y'all see this wonderful last time in Mood Stage They fucking with five 20 now we locked in. We ain't going Hollywood. Where we trying to get the money Goddamnit. So shout to Boost Mobile one time for the one time. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wells. We got a special, special guest in the building man. Yo. Yeah, yeah. We're gonna introduce some laughs with some about far left my dog Bishop be here out the Pearl League. How you what? Nasty What? Saying nasty. Let's get to it for sure man. Listen, we got a special guest so we got a special gift from our mans man.


Shout out to the good people at JD Sports. We got a wonderful partnership, man tapped in now. I know you tapped in with the show. You already got the black Nancys on? Yeah. Yeah, but what, where are Ace is at though gang? Yeah I know these some custom shit right here. Oh hard That somebody gave me on tour. But I know about the white laces though. That's, that's some main combination work there. Oh we got something for you man. Oh come on now. Yeah Y'all on official club In the Gang. Oh Some fucking talk about you. The Gang fucked him up in the club tonight. You know. Put these on tonight. Yeah we have phone. That's where we at. We Don't fuck that shit up too. I swear to God. We is. I'm definitely Hey don't rock them shit. Hey no my promo.


What white laces with the black man? Nasty. Hey do your thing bro. Do your, I fuck with they hard. He said them turn the freaky bow turn off freaky bow freak. Oh it is freaky bad for So we hey man. Hey we on. I know where you going? No, no, no, no. Hold on now. Still to my right. My dog Young Nacho. Yo. T Got you. What? I'm chilling man. Chilling for real, for real. Hey it's supposed to be a young lady. I heard that got 50 shots for me so I'm gonna get some shots out. Yeah we passing out shots but I don't know where she at. Look why everybody get quiet when they say shots all day. Ain't nobody say shoot shot.


Everybody get drunk. Yeah make Oh workers y'all at work. Y'all can take shots. We with holler shot afterwards. See Lu y'all. You said male? You heard some Hennessy? Oh they are not sponsored anymore but shout out to them last but certain not least man, like you said man. Five 20 day special event. It's only right we got a special guest in the building man. Everybody grew up on this man's music. His movies, our icons since we was our kids The one that only the legend Bow. Wow the building. Big dog Appreciate you flying. Nah man. No thank you man. You feel good to be back here man. For real. Thanks. Appreciate it. For sure man. It's holy right that we here with it man. The black forces with the white. It's crazy how that became the staple with his show.


It's fire. Yeah And I see you on tour. You had a pair Customs with the white Davis the Boys, them was hard too. Fire. Yeah. Yeah. I mean y'all know the sticker thing for me mean everything. So especially if I put my hands on something exclusive, I need those. So that's why I'm, because I don't think nobody in the eight got the at all period. Alright. Don't say I don See I knew, I knew he was about to say something. I knew what he was about to say something. I hate her Bro. Don't even worry about it. Now speaking of shoes, do you still got the blazes from Like Mike? My aunt Got 'em. Dang the original, the original ones of the movie. My aunt, my aunt got 'em. I gave them to her and the jersey. She the only one with the originals. Like there's so many like anytime like the whole like the whole time Millennium tour every meet and greet throughout the whole arena. All you see is like these Calvin Cambridge jerseys.


Yeah And I love them but I be like damn like they the Swing man though. Like, like them the swing man versions like, You know what I mean? My aunt got the original all satin jersey probably like this big and shit. 'cause I was like a little nigga at the time. Not from the movie. But nah, I, I definitely got all the memorable from Like Mike for sure Man that's crazy because You know who Jersey? They ain't got the man, it's Morris Chestnut niggas that got the more Chest nut jersey. Wait You know what time out? I don't know. I don't know where the hell part is but not one meeting Greco it fucked me up. She came in and she out the Morris Chestnut number. Tell Like Mike Jersey. Oh shit. Never started in my life. Never seen it in my life. She's Chuck 1 0 1 for the show. Sure That jerk trade having a more jersey is nasty as what?


They're like it's like having a Milwaukee five bucks check shit. What those fucker you doing? What's nasty? The Milwaukee jersey receive 44 page. Sure the fuck out. I fuck off. I been working this shit. Have respect now listen, it's crazy 'cause obviously we said bro you've been an icon since we was our kids. You know it's a new age. It's new kids. What's five songs you would tell somebody who don't know who you are that they should tap into to know who you really are. My own two shots in Say that again nigga. You gonna have to re-say that little different now. Oh That nigga talk fast Now. Yeah hold on. Say that again. Now out of the out of the new cast I got you five songs you would tell people to listen to you about you that they don't know who you are.


Oh. Find songs to listen to. That's that Yo S Me photographer. Yes sir. Oh Nigga Fresh I miss for sure. Oh All the gang I'm put fresh up there. It ain't gotta to be my shit. Right. Go first. Whatever JD JayZ money, anything. Oh throw that in there. You Was on that? Nah. Oh he just had songs that describe me like nah nigga Songs you made. I Been fucking with you for a long time. I don't Remember that. Oh well here we go. Oh that's a different remix. Oh. Oh no. Oh it's too easy there. It's too easy. It's too easy. Fresh as I bitch for sure. Yeah. Oh I think they like me. Oh okay. Outta my system. You got some fans out there?


God I'm a flirt there she go fucking show I'm going with Flirt for sure all day and then the round on number five. Ain't thinking about you man and cre. Yeah for sure Ain't She started clapping some real fancy fell secret to see Breezy Free. See Breezy. I got the new track. Y'all going Crazy right now? Yeah motherfucker. That motherfucker Ride Real say no we about to, we about to Titan 10 song damn fast. Yeah but Free Breezy though all day for sure. I Ain't got, I got like a little exclusive. I heard you got an album drop. That's gonna be pretty dope though. Nah, probably like I'm just cooking really honestly. Like I never at like anytime I get ready to record an album, I don't even know I'm recording an album. Yeah I just record shit. And then this just like you look up, you got like 5,200 songs and you just start putting it together.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Just let the music pretty much just talk to you. Like I think if I go in there with the mindset of like, oh it's Studio time or studio season or its album season, you kind of start overthinking shit and and it and it don't really come to natural. So for me it's like whereby feel it and I record all my music like on my iPhone like use me after that shit on my iPhone like like with the earpiece and shit Aint so it never stops. The recording process never stop. It's like whenever my feeling I could go and it's cool because if I run another rap niggas and I like I need to feature, they're like oh yeah well just send it to me. No, no no, no nigga here you go nigga just put this on. And the beat RE up in there, we got the whole app. Go ahead and do it now. So it's 24 7 around o'clock. Oh you put Nigga on the spot? I trying to again that's what you need. What you do kin sir?


He don't know about Kin. I'm on Pin ball. I put that the call be could be on the Revi. Yeah he got, he freaky though. Yeah he freak. How many songs you got in the talk though? Too many Over a thousand? Yeah like me and like me and Migos, we got one that JD did That's so crazy with all three members on, You know what I mean? That's damn unheard never been heard before. Rest in Peace. The rich homie qua me, me, me and Quan. We did one right before his passing. It's it's so many that's just in the cut. Me and Neo got some shit. Me and Chris got both shit. Me and Jais got some shit. Me and Tre song got some, I mean it's, it is. I got songs with everybody, You know what I mean? This is all by the time.


Fuck out. Alright hold on before we move forward, we got some drinks coming. Barbie pull up on us. Barbie right here? Yeah pull up. Pull up bonus. Oh shit. Barking down there. Hit her head trying to get around, let it know I'm taking Rambo, You know what I'm saying? Keep that drink. Anything besides the Rock. Right. Y'all got me mixing this shit? Nah this is okay well we got this. The Barbie Boost? No the Clutch connection. Okay. The Clutch connection. You got Na ho they you the drug everything under the fall. Put the tray in Barbie.


Did you have BeWell posters hanging out? Heres all over my room. My oh she thirsty now. Something. What's up? I you doing, how are you? I'm blessed nigga. You blessed. Hey I aint that inside your son. That nigga put his sexy voice out and he praise the boy cat. Praise the Lord. And she was looking at about he said I'm blessed. Well that's your favorite Bow Wow song boy you got Mike. Where am my friend at? We your prince at? I'm Talking to the mic. Where are my friends at? What's our favorite Bow Wow song. Oh they turned, they said a they did not say us song. Say Friends pick the damn song.


My baby we're not interviewing now so leave it over here. Go ahead. Okay. What's our favorite bow song? My baby I love y'all. Hold on that. Huh? You that story light. She said short light. You going mind. Word. Word. We said that every 12th. You know that song to get you Through? Yeah that song I pretty sure that. Ah all. Alright thank you Bar. I just wait No I had more time. Don't cut Me off. I bullshit. You got ask a question. You need more time? I need more time. You got it. We were supposed to be doing the For love of Barbie Be here. What's, what's going on? We we gotta delay that. Go on Answer this nigga. Your question know you excited Go get it off his chip.


You blood. I'm nervous. Get up here. Get nervous in my stomach and my vagina. Woo. Oh shit. Thank you Barbie. I'm a drink to that. A drink to that. I'm there for sure man. Shout to Bar. She's a little flustered babe. Bad why? Going going crazy.


But this drink is bought by Boost Mobile for all y'all Who got a phone out here? Tap in. We sign up for a good phone for a great price. You know what it is? Tap into Boost Mobile and Boost Mobile Pay $25 a month. I know y'all got 25 for sure forever. Itt a limited talk tech status starting at 25 a month. No price hikes. No contract Tap in festival mobile's legit nationwide. 5G. But go keep the bars everywhere you go. They invested, they tapped in for the coaching. Shout out to Boost Mobile. They rocking with us and they rock it with five 20. So one time for the one time. We appreciate y'all For sure, for sure. Speaking about Boost Mobile now did you have a Lex Tail church? Hell yeah. So I look, You know tell you for me when no motherfuckers was really hitting was when we could start by hitting motherfuckers from out out of town outta state? Yeah. Remember it was just local At first? Yeah, once that happened it was up but I didn't, I didn't like how like you could just have your phone out and then hey nigga what up new like nah shit, just your phone just started talking. That's All that kind of money. Yeah nigga talking I to get a Chi money, you have a chi nigga I was poor. Here we go with this shit. Not today about that sad ass shit tonight. No DJ asked of course I don't want to hear that shit today. That nigga talk about the nigga be rich because he was 11 talking about you ain't having a church no nigga. Which wife? What? Or a razor house phone A razor I wish nigga I had a The phone that house was the water. Oh. Nokia shit. I had the one with Snake on it.


Yo, you was already filming the game. The game. Yes. I ain't had no had a Beaver. The Absolute, we know the music photography's absolutely crazy as well. But one thing that's super crazy Under Rain about you as well. The movie game is what's more for for you making an album or film


The movie Blending Vice's Signature Dynamic Storytelling with the high octane world of sports. Vice Sports brings an exciting and diverse range of programming that goes beyond the game. Catch action packed live events and exclusive sports documentaries and profiles only on vice tv. From the play games all the way to the finals. Now is the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase score. Ready to place your first bet. Download DraftKings Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly Make it a playoff for want to remember with DraftKings? Download a Draftking sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


So we all made mistakes right? But on it up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bring it back to og. Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti-man for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade-in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 0.99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months. Less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% A PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade In and additional terms apply


Made for this Mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast. Focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


A lot of times the big economic forces we hear about on the news show up in our lives in small ways. Three or four days a week I would buy two cups of banana pudding but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one. The demand curve in action. And that's just one of the things we'll be covering on everybody's business. From Bloomberg Business Week, I'm Max Chakin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Every Friday we will be diving into the biggest stories in business, taking a look at what's going on, why it matters, and how it shows up in our everyday lives With guests like Business Week editor, Brad Stone, sports reporter, Randall Williams and consumer spending expert, Amanda Mull will take you inside the board rooms, the back rooms, even the signal chats that make our economy tick. Hey, I wanna learn about VI chain and I wanna buy some blockchain or whatever it is that that they're doing. So listen to everybody's business on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


I love filming the movie. I I guess because I've been ripping and running my whole life so when I get a chance to do a film, I get a chance to actually be in the city. It sits still for three or four months. That shit is rare being a rapper bike. Yeah. You know what I mean, being a musician, anything can happen at any given time. The schedules can change at any given time but You know what I mean. I'm just so used to just the cluster this of that shit. And anytime I get a chance to sit down and do something that I love or something I'm passionate about and I know what I'm doing because I like to be organized, like the rap shit is so under organized. Like we could pull up somewhere and that shit can cancel as soon as we at the back though you like what the fuck? But that movie set is always there. A check clear. That shit hit old time every Wednesday.


Mm. It's like a a, it is like a a incredible now enough like that's what it's like. I just love it. I get 'em on peace, I give 'em more time with my kids. I get to touch bases and do regular shit that I don't really get a chance to do when I'm on bow wow type of time. But when I'm on that AK time I love it because like I said, I get to do something I love but also it just bringing so much peace and it's very, very structured. I love, I love shit that's structured. Chef it fucked me up when I seen you on Law and Order. I'm law CSIC. One of them motherfuckers. I said what the fuck, what was he doing on there? Shit. I was Said no some no bullshit.


So You know I was asleep and I woke up, I seen the nigga I fight. No I'm the lead nigga. I ain't, he just out here doing shit yo. I having too much fun Yo. I ain't gonna lie. That was probably the hardest active job I've had in my career. And I wanted to quit too because that's, look that's when I was hosting 1 0 6 Park and I was doing CSI the same time. So I was going coast to coast like we'll film three episodes in one day at 1 0 6 Park and I gotta get on the plane to fly six hours at la. Remember lines be on point, be on cue just to show CBS but I can handle doing this and this. That shit was tough. Like that was probably the most toughest active shit that I ever had in my career thus far. I know it's probably gonna be some more shit ahead but that shit was tough.


Like I I, I remember calling my mama like and check this out. It ain't, I don't before about the money, this shit ain't worth it. Like stress. This shit kill me like I want to quit. It was like in episode six like if you quit now nigga you ain't gonna never work in Hollywood again. You can forget about that shit. They gonna get your ass up outta here. So she told me that I I had to power through that Motherfucker then. Nah it is crazy though. Like to see like when I really think about, I'm just sitting thinking about it now. Like the movies you really be in, I be watching them shits like I really watch roll Bounce. Oh come on. Hey, hey hey fucking with that shit. Like nah for Sure Ticket lottery ticket, lottery ticket that your ass Yo.


Every movie y'all done got my ass Whoop like Fast and Furious Tokyo Good Judge ass MQ bro. I got the best Stick catalog a lot Lottery ticket I got my ass whooped. I think Entourage only was the only thing I did where I got the whoops some ass every yeah they always did this. Yeah you was cute. I got the As Ludacris shit. Hell, hell no Luda, he smoking Luon movies person. I mean, I mean he be the main character. Shit. That's why I'm giving him the top rapper, You know what I mean? Little appreciate though. He be, nah Hell do his shit though. For sure. For sure, For sure. Now you're talking about the hardest job you had at Hollywood. What's the funnest movie role you had so far? Yeah, The funnest. Yeah, it's, hm, shit can't be Like Mike.


He was struggle that you had Dig Deep. That nigga grew up like what group Home Nigga live like Deep Man The real, Like Mike, I I mother, I was, I Was an orphan, I was a Orphan, You know, You know the bag ain't hit yet but for sure. But to answer your question though, I gotta say Fast and Furious was fun as a motherfucker because that was my first attribute I ever did and that was like some different type of shit, You know what I mean? Like that's when I knew, I was like, okay hold on, I I I'm finally tasting like this Hollywood shit right quick.


Like this is crazy for me to be a part of such a big franchise. And then we did, Jess Lynn was the director album. That's what took on the, pretty much carry the whole entire franchise. And that was the third one was his first like directorial debut. Okay. So I say fast, fast is probably, and it's always fun 'cause I always be able to do crazy shit. They blowing up shit. The sets be crazy. Like it is, it's, it lit. I I fuck with Fast and Furious but I ain't gonna lie. The last one had me fucked up when that nigga hit when the Rock Hill the plane. And I say I heard Fast, I love you to death brother, but look, I don't believe that God bro look I'm gonna tell you what's keeping crazier. We in London filming, right? And, and when I got the script I was like okay, I I can't wait to see how this shit going to be.


So we get to the movie premiere and just be, and my manager, we sitting next to each other, we watching the movie, I'm like, yo, did I really just say Ludacris and this nigga Tyrese in our space, like this shit is getting crazy like that star. I was like, okay, we we we we take it to to to another place but we gearing up to do it again though be gearing up to do it again. I think the next one gonna be the last one and then it's gonna be a lot of spinoffs from that. So I mean, You know, our friendship, listen man, as long as Timem Cruise can get doing these motherfucking mission a possibles, we gonna keep doing these motherfucking Fast and Furious Fuck. At some point the mission gotta be finished. What is the mission thing? That's the thing. They Furious disease though. Shit. We got 23 say 11 now.


Yeah, yeah. Niggas, niggas don't even drive cars no More Fast and Furious. Nah, this it is different now. It's, we like action stars and shit. It, it is it done definitely transcend it past the street racing element, You know what I mean? But You know, I I'm hoping that we can get back to that element because it is a, You know, that underground street racing shit is some serious shit. It's, it's, there's definitely a big cult father. Most definitely. Obviously we know you first off tour. I wanna ask you what's some of the songs on that playlist where, You know the crowd really about to go up? Shit. All of them. Oh Yeah, I five. All of 'em. All of 'em. Especially like the older shit because You know, if you grew up with a nigga that, You know, a lot of cats be saying they go bow like Be Word Dog was the first album I ever got.


You know what I mean? So anytime I get a chance to go back and in my archive and do like the earlier shit, they always been, You know what I mean? From the first album to even like the mid adult battle shit from You know, the like yous and outta my systems and the the, I'm a flirts and the Let's Get Downs and it take you home to you be all fucking day naming all that shit. But Oh okay. Yeah, shit, it is real Got long speaks for us Real. It's real. You know what I mean? It shorty name thinking about his everything bangs pretty much. But it's all about how you sequence the records though. Like people don't understand like it's all about, you can't just say, man, I'm about to do all my hitch and they just gonna hit like that shit gotta flow. Like that's what people don't understand about tour. Like you could say I'm gonna do like you after that. I'm gonna do short that shit just don't, they might not coexist well.


Right. Going back to back. So I gotta really be careful and I'm the one that's really putting my shows together from the top all the way to bottom. So anytime you come to a millennium tour, anything that I'm a part of, anything I'm doing, that's for me doing that shit from the top to bottom. That's hard bro. I wanted to ask go, go, go, go, go. I wanted to ask bro, I was confused. Who found you? Snoop or jd? Snoop. So Snoop really Was really was Daz Daz was the first one for the do Yeah, Daz was because I was in Columbus. I was, that's, that's where everything happened. And I'm rapping at the chronic tour. I jump on the stage, crowd going crazy. I'm like five years old, six old. They throwing money on the stage. I'm, You know me, I dropped the mic, nigga I'm, I'm picking up the money. I'm like, yeah, I'm picking that up.


We need that. Yeah, I was on your side of time at that time I was, Hey nigga, hold on. I wasn't, they was throwing money that they turned into a sticker and I, I couldn't get shit at that time. So anytime I saw the money coming, we picking that up and then from there it was actually during the intermission it was AJ Johnson who played Eze on Friday. He was the mc on the chronic tour and he was like, man I got this little nigga out here and they're going crazy. And they was like, man you gotta come, You know dad, you gotta take it to the back. You need to go meet Snoop and Dr. Drake. And from there it was on. So once I went backstage, this infamous picture and motherfuckers gonna look it up, it's BI think I was like five years old. Snoop was like 18 or 19. I think D Drake might be like 22 was just us three in the pick.


I'm in the middle. And from that day it was over and then that nigga say, nigga your name gonna be Little Bow. Wow. 'cause they was calling me Lil, my original rap name was Kid Gangsta. And that nigga Snoop was like, nigga that thing don't fly it on. That's What it is. Terrible. Right. So he was like, everybody keep calling him Lil Snoop. Yeah. And I wanted to have his own identity. I don't want him to go around and be Lil Snoop, but he is me. But fuck that. I'm the big fo I'm the big dog. He the little dog. And that's how Kennedy, the nigga gonna be Lil Bow. That's gonna be you. That's Hard. Yo, that's a far Origin score. That's hard. Everything that's, bro, that's crazy. You been, you been listen since five nigga. That's fucking crazy. How old was you with that Tim Couch Jersey 13 okay's. You know that was be first.


I hated that nigga. He had a razor scooter nigga. Yeah. On Nigga Man. Can't even do no kick Flip nigga fuck this nigga gotta scoot. I wanna ask you a question. We talk about Discography. What's one song, obviously you, with jd, you were a lot of great producers. What's a hit that you passed on or you was like, damn, I coulda had that one? It's, it's crazy because Jermaine pretty much been like my, my, my main producer pretty much throughout my career. I mean Pharrell, the NEP episodes, I worked with Swiss. So yeah, it might've been maybe a short time of my career where I was started accepting records.


People like let me be more open and than producing Send shit. And I remember getting this beat and I knew this motherfucker was special and heard it. Good lord the direction I threw it. I'm like, all right, I'm gonna do it. But in the club, oh shit it Day. But for me it was pretty much like when I got this beat, I said, damn man, this motherfucker is so special. I just, I know it's for the ladies and that and that's what I do, but it ain't nothing really sticking like that. And I remember I just passed on the beat. Next thing You know About A couple months later, and I got two of these records too and I'm gonna tell you about, but this one was load as Flower Bar. That beat came to me and I just, I remember being in the studio forever.


I'm like, man, ain't nothing sticking. So my whole thing, I'm not a forceful writer. Like if there ain't nothing coming, like it's supposed to come natural. Like that shit supposed to just come so nothing, don't nothing come to me. I'm gonna pass on. And I'm glad I did because for it to go to mcg, Miguel and while later did a hell of a fucking job in a race, You know what I'm saying? And then the other one, this is gonna fuck y'all up. This is crazy. Polo da Don got the files and this is my, this is my brother. So I'm, I'm he fucked up and You know, he fucked up on this. I go in the studio, he playing me this crazy ass beat. It was like close to Christmas time. So I hit Gucci, I'm like, Gucci, hey you need to come slides to the studio, come do this. This shit Polo on this shit crazy. And at the time I'm coming on fresh as I'm in into so much other shit, I'm like, I need this sound like this is going to mature me and grow me.


Gucci come through, do the verse shit stupid. This nigga Polo called me on Christmas Eve like I fucked up. I'm like, what you, what you doing? Remember that beat I gave you on? I'm like, yeah, I gave it to Wayne. I said, what I like? He said, I forgot I be sending out so many beats. He said, you gonna have to call to and see a tune. Not gonna fuck with it. So I called Wayne and I said, Hey yo, this nigga Polo gave me this beat or a beat talking about he talking about, I'm like, I'm gonna just play it for you. Oh nah, fuck with that, that one M. So I'm like, all I go to shoot this movie, I turn on the radio, I'm in New York, car 97, all I hear is blow up the chop.


I'm like, it's December 31st. What Top birthday? Hit the hold on did that, me and Gucci had it first she was stupid. So you nobody And, and ro I don't even think Ross was on the record yet. So when I called to him it was like I reminded the nigga of the beat and the nigga went back and said Hold on nigga don't no. And threw Rose on that bitch and called Polo like, yo nigga, I'm keeping this nigga in the spot. And There it is. Si. That's a far record though. I gonna threw you on a remix though. Nah man. 'cause the look and Polo, I was actually gonna use it for the Versas. I was gonna fuck niggas up on the versa. When I battled Soldier, I was, I said Polo send me the fucking record, it's gonna send it in there through like, it's crazy. And another one too, me and Meek in the studio working on Stay scheming.


We had to be first. Damn damn, damn, Damn. You can look, you you could look that up on YouTube. That's live on YouTube right now. Sure. We had it first. Yep. We in Miami in the studio working on the beat together. Me and Meek. Thank you. Yep. That's, that's a record. Okay. So it is just crazy how like, how these produ like how these beats get submitted to artists and we all get 'em, You know what I mean? But it's, it is dope for me to even tell these stories because people was like, damn, what the fuck? Like what if that record wasn't what that was like, You know what I mean? It's so many artists that got them type of stories. Yeah. That you wouldn't even leave. But them, them the main three that really, really stick like close. And every time I hear them records I'm like, them shit's still in my email too. Yeah, you got all the hits though.


You got enough cattle outta Fuck that nigga. I'll phone it them nigga shit I won. Stay Stevie. I I'm Aary record. It definitely was. It definitely was. And of course that's the first time you hear, so anytime you hear for the first time, that's gonna be your your first judgment though. But me, we we, we went kind of crazy though, but I'm happy with they turned away and turned off though. And definitely everybody's talking about the battle between K dot and Dre, but the original battle back in the days when people was on Skype. Yes sir. I'm a after that. That was crazy. That was crazy. And we had these niggas gone hear these niggas go, man, then When you Messy here we go. He was out of pocket. Here we go.


And You Know what's crazy? I told somebody this shit. Yo yo Jay, you about to crack up laughing this remember how the video had the sound effects the thunk? Yeah. You know we editing that. Who me? Oh listen, on everything I love, listen on everything I love. I thought I was doing something I'm gonna say about to edit this motherfucker. This shit gonna be the hard look nigga. Like I added all that shit and I was like, yeah, but that this, yeah that was, that was a funny time though. Well you see that now, like what do you think? Like, I know you probably laugh but it's funny as hell. But you, you probably laugh like a motherfucker when you see shit, You wanna know why laugh so much Because That was the stupidest shit probably about the dumbest shit that I tell the funniest part about make it fun is I was dead the fuck serious though.


Like that. That's, that's what make it worse. I know. Like I was dead the fuck serious. And what makes it even funnier is, well I can say it now. One of the guys's actually in the back is a brother of mine who actually happens to be Chris Brown's manager. So it's funny how, how shit, how time flies and how time really passes. But that video will always be legendary though. It will always be legendary. That was a, that was a, that was a crazy ass. That was a moment. Yeah. Being soldier. We got some beer shit. That's my dog shout out to Drake on one time. One time, one time. What's more classic that or the bow? Wow. Challenge Me a soldier because that's a period like you got, it was you got But so Chad, you had niggas going crazy with the, I love how you embraced everything bro.


No Bro. You know what happened though? What? Some real shit. It did affect me like that because first of all, when I did it right, this real shit, You know I, I think because I'm gonna tell y'all I'm in New York, I had to go to New York and do press. So I'm on the plane actually flying. So when I get to New York, My mama called me and said, what the fuck did you do? And I was like, what you talking about? And I'm watching the playoffs. I'm in the role watch playoffs talking. Said somebody played the fuck did you do so I ain't do shit. Fuck. He like, so now everybody calling on my phone so I don't even understand how big this shit was. And so I got back home that letter and I was in my basement and I was just chilling watching the playoffs and my fucking phone just kept going crazy. Then I saw Snoop, I'm like, damn, supposed my up, this nigga trolling me 50, the homie 50 trolling me.


So I'm like, okay, y'all niggas playing on me now we about to go get like 20 planes this year. Y'all niggas about to be fucked up. So oh God, Oh God, You feel me? But You know, for me it was just, You know the shit that rappers do every rapper lie. If you don't believe me about that one then You know I just got caught that day. That was a Wild, I I I fuck with that though because I can't wait to lie. What we put Vince Mo right on the side, that motherfucker. I want to ask, what's the artist bro now who? The actor that you'll love to do a movie or a record that you wanted to touch bases with you? Mo Ahoo off the top Don Cheek, Don Off the Top.


That's my favorite actor of all time. Don Okay. A musician. Brit Fires. I'm, I'm always like a, Like the connection always happens with a, with a, with a RB single on a record. And I, when I collab it's, it's pretty much going do what it's supposed to do. Facts. And for me, I think my goal and I even think, I think one of my homies, he been told me like, yo bro, I would just do an album with every RB that in the game. Like you always win with that. Don't give a fuck if it's a TPA hook, a Chris Brown feature or a ion feature motherfucker like whoever it is, bro. Like it just, it sticks. You know what I mean? That's why I'm glad I got one with Jaqui. Me and Tre just got on tour, me and Tre but in the studio cooking up a lot.


But Bri Fez is somebody who I really, really fucked with. I'm a fan of his music. I fuck Woody nice to bro. Yeah, but, but he's definitely on the top of the list. I sure some sure myself.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the forklift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og cool rush for yourself. So we all made mistakes, right? But on it up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one Miss anti Sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about, head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself


Made for this mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


A lot of times the big economic forces we hear about on the news show up in our lives in small ways. Three Or four days a week I would buy two cups of banana pudding but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one. The demand curve in action. And that's just one of the things we'll be covering on everybody's business. From Bloomberg Business Week, I'm Max Chapkin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Every Friday we will be diving into the biggest stories in business, taking a look at what's going on, why it matters, and how it shows up in our everyday lives With guests like Business Week editor, Brad Stone, sports reporter, Randall Williams and consumer spending expert, Amanda Mull will take you inside the board rooms, the back rooms, even the signal chats that make our economy tick. Hey, I wanna learn about V chain and I wanna buy some blockchain or whatever it is that that they're doing. So listen to everybody's business on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star studded a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne for Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug Van Benny, the Butcher Brent Smith from Shinedown got be Real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine, Corvette. MMA fighter Liz, Kara Moosh, what We're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcast.


I don't even have a question for you. More or less a salute because like you said, you've been that nigga since we was kids. We see a lot of people who grow up in Hollywood, grew up in fan, they don't always end up the same as adults. Right. But for you to navigate to be who you are, that's dope. But how was that growing up with all that type of notoriety and just still having to be in a, a regular person? Well, Shout out to my mama. I got a black mama so You know, my mama ain't shout sharing those shit. Yeah, yeah, definitely. Having my mama in my quarter, that played a a a, a big role. You know, You know what I'm saying? Into my career and, and not only that, but just for me, just based on what you said, for me, I always studied the ones who came up from me who fucked up. So I be watching them like now I know what not to do because if I slipped down that hole, that's what that's gonna be me.


So I'll be learning from motherfuckers making their own mistakes. But You know, I give all credit to my mom so like without her, like she was like the launch of pack into this shit and that kind of prepared me mentally. And then of course me having the legends in my corner, having a snoop, having a Chae Dree. Yeah. And just, You know, even a Nelly, You know what I mean? Where I consider like a, a big brother to these is niggas that's gonna pull up and fight me if I'm outta control if I'm on the internet. Wild. That's why a nigga been on his best behavior this past couple of years. 'cause I, I understand what it is and I understand my brand and I understand who I am and, and it take real big homies a come to you man and then bring your ass down here one time and let You know what you been fucking up on. And and I got a lot of people that love it outside the game. They here inside the game and they don't want, they ain't gonna let me, they ain't gonna let me fall.


So Yeah, I'm sure I gotta tell a I had me and you had a, a fun moment one day cause like see what's up. Nah, that's cool. That's crazy. But we was out one night in Houston. It was me, you I was playing with Boston. We was in Houston. It was Covid time nigga. I know it. Oh, I know. The mayor sat tell when The mayor, when the mayor trying to kick me out. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So we had a good time and I was like, this is when I knew like I was like, yo, he a different famous. So You know, I'm playing on the Celtics, this jt, JB all them. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


It was at camp. Yeah. And I said, damn, he walked through and no offense, but like 50 girls ran behind him. I said yeah, he a different famous. They roll, They roll with Us. See? Oh my fault. I didn't know you brought him to the porch. I a seen him running behind you. And I looked at Jason and I was like, you got a lot of money but you don't got that. And he was like, I'm about to go get that. I got shake that nigga. Hey, well my mama JT came over to the section. Y'all didn't fuck. Pulled Up. Yep. Pulled up. I fucked with jt, man. That's my dog, man. Like that's, that's family. Even you bringing that up, man. And I wish my boy was speed recovery too. I told him, I told him I'm go to big time, gonna fuck with even check on him while he down.


But yeah, that's my dog, man. And dude, that was, that was a, that matter of fact was crazy. That was me and Soulja Boy after partying to the Millennium Tour. That was one of the craziest nights at Camp Houston for sure. That shit was crazy. It was going Up. I I wasn't there for long. That's right. You left Pee somewhere out here. I but there you get your ass sold somewhere. Nah, he got up outta of it early. I wanna ask you, bro, how did the Millennium tour start, bro? Who originated That? Yeah, it originated, I'm gonna be real Gary, You know what I mean? It all started with Gary. That's to promote him to BPC. You know, Gary, theyd, they came up with this concept to, You know, bring back that vibe again.


You know what I mean? The screen sort of started with me, You know what I mean? That's, that's my shit. A sta a stamp, a staple. And that was the first and pretty much the Millennium tour was kind of like the spinoff from that, You know what I mean? And the first one was 2019 with B 2K. And I felt that, You know, it wasn't my time to do it yet. I felt that the fans and, and me understanding her audience, that the Beat 2K reunion was their time and it had to happen for them. And it was, I didn't want to take away from the moment, the moment was too big and I set it out and I just watched every artist from that, from our time just get the tweet and they was so pissed like, man, why the fuck y'all ain't calling me? Why the fuck? I'm like, nigga y'all ain't bigger than B 2K nigga.


The girls wanna see motherfucker B 2K. These niggas only come outside of you 25 years together. So if they could catch 'em one time, they gonna catch 'em. And then I came out, Ariana had brought me out as a special guest, shit went crazy And that's when they already, what's up? They gotta call the dog. Yeah, they gotta call the dog. Ain't no way you doing anything Millennial without a meal or a Chris Brown involved in that motherfucker. It is just, it ain't going to work like that. Like that. You know what I mean? Like I Wanted to hear him talk a little shit. It's the truth. We, we sold the boast from our millennial. We got the most hits out of the millennial is us too. And I knew the car was gonna come and when it came, I took the opportunity, the Mario came back and he co he co-head lied with you and then Gary like we got running back again.


I'm like, damn nigga we going three times in a row. Here we going again. And that was when me, Trey, Ammar, rose and everybody else. And, and how this one came about was, You know, I put the call in the trigger. I called T Trigger myself. 'cause Trey wasn't picking the phone for niggas, he was not picking up the phone. He was not entertaining at the tour at all. Right. And Gary was like, yo, I need you to put your business hat on and I need you to put this call there. I put the call there. I said Yo Trey, I need you the headline. He is a headline. I don't nigga, oh nigga you headline this, this your shit. I said, nah nigga, I'm, I'm on some mother type of shit right now. I'm like, I need you to do this. You know I don't got time for the, for the ego shit one. That's why I fuck with Tri, You know what I mean? Just put some positive touches on my nigga.


Right. Nigga Solid came on the tour. Did this thing rocked out? Yeah. One of the best tour partners I think I ever had in my career understands what, what, what it take. And, and I, we can be able to, to do this shit again. You need to run the back. I can't bring B 2K then. Aint too fraud. Nah, Nah, we we got some shit cooking on that works. I, I can't really speak on it too much but it's something big going down in December as, as of now. Something real big on down Paul. Hey it Boy. What's that nigga's name over there? I don't know. Nope. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. Nigga ran me out the pocket. There you go. He ain't ready for no tour man. Hey look, believe It or not though, while we here just Shooting and shit, That nigga low key is like the motherfucker very smart when it come to defend up.


Like oh for sure he done motherfucker that's in the office with gearing them putting this shit together though. So I, I, I gotta give it to, I give it to Raz on that Point now let me have that. That's cool. Alright gig out. I trying to clean this shit up man. Y'all don't watch these two niggas that boom tonight man I, that's a wild back quarter. I'm back court. Crazy. That's right. So now speaking of your family, you got an address for your cousin Put s Smart on Bow Wow. Name man your cousin Orlando. Hey that's my cousin for real. That's a real blood cousin that my, that's his real blood cousin second cousin Bond. So he be tripping sometimes Words nigga. That's some cousin real he said he was and I think he was geeking.


Hey listen man, he nigga he he he be wild. He trying to go wow man that's my cousin. Excuse me, excuse my family bro. Nah he good man. He good man. Yeah man we, he makes mistakes of life. Nah no man wild nigga this fade with Orlando. I'm trying to save you from that bro. I know his niggas bro. If y'all see my cousin out bro you big as he yo bro don't beat his man. Nah, He, he, he good man. Okay. Ain't nobody to anticipate. Yeah he tweet he Ain't affected that. No. Yeah, Yeah he told me he was gonna beat me up one day. I say run for what the fuck he fucked that nigga let Don nigga you gotta meet his chill as family bro.


I ain't gonna lie. Right The first time I said man I want fail, I gonna fuck fit in so bad. I see this nigga. I swear to God like I was hot at first and then I'm like when am I gained it outta this shit Like he be tweaking bro. Don't worry about that. No but I'm like what am I gonna gain out of it? Nothing Like it's like you gonna sue me like I ain't getting nothing outta that shit. Then I feel like the people make this man, You know that nigga crazy. The motherfucker about you get no points off that nigga like so it's like a lose lose either way it goes. So I said some shit you just gotta let let shit slide. But that nigga keep playing nigga I'm a, I'm apologizing, I'm cuff playing. Get a larger, I'm gonna call him knife man call him knife man.


Nah he really going, he really gonna beat my nigga up man. Like I want. Alright fuck that nigga. He say one more thing, I'm letting Slide nigga let Slide, I'm gonna call him tonight man. Nigga say one more thing nigga you seen grabbed the mic with funny the nigga it man. Yeah That nigga be tripping but You know what and all honesty though, the nigga, the nigga really talented over and I and I I said it's race thing, You know what I'm saying? Like the nigga's really funny. Like I just feel like if somebody really gave a nigga a real opportunity and put him in a situation, a real active situation that he Sean or a real movie wrong, I don't give a fight just anything. You know what I'm saying? I always said that shit. 'cause if them motherfuckers naturally funny though.


Yeah it was naturally funny. I give it to you, get My nigga together may already thought your cus Yeah we hear you talking but we get 'em together. Oh My god. Second Cus Though through marriage though, let keep it real. Oh so it don't count? No it's through marriage. God this is okay, go ahead y'all that up. I, You know. Nah, I wanna talk to you about hooping though bro. Let, let's do it like did you play coming up? Was that one of the things was you Yeah, Yeah Sports was first.


Yeah, sports was first, You know what I mean, just growing up in Columbus, You know we got the Gus Smacker out there. I know y'all know Gus Smack, You know you smack, I played in the Gus Smacker a couple times growing up from there. We got smacked, we got smacked up. We was terrible and I was famous too. That's like first album album I went back to the city got in that shit. We got in like at air so hot as fuck. You know how that shit be. It's like a field courts, they give you a map, you gotta try to locate your court like it was just too much. But growing up for sure like basketball was my everything. Like I, I honestly felt like damn I, I had a chance So I said damn a nigga is almost grown and I just stopped abroad, it's just not going to happen for me. And then I watched, I saw Jerry McGuire and I said I know I can't play the game I could play but I said I know I probably can't play physically but I wanna be a part of the gang somehow.


You know what I mean? And I said damn it, I wanna be a sports agent For sure. Who was one of the coolest entertainers you've seen Hooped Up What? Right Prince. Hey I and I know y'all probably heard stories I hate to keep. Oh what's I hate to keep bringing this nigga name up but the first person because I could save so many people that she'll be like this. Oh yeah, well we know he could play. Nah boo, That nigga r Kelly could play. He good at, I don't care what niggas Kelly's come on. Hey r Kelly is the greatest For the shot. Hey this Yeah Robert, Robert did that shit. R Kelly.


This lady, yo, Lemme tell you something about this nigga on, hey look this is a legend because I know this shit gonna go everywhere 'cause I, I don't know if nobody even told the story. I remember one time this a funny ass shit. Right, this nigga, so this nigga Chris right, This nigga Called me, the nigga Brown. Brown called me like, yo bro, what you doing this weekend? I said nigga, I got a studio session with r Kelly. That nigga Chris never met Ke. So he like, shit, I'm free nigga I'm coming let Chicago to come fuck with y'all. Then I'm, I'm I I I'm, I wanna, I I I wanna meet him like, I'm like cool, come on, come down. We working on, I'm a flirt. So the nigga kills. It's probably like one in the morning nigga. Like we going to the gym.


We about to, we about to go play basketball right now. We about to go to the gym. We really go to the gym. It's probably two in the morning. I swear to God. I never seen niggas play 5 0 5. But it was like playing 5 0 1. 'cause every time a nigga got the rebound on kill team is pastor the kills pastor, the kills pastor The kills. Every time one of his niggas get a rebound. You had to pass the ball to a Brian. Am I lying? You got to pass it to this nigga. And I'm talking about this nigga is walking up the court shooting from half. These niggas rebounding it if you get it again. They kicking it back out to R Kelly. Nah, He saying I Swear Like no one you shooting you, you. Oh he Said I know exactly. Yep. He said you can listen nigga you hold on nigga you was at the house.


I'm talking about you said yo, you at the pool. What nigga? Ah, like me and this nigga, me and this nigga breezing me and this bitch like y'all nobody can shoot on this nigga team but him. This nigga's incredible. But this, he, he one the top and but but be making this shit though. That's what's Oh he was hitting. Oh yeah. So he going crazy right now. Yeah nigga third and if he did miss on the yard, I ain't saying that. Like that Excuse this nigga man. Hey play off your No, no funny shit though. How is that working with him to the studio? I, because we don't get no r Kelly stories at all on our pods man.


The niggas like a musical fucking genius bro. Facts, like, You know, shout out to Lil Ronnie. He, he the one who produced Same girl and he did, I'm a flirt for us and we, You know what I mean? When he did the record we was at the house and I was stuck like again, like sometimes as writers, as rappers, we get writer's block, I, we write so much shit that she'll start rewriting the same shit. Like what the fuck? So Right. I took a break, the nigga Kes called like, like what you feeling? I'm like man shit, I know it's gotta be for the ladies. Like it's me and you like it's gotta be for the ladies and I got you. Gimme gimme like 15 minutes. Motherfucker called back and go, it's a boy. And I was like what nigga like you kid. He said nah, no, nah, nah nah it's a boy, it's a boy.


He said what? He said we got a hit and it's a vote. The nigga pressed play on that motherfucker. Boom, it I'm a flirt. Damn no cap. Like in a 10 to five minutes the nigga did the hook, sent it back and the rest was sitting. That's hard bro. Yeah you thought you working with a lot of people bro. Yeah, tons of people. Tons. Who the hardest worker that you have seen? The studio. The hardest worker I seen in the studio or like the hardest person to work with in the studios. The hardest worker period over this question. Actually we don't want you telling on nobody. I would probably say the motherfuckers that live in the studio, Jermaine Dupree, he lives in the studio.


Wayne. Yeah, the time I spent that cash money. Yeah. Wayne is very reliable. You could, you, you, you can rely on Wayne. When I was at Cash Money, his room is room A I'm room C. If I'm working on some shit I can go right out in the parking lot, walk right over to the other right ahead factory. Give it a tool. Hey I need you on this one. He ain't gonna question it. He ain't going. He only gonna say this is you on say less. He gonna find it. So I swear to God that nigga gonna walk that bitch right back over to you in 10 minutes. Damn. And it's gonna be probably one of the throw verses you probably ever earned at least one of 'em. Who else go crazy in the studio?


What about Chris? Me and Brown kind of work the same like we gotta have some parties going on like You know it ain't just y'all like Him. Yeah like, like, Like Our shit is different. Like, like Wayne ain't Wayne ain't partying In the studio. Hold on. Be I don't wanna fuck up this story. Well go ahead and say what you was trying to say. Promote the Hendrick experience. Well say that first nigga though. I'm saying like this is Chris Brown and I ain't no telling what these niggas is doing. You talking about this like hell, I don't wanna know what, I just seen some reports the other day. Shut down this stay here. What's the vibes though? So y'all got ladies in there? Yeah, it is just, I think for any artist that's a part of the lifestyle that really live a culture that really live in heat and breed this shit and we knew from the nightlife experience to being on stage and just really inherited what come with this type of shit.


This energy me, Chris and, and You know a a drizzy and certain niggas that got that fan base, You know like no them niggas got motion. Like yeah just straight motion and our studio sessions reflect that. It's hard for me to make a female popping club record without, with just being my engineer in there. Like we can't do this and the women be letting me know Yeah, what's and shit without letting me know just by them vibing and the drinks going around and they repeating certain shit. I'm like, oh yeah we got us one. Look at all. Look at all 20 of them every 20. Look at all 20. Look at it. They dancing the hookah going and shit. They fucking with This. Well hold on. The Hendrick experience don't be like that. They be all four. So all four them be popping two ass.


I swear to God. Don't worry, they'll talk after this. You but you nigga, but you, you gotta have 'em, you gotta have 'em vibes man. So You know that's, that's just me. I can't, You know, certain records. Yeah I don't want nobody in this too but with it but when I'm about to get it cracking and make some popping and shit like a use me track me a brown guy. Yeah. Yeah. It it's, it is HOA going on. There's definitely some shots going on and it is just a vibe like we just vibing off for sure. Sure, Definitely appreciation whole for Real. Hell Yes, most definitely. One time make some noise with Bow. Wow. Pulling up to the city one side for us. Come on man. We outside tonight Right? We outside tonight. Where we at tonight? Be here. We at Moon and though Are you coming out tonight? Yo ass ain girl. Oh, on camera where shit at?


I think so. Yo, you, You, me. That ain't good. That ain't good. You aint only said you had 20 s. Nah, but that's me though. That ain't like you just there. You got probably a feather flo together. I got you. I got Hey, when a nigga do this aint the boys in your life. I like being married. Got got a millennium tool. Her. No, I'm just playing. I wanna be out. She gonna be out with you too. So that was bullshit. We outside tonight. Listen, we appreciate y'all, we so time for Boost smoking.


We appreciate y'all for sponsoring Smart Good back nine. Appreciate y'all for having this little ad sports for the Love and the Black forces. We about to turn it up the rest of the time. Gotta Enjoy ourselves. Get some drinks. Yeah. Child at the bartender D day string. Let's Get it. The volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine nine nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months plus $800. Trade. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% A PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in and additional terms apply.


The Made for This Mountain podcast exists to empower listeners to rise above their inner struggles and face the mountain in front of them. So during mental health awareness month, tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing, and then climb that mountain. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the struggle. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Lot of times big economic forces show up in our lives in small ways. Four Days a week I would buy two cups of banana pudding, but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one Small but important ways from tech billionaires to the bond market to yeah, banana pudding if it's happening in business. Our new podcast is on it. I'm Max Chasten. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. So listen to everybody's business on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're Listening to an iHeart podcast.