
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts


At Ritual Mother's Day is kind of a big deal and we are celebrating accordingly. Find your ritual. If mom needs a bit of stress relief, digestive support, or is looking to support glowy smooth skin, do it today with 40% off your first month for a limited time at ritual.com/podcast. That's R-I-T-U-A l.com/podcast. For 40% off your first month, these statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


Well, I'm gonna get you and Cat together, have a conversation. I'm gonna be there. I don't trust you. I agree with you. Yeah. And I shouldn't be trusted. Yeah, no. Because I know if you own some unmanly with me, I'm gonna sock you All my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of dice, the squat. All my life. I be grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. The price. Won a slice. Got the roll of D the all my life. I grinding all my life.


Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Sheshe. I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the proprie of Club Shesha. Today we are Helico underground at Resort World Las Vegas. Stopping by for conversation on a drink. Today is one of the internet's most popular comedian. He has one of the most watched comedy special ever on YouTube. He was once named Comedy Central's, number one comic to watch the New York Times. Called him the comedy's best storyteller, A highly acclaimed veteran of standup, prolific writer, successful entrepreneur, confident artist, a com comedic genius, a great orator, commentator, producer, host, author, public speaker that tours nationwide coming all the way from age time. Let's give it up for a comics comic. Mr.


Ali Sadid. How You doing? My brother? Appreciate you stopping me Back, brother. Age time. How Was that? That that was great, man. That was great. You, you put a lot in there. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You know, we like to make sure we give our guests when they come, they take time outta their busy schedule to grace us with their presence. We wanna make sure we give them what they've earned. Not what you deserve, but what you've earned. Yes. And everything that I read off this card, you've earned it, bro. Yeah. Thank you brother. Thank You. I know you, you got off that brown a little while ago, so we going, we going talk Man. Yeah, I can man. That brown is different, man. That different is different Because see, I thought it was the gin because see, when I was growing up, people tried this to people don't, they got a anger when they was on that seagram, that tanga ray. Then they turned that Bombay, that beef feeders, that that gardens.


But now it's the brown Man. It's that he seed all, all that brown is, is difficult. You know what I saying? It Look at you. I'm telling you that brown is different, man. It it is different. It is different. It, it, it, it give you a little extra. It Gives, gives, gives give you an extra boost. You like, just wanna fight. Huh? I Hey, I don't, was you on that brown when you was with the Memphis Grizzlies? You got No, I Wasn't on that. No. If I was on that brown, it went down. Hey, brot be lying To you. Hey, lemme tell you something. I don't know. You had on a oversized sweater. Yeah. Yeah. And your back muscles was still showing on the tv. I said, man, this is what they don't want. I mean, I went dark, man.


You ever been in a situation when you go dark? Like, I don't remember a whole lot. I just remember getting back. The security took me back and it's like, you okay? You okay? You okay? And I remember thinking to myself, why y'all keep asking me? Am I okay? Hey man. Because when, I don't know if you did, you go back and watch it? Yeah. No, I really haven't paid attention. I hadn't watched it Since. Yo, you got, you got up and I'm, this, this game is loud. I'm like, yeah, What Is, what is y'all Doing? Yeah, Man. And I don't know what was said to you, but you didn't agree with it. I, I forgot. I forgot that. You know, sometimes you forget you in public that you say something. You're like, damn, I should, I shouldn't have said, I should said that. I've done it. I've done it several times. I, You know, my, my whole team is here.


'cause they know I generally get into it with athletes. Really? Because y'all be tripping. How man, man, You know, y'all aggressive. No, man, I done got into it with so many athletes that I'm getting ready to do a special called conflict. That's how many anthes I done got into with just because y'all like somebody asked you for a picture. Yeah. Are you, are you a picture taker? It all depends on what time. Much time I got on. What, where you at and what Time. Right, right. And I'm like that as well. So the thing, I, I don't like taking pictures when I'm with my kids. Right. Okay. If I'm out with my family, man, go on. You see I'm out with my family. Right. And I understand that. But if you in the luggage store. Yeah. And I see you, man, me and Patrick Ewing. I see Pat, I'm a big fan.


I had the, the s and everything. The big the big suitcase. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. With the 3,300. I said, excuse me Mr. Yuan, you think I can get a picture? That man looked at me like I was small. Even though I'm small. Yeah. Yeah. And, and I walked out. The luggage store Felt even smaller And I couldn't, I couldn't take it. I came right back in. Come on. See you doing too much, Ali? What you doing too much? I had to come back in there and let it know How I felt. I had them big shoes. Man, you gonna take this with me? I had that part when you was in Georgetown? I I, I went off on Pat and he was looking at me like, man, what is wrong with lil daddy, man? Because you didn't wanna take no picture. And Then did he take a picture? No. Nah, man, Security. Security put me out. You doing too Much. I, I'm getting escorted out of the Galleria, Bro.


How you get, how you get escorted outta a luggage store? Messing with Pat? Messing with Pat? No, but sometimes fans do do too much. I was in, I was at, where was that? JFK last week. And a dude just walked up to me, put his arm around me and said, let's get this selfie. Oh yeah. He Didn't, he didn't ask. Excuse me, Mr. Sharp, can I, can we take a picture together? Or sometimes they just get ruled with it. We gonna take this picture, man. We Are this Nigerian brother in the Adidas store. I'm in the Adidas store. That man hugged me. I said, bro, let me go before I bite you in your face. He like, you would just have to bite me. I'm a huge fan man. I said, bro, this boy.


And I couldn't do nothing. 'cause he was, he was, he have, I don't even know why my arms was down. I don't even know they was down. So you say you get on that brown thing happen when you were younger, you just Yeah. And you said that's all you drank was a double shot of that Double shots of hens. I I never had a single shot. I was, I star with doubles. You, You ain't have it on the rocks? No straight. Hold on. You drinking warm hands? Yes. Yeah. You trying to do something? You trying to test some stuff up? I It, the ball is, do it come, is it? No. That's why you gotta get put it on the rocks. You gotta take some of that bite out of it. Okay. If it's on the rocks, what's the difference? It gonna make, It's a little cooler. No it ain't. It's a little cooler. I'm telling you. No, it aint, I'm tell you, it's a little cooler. I've been drinking Hennessy.


I used to drink Hennessy. I, I'm talking about since I was, I think I started, that was my first right. Nah, st. Ye's. Oh, That I know. I drank a lot of things that, that, that Thunderbird with Kool-Aid in it. My first, I think it was just, Well we really didn't have no money back then. 'cause you drinking a Thunderbird Green bottle. Green Green bottle. What's the price? A dollar twice. Mad Dog. 2020. Yes. And Man, that a wine. Those was drinking though. Ali. But, but that, what else? I didn't know. Nobody, I Didn't know no other drinks. If You, you get that, that Jubilee. Okay. You get that Jubilee, that and that go live. Yeah. Then you start drinking. I remember they came out with the 64 beers.


At first I was just drinking a 40, You know what I'm saying? Then my, my partner would drink a 40 then put J what? JW Wellers in there. JB Weller. He'll put that. It's a boiler maker. Okay. Now we drinking beer and liquor at the same time. So that's what really st I was, and I used to be, I used to be to up and I used to be to, and I had to apologize to your People. But you drink it, you of a, of a man that small in stature. You drink it like you six eight. Hold on Shannon. What you mean small and sta But I'm saying, and I'm a big dude. I mean, I, I'm give I'm gonna give you, I'ma be generous. I'm gonna give you 5, 6, 5, 7. But you drank like you six. I need that. I need that. I need that extra like five, seven. But I was what, 1 33?


Nah, I, I wasn't there. I wasn't that. When I went to prison, I buy 1 15, 1 20. Yeah. And you out there trying to boss up Man, Shane, I was a, I was a, I was a, but see that, that's the thing. When you box you. Oh, so you a boxer? Yeah. Okay. So it, I I'm really never been scared of. So you speak with 'em hands, huh? Nice with 'em and my feet. See, boxing is in the feet. Yeah. But see the thing is when You know that you ain't scared of nobody. I had a grandmother that wouldn't let you run from nothing. So you had the, you ain't no running Right. So you got the box. So it, it don't matter the numbers. 'cause my grandmother, man, I remember these guys were trying to jump on me. And I went home. My sister was like, what's wrong with you?


I said, some boys out there trying to jump on me. My sister said, you gotta go back out there. Huh? I said, I said, did you hear what I said? Some, some boys is trying to jump on me. Right. She called my grandma, my grandma. I get on the phone. I said, put 'em on the phone. I said, what's going on girl? You tell me what's going on? I said, some boys out there trying to jump on me. She said, how many is it? I said, about eight. They scared Because it's that many of 'em. You said what? They scared How many, how many do you have? I said, just me. He said they scared. Now you go out there and you show them motherfuckers why they shouldn't be fucking with you. And my Sister, she gased you up with 'em out There? My sister walked out there with me and said, Hey, I ain't, I ain't gonna let nobody get behind you. And she was right.


They was scared. See if you, Once you teed off on one of 'em. Oh it no, don't even run because I'm, I'm chasing you down. Now my thing is, if you got a bunch of people with you, you only talking 'cause you got a bunch of people. Correct. Just like with dudes with all these crews. If I show up, I got a problem with you. I'm gonna show up by myself and, and we going to da, we going to dance. I don't care how many people you got with you because you're scared. Not me. You know what I'm saying? I done lost before and I done won before. So it, it, it's, I don't have no, no rules to that. It's no person that's ever got in a fight with me that wanna fight me again. That's what you, even if they, even if they won, they don't wanna fight me again. They be like, nah, I'm cool. I'm cool that that. 'cause that's a hard way to go.


So when I, that's A hard w huh? Yeah. When I went to, when I went to prison. Oh man, I'm in your mouth so fast. They like, yo lil daddy right there got them hands, bro. And I'm, and I'm like, I'm 51 now and I'm still in the gym. You still In the gym getting it in Still in the, still in the gym. Getting it in. So what, so what was the craziest night? Okay. You normally be on that, that hand. So what's the craziest thing that happened to you one night? Oh man. I gotta apologize to Carl Thomas. Man. Call, call. Hold on. Not call Martin. No, that's called paint. Okay. Call, call Thomas the, the singer. The singer. Come On. How you beat up? I didn't beat up Carl Thomas. I didn't beat up Carl Thomas.


Call Thomas. I am. This is how crazy it was. I'm host, I'm at this club called a Roxy and they give me the hostess concert. Carl Thomas is in concert and they, they in in the thing in the rules. Ali, you cannot have a drink until after 12 o'clock. 'cause they knew I used to be on them double shots of Henry. Oh Man. Ow. My partner Steve nicest DJing and Carl is supposed to be on at 11 o'clock. So I ain't drink nothing. 12 o'clock come. I ain't drink nothing. Car show up late 1215. I start drinking car get there at 1245.


Oh I am three, four doubles down. Oh Lord. I'm in the DJ booth and I'm in there. I'm lit too. I'm in there lit fast. I'm lit fast. And I had just performed with Carl Thomas the night before in Dallas. Oh. I ain't say nothing man. They say, hey, call ready to perform. I go right on stage. Hey y'all, listen here, call is finally here. Mr. Summer ran. You don bust the man out like that. No, He, I say, I'm just saying he finally here. Okay. Hey y'all getting ready for the concert, y'all give it up for recording. Artists call Times. And he walking on stage.


I said, damn Carl, you got the Same Gucci pants on last night. This see it, gimme this goddamn murder. And I, and I know Frankie Beverly wear the same stuff that White bless his soul, Bless his soul. I performed with him a lot. He, but man, I didn't have to say that you did about call time Carl see me two years later in Harlem, in this, in this club. My boy doing this club. He wanted, Hey man, let me introduce you to one of my partners. We walk in is Carl Thomas and Carl, look at me. I don't want, I don't like this. We've made up sense in, because he live in Houston. Right man.


Ah, that's my partner now. But he, he remember that night I said that about them Gucci pants. Now somebody can say that about me now I wear Gucci all the time. Right. But not, not, not the same. Back to bang. Not back to back. Not saying Nothing. So lemme ask you this. What makes people, what makes people get more violent? The double shot of he or the Mexican margaritas Double shot's. A he double shots. A he that, that, that Mexican margarita. Oh. I don't know what's in it. But this is a fight in Houston that they won't even serve you more than two of them. That's it. They, they, you, you can't even trick nobody into getting you another one. Oh.


It's, it's, it's crazy. And I, I have drank two of them. Right. And thought I had left, thought I had left still in that parking lot. Sun beaming through that. And this is when I'm, man, I'm to down. I don't know what's in it. Everything is in it probably. But it's, it's crazy. So lemme ask you this. Were you, when you tried to holler at Lil Kim, were you on that double shot hand? I Was on that hand. Well, of it had a Hennessy IV And you just walked. So how you, so how you approach Lilke? Man, I, I, I'm with, I'm with Bad boy Dday ain't there. Okay. This ain't no Diddy party. Okay. We, we in Amnesia in Miami.


Okay. I had been, I had been, I had been drinking all day. Me, Sean Perez GT been, I had been drinking all day. The, I knew I was tripping 'cause I had came out of Gloria Stefan's restaurant. Okay. Walking out and running into Quincy Jones. Grabbed Quincy Jones. 'cause he, with he with two bad foreign white girls. And I grabbed that. I said, you look cold as Crap because y'all man, and I'm, I'm drinking all day. Get to the spot. Shine is the former because this is right before Sean about to go to jail. Right, right. You know what I'm saying?


He has a show in Houston coming up the next week when we there. I see Lil Kim and I had just read in this article that Kim say she like regular dudes. And at this time I'm a regular dude. That's you and man, I see Kim, I tell my partner and I say, Hey, I'm finna go holler at Little Kim. He said, for what? I said, 'cause she like regular dudes. That's me. Everybody bigger than you. I'm coming through. Excuse me, partner. Lemme start through. Hey, hey man, get to this big, her biggest body. He got his hand in my chair. He said, look Daddy, when you going? I said, I'm Finn holler Lil Kim. She like regular dudes.


He started laughing. He said that I get right over there and say the wildest ever said in my life, I get right in Kim face. I said, biggie dead. What we doing? If them didn't me outta that club, Lord, of all the things you could have said, Hey, hey Kim. Hey, hey, my name is Ali. I just wanna holler at you. How you doing? I heard you like regular dudes. I'm your regular, I I'm your guy that you looking for. That's what you came up with. That That's all I had. It was the Hennessy. It wasn't me. I apologized. Kim wasn't me. Saw again on the Tom Joiner cruise and up mouse was like, Ali don't you start that shit. Leave it alone. I said, I don't even drink no more. I don't even drink the, I don't even drink that is it no more. I'm good man.


But she was, man, I was, I was wild on that Hennessy. I was a wild Man. You drink anything now or you don't drink at all or you get away from the brown? It's just the brown that you stay away from. I stay away from the brown. I like water. But I will partake in a margarita here and there. And don't nobody get in trouble on no margaritas. But it's Tequila and margaritas. Not, Not when you had one, But if your, your problem wasn't a double shot. It was the problem. You just couldn't have one double shot. It was 2, 3, 4 Double shots. It was the, it was the Hennessy. Hennessy is a problem. I it is. No. Okay. I, okay. Name all the pleasant stories you ever heard on Hennessy. All Hennessy stories started. Man, I almost died last night.


All of 'em. Yeah. Oh, you, hey, you wanna come out your clothes and fight now? For sure. And why you gotta take your clothes off when you, you, You know how we do. We gotta come up out the shirt because you sweating, Man. See, that's the problem. You sweating it, it the liquors in in your pores now. Now you now you extra violent. Can't nobody talk to you Being from H Town? Yes sir. Man, look at Beyonce, Travis Scott. I mean all the guys. I mean, is there anybody from like Houston that, that you haven't met that you'd like to meet or you done met everybody? 'cause that that's where you, that's your doc. Any anybody from Houston that I would like to meet? That's from the h You probably done meet everybody.


No, I don't think. Nobody from the HI would, I would, I need to meet like I, everybody from the h like everybody that I wanna meet to meet. Right. Yeah. Man, Andre Johnson. Why you always want to, you like athletes but wanna fight 'em? I I don't wanna fight all the athletes. The ones who be tripping Just because they don't wanna take no picture with you. They tripping. They ain't about, They ain't about the picture. It's about sometimes people mouth get them in trouble. You know what I'm saying? They underestimate because they look at you and look at you as small. They like, man, get outta here a little bit. Come on, come on Bro. And, and that's, that's a mistake. That's a mistake. 'cause the upper cut come from up under. That's The one you can't see. Now I'm saying I'm, I'm gonna put my whole thing into it.


I don't really get into it with the, i I don't get into it with the cool cools. Like Right. One of, one of my my cool people is somebody who, most people get into it. Vernon Maxwell. I ain't never got into with Vern. I don't even know what they talking about. I'm like Max sometimes be on some bull Man. He be on bull. But that's my man. Yeah. Yeah. That's my man. I can see y'all getting along because y'all got a very similar personality. Yeah. I can see how y'all rock with each other. Me, I, I rock with Max Posey, Nick Van Nle, all, all Shaq, anybody that live in Shaq owe me a thousand dollars. And he And what he owe You for Man?


Shaq first album? Yeah. He getting his haircut at Robert Young Salon on Richmond. I started this club called Just Joking right across the street. So I'm at, I'm in Robert Young Salon all the time. Shaq coming at a diesel coming down and he talking about his album. And I said, your album ain't gonna be good. He talking about I bet you you get my album, you going to like every song on there. So I get the album. Okay. How many songs you like? Two. Two. How many songs was on the album? Probably 40. I don't know. But I know two of 'em was good. Okay. And I say I come right back and I'm waiting on him. I say, Shaq two songs.


You lying. Two songs I like. That's it. Where's my money Still to this day. Every time I run into him I say, I just look at it. You just said you like, you might have liked more. You might have liked about six or seven of those songs. You know, I did not like six or seven of 'em songs. You go back and listen to that first album you didn't like, you ain't even hear it. I didn't. That's that's the crazy thing. You, you ain't even supported. Yeah. See that. See you ain't, you ain't listened to it. I didn't. And You know the song with the Snickers and you heard him freestyle? That's probably it. Yeah. Now he good. If freestyling you don't Think, you don't Think you could it When you don't know rappers. Yeah. Oh Lord. If you don't know rappers. Yeah. So he good at freestyling. So what is, There you go.


You can, well not answer me this. Why are so many people moving to Houston? I think Drake is moved. Didn't Drake just buy a place in Houston? Or he's moving to Houston? He's not like us. There you go. Come on man. I'm just saying. He's not like Us. Why? They do, why first of all, since you brought that up, why they, why they turn on Drake like that? Man, I was, this is me and people who know me know this. I really wasn't a Drake fan like that. Okay. Because it always, he was, he was always selling something that I already heard. So I'm a real hip hop person. I've been around as long as hip hop. Right. So you can't give me a rendition of somebody else's style and think I'm rocking with it.


I I'm just not. I he, he sounded like short on this one. He sounded like this person. And then when you, when you being from the age, I don't honor you stealing anything from us, like chopped and screwed any of that. It, any, anything that we created and you don't pay homage to us from, from getting it. I got a problem with that. I've always had a problem with that. But what about All the people that he put on, all the people that he helped. Who? About the mud? Who? Man, come on. Come on Ali. Don't do that now don't do that. I just, I don't know who he helped you do though. No, I really don't.


'cause he was it from Houston? Who did he, he didn't help. Okay. UGK was UGK. Yeah. Face his face. I'm talking about all the guys that went at him this summer. I ain't talking about the old guard. No, he didn't help the old guard. But I'm talking about a lot of the guys that he helped that went on went at him this summer. Not just K dot 'cause k he, he helped brought K dot onto it with him, but he helped a lot of other people. I don't know who all this man helped. That's, I'm, I'm, I'm in my own world. I don't know who all he help you. Gimme, gimme somebody Help. But here's the thing. You don't know who he helped, but You know what he stole. You don't rock with it like that while you watch. I hear the style. I hear, I could hear the style. It's on the radio. They pumping him on the radio.


And then when you say certain things, You know it man. Your what Thing got you turned? What got you. Okay. That aside. Okay. Maybe it's because you say he biting people's style and you've heard that style before. But what is it about Drake that rubs you the wrong way? Because it is more than the style. That was just the style. I didn't have, I didn't have no other problems with the, with the man. I know in Houston, man, it, it was some things that didn't happen in the age that other people had problems with him. Sauce Walker had problems with him. Right. You know, I wasn't in it. It, but the thing is, when you talk about our style, You know, our style is very unique and we get overlooked. And that's the other, that's the other part of it. You, you can come and take something from a place that gets overlooked anyway if you don't put no shine on.


That's why I never left Houston. I wasn't going to LA or New York to, to do nothing. I'm h town and, and I didn't think that LA or New York had the pattern on who was funny or not. So why go, why go there Right. And give them all this recognition. And then the other thing is, when I make it, 'cause in my mind I was gonna make it so LA and New York get all of the contribu, everything I put into it. So I spend my money there. I'm gonna do every what about the people from my city? That's not gonna get a chance to see me. 'cause I, I done moved away. I'm from here. Right. You know what I'm saying? So the people that's from where I'm from, gotta see me in the grocery store at the bodega.


You know what I'm saying? Walking up the street so they can benefit from me. Hey Ali, how did you do such and such? Oh man, this is how I did it. I'm not going somewhere else where everybody's trying to do that. Nah, I I'm, I'm h town all day, all day. It's funny that you say that, that because we've seen a lot of people, a lot of rappers try to go back to home and it doesn't end up well for him. Why do you think that is? They didn't cultivate they didn't cultivate their area from the beginning. I'm not, I'm not in this space where I've helped everybody that's that ever asked me for help. I've helped. And some people who didn't ask me, I helped because sometimes my help come when you don't know it.


Okay. I'm in a room and I bring you up. Hey, you can get this person and that. Don't tell 'em that I I said it. Just get them. The thing is, if you don't cultivate your neighborhood now, you can't go back. Man, I can go anywhere in Houston. Who got a problem with me? Nobody. I live here. I love here. This is, this is my space. So if you didn't do that, then know you can't come back now. You can't come back unless you coming back with a pur with a purpose to, to love your city. I don't, I don't think none of this is what's so unique about Houston.


We see, that's why I don't know a person that I did, I I would like to meet because I see all, I see everybody. Right? And we, we don't run around with no entourages in all of this nonsense. I'm in a safe space in my city. Right. I don't have no problems in my city. If you in your city, you got problems, what did you do? But You know, everybody's not happy for your success, Ali. Everybody's not. But when you, when you have so many people that are, it's probably people that, it's probably people that, that hate me. But it's so, but you gonna say something then somebody else gonna say for what? Right. They gonna question your hate.


If you ain't got nobody questioning your hate, then something wrong. I don't have to always defend myself. The city will defend me. Right. You know what I'm saying? The people that know me, it's people in the city. When I, I said something about a situation, oh, I don't even know him. And people like you don't know him. Oh, you must be young. You must be young. Right. You gotta be. And then the young people that that know me be like, wait a minute, you do know that he did such and such and such and such. I'm a charitable person and I don't need the, I don't need a camera to record it.


Right. If I, if I give some charity, I don't need to post it. And none of that. And me and Marcus, Marcus d Wiley and my partner, we was together one time. He said, Hey man, You know what you just did. People have a camera and they, they need to po Yeah. And I, and I said, God recorded it. Yes. I don't need, That's, that's how I am. I like to, I like to do. And I, because the, the, the, the question that you have to ask yourself is this, if you did something that was special and no one told you it was special, would you still feel special? Yeah. There you go. That's your answer. Yeah. 'cause just like this domino effect, 1, 2, 3, and four.


The first ever special, I'm the first comic ever in the world to do a special that's all connected. A four part series special People don't recognize it, but it's still special. Right. You believe it's special. That's all that matters. Yeah. That's the, and that's what matters to me. The Ghetto Boys came out with a song mind playing trick song. Yeah. Why, why do you relate to that song so much? Man, this is just, I, I, I was friends with Bushwick. I'm friends with Willie D now.


I just got really just got off the phone with him, friends with Brad. So mine playing tricks on you. First of all, the beat was crazy. Yeah. And that what he was rap, what they were rapping about. This is a lot of times people's life. You know what I'm saying? You can think that you something and you, and you not, your mind is actually playing tricks on you. So to stay grounded in reality is what this song is really about. You know what I'm saying?


So and I that pulling it, man, that man said, I pulled in the Popeyes and bailed out quick. If it's going down, let's get it over with. And that's a, that's a, that's a slogan for me. Right. If it's going down, let's get it over with. I've never, I I wish I was scared of somebody, Shannon. I really, I really wish I was so I can, I can understand that too. Did You always have that mentality? Yeah. Yep. I, I've been a small man in stature, like you say. So, so, but You know something, I, I was, first of all Shannon, I was big.


I've been five seventh since like Seventh, eighth grade Before that. Like, about, about, lemme see sixth grade and, and I can't, I was a center. I started off playing center. I was a five. That's what it would come in. Basketball. Yeah. I was a five and over one summer. It's like everybody went to sleep and, and it then I was a one outta nowhere. My first position playing football inside linebacker. Right inside linebacker. And I was vicious. I knock your head off because I, I don't have no regard for my own self. Right. So I'm out there, I inside linebacker. Then I went from that to receiver, then I went to cornerback.


At Ritual we're celebrating all moms this Mother's day current and aspiring. So whether you're looking for fertility support, natal coline, or our bestselling, clinically backed prenatal, we've got you covered. Find your ritual. Go to ritual.com/podcast and for a limited time get 40% off your first month. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease based on net sales from industry data including Nielsen iq, stack line Enumerator as of Q4, 20, 24 and top five products.


You know what I'm saying? And it was all You couldn't catch. That's why you win a cornerback, huh? No, I wanted to hit people I could still catch now saying the difference is between like, now you talk about today's supposed to be thug and rappers and all this supposed to be in the streets. All right. They're not athletic so I don't believe them because growing Up when you saw Dre hooping Dre be hooping, I got who? Dre Y Got Let 'em rain in the gym. You saw it. You saw it too. Ah, see it. Breathe. Breathing be dropping. Davy other boy be hooping. Hooping. Stop it. Chains hooping. Stop it Shannon.


Stop it. Ah man. DV deacon hoop. Brian McKnight and Hoop. These boys can't even catch. They might not can catch, they might not can catch man. They might not even catch a football. But they can't catch a baseball, a tennis ball. They can't catch a cold. I've seen Drake put it in the basket, Man. You did too. No, I did not. I did not see this man putting nothing in The basket. He, he probably beat you one on one. I doubt it. I don't, I You not, you not finna skip. You're not finna skip me. You not see, see what you Doing You trying to Do with skip these, skip. No, no. I'm just saying I I've seen that man hoop. I've seen some of these other, I've seen breezy hoop. They, I've seen j Cole give you that work.


Give you that work. You think Jko gonna gimme that work Word man. Good. Like you say work, work, work. Word work. I'm gonna put, I'm gonna put jco. Hey, in the Post, throw it to me. How you gonna be in the post in five seven? And I'm still a big man Web couldn't post up that SP web unless he press post it up Webster, Chris, Gary Cole, Chris Paul can poster up Chris post six foot. What that mean? Ain't no five, seven post players. That's what that means. Man. That man man, I'll put that man on my hip. Put that work on left l right hand. Steve. You you Finna get these boys, you Finna get these boys in trouble. Oh Lord. So the thing is this why they don't do the celebrity basketball games like they used to in Allstar.


They dude, they just had It man. I did. You did you see BVD? Did you see these boys hoop? These boys was nasty. Brian McKnight, Geto Boys that work right now. I'm talking about real hoopers. Nah, he ain't trying to do that. He, he shoulda went the NBA lu to have Brian McKnight out there. Man. Master, peak and hoop. Yes. I know. These new boys can't. Have you ever Seen 'em in a, in a, in a softball game? They can't, can't catch you trying to get these new boys. I say what Travis God have or somebody No. Fathers. They can't catch They, the father ain't do nothing with 'em. Oh Lord. They can't catch.


Can I ask you, oh, lemme ask you this. Let me transition to this. Come on. You and PC almost get into it. What, what was that about? He was talking crazy to my sister. He was young. He was a young boy. He was talking crazy to my sister. And your Sister told Yeah. And I saw it. I'm in, I'm see I'm in the club. Okay. At the time, at the time you gotta think I'm a, I'm already a dope boy. Okay. I'm in the streets already, Shannon. Okay. This man is a rapper. Okay. Young boy. You know what I'm saying? So I'm already mad aggressive 'cause I'm already in the streets. See, I've been in the streets since 88. Damn. Yeah, since eight. Eight Down the end of 40 years.


I'm not a I'm not a, I'm not one of these guys. I I used to listen to this, these guys, when I, when I came home 1997, I'm already, I've been in the streets since 88. 88. I'm already doing things right and stuff I won't say on camera. I'm already doing things right. And I'm a problem. So when they rapping, that ain't got nothing to do with what I'm actually doing. Okay. What I'm actually doing. You reeling them streets. They talking about the streets. I'm already, I'm already in the streets.


You know what I'm saying? So like now when I listen to people, I be like, man, that's what y'all, y'all really? But y'all cool now? He did. Oh, about, that's right. I forgot. I forgot. Did y'all make, did y'all make peace Before? Yeah, we, we went to the same barber and all that big shout out to Nick. We went to the same barber for A while. Well, I'm glad bro. I'm glad you made peace with that. I made peace with mostly everybody. Mostly. Yeah, exactly. We're gonna get to that a little later. So help me understand. You went to the, you went to the strip club with Moses Malone. Man, big Mo. What's up baby? He gone too? Yes. Man. How, How, how did you, how did you meet Moses Malone? Anthony Colbert, Sr. Okay. First person to ever invest in my career.


He bought me some headshot. I started doing standup and he said, Hey man, you don need some headshot. And he sent me to this, this guy named Monte Q, who was the same person that was shooting Destiny Child. Okay. And I knew that them pictures was expensive because the man is named Monte Q. Anybody named Monte Q is definitely charging. Yeah. Yeah. His name is Monte. And he was, he had some circle glasses. Right. And, and I say yeah, this is, this is, this is high quality. Right. Great head shots. Him and Moses. Very, very close friends. Okay. I, I learned a lot hanging out with Moses and Anthony Colbert, senior Anthony Colbert Jr.


Is my accountant. My, my close friend we got, we own, we own a food truck park together. 45 0 1 Alameda. His fa when his father passed, before his father passed, he told, he told me and Anthony to always stick together. So man, y'all always stick together. So we do. But man, Moses would want to go to the strip club to have lunch at this spot called treasures. He, he want to have lunch. So we go, I go with him, me, Anthony Senior. We in the strip club and I'm thinking that they going for the strippers.


This buffet in this strip club was amazing. Yeah. People, people say, but when you tell people that people Think you lying. I mean the fives are nice too though. But the food is really good. Magic city. You up in to magic. I've been to Magic City. The food tell me the food they busting. I didn't eat no food in Magic City. Why you, why you there then? Because, so I was with some other people, Man. They weren't hungry. I didn't eat no food in Maddy City. I was like, I'm not a strip. What's crazy is I'm not a strip club guy. I ain't either. But if I'm now, I don't, I don't Want the strippers dancing on me. I just, You don't want no booty juice on your chicken?


I can't. I just don't. What you been dancing on? You? What's wrong with you? They ain't got, where's the shower At? They been in there All day. Where's the shower? They, I mean, look, they do a couple things. They don't be, don't be wipe don't be wet wiping nothing and sliding on me. Man. I, I just can't man. I ugh. Oh my, oh my clothes. These clothes cost something. I don't want you on me like that man. They go down and freshen up after about two, two or three seconds. Fresh. No. What they got showers down there ain't no shower. Where the Showers at? Well, I'm gonna call Maje after I get off here. I'm ask you. Yeah. Ain't no showers in them spots. These Girls going down there changing into Them. Same bathing Suits. Just, Just white wipe. Okay. They do a little bird bath. Little bird bath.


Love you man. Shannon. No, I don't know. Bird bath broad on me. You do it too much. Just getting there. Bird bath and Just Man, just vagina. Just all that bacteria vaginosis all on Me. I don't want all that going on on Me man. Ooh. I throw my money from a distance. I a baby. I pitched my money to him. I still, I will. Lemme tell you something. That's what I thought. No, listen, Lemme tell. Hey Vli, I was in Vli one time throwing, I'm in that, that I love the making and rain when making and rain came out. Yeah. 'cause you can throw your one up in the air. Yeah. And that's it. You ain't, you don't need nobody dancing on you. E Even this girl man, Garris his soul, man, Victor, Vic and Eric, I would come to they spot.


Yeah. And they know, they know how to give back. They know how to give me, it was this girl named Tammy the tiger. What'd she do? Ooh, she wild. I'm talking about, ooh, I And the first time, I ain't even know she was no dancer. I saw her in the Roxy. I, she just in the Roxy looking great. I was, I was sent a Merlo. 'cause she drank Merlo. Man. I found out that girl was a dancer. I went down to that club. Fine as she can be. I'm but still, I don't want nobody dancing on me. I can throw that. You do that Tammy dance on throw That. I didn't let Tammy dance on. Nah, I throw that money. She on that stage. I throw that money off there. But I just don don't dance on me.


I don't, I don't like it. Shannon, you you gave me the creeps. Now I don't Oh, I don't like nobody dancing on me. If you ain't got no bath, you can see sometimes. So I see right now. No, sometimes you Came down to Houston. You came down to Houston. I remember you was in Houston. I'm saying. And they and they got you. They got you. 'cause you, I I heard you and, and, and, and ocho cinco. 'cause You know he, he gets it in. So y'all in Houston? Yeah. And you in that strip club. I didn't go to strip club. I didn't, I almost moved to Houston. The best decision I made, one of the best one in the five last five years. One of the best decisions that I made. Sometimes the best decision is the one that you don't make. I You gonna leave right there.


I'm gonna leave right here. Hey, lemme tell you something. That age time, That's different animal. It's full of. Yes. You don't need to go no strip club. Get to see one. Ooh, that Galleria. Oh, I'm with you when you write. Oh, that Gallow, that Gallow is crazy. I'm with you all the right when you Right, I'm talking about you. Hey, if you come on Alameda, just own that. Just just stand out there. Just stand out there on Alameda. They out there. I'm talking about a sun, a sun dress no draws on. It's crazy Man. Let's talk about, I heard you ready, I heard You trying to move to Youth Tupac. You ran into Tupac when he was with Digital Underground. Yeah. See I was already in the streets. Already in them streets. Money v on that elevator.


Just drunk. We was chopping it up. I we had a, it's a rap convention. Right? Rap convention. And they come down. Dana Dane was on big shout of Dana Dane. Dana Dane is the escalator wasn't working in the, in the hotels. Everybody had to catch the elevator. And Dana Dane was sitting on the broken escalator. I get on the elevator. Money B is on that. We, I just finished chopping up with him. He drunk. I see who now Tupac. I didn't know that was You didn't know that with him. Right? I didn't know that was him. He dancer. You know, with Digital Underground. With Digital Underground. But it wasn't this, it wasn't that thug persona. Right. And how would it be a thug persona to somebody who's already thugging in the streets?


Right. Like I'm already a wild man. So I didn't see him like everybody else saw him. Even when I was locked up, I used to be like, man, that that kid wasn't no thug like that. So when you see having been in the street, lived that life, breathed that life. When you hear guys talk about that life, you're like, man, y'all need to stop this. They really do. They really do. I'm talking about 'cause it, it is like, even with these young boys now, it's shameful. It's shameful. And, and my problem is this. I never lied on my mama like that. And that's all we know.


Stop it, dog. So your so your mama never said nothing. Didn't nobody ever say nothing good to you? So everybody's just doing bad. Every every black person just doing bad. Everybody's from the hood. Everybody. Wasn't nobody mama making it. Nobody Daddy was making it. Nobody, everybody just, everybody just destitute. Right. Man, stop it, man. I tell people in the special, I never had to be in the streets. My mama had a job. I just couldn't handle being outside, not being in the atmosphere. My daddy, my dad had a job. My, when I moved in, my dad, my dad had a job.


My dad was fly. Taylor made suits, all that. My dad was selling powder cocaine only because he had a carrier service downtown. And it was lawyers that he was carrying stuff for, getting documents signed. And they was on powder. So my daddy just bar a just right into it. You know what I'm saying? So him, ivory James, James a boxer. You know what I'm saying? Ivory has one side of downtown at the carry service. My dad had the other side of downtown. They, they partner us. My dad was selling these pills. Everybody was popping pills back then. You know what I'm saying? So when he started selling powder, he didn't want me to sell powder, even though I had to open the door and sell appeals for him when he was gone.


But he was wild. But my dad didn't want me in the streets. My mama didn't want me in the streets. I hid all that from my mama. Just now be finding out stuff that I was, that I did back then. Wow. But, so I don't give this story of, oh we was destiny, we doing, I had to sell drugs. I ain't have to do shit but be a kid. Right. Which people find hard to do nowadays. Like being a kid. It's something Everybody wanna grow Up fast. Yeah. Everybody wanna grow up fast. Bet do. And it makes no, it makes no sense to me. And then, and then lie on your family. Like there is no honorable people in your family. Man. Cut it out man. Cut it died. It, it, it's, it's crazy.


So you, you mentioned that your mom had a job, your dad had a job. You really didn't. So what type of upbringing, so give me, give, give us a synopsis. When you were a kid growing up in Houston, you were in the projects, if I'm not mistaken, what did you wanna be when you grew up? A chef. A a Navy Seal. Okay. Yeah. Then the chef. Then what happened? I start cooking the wrong thing. Said I'm cooking the wrong thing. You, you weren't making the scale, the collar green, anything like that. Hey man, I'm a chemist. You know, I'm cooking The wrong thing. Oh man. So that, and that's the, and that's the just being in the streets, man.


I was, I didn't have to be out there, Shannon. Right. Real, real talk. I just didn't And my mom, my mom. That that, that really was embarrassing for my mom. Right. You know, I apologize to my mom too all the time for, or being dishonorable to what she was about. Right. You know, and I think that in families nowadays, it's no honor. True. They don't wanna honor the mother, honor the father, honor the family. You want, you wanna put mud on your people's name. And that's, and that's, that's wrong.


And, but a lot of guys don't see it like that. They think that street cred. What does it, what does it get you? You can't buy nothing with it. Can't buy nothing with it. You, you are more embarrassing to society, to your family, to your children. You know what I'm saying? To your grandma, you, it is, it's, it, it is really shameful man. That how these people, and I, and I'm not, and I'm not, I'm not perfect in this, but I'm not going, man, I, I, it would break my heart, man, for my kids to be Out in the streets acting like I didn't teach them what was right.


And I didn't do You didn't do anything for 'em. I didn't do anything for 'em. That, and, and it, it would break my heart to see my friend children like that. Right. You know, I, I got some friends that, that, that, that kid want to be in the streets and You know, I go try to talk to him. Man, why do you want to be out here? What you, what you missing? What, why are you trying to hurt your father? Why you trying to hurt your mother? Like what is the, what is the real core of it? Are you, you have to be a part of what everybody else is doing. Right. And everybody else is not really doing it. I, I, I see these young kids out here that masquerading to be thug life, but this is what the music sell them.


Right. So I have a problem with that as well. Right. What you, what you say? You selling something that you not, so when you run into people that's, that They take offense to it. I'm offended because you bro gone on man before you make me show you the difference between me and you because bro, you ain't really been tested. You ain't been in nothing. I'm telling you exactly what's going to happen bro. And you, and I'm not and I'm not telling you what I heard. I'm telling you what I've already done. So it's a different type of intensity when it, when man I do my best.


I do my best. Shannon. And, and I cry a lot man. I cry a lot man. For people. Is there, is there a, is there a mentality that you must adopt in order to be in the streets? Like you were in the streets? Yeah. And it's, and it is brutal. It's brutal. You can't, you gotta be heartless. You gotta be ruthless. You gotta not Care. You gotta be, you got to be Shannon. You looking at a man that will kill you with your baby in your hand. Hey man, put your kid down bro. I don't wanna do this in front of your kid. And now the intensity with me, man gone on bro.


Before, before something happened to you. For real, for real. I don't wanna play with you. 'cause you don't, you don't really have enough people for real. 'cause you're dealing with somebody that you don't really understand. I was 19 years old by myself in prison. And it won't be one person ever to talk out of, turn about what happened in there with me. Because I, I got a mean, mean, mean streak in me. Hey man, you better go on before I put your ass in the grave, boy. I don't need nobody. I don't need nobody. I ain't gotta go get nothing.


I'm equipped right now with my bare fucking hands. Did you take that in there, into those walls? Did you take that? I was like, I was like that in the streets. Wow. When that man hit me. When this man hit me in my face. I'm 15 years old, this man, 6 4, 6 5. He stole on you. Yeah. From behind. 'cause that knew he had to or get bused down. I'm not playing no games with nobody. This is the, this is the thing. My mom, she dated a man that was brutal to me.


You know what I'm saying? He was brutal. And I said, in my life, I will never in life let somebody beat on me again. I'm seven. Man. The type of violence that, that, That hepled on you. I, I wouldn't inflict on a person trying to do that shit that he did to me when I was seven. Did you tell your father? Yeah, my daddy came over, got into it with him. They pushed my daddy out the house. Right. And my daddy is in the window.


He saying, oh, unlock the door. I unlock the door, let him back in. You, you, you been, you been on that for a minute, Ali. I unlocked that door. Let that man back in my daddy right back on his ass. But that don't even made it worse for me. Right. Because he gonna leave and you still gotta be there. Yep. So how old were you when you decided to say, You know what, you ain't gonna put your hands on me no more. You not gonna talk outta place? Did he leave or did you Leave? My mom left. My mom left him. Okay. But it was a, it was a thing. By the time I was nine, man, you not doing nothing to my mama.


You not doing nothing to me. You not doing nothing to my sister. I remember this man living in his apartments and this, my mom getting close out the, the dryer, the bottom dryer. And this man left the top dryer open. And my mom came up and my mom only four 11. Right. Came up and hit her head. Mm. She came in, she rubbed her head. I said, what happened? This stupid ass man left the dry open. I said, did he apologize? Talking about now it is, it's these little bats that they call Astroworld bats it was, we used to give him from the play Astroworld, the little Louisville sluggers.


Yeah. I got that bat and I put it in my back and I went down. I said, Hey, did the lady just bump her head in Here? He said, yeah. I said, did you, did you apologize because you left the drive? He said, no. So how old are you at this time? 11. Okay. Man. It was a, it was a bad scene in that, in that in laundry bad scene. A grown man didn't matter.


Wore him out. If my mother wouldn't have came down there, I would've killed him. My mama tell anybody, if you get into it with him, you better hope that he talking. 'cause if he not talking, he's thinking of a way To Hurt you bad. And I'm not a person. I'm not trying to get away with nothing. I'm, I'm gonna do what I'm going to do. And that is it. Just like when I was locked up, that, that Officer Mitchell, bro, you trying to, man, you tripping me down in the vest area. You tripping bro.


You tripping. So what, so when you say stripping you down? Yeah, making me get naked in the vegetable area. Just 'cause he just, 'cause he felt like he had the power to do it. And I told him, I said, Mitchell, man, this ain't gonna be good for you, bro. Now I'm telling you. And it happened and I, I changed like, I used to be very jovial and what, and everybody know, I was like, dear, every day like four months, I was like, it's gonna come up. I'm going to get an opportunity to show this man why he shouldn't have did that.


And when I did, I was gonna kill that man. And I was gonna go back to my cell. I wasn't, I'm in prison where I'm gonna go. I'm not gonna escape. Right. I'm gonna kill that man. I'm gonna go back to my cell. They gonna come get me. I'm gonna pack my stuff up. They gonna come get me and I'm gonna be here. But disrespect, come on bro. If it wasn't for Al and Mustafa, I'd have killed that man. His name was Mitchell. Not, not, not playing at all. And I, and I know people like, oh, he act like he tough. No I don't. No I don't. I'm, I'm very jovial. I'm very peaceful.


You got to push me to something and I'm gonna say, I'm, man, I I and I'm all, I'm paused up most of the time. Hey bro, but if you keep going, You trying to take it there, You trying to take it there and I'm probably going take it there. Wanna see you there and I'm gonna cry for you and, and, and, and wish the best for your family and all the rest of that. Oh. But man, it's, it is bad. It's bad. It's bad. 'cause I'm not, I've never started to fight my whole life. I finished a lot of 'em. I've never started one. I'm more offended that you bothering me than anything. 'cause this is what people do.


They not coming to pick on you. Why not? 'cause of my size. But they look at you. They Think you a easy victory. I say they on them. So they under, basically they underestimating you because they looking at, But why even bother me? Because They feel that's the easy win, Ali. Why you Think You, why not bother you? This ain't what they want. So how is you ain't what they want, but I'm what They want. You know what I'm saying? Be because You know how animals are on the, on when animals hunt, they find the old or the weak. Okay. So watch this.


What would you, what would, what would anybody rather deal with a lion or a honey badger? Well see, people don't know about that honey badger. And that's their problem. See now when you, when you mess around and find out about it, it's too late. A lion don't want it with a honey badger. No. At all. No. And I'm a honey badger. I'm loaf to the ground. You know what I'm saying? I can fight backwards. I I'm saying my Steve is razor sharp. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like why is you playing with me? They Don't know. They, they need to find out about a hundred Ger Lemme ask you. This ain't what they want. Your parents got divorced when you were very young.


Yeah. Did that impact you and, and, and, and, and make you, or or what you, because what you became, because you say you've in the street and you didn't have to be, you chose to be in the streets. And you, you, you, you told me right here that look, my dad was had a job. My mom had a job. I didn't have to do anything that I did. But did that, their divorce, did that play a role? Did that father, father drive you in the Street? Major man, when you are a father, it is very important that you stick close. Even if you detached, you still gotta be in the kids' life. You gotta be there because it's a certain amount of protection comes with that.


People pray on the weak when they see something weak or they can figure out how to get in there. But when your father is there, my daddy, I don't even really know if my daddy could fight because he never would be in a fight. 'cause he was up. And Pete don't mess with me. I know karate. I don't know why he would always say that. I never seen my daddy knew no karate. He probably didn't Know it. But he's six three. Right? My daddy is six three, Jay black, my uncle Mack. I'm talking about fight from the go. My dad, if he would've stuck closer to us, then the abuse would've never happened.


Right. Okay. You know what I'm saying? If you make sure that you taking care of things, then my mom don't have to sacrifice like she did to try to take care of us. Now we being left at home by ourself. Right. You know, it's all these things. If you facilitate certain things, then you cut out a certain amount of nonsense. Correct. Predators know when no father's around, man, you can't really come to my kids because they like, Hey man, it is a father very close.


And I, and I'm, I'm gonna be a problem. Like, I, I question everything. You know? Like, yo man, what's going on with you? I, I pop up everywhere. I'm always, I'm always showing up. So if you that type of father, then predators stay away. Like this, this man was talking about, he said why he, how he chose his victims. I Saw that. He said he, he didn't choose. Is he the black, white, Latino? Didn't matter. He said he looked at the father. If the father wasn't a threat. But I knew that from being inside, talking to these type of predators makes me very skeptical in the world.


I don't, I don't want you to do certain things. I want you to be certain places. I'm always on guard because I, I know the actual predators. I know how, how they think. I know how they move and what's crazy. Do You know those type of predators get protected inside because of real. Oh, they, they stand no chance because we gonna Kill 'em. Absolutely. And I'm not talking about what I heard. Yeah. They keep 'em away from us. And I used to, it needs to, it used to burn me up though. I come in. How y'all know them? People come in because I'm always wondering how y'all know this guy was a, he killed an old person or he killed an elderly or he molested a child or he killed. How y'all know about that?


Y'all get new. How y'all, who tipped y'all off about that? Ollie. I was a fine safety clerk. Oh, I Know what's going on. Okay. I'm in the front office. Right. Okay. Isn't that People know what your jacket is when you come in there? They know what you doing. And once we find Out, oh hell to pay. Oh, it's hell to pay. But they keep 'em in protective custody. Why? They get protect. Nah, do that. You, you wanna do all that to the little kid that can't protect themselves. They got go ahead. That's, that's where you should do It. That's the cra the craziest thing. I'm a, I'm a street pharmaceutical rep, which is very frowned upon. I come there non-violent crime.


Right. You put me with everybody else. The most vi the most violent of the violent. But then this dude who done serial raped, serial molest, you put him down there in protective custody with other serial molesters and rap. Why don't you throw him to the wolves like everybody else? Because, because You know we gonna pull 'em apart. Gonna pull 'em apart. The justice will be served if you kill a baby. Oh, the justice will be served. We going get you in the county. So we already know what you came in there, in the county, in the county jail.


We trying to bust you to the white meet in the county jail. I remember I'm on 10 B three and on the other end it is 10 C two. We can see they, we can see they they block. And it's a guy that had killed a baby. Baby girl threw in the braids by you. He get arrested because we seen on the news he get arrested. Everybody hoping that he gets sent to the 10th floor. 1301 Franklin. That man gets sent to the 10th floor. We hoping that he come to our cell so bad, they send him down the 10 C two and the sheriffs put him in there and closed the main sally door.


Like where you can hear in the hallway. He already behind the bar. They closed the sally door and it was like on cartoons. You saw him run this way and you saw a pat go that way. Then you saw him run this way and you saw a pat go that saw the pack go that way. And then the next thing we know, it's a cold blue, It's over. They come to get him on a stretcher. They done slammed his bone on his neck so many times trying to kill him 'cause you killed a baby. So the elderly and the kids And women.


Women and women. See I think sometimes that these, It's funny, it's funny that you guys have rules and regulations in there, but you don't follow by the rules and regulation out here. Hey Shane. There, there you go. There you there. There you go. Talk to me. I mean, help me out. Break it down to me. So Listen Shane, listen Man, When you trying to get the money, you trying, you trying to get bread. So you, you, you not messing with women and children Right? Long. You don't harm the women, children, the elderly. You good. You, you Man. Do do what you doing. You know what I'm saying? Do it, do it Fair business. I, because I I I come from a, a era of fair business.


You know what I'm saying? So if you doing dirty business, then there's something wrong with you. But I come from fair business and I, there's no, we didn't even back then, we didn't even do you understand? You, you asked, you asked Gilead a question about athletes getting protected. It wasn't just athletes, it was anybody that had potential that we saw. Man, we was honorable. We, it was honor amongst these man. The dude named Phil. We out in the street selling dope. We ain't letting Phil sell no dope. Phil play the saxophone.


Man, you can't sell no dope, Phil. Boy, you, you the next, you the next one. I'm talking, we see this boy. Hey Phil, say Phil. Hey man, come over here with your little harmonica man. Just call this instrument. All the wrong names, man. Come on man. The savages, You know they unruly man. Play something to soThe these savages. Right? And he, he played something right. And boy Reagan mall man gone. My boy Michael Vian, he tried to sell dope. And I said, boy, cut it out. I took him to the mall. I said, get whatever you want. And then sent him to school.


Bro, you ain't, this ain't for you out here. We're not, when we, we had a lot of honor about ourself. Then what happened? These same people wanted to be in the streets. They wanted to be in the streets. See, everybody, it, it, man, it is like my friends now, I don't have no thug friends. All these boys is fathers. They not in the, not in the streets. I don't hang with, no, I don't hang with no thugs. Right. Like for what? You not, it's not even cool. It's not even cool like to be on constant stress.


Mm. Man. That's not me always getting into it. You can't, y'all can't ever go out and have a good time. 'cause you always into it. You always beefing. It's like the reason why a lot of these dudes is doing this because it's really not no street consequences. It's a safe space. If you talking, you talking all out loud, man, you ain't trying to do nothing. You ain't trying to do nothing. But I just don't get, I just don't get the atmosphere of everybody wanting to be a thug. Everybody. Yeah, everybody. Well you, you playing, you playing football, right?


How many thugs was out there on the football field when you was playing? Duh. No. Now you got people that's that come to leagues and they uncoachable because they, they might, they wanna have this, this street persona. Right? Why when you play football And you making all this money, you wanna go hang out with the dudes on the Why when you play basketball? I don't get it. Why? When you play baseball? Because the others are not doing that. Right? You, what's the boy that went to jail for play for the Patriots Hernandez It. Why bro, what inadequacy are you trying to cover up by doing that?


Gotta Show the homies. I'm real keeping it Real. But that's the great thing. Who thinks that that's keeping it real? Some more people That ain't got no sense. Yeah, That's not in your situation. It, that's not even in your situation. Oh man, let me let my partner have $80 million. Okay, so Marcus d wi right? This is what he said to me. This is the type of, this is the type of partners that I have. I'm, I'm talking about I doing something reckless. And this man say, Hey, just, you just got presented with a, with a plaque.


Add all your cities on there, your gross earnings. You know, and this, that's something really to be admired and really be proud of. Now go out there and throw all the shit away if you want to. And walked in his house. Get off my yard. If I call the police on your ass. He is, man, I got, I, my friends are not letting me throw my career away for nothing. If you, and the other thing is, most of these people now Aren 40 and I got a real, I got a real theory about men that's under 50. In that, in that, in that era behind me, they have a lot of embarrassment in them.


They can be embarrassed easily. So when you can be embarrassed, you internalize things. And that's why most of these guys have these mental health here. They go, oh my mental health. Because you do not have friends. This is why you have a mental health condition. Because you do not have friends for checks and balances. You what? 56? Yep. Okay. Do you and your friends talk? Yeah. About everything. You are not embarrassed. You are not embarrassed. My I my whole era, man, whether you had, bro, I remember I called, this ain't, first of all, let me just clear this up.


It wasn't from me doing nothing. Somebody slept in my bed with somebody that was, that was unclean. And I, I, I don't know. I I get back in my bed. I'm early in the morning. 'cause that's when you find out you got crabs early in the morning. It's never in the daytime. It's, it's, it's always early in the morning, right? So I'm sitting on a commode and Man, what a little crab thing, Man. I don't know what this is. Mm. Man. I'm 17. I don't, I've never, man, I got bugs on me. I go right and knock on the door. My partner is in there and I, I can't say nothing 'cause he in there with my girlfriend's friend.


Friend, okay? I knock on the door. I said, Gee, come here. He said, what? I said, look Here Man. What's That? I said, I don't Know. And he looked because he wore glasses. He put his glasses on. He said, oh boy, you got crab. I got something for that. I told him. I went and told him, I'm not keeping the bugs to myself. Right? Me and kid, me and kid styles, we go to Echos drugs, echos drugs, baby. We go to Echos drugs. And I, I knew it was gonna be something was going to happen. I get to s drugs, me and kid and the pharmacist.


This when pharmacist was open all night and then the pharmacist, the man had a, I'll never forget it, he had a thick mustache and some glasses. He turned this, said how he turned around. That man turned around. Yes. I said, Hey, I need some, some medicine. And I'm whispering because it's some construction workers in there doing painting and stuff in there. I said, he said, for what? I said, I got some bugs on me. He Said, you got crabs. All the construction do, all them men got crabs Loud.


At Ritual, we're celebrating all moms this Mother's day current and aspiring. So whether you're looking for fertility support, needle coline, or our bestselling, clinically backed prenatal, we've got you covered. Find your ritual, go to ritual.com/podcast and for a limited time get 40% off your first month. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease based on net sales from industry data including Nielsen iq, stack line enumerator as of Q4, 2024 and top five products.


Gimme the medicine. Right. Tell me what the medicine is. The little shampoo, the la comb. I got just the medicine. We go to the register. Oh. And it is this girl at this register she fired. Ooh, kiss that one out the window. No, We go back and this is when that little basket, the little purse basket just came out. We get the basket, we put the crab in and we put a bunch of other stuff in there and I said, Hey kid, when we get up there, just talk to her. She ringing up, he talking and she just ringing up, up. She ain't even looking at it. So she said, do, do, just ringing up to her, do do.


And then the, the medicine didn't ring up. This is the only thing that didn't ring up. And she looked and saw that crab medicine. My partner so dirty, he going to mine. That's his medicine. But I went and sold my, I remember my partner came to me and said, man, my, my, my meat hot. I said, what? He said, man, I'm pissing off fire. I said, boy, you got something, You Got something. You, you, you meat juice and you got something. But I went and told my partner, I said, Hey man, this boy meat, how he woke up this meat stuck to hisself, You know, he said, Hey, hey mate, man, let me take you to the doctor.


Boy. Now we all three go to Riverside. You know what I saying together? Yeah. We in there. Yeah. Yeah. This boy meat hot. Yeah. But it is no embarrassment. Now people nowadays let that fester into something else because they embarrassed. Nah. And I, we, you gotta have friends and you gotta have real friends that's dedicated to what you're doing. If not, yeah. You gonna have mental health conditions. Yeah. You gonna be out in the streets wilding. You don't have nobody say, Hey man, bro don't do that. Right. I mean, he don't know man, bro. But if everybody thugging, how many kids out here just going along just to get along.


Right. You mentioned your grandma Earl in the beginning. How influential was she? Man, big deal. Both of them. My dad's mom and my mom's mom, both of them. My grandma Callie, she was different than my grandma Louise. But they, and I, and I didn't like my grandma Louis at first when I was a kid, You know. But I understood why she did the things that she did. You know, these are the same people that taught me how to garden. Taught me how to grow stuff. Taught me, gave me work ethic, You know what I'm saying? Babysat me, whooped my ass when I, when I, when I needed it. Right. You know, all these, all these different things. And they instilled a lot. They still didn't lie to me, You know? And they never lied to me.


Neither one of 'em never lied to me. Didn't, didn't make me out to be more than what I was or none of that. Just man, you gotta be solid. My mom was like that. My aunts were like that. I'm, I'm groomed by my family. Right. And, and like I, I go back to man, I hate that I got locked up and my family had to bet at that burden of sending me stuff and explaining where I was at and all these things. Man, I, I'm supposed to be doing something else. Lemme ask you a question. Had you not gotten locked up? Are you sitting here today? Yeah, I'm sitting here today.


I'm one of the greatest chefs alive. You know what? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm sitting there man. See that's the thing. I tell people, man, you ain't got to go through no hardship to get nowhere. Right. Everything doesn't have to be hard. Okay. Life is supposed to be fun. It's supposed to be fun. It's not supposed to be hard. You wanted to be a chef. Yes. But somewhere along the line you started cooking stuff that wasn't on the menu at Restaurants, wasn't menu. So when you decided to make that turn, do you remember like, man, I'm gonna start selling. Yeah I do. Running with the wrong people. And I was like, man, what y'all, what y'all doing get, because they feel a lot big wires of money.


And my momma, my momma working hard for her money. She ain't, and she ain't coming off of it easy. She, she then to come to my mama and ask for something, you gotta have your situation together. Right. Hey, all that coming to my, it's some new shoes out and not mom, what's wrong with the shoes you got on? But it mama, these these cool. But my daddy bought 'em in the grocery store. These grocery store cheap. And my dad and my daddy was cheap. He ain't like, he ain't had no money. He was just cheap. Most People, most old people cheap. He didn't see. But I didn't understand that.


My grandma, my grandma, she would work, she would put our stuff in layaway and work. Right, right. But by the time we got it, I, I Grew it. It's outta style. It's outta style too. It it Man my grandma. But she you and you still gonna wear them clothes. We, man, my grandma used to stop at this spot called Wieners Bells. You know Palace Royal? I, I remember my daddy got me a a nice of the round table. It was supposed to be a polo. Don't do that Janet. I get, I get that. It's a polo. It looked like a polo. But he had, but he had ax, he have a polo stick. He had a ax on. Man, that man had a flag, man. I'm like, man, I'm like, hey, and, and he, and I'm rocking it like it's a polo.


And then man, man, and this is being embarrassed at school, Man. Oh, you wanna go join you? This Boy act like he got on the polo man. That's a Saint Bernard on your shirt. Hey man, this ain't no dog On my shirt, man, bro. I the rabbits man. I had these shirts with rabbits on, man. My daddy. My daddy was a cold man. 'cause he was like, Hey man, you are the man, the, you make the clothes not, the clothes don't make you. And Not that no kid, no kid gonna draw you outta, But that's the thing, that's the part of growing up learning embarrassment. Right. That's why you, you grow up and have tough skin.


But I already knew it was gonna be like that 'cause Jones had started at home and my cousins, my cousin mama who had some more money than us, he got polos and that boy come over with his collar popped up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Look at you. Yeah. Look at you. Like, first of all, boy, you didn't buy, you didn't buy none of this. You ain't got no money. Your mama got the money. Right. Yeah. But yeah. Yeah. You see I'm fly boy and I'm, I'm not, but I, I can wear my clothes Well. Right. You know. So now what difference does it make? What I have on now because sometimes people don't even know what I have on.


You don't know what I have on You stay lace Gucci lv Now. But see when I was wearing Lil Weiwei, they didn't know what that was at all. Right. Just like on my, on my wrist. I remember this lady walked up and said, oh I like them clovers, them clo that clover bracelet. I'm like, yeah, that's all I say is Yeah. Now you see I went in Van Ccle before everybody else. Now everybody now. LeBron, I remember LeBron when and got this one right here. Right. I already had it on my wrist when he went got Who brought by you, huh? Yes. Man, man, a lot of people steal my style. Oh Shannon. Aw man. It's terrible man. Now, now boys wear they shirt, they they shirt buttoned up.


I've been wearing my shirt like that 'cause that's how my daddy was shirt. Right. No tie. Right. Taylor made suit. See I see this is the thing. You go back, I was wearing Taylor's stuff when Jay-Z was still wearing jerseys. We go back and look at Jay-Z first pictures. Him and Benny Siegel with them suits on with all that, all that material at the bottom. Yeah. See you, you wasn't doing what you was doing at first. I been doing this. Ain't no bad pictures of Lee out there. That wasn't fly. Ben fly. Like I said, what they, what this lady say? Kendrick Lamar K dot the new stylist Bell bottom denim. I'm like the new style Bell bottom was in back in the seventies. Don't tell him though. Don't.


I'm 73. 1973. Don't tell him Bell bottom. My mama had them. Yeah, my mama had them. You know what I'm saying? Just like I I, I really think Kdot on this new album got some lingo from me. Yeah. On the cool. 'cause he's not in that era to say squabble. Yeah. I'm, I, I do my special and I'm sitting, they in there squabbling like him and then, then all of a sudden squabble up. I said yeah KI got me, he got me. But see, back then, ain't nobody gonna believe it though. But see, back then it wasn't no you like you said, you win something, you lose. So, but you went home. You nothing. You ain't pulling no gun on nobody.


No. Hey you had a, you took your lumps or you gave a lump? But a A you see these t right here? These two t right here has been cracked several times. I done been hitting the mouth before I always went home. Right. I always went home. Man, you could, you could tussle and go to the crib. Everybody ain't trying to wall like That though. But why, why these boys can't tussle? Because they can't, they can't fight. They, They, they ain't never been in no fight. But then you shoot somebody, then you go to prison, then you got the fight. Yeah. But you, we grew up in there. You had to fight. You go, you gonna get, you had to fight your brother, your cousin, you gotta fight. It's hard for me to believe that somebody in our, in our age group didn't fight, didn't have at least one.


Hey now Marcus d Wiley never had a fight in his life. Really? Never had a fight in his whole entire life. Man. 15 years old. He's never had a fight. But he had other people that would fight for him 'cause he a good dude. Right. And I find myself do that now, saying he Got all type of cousins and everything. Right. Little Larry go hard. But man, but I man, somebody say something to Mark. I'm like, hold on, watch how Mark, what that boy say? I ain't, I ain't had a good one. I ain't had a good one in a minute. Nah, but I, I we got you old Waller now Ollie. Who we done got you old? Wait, no, say some Wallen now. I about, I got, I got a, Greg got another one on the way in a couple weeks.


Hey man, listen. It depends on the situation. Just let it go. You got too much going on to Waller now what you trying to bump with these kid, these young boys out here? Because ain't nobody your age trying to bump with you. Yes. They, that's the problem. They, these young, some of these old cats forget sometime. Hey man, you ain't had a fight since the third grade. I had one last year since. So, so it's, it's, and then I got a problem. I, I punched a dude in the mouth in, in Arizona for saying the n word to me. Black dude, white guy.


I understand the, the culture and they listen to the music and all that. And I told that man. Yeah. I say bro, I am in my fifties. I'm a different era. Right. I'm not with it man. Yeah. Y'all 90 babies. Let that go Man. Listen bro, I'm, I don't wanna do this with you man. And then he said, he said it again, I don't understand how they how they talk. No else, anybody that's outside of this skin color, anybody. Latino, Puerto Rican, Dominican, anybody. 'cause my grandmother ain't gonna understand.


You didn't go through the same, you didn't go through the same thing. Right. I don't care what you're talking about. 'cause you can, you can, you can go back to your community and pretend and do, I'm in this skin period. We from the south, I don't care what you're doing up north. Right. Come down here because I'm gonna tell you this. You ain't gonna say that in front of somebody that you respect. Right. They'll never sit on the couch with, with Roland Martin or Farrakhan or, or or any of these guys that, that they respect And, and and be N word. N word. N word. N word. N word. You wouldn't do it. You not gonna do that in front of my grandma. And she don't understand, she don't understand me kicking it with you like that.


My uncles don't understand he'll they all that know you, you from No bro. You not from this. No. And I, so when people give people a passes on that, nah, you don't get No pass. I can't do it. No. No. I can't do it. And I, and I watch, I watch entertainers cow to these people because you not going to do, and see that's the other thing that, that sparked me up. Hey bro, I know better. I know better. Right? Because if inside them walls, you ain't gonna do it. 'cause You know what the problem is? It's a problem. All that old, I'm hip to the culture that da Oh man. That Yeah. You ain't from the culture. You Ain't from the culture.


Yeah. You don't get no past. No, I and I, I man, I, I can't, I can't do it. I just can't do it. Just like, because watch this, I What racial slurs do we grow up having for other people? Yeah, we've, but we don't use them. I no, I, I ain't never felt because I had a, a white friend or I, I didn't have Jewish friends until I didn't know they were Jewish when I was growing up. Until I got until the interference, until I got, I started working at CBS. But I know slurs, but I wouldn't say that. I Wouldn't say it. Oh. Just because we cool Because that don't make you cool. They not going to tolerate it.


You already know. You can't see you no slur to subscribe the Jewish community. It's over. It's over. So all this notion, oh it's just a word. Well if it's just a word, why can't we say it to other groups? 'cause it's not just the word. It's not just the word but You, they can say it to us and everything's supposed, that's just words. It's a unrecorded amount of people that died Behind that word. True Behind the whole, the whole system unrecorded. They can tell you how many people died doing this. But it's unrecorded.


How many of us actually died in that slave trade. But then we got the we we got the audacity wanna kill each other or say the history don't matter. You know how crazy that sound? I Do. Because we wouldn't be sitting here. You wouldn't be able to do what you doing on no level without the sacrifice of our ancestors. The, I'm talking about the real sacrifice. It's easy to to to say whatever now. But what about when you could not talk True. They would cut your tongue out your mouth.


That's crazy. They would cut your tongue out of your mouth. But you have no type of honor for your ancestors. They would bury a woman in the ground while she was trying to give birth for entertainment. They would burn you and chop you up and throw you in a river. But you have no honor for them. Man, you insane. You are insane. That's what's wrong. This I don't think they understand.


Prison really made me understand, really made me understand how I'm so apologetic for what I did to in the streets. I'm so apologetic. I don't, I don't make it light. I don't try to honor it. You don't try to glamorize it. Fuck. Not at all. Because I'm so offend, man. I remember being in Frisco big shout out to Roy. Roy Woods Jr. And my man, Chris Cotton. Chris Cotton passed. Man, I'm so, I'm such, I'm in such a dark place.


'cause we at this, this comedy, comedy Central has this comedy convention and I'm walking from my hotel to the spot we performing at. And I'm there for days. And I keep trying to walk different ways to avoid all these homeless, drugged out people. Mm. 'cause it's just breaking my heart. And I said to myself, I said, man, what did I do to contribute to this? Because this is a chemical generation based upon the people who I sold drugs to these, this, these are they offspring.


Hmm. And I amm, I'm so affected and I'm, and I'm, I'm not doing well. And I'm talking to Chris and Roy Woods is telling me this story about what he's gonna say on this storytelling show that we about to do. And it, and it lightened me up because I was so depressed about my contributions to this. I'm so, I I I don't think I got a lot of remorse.


Like people are like, I ain't got no regrets man. I do. I I had I regret ever picking up a 50 pack. I do. It's 'cause it, the ramifications of it is so crazy. We talking about people who we wasn't allowed to read. I wasn't allowed to do certain things. So how dare I come and set us back destroying more people, more families. It's not one person. It's a family is going through this. You'll be impacted.


So in prison, this is the closest that you'll ever get to slavery. I'm a judicial slave and I know it from the jump reading history, knowing history. I come in, they strip you down. Okay, See that man put his fingers in my mouth to make sure I ain't have nothing in my mouth. I got to squat. Hold my, my butt open for the officer spread.


You gotta do all this. You are you, they give you dehumanizing. They give you a number. They shave your head down, give you a number. Like, like Brandon, you, they put you on a bus, they chain you to another person and you riding for hours and miles. The bus is the ship. I'm still chained.


They put you on a farm and you work no pay. They feed you very little. You in a sale. The man, it it is. They on a horse. Right. You getting mentally whipped. You getting abused. The, the, the, the craziest thing about being in prison was this. I wasn't worried about no inmates.


I was worried about the officers because a lot of these officers, you, you locked up and you in these small towns, everybody, family, any daddy of week, you could have died and they could have covered you up. You 800 miles from home. The closest communication is a letter. Mm. You gotta wait for that to get there. They could kill you and say whatever happened. Who going for find out? Nobody. You know what I'm saying?


That's, it's people that die in the county jail. They put 'em in there and they, and they tuck 'em away. There's people, families down there that's dying. Like if I do my best and somebody I know go to jail, I can do my best to bond you out. Man. You gotta fight for your freedom or fight for your situation when you are on the street. 'cause I know what'll happen in there. Anything can happen in there. So I've seen people get stabbed up just left in they cell. Don't nobody know until the, the, the next shift.


I've seen officers beat people up real bad, put you in the hole. They Don't know if you in there breathing or not. This is the closest to slavery you will ever be. And once you understand this condition, You, You don't want no young kids in this position. You don't want no old people in this position. You, you, you have a a a a healthy respect for the ancestors. What they went through. Right. Just what they went through. Right. And to not honor that.


To not be an honorable person and not have, bro, when I, when I see somebody of my same ethnic group, I'm always gonna smile at you Because I'm happy to see you. We frowning each other too much that we don't even know each other. What you frowning for because you have this persona. I don't have to have no persona of being tough because I already know I'm tough. I'm just like, I see hey, why? Like you see guys in pictures, they not smiling. Why something wrong with your t something wrong with your attitude.


Something wrong with your heart. And that's the thing, a lot of people, they heart, they got a, they got a heart condition. They got black spots on they heart. What's wrong with the heart? What's the man, the community? And we still in, we still in the same condition that we were in the fifties. Same condition. Some situations worse. And people think that they, oh they better 'cause you got some money, man. Money don't really make you nothing. And a lot of people not putting no, they not putting no deposits in their spiritual bank account. They finance, they got financial money. But what about your spiritual bank account?


What about the things that the creator going to count? Right. What about those things? Stop doing everything for show. 'cause it's not, it's not a, it's not a real, It's over for that. Ali. The the internet doesn't ruin that. No. No. Janet, no. I gotta make you believe that I'm something that I'm not. Why? How else would you like me? I I'm gonna like you period. No you won't. Why not? Because they believe that you won't. I know what you're saying, but you see, I I mean the internet be some, I be on ig. They have me question myself. I Liked you. I liked you before the Internet. But I'm saying when you was with the Broncos, I liked you when You was with you before the internet.


But if you think about it, how many times people take, go rent a car, a nice car, rent a house, be go take, spend $5,000 just to go take pictures. Like they going on a private jet. See saying People that do that is crazy. Damn it. It's like people who go on vacation and come back to bills, that's really not a vacation. No. Yeah. Yeah. I, yeah. I don't understand that. You take out a loan to go on vacation. Why would you do that? Because You gotta be seen. Take it to, Hey, I could take that. First of all, I'm not living to take a picture. I do a lot of stuff that, that a picture ain't there for.


Yes. I'm not. Why do I need the picture? What wrong with my, what's wrong with the memory up here? Yeah. See it My man. I, I went somewhere and I didn't tell nobody where I was at. You don't need to, lemme ask you this. When you started selling, obviously when you were, when you are young and you selling drugs, the older guard feel they can take advantage of. They feel they can run down on you because you young you, when you say you went to jail with 19, so 19, the people steal your stuff. Did people did take your stuff. Take What? Your drugs. Damn.


I went to jail four days after I turned 19. I Damn you ain't even getting in. I partied really, really hard. So I I wasn't on the streets at 19th. So my birthday is October 17th, right? October 21st, I'm locked up. Okay. Okay. So before that I got robbed one Time. How'd he get a drop on you? Me thinking fair business. I had dealt with these people before thinking fair business. I get there and they draw down on me and I said, and what we doing?


And people took my drugs and they, they put me in my own trunk. I had a brown Monte Carlo. I, I would pull up and I, I'm, and I'm in the trunk and I'm duct tape. And what I was mad about, I had just moved my tire and I was supposed to put it back. Right. Just put the tire back in there. I ain't put the tire back in there. Right. So I'm in there Uncomfortable, Uncomfortable on this tire. And I'm in the, I'm doing that, doing bad. Right? So when that happened, that changed the whole temperature of the game for me. So now you don't trust nobody. Don't trust nobody. And, and I got them back. Is that, is that the, is that the, the mindset that you have to have that you really don't have friends.


You really can't trust nobody in this situation. Because the moment you let your guard down and start to trust, that's when somebody get the edge on you. I thought, I thought it was honor amongst these and then it changed outta nowhere. It just changed. Just like hip hop folks was rapping positive and then all of a sudden they weren't. Right. Everybody was selling. It's like everybody was selling drugs. But when I came up, it was all type of rappers. None of them was talking about selling drugs. Nope. None of them. But one of your biggest advocates was your mom. Your mom bailed you out several times.


Once She, hold on, hold on. Your mom bailed you out at 16. She put up 2000. She misspoke the truth. Under oath. You bought your mom, you bought your mom a car. I mean you was doing a lot. Yeah. You put your mom in a situation though, bro. Yeah, But the, what's crazy, when I was beefing with a particular ethnic group, these Colombians, we in a war with these people, it'll take me forever to get to my mama's house. 'cause I never, I would never go to her crib unless I, I'm taking all type of routes, make sure nobody following me, getting out, going in places, coming back around.


I, I was doing a lot man, just to go see my mama. I didn't, I I and I stayed away a lot because I was in these beefs and these people would kill my family. Right. Because I would do the same for, they didn't want, they didn't want me to know where they was at. 'cause we beefing this and this is, this is what a beef is when you beefing. Yeah. It's no safety in this. Yeah. Like once people say, oh, I, we in the beef, man, you ain't in no beef. You, you probably y'all, y'all, y'all arguing with each other, but you ain't no beef because of beef. Man is bad.


Yeah, Man. Kill people. Kill your brother, kill your mama. Kill your cousins. Just to, just to flush you out. Just to get you to come out. That's a beef. Ain't no, ain't no rule. Ain't no rules to it. Besides to to, to kill or be killed. But you don't wanna do none of that. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to club. She, she profile. And I'll see you there. You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.