
This is Colin Coward from the Colin Coard podcast.


Help desk software, email tools, pipeline tracking. You don't need more tools to get more out of your business. You just need HubSpot. They're all on one customer. Platforms to dream come true for all your teams. Generate more leads for marketing, help sales close more deals, scale service fast, then watch results and revenues soar. Visit hubspot.com to get started today.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo. Pro Lenovo Lenovo


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound on it. To be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more, check out bos.com.


The Volume. All right man. We back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells saying game with me to my left. My dog Bishop. Be hitting out the prayer least how you what? Nasty. Cool. Un nasty. Let's get to it baby. Another one. Hey, you know what I'm saying? Shout out to you man. I seen the laces drop, you know what I'm saying? Oh yeah man. We going on sale next week. Still working on the little details behind the scenes. Shout out to my dog Eric from SLS for plugging me. You know what I mean? With the shoelace company. It's time baby. This is just the first draft. We got plenty more on the way though. For sure man. And I'm, I'm gonna let you slide out the uniform. You've been habitual man. At least you got on forces today. I respect.


Yeah, it is what it is. I was running from somewhere bro. We just had a pod late for sure. To my right. My dog Young nacho, young Teg. How you what man? I'm on like my house shoe type of time right now. I'm wearing shit that I wear in the house while I'm playing the game. These really my beat 'em ups. I fucked it. I man, my father, I done did so much dirt and these, I didn't cut grass all type of shit in these so I ain't lying bro. We got your DraftKings over and under. Last time Jeff cut grass. Nah for sure. Last week I cut grass, I cut my grass. We not lying more. You got deer plus deer. 1 million deer. One of them deers plus 1 million if you're the deer.


One of them John Deere got one of them the green joints. Me and that motherfucker that's fucking, so I had the blaze too one time. My dad was pissed. Don't mess 'em to crack. Get them motherfucker boosty face. Yeah, he gonna mess up the grass. And that's the funniest shit. Older people do not fucking play about that grass man. They don't bro. I be like, why y'all so serious about the grass bro. And I remember my dad damn near squabble with the neighbor 'cause he be doing everybody yard and shit. So he, he came to my pops, he was like, you know what I'm saying? They try to get my payroll. I, my dad was like fuck you. Like I cut my own grass. Yeah my dad did some shit to his yard. He was high. He didn't ever stopped like a TL pulled up when Ed got in trouble. He was like, you ain't doing that. Right.


My dad was just like, man feel get the fuck away from my house about this rack ass grass. I was like, that's some people pass it bro. Some people feel like really? You definitely gotta make sure that front yard cut. Yeah because if you the nigga on no about that, don't cut his front yard bro. You out of pocket bro. Hey niggas really will hate you for that. Yeah, you get sent fines bro. If you don't cut that front yard bro, you don't wanna be the weakest house on the block. Nah for sure. Damn. Nah. The homeowner association that's real beef bro. They be talking greasy about you at those meetings bro. I'm just real. Yeah, they can talk crazy about me when I lived in five 20 on Halloween. Damn Like all the holidays 'cause everybody else go all out in the neighborhood. And then I have like two things, half lights.


It was, y'all didn't ever do the outside for your Halloween at least. Yeah we did a little bit but not to the extent like everybody else was going like we didn't have enough but they was used to people out. Y'all never silly. Yeah, yeah. Motherfucker had a a a ornament as big as a house. Like Yeah they they took that shit way too serious. Yeah they was going crazy. I gotta ask y'all 2024, what's the like, you know what I'm saying? Y'all got a young cousin in neighbor, whoever. What's the accurate price for like you could give to a kid to cut your grass or somebody to cut your grass Once upon time 20 was good. You know what I'm saying? It ain't good no more. Nah you hell nah. Inflation my boy, the young nigga comes with my grade getting a 20 ball for the front and the back. Your grass is $20 is crazy.


I was gonna say I know it was like 24 the first. Ain't nobody cut my front yard yo. A nigga same for the coochie. 40 mm That's what Twitter said nigga. What coochie you get for 40? That motherfucker is terrible. I don't want to ask you where's but I wanna ask where, what's her dog? This is just Joe's guys? Yeah, yeah. We don't know. Nobody was selling 61 close. I think it was one 40. One 40. That's taxing. That's taxing. Alright let me stop bro. We one 40 they need a promo code.


We're going bleep the school. Yeah it just jokes you. Promo code club five 20. We have to bleep the Yeah it just jokes man. Hey but listen man, Trinity camp for basketball is almost here and my favorite part of the year is always here when we start posting random bullshit workouts. Shout out to my niggas who helped me down on Twitter because the Ben Simmons clips they loaded right on time baby. Oh god. Comeback player of the year. Oh my god. We said that two years in a row bro. I know bro. His, his mind is right. His heart is in a good place bro. How do you know that? He single bro, I'm tapped in bro. This podcast has put me in indoors bro. That I've been able to build relationships with certain people Be in his back And, we off to a good start bro.


Go Brooklyn bro. That nigga, I hope he plays well. I hope he is back but anytime they show me videos of Bench Slim and shooting jumpers and fade away, I just, we gotta slim down a little bit, you feel me? Nigga down there Bill like me with that cutoff on. But I train the camp of getting him back together though. Chris Brinkley put live fire in there. He said he's back to where he was all star for. I said all right y'all know what, y'all know what they do to these clips. Oh they gonna run it back that first game boy Chris Brickley just ruined his reputation with that take right there. I got some bad takes but that might be the worst. Nah, I think Ben is back bro.


Ben his back. I hope he back but I would not put myself out on the limb and say that after I would've been like he putting in work, you know what I'm saying? Like yeah he trying to get back, he's trying to get back like he went straight for the bullshit. He said he looking the best. He's looked ever in his career. I'm like nigga did you have you seen him in the last three years and I the best in his career is crazy And I've seen the, the clips from two years ago where he was shooting the threes in transition. I'm like I'm always seeing turnarounds on this one. So this is the progression. Yeah Kobe. All right, move on. Not Kobe white. Kobe white. Not Kobe white. Not not I said not Kobe White. Not definitely Kobe. You talking about, I was just talking about the turnaround bro.


The turnaround. No disrespect to Kobe Brown but I don't even know Kobe Brown. That's the new nigga in the league. In the league. I seen him. His name be on 2K so he in the league so Oh yeah. Shout out to KB then. How you know nigga be getting a nigga know nigga everybody who gonna fuck it, you the real kb? Nah it's a Kobe Brown in the league so I just see that he on two kb. He probably didn't spell his name with a I. The reason I figured out this nigga's name was Kobe Brown because nigga I thought I was getting Kobe Bryant jump shot. How old is he? Put piss shirt talking about you was new my player. I was doing my player and I was trying to get a new jump shot and I put Kobe Bryant but it was Kobe Brown and that's how I figured out somebody named Kobe Brown in the league. We seen him.


We seen him. Yeah he was in our window. Shout to Kobe Bryan. My fault brother. Yep, he sure was. He stayed at the The ward off. Yeah Ward. Yeah Ward off. Shout to him. Shout out to Kobe Brown. Speaking of my player its is I gotta send it to the group chat. They said my mob player has shades of Carl Malone, Josh Gideon, Dwight hair and then the quote tweets they put R Kelly in this DPL jersey. But if you put 2K and yo and that's your reference point is Carl Malone, Josh Gideon, Dwight. I don't know what type of player that is. That nigga. That's sad. That ain't gonna lie. That nigga's a big guard like what a powerful playmaking forward combining Josh Gideon, Dwight.


It's crazy. Shout to Dwight man. I seen him on Dancing with the Stars. Hell looking like Big Groove but ain't that a nigga name. We call him the ugly gorilla or something. Name dancing Gorilla Nigga be Ja Ray this shit. Yeah and I don't never hate on nobody get no bread bro. But that was one nigga I did not wanna see on my timeline no more bro. Yeah bro. Dwight looked just like that nigga man dancing in them blood outfits. That nigga was out of pocket bro. I hate shout to Dwight man. Dwight big groove. Dwight call a wrestling outfit bro. I hate you that nigga bro. They gonna do a verse come one day. Shout to Dwight man we we gonna do that joint pod too man.


Shout to that man. Hey Po I'm happy to clarify that. Yeah, podcast pod, podcast podcast. Nothing else joint. Just podcast. Shout to my dog man. I gotta ask what's better the Ben Simmons clips or the 37 U football clips because they getting to it. 37 U bro. That shit is fired though. That that's the shit I'm playing in. Fuck. Sign me up Zaire. Fuck it coach look like them. I can get out there. Fuck. So that's the NFL version. The Tea League Factory League. That's a factory. That's a, that's a factory league. That'll be lit. You don't need to play that shit.


Bubby. Bubby and Tina for a hundred percent. Oh I'm shitty Fat, fat fatty. Oh my God. Yes, yes my nigga Fat. Fat. Oh my god. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. And Brandon? Yeah Brandon he need to play in it. Bubby Keen and Brandon Fatty. Y'all need to be in the 3,700 and then the niggas on the C court. Oh that's why your lineman is at. Yeah we can make us a team. We can make us. That's the 5, 20, 37 team with it. We can make them niggas on the C Court. Shout I to my nigga Hin and them. Hey court crazy. Shout out.


That's nigga now my nigga when I sitting you down here playing with the, playing with his Par, playing with his partners. Oh God. D's still in shape. Shout out to my nigga Nothin and them down there on the C court bro. For real to what's so crazy is playing in the men's league is already crazy at 30 plus playing football at 35 is insane Man. Bubby. I'm telling y'all this is, this is Bubby. This was made for Bubby bro. Oh yeah my nigga Bubby do would go crazy in that league. This was killer. He's a real dope athlete. He still, to me my nigga Bub is the best athlete outta Indiana bro. I'm sorry bro.


Man. Alright man. What bro? I love Bubby to death. He is not the best athlete. He got up outta here bro. No, I'm not saying I'm a better athlete but he's a better athlete than Jeff. James Banks was a way better athlete than Oh James Banks did not bubby. I I don't want you get fired from your job or nothing bro. But I'm talking about like how we did the crackheads. My nigga wasn't no crackhead or nothing but alcoholics at 17, my nigga to drink a fifth of Ciroc bro and go kill niggas. He used to go who? With Tony and them at IEPY bro and kill bro. Tony we shout my nigga drunk bro. Pissy drunk bro. Listen bro, he was, we 17, 18 years old though. I love Bubby to death. He wasn't a better athlete than James Span. He'll tell you himself.


He wasn't a better Nah Bubby won't 'cause Bubby. Think he better bubby. Think he could beat Floyd Mayweather up Bubby said he can damn get in the ring with Mike. Yeah I'm Mike. Oh yeah, yeah but he ain't gonna do too much with Bub. I love, love Bub but he always be. I'm just saying bro just, just because my nigga used to be intoxicated and killed too. That's the reason why I'm giving. But James Banks sober. Sober. Yeah. Gimme James Banks. No, James Banks used to be under the influence. That's why he got kicked outta school now he matched his level. Yeah, I don't know. James Banks off of fifth best athlete I ever seen bro. James fifth bro. We talk about drug abusers and shit bro. And but smoke we, I don't talk about drug abusers so if you putting James James Banks in there. But did y'all see this is just a sidebar. Do y'all watch y'all know who Ralo is that just got out?


Yeah. Did y'all see his post with the homie? He shouted out what and the niggas in the picture with Yeah, I changed this nigga life in 50 years. Nobody gave smoke crack no more. This is the worst shout out you can ever ra low. But I man that's like the drew we changed this, this fuck nigga's life. Oh man we changed this broke nigga life. That shit is crazy. Don't help nigga say he don't gotta do crack. I do remember ju changed his broke nigga's life. Man. When I see Ra Laroy there bro, this nigga ain't gotta do crack no more. I said hey bro.


Man what's mad is don't even shout me out bro. T it was the end of the paragraph. Yeah because he had said some white words stuff than that. I said don't even shout me out when you guys fail. He said in 50 years nobody gave him a chance but I did. God damn bro. You said he ain't been shit for 50 years. It's crazy bro. And now you don't gotta do crack no more. Don't worry man. Woo Ry boy I fuck with you. That lost me though. But I'ma go ahead wild nigga for that bro. Shout to all my niggas in the 37 Youth Football league. Man I hope that y'all have Immaculate Healthcare. I hope Y ain't doing crack no more. They might need to. I saw that helmet to helmet. Y'all niggas have to get up and go to work in the morning bro. Like it is a passion bro. Bubby we signing you up.


Not everybody gonna be asking me about Bubby asking bro who the fuck is this bubby nigga? Shout to my nigga. Find Clinton find the highlights. Oh my God. Hey man. Speaking of football man. Free price on man. That boy got put in purgatory from the beginning of his career man. He don't deserve shit he going through right now man. That's fucked up man. I told y'all done Panthers are the worst team in football man. Well now it's the real ad's term man. Who? The real ad? Yeah. Andy Dalton. I know you fucking lying. I gonna say damn. I thought you told Davis' playing football never shit. Never. Yeah my boy dog man, dog man he he got right up out his trap in Cincinnati.


Man. He back again. He back bro. Shout out to him man. Don't show Bryce how to do it bro. Bro. Show him how to do what? Put the headphones on Bryce. Grab a clipboard free price. Grab the clip because this shit look like any given Sunday right now at this point. Nigga grab the clip. My boy, they the Panthers are ass but they just released a person who had the motorcycles for their team the first two games. Yeah. I don't even know what they're trying to do. I don't know what they trying to do either. I ask for a trade immediately. Damn. I man a trade right now. Yeah the fuck they trying to, Justin Phil's my dog. Shit that's even worse than that. 'cause at least Justin got to play with a a No they weren't that competent but they was way better than that. But at least he got a chance been running for his life since week one up last year.


That shit crazy man. And it's fucked up 'cause he, he would get labeled as a quote unquote bust because he was the number one pick but he got put in one of the worst situations you could get put in. That nigga has been playing terrible though. Like come on. It's been bad bro. I mean fuck what? I don't know what you want him to do. I mean I don't at every position they are lacking. They lacking at every position. You right, but go Lee cam time back up bro. Carolina needs you. Yeah listen. He going to die I think Kim right? Huh? I think Cam right. I think Cam still stay in shape. You feel what I'm saying? He that Segar on the show but I think he still, if Cam knew went to go play for the Panthers right now, he would be worse than Bryce bro.


They would. They would kill him. They would purposely be trying to kill him. Nah bro. If any dog get a chance bro, he gonna give my boy Kim Newton a chance to trying to tell you bro he'd be worse than Bryce right now. There's nobody that you put in that situation that makes it better. I don't know man. We just gotta figure it out. I'll mean way till the end of the year. Rebuild again. Man. Nigga, nigga. They tank just tank bro. Nigga still the team he, they benched him the second week of the fucking end. It had just started bro. There is multiple weeks. Know how the N NFL's cutthroat get right or get lost. Show the team man. Three interceptions, two games get right or get lost bro. Gotta get him out there. 220 yards. It's a new you bro.


Every day bro. As a new you every day bro. Then they're looking at CJ STR playing that late game like fuck we messed up. Yeah, we knew that though. Everybody knew CJ was the best one out of that group. And it's still early though, y'all, it's only week two ain. He got off week two. That's what I said bro. For them to shut him down now is crazy bro. Short as fuck though. Alright. I mean yeah but he's cold like was cold. That nigga he short bro. I like he a little quarterback. He five 10 like bro you knew nigga you knew what's up. Like I knew he was gonna struggle in the league and what's crazy is how they do ar like I told y'all it don't matter how much people feel good about you yo. After that loss they was just like, hey what's up?


It don't even matter. Like the coach better not even there. Think of that shit. What you mean? Shit, niggas gotta perform shit. I, I remember them days being on the chopping block then Theder of Nicks fuck you der on your heels yo. Man I remember they was saying that shit too. I was nothing bro. Nigga I wasn't. I was like what? Fuck no. I'm like yo what y'all, we ain't watching the same shit but shout out to that nigga man. He built a nice Was that your first year about to leave? About the, was that the first time you was finna go to Milwaukee? Yep and he came. Yep. Yep. I remember that whole ass shit. Yeah. And what's funny about it is people don't even know that like they could put a battery in your back and you don't even have no problem with somebody.


But it's just like I keep hearing this nigga name that y'all talk to me about now I'm gonna just kill him. You can't have no problem with somebody but just like oh I've heard this name up to me now it's up. Yeah, I ain't never had no problem with nobody but I, the only reason I, me and Dennis like didn't see eye to eye is 'cause he was from a different country so he ain't understand like how shit went like he was just like he ain't really understand yet. So he was showing me shit that like the GM was saying like the GM was sending the assistant GM was sending him stats like you're gonna be a starter one day. Like you're gonna be the guy, you're gonna be the guy like your stats compared to his stats and like you not supposed to do that as a G Assistant gm. But he was showing me like this is what West sent showed me.


And I'm like what is this like lemme say show me some more like it. He ain't even know like he like yeah I'm gonna start one day. Wes said I'm gonna start one day. And I'm like nigga you talking to the starter nigga like, but he didn't even understand at that time. Mm but Wes didn't like me though. Or if he did fuck you nigga. Yeah some shit keep to yourself. Lame ass nigga. Yeah but West is a funny dude, I be giving people passes for being from another country. I'm saying because whole ass shit is whole as shit. Maybe he was trying to shit on me. I didn't give a fuck. I was like I'm gonna go somewhere else and do what I gotta do. But my bad, he was trying show high this, he was showing me it's still love when he come on. If he come on the show it's love it.


It's still love now. Like I was hype, I was hype for him to get his opportunity 'cause he, he did what he was supposed to do. But Wes Wilcox I I, I don't got no problem with Wes. It was just funny 'cause he had, he used to always tell me I got a black wife. I black nigga I don't give a fuck. I hate When people do that shit. Bitch I black whatcha trying to Black Prince. I used be like, he like my wife's black. I don't give a fuck. Alright respect, shout to the queens. I was just like why you all of them? Why you keep telling me that you over you over here? Shit Don hate you keep telling me my wife's black.


That's I'll still be at the cookie. I'm home. What The fuck? I don't have nothing against you. My wife's black the fuck outta here. Maybe one day we'll have a round table then this Mr. West. He guys no I I I fuck with West Wilcox. He was cool. I mean he got, he so this is how it worked. Just stop right there. No, no this is how it worked. Fuck when you draft somebody and that's your pick, you want your pick to play and do well 'cause that look good on you. So I resume understood it. I ain't no hater. I understood he picked Dennis like nigga I got picked by Rick's son, he was gone. I wasn't a, I wasn't a guy so I got it but it was just funny like when you start knowing the business and you see it's just funny to me.


Like he be like, Hey what's up Teg? I'm like nigga you don't even, I know you just did all that shit with Dennis. Like yeah, yeah. He'd be like yeah you know man wife's black Trying keep shit smooth. Yeah like I might trade you next week but wife's black. Yeah like alright man shout out to you guy. But the business in basketball is why you see a lot of like random ass things happen. You but like why does that happen? But then like you said, you get judged upon what happens during your regime. It don't matter. That's facts. Before you came in there, y'all successful, your tenure is what matters. So they will empty out, bottom out, do whatever they gotta do. But nigga I need credit for my wins and losses in my peace. Yeah. That's why it's never no love loss in sports for me.


'cause I understand like you gotta do a job, I gotta do a job and if I ain't doing it, you gotta get your guy in there to get it done. Facts. 'cause your job is on the line too. So I never had no hate against Wes. It's just jokes. But same thing with Dennis. I never had no beef with Dennis. 'cause I understood like you got picked. It's your time with Sean. They want you here. Yeah. You, you could tell Dennis ain't know nothing about America. 'cause he came here with that, that rookie lineup. Woo. We Shout to my boy. He, he, he got, he got adapted real quick. Like he got ta it, he started doing everything. He got PCO 2K and ran it up man. What he, he got, he adapted America quick as hell. He got the win sleeve of pants. She can't even tell you person.


Yeah that boy adapted, that boy moved that hairline to the front of the motherfucking classroom. Got he adapted quick as hell. The first hairline BBL Oh god a nigga They had the first unit in the real Steve Harvey Don don't make this a real don't do, don't do my rook like that. That that was don't don't make it a real but that shit was funny though. Don't do my rook like that. I did got that quick. I Hey that Mother fucking crazy.


Hey, I think he used to cut his own hair at first. Got a Oh Man, come on please. Y'all can't make it A real dog. Can't. I'm not. You gotta let people find on my personal one they they fuck if you on man. Oh man. Shout out to the Louis before and after. Send that to me here. What y'all think, this is crazy.


This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, they'll find the one again and again the latest sneak drop. You can't stop thinking about one of a kind street where you're dying to wear in fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet on eBay. You'll feature your eyes on the full meal of hard to find fines, start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make a designer collab your main course, the cherry on top. A timeless watch or iconic rear handbag and the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures in rare fashion eBay things people love


When it comes to business. The people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and play your interviews. We've got you covered for all things Football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer star, Kabir, Baja bi Amila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey GB, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabir journey but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football. The search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I Felt like I was living in North Korea but worse. If that's possible, Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week. But I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic and of course Colleen Wolf. This is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I Don't know why. Colleen catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Speaking of the NBA man, shout to Wge man. Whoa. Step down. My boy retired, going back to his alma mater. Do some work and the internet is like damn shams. Run him up out that track. Low key. Low key. Yeah man. Now, now we about to, we about to see how it's gonna work now man they been going crazy. They low key had to tell them to stop tweeting the picks for the draft type stuff. Like they really woes really took like the the business and like outside of sports, the year round aspect. He was a big part of that. Them having all the intricate parts and all the details. The woe bombs. That shit was critical to the game man. Yeah that shit's crazy. Would y'all leave that type of position to go be a GM at your old school? Ain't no telling like ain't no tell what type of bread he got from there.


So is it, you think it's about the money or just something that he really want to do because what is that role? What is that role? It made it for him probably yesterday. It sounds like. Okay. It was custom made for him. He's been the advocate for that school for the same amount of veterans. He's been an advocate for his alma mater a long time. Yeah and also, I mean shit he was, he been a PN since 2017. I think he's been doing it obviously before then. Man he just trying to move on nigga 55. Like shout out to woes man. Doing what you want to do and enjoying life. Intricate part man. But I, I think they trying to, you know what I'm saying, get de shas to, you know what I'm saying? Take over that spot. They trying to get Chris Hayes to say mission to being in that spot. I could see Chris Hayes being in that spot. He's always got one-on-ones so play. I got shas new chain on the way.


Oh yeah. Can't wait to see you nasty. Yeah, next time we run shas it's gonna be a different situation that come gonna be super slick. Boy shit he might not even talk to us now. Oh damn. He going Hollywood. He better not. Yeah he be a block on five 20. Shout he love you. Yeah, he's cool. Yes, he good people though so yeah. I'm glad he put in a lot of work though. Nah for sure. Yeah so for sure he was dude he's do is respect for sure. And what's cool about it is like you see like in those situations as you know you gotta build those relationships with players and everybody else. You have to have a good rapport with everybody. I know they said there was some tension with like wolves and clutch and certain information was getting filtered certain places. But I mean come on bro. He did it at the highest level for a very long time.


I what else was he supposed to do? Nah man he did, he did his work. He ain never really moved to Sheisty know. Nah he a legend. Yeah. Yeah he made his mark in the NBA and then sports. So he good man. Yeah bro. Some of the walls shit won confirmed nigga till Woe said it. That's a fact. So, and it's crazy because I seen a lot of the other beat writers under their breather like yes niggas be hating 'cause they'll come through, they'd be cool with the team. They'd be waiting for that information. Patient reporters be waiting for the info woes drop that shit. Niggas be in the media room mad than the motherfucker. It's different bro. Yeah fuck 'em though. Shout out to Woe. Ain't nobody better shout out to Woes but nobody's better than what's my man from the NFL?


Oh Adam sch bro. He's wow go He he he's unbelievable bro. He had all the info. Yeah bro. He had that market cornered up bro. Yeah, facts. But see that's crazy. There's gonna be a point where because but I think Adam, she personality probably helped better woes but talking stuff on tv. But you could tell like it was like he would do it but that wasn't really him. Yeah Adam she go there and love talking his shit. Yeah because he know niggas can't do nothing. He do it. He got the N NFL sold the fuck up. Oh God. That's crazy. Oh god. Because I was thinking about some of the like craziest moments. Do y'all remember where y'all was when y'all found out where K went to the Warrior? Yeah nigga I was done. I was like is my seasons fucking over? We ain't about to win shit.


Damn fucking KD going to the worst. The biggest one was when LeBron Oh yeah went to the heat though bro. The Decision is crazy bro. Him pulling up to that Boys and Girls Club say yeah, fuck y'all one of Miami. One of my favorite things about talk. Yeah that I remember that more than I remember kd, I remember kd, I knew like something was gonna happen. Like man you taking all these meetings and shit, you not about to just go back to OKC. You know what I mean? Like I knew something was gonna happen but, and I knew same thing with Brian. I just didn't think he was going to the he, I thought he was gonna New York but I thought Brian was going to Chicago. That would've been crazy. But when that came out that was a possibility. I don't know why.


I just felt he was going, he just used to show Derrick Rose so much love bro. I was like damn, I think that nigga finna go rock out with D Rose and bring Wade Woody. What's crazy is I think that at any point in that time, if LeBron would've picked any of them places, I don't know about he'd be in New York. But if he would've went to Chicago, probably would've said had the same impact as a heat, he would've won multiple championships at that point. LeBron was just whatever was gonna help him, it didn't matter who, he couldn't go play where Mike played though. That's a different level of scrutiny. You don't think he could've lived up to? Nah, he, I mean LeBron, he surpassed every single thing that's ever been put on him. But it just don't look good for the history. Like going to play with where Mike played.


Like it's different going to play where Kobe played 'cause Magic played Derrick Shaq played Derrick, they got a history, they got a bunch of great players but like yeah we don't even know who was before Mike. Nobody. It is just Mike. Like Chicago is Mike one of them niggas with a cigarette next year? It is Chicago, it is Mike. It is Mike and then Scotty and then it's D Rose and yeah some people will say it is Mike D. Rose, you know what I mean? Yeah, definitely Mike then D Rose, that's, it would've been crazy if LeBron would've wore 23 in Chicago. He out of pocket. That would've been far. He would've had worse six because he went to six in Miami. But it would've been far if he was 23 in Chicago. Like fuck you, Hey Mike, I need this.


No way. That's so hard. No way Nike might have made that call. No way. That've been a nasty jersey bro. Niggas would've hated LeBron for real if that would've happened bro. No way. If he would've went 23 in Chicago, bro, they would've hated him. No way bro. It wouldn't, it wouldn't have hit the same, it wouldn't New Jerseys. Yeah, no way. That Jersey is too iconic. Yeah bro. No way that that Jersey is too iconic bro. It didn't even look right when Mike had on 45 like niggas like get that 45 outta here. Yeah that's whack. Yeah man that would've fucked the world up. A already had LeBron, they would've really had LeBron if he the with Jordan number bro. How many more years y'all think he really got left on on some real shit? Three. Yeah, I can see three.


He's still playing at a high level right now. He must to be 40. He at a high level right now. He gotta get to that medium point where all and then he gotta have a year where he just farewell like yeah I know I ain't the shit no more but I'm still cool but I'm go ahead and get outta here. You think he'll, you think the last couple years will be with the Lakers? Yeah he gonna stay in la. I wish he would've went to Cleveland or something. That'd be hard. But like he gonna stay in LA if he go back to his last year in the NBA and do it with the Cavs. That'd be far. That'd be hard. That would be far because I mean they not about to win shit so he could wild out that whole last year. Oh bro. The Lakers fan base ain't gonna let him wild out that last year.


They don't care about his farewell. They probably gonna get the farewell bro. No, no, no. For 1000% that's bro. But not like he would if he was with Cleveland. If he was in Cleveland bro, he could that last year bro. He could play whatever type of basketball he wanted. Nobody would care. Nobody would give a fuck. Nah in LA some niggas gonna to go over there with him though. Nah, go wild out bro. Nah. So last year I gotta bring some of my old homies too. He gonna bring D Wade back. Yeah, my old dog, not D Wade but of my old niggas is still in the league. Oh. I was like he gonna bring back the oh seven K Yo Gibson. Ain't none of his niggas still in the league. Booby Gibson, he's well Booby Gibson working at the pink right now.


Don't do that. I just seen Boo. He doing good man. See me. You seen man, he's on a podcast. Oh okay. He doing good. He's a G in the 37 U league. Okay. Wasn't that pod there? He was one of 'em some February, June. Niggas in from Houston. Oh they got a podcast respect with nigga man fucking po. Why you keep adding February in this dj? DJ put on Black History Month. So there it is. I told you Frederick, his mother is not Frederick. What's all the letters lg Don't do it. Nope, it's okay. Don't do it. It's all I always wanted. The bitch's strongest Harriet Tubman on.


They said Harriet Tub to have a wagon for everybody to follow next season. Said they don't follow him with no ass after next season. LeBron would've played the most season for a in history. Just go back to that. Oh my God I, I honestly, I ain't really like I can't wait for this season for the NBA move like no ass is crazy though. Yeah lemme tell me where to go. Your legs not doing shit and hell no. Her being the first GPS is crazy. You call her map.


This was cold though. No not new pictures. I'm talking about memory impeccable though. Yeah because she looked like what she went through. For sure. Bru stop bruh. They said she look a Harriet Winslow yo know she did bruh. She was good people bruh. I love her too. Me. You got it. He I loveton. Nah I do bro. Shout out to our pioneers man. Oh lord. I'm not laughing at them bro. They are dumb bro. Hey I she join her truth was weak as fuck though. So they nigga I love her but, but when I used to see her fight I was like yeah she, I always wanted to see what's the old girl from the back of the bus?


Rosa, Rosa Park Rosa. I said her nigga had a car. I shoulda called that bitch Ms. Jackson. But that's Outkast then they said Rosa Park, they said her husband got a car, had a car the whole time. They said that's, they said that Rosa wouldn't, that was the finesse. They said somebody else did that. They said wasn't Rosa, they said that Rosa was just harder than her so she had to be the face of the movement. But they said her nigga had a whip so she wasn't really locked into the, to the, to the sacrifice. Oh God. They said her nigga had a whip. Imagine fucking up the bus with everybody and then you get in the car with your nigga and everybody else like damn I gotta walk to work. That's crazy. That's crazy of all. First of all bitch, why y nigga got you on the book? I stole my car Jody What in her name that Ms. Jackson Pussy wasn't in no shit.


Hate, hate that. Look at the baby boy. I hate that fucking movie bro. I watched it the other day bro. That's one of the best movies of all time. Swear God that be so ass. He was a piece of shit bro. That nigga said he was a terrible person. You just want your mama to be your girl. That's my girl nigga. Get the fuck outta my house man. Hey your stepdaddy that big bro. You gonna have to take the words bro. I'm sorry you see that he pushed him so hard as she flew back. Man I wish my step pops would've ever drank some fucking Kool-Aid. I ain't had no step pops but, but nigga came in my house drinking some Kool-Aid nigga there smacking my mama nigga. I swear to God it's up any nigga that got Step Daddy's bro.


You are a strong motherfucker bro. Hey what made it crazy? He asking nigga hey you want some bro I'm burning you shit truck you would tear her up walking through that house. I said it's my house. It's that nigga said old nigga Squally squats. He with you. Hey. I said oh nigga Squally squat. What? That nigga ain't been range that nigga Melvin. Melvin nigga and Jody the Ellis, he got his first paycheck and went and got his girl cards. Some rims in the tent. How did he do that with 400? Why that nigga sell sun dresses, max dresses stolen that movie's ass bro. Nah you hate classic Look at that shit bro.


Bro he took his, he took his a nigga a parole at your bitch house. Nigga get the fuck outta here bro. That movie ass bro. Who fuck your fort. He had a lot of obstacles to overcome nigga. He was his old obstacle. That was, that's a hell of a video game to be. I swear to God man. Nigga it's tough. That nigga say that drinks in real life. Oh god that movie was real but he took his baby mama car to his baby mama house. That's when I realized Jody was noia a goat. He wasn't shit but to pull that off and to see in the like the edited versions of that movie. I mean the unedited parts how close they live bro.


He is a legend. They live around the corner from each other. He was pulling up, he got that shit cracking though. Niggas really start taking they bitch to work as you're going other like make me some food over the he was he There? I say I'm hungry nigga. I'm in the shower dropping your girl off at work and then being light picking her up because you had your other bitch creek. No, she called his mama and said me and my son are here walking because Jody didn't. Oh man there's so Many life lessons from that movie man. Iconic. Please watch Baby Boy if you haven't seen it in the Bro Tyrese, come on show Black Classic Black Classic.


Ah yeah that your ass. Hey man I had that I, I saw the clip and I seen, you know what I'm saying? The real BG squaring up Rka Jackson. Yeah I saying WNBA postseason about to get here and the first thing everybody said to me was like you gotta show this to him. And I was like he's a new WNBA fan. He already locked in. I know bro. I I I wish he would've swung Carter on pops bro. A hundred percent bro. Now listen they swung Carter on pop. Niggas not gonna fight the NBA but if they start fighting in the WO it's about to get wicked. They need that, they need that. Just bring some extra riffraff to the league because they don't really fight in the NBA. It can get there kind of but they need that bro. It's good for the sport. I always like when it's fight ball be competitive.


Yeah be competitive for sure. Also shout out to Asia Wilson crazy season ever. Most buckets ever in the season thousand she got first in everything. Efficiency going crazy this year. Nah she had a MV she MVP for sure. Ah. Unanimous ain't even a question I think and she's on that like that last year that like not the last last time that Steph on the chip. You know what I'm saying? When he was like the like he was the mar key had help but he was that I think this is what she on this year. I think she might really surprise niggas in the playoffs. I know it's a lot of good tease but when she locked in like that bro it ain't much you can do with her bro. She really cold. She really cold. I to my daughter Enrique too. She was the first to get to 4,000 points to child Tarique four. Hey that's tough. Yep. 4K points.


You know what it is. For sure, for sure. Get straight to it. Listen man I'm interested to see, you know what I'm saying? The season just wrapped up, you know what I'm saying? If Fever got to succeed, I think they still waiting to see who they gonna match up with. Let's go. But I think what's scary is listen we got two players who can get 60 and I don't think it's too many teams who can get you that. It's a couple. Hey get the fuck outta here hold y'all, y'all, y'all match up with the ACEs bro. That shit is Oh no I don't want the ACEs at all. I'm saying the Connecticut Sun I ain't too scared of, we ain't really worried about nobody. Minnesota links aint Well we got a big three bro. We up Who the third Boston Aaliyah. Man she the two. Nah, Kelsey Mitchells the two. She is now since All Star Break. Kelsey Mitchell.


Shit Boston built like motherfucking Carl Malone nigga Clarence Witherspoon ain't no way. She too I'm saying she two options number two. Oh okay. You know we call the sg the twos get it right. She's number two bro. Everything out clear. She the number two option. Shit Boston number two option. Nah it's it, it's Kelsey. It's not, it's Kelsey. Now listen bro, I'm I'm really excited. I mean I think that the scary part is the fever could fuck around and sneak somebody and the way that they've been scoring I feel like it's gonna be a tough, I think they could force the game three. That's how I'm, I'm looking for. So I don't think we gonna win a first round match 'cause we had a hell of a year to climb up. But going to the next season, shit about to get different.


Yeah I, I got make my take, I gotta take my take back man. When I said that shit was gonna die off next year it's because she made it to the playoffs that the fever Indiana, they, we ba we are a basketball state. So now that the fever good. I remember how it was when Tamika and it was good. Hell yeah people went to the game. So now that we good people still going to go but so you see bro a problem. They really fucked it up though. They should have been sad they could have got one more piece. Yeah, I I think they, I mean shit they was on their way to the beginning of the year. Yeah after all our break they would've got the number one pick again but yeah but see we would've had to trade it 'cause we don't need Paige. Why? 'cause we got the better one already there.


Oh Caitlin Clark. I'm saying shit Paige too. I, I'd rather have Kelsey Mitchell at this point Paige gonna be cold but did you see Seattle getting a crazy, crazy nigga Caitlin Clark and Paige Nigga this would be the most turned shit since Peyton Manny James and Marvin Harrison. Oh listen, if it'd be crazy Indiana Fever have two white guards in the back court. Listen him was there, it was already sold out for a random Sunday game while the coach was playing them two together would've been crazy. Yeah they need a wing though. They don't need another guard. They need a wing. They listen. I'm like Bob Knight when it come to this what they said I need a center start Michael Jordan, that center. That's what that nigga told him.


He said nah we need a big start Michael Jordan that center. What fuck you talking about? You know what's crazy for, you know what I'm saying? Bobby Knight to be a generational hater for him to come in in the world. He said no this is the best player ever. Then it was crazy facts bro because he hated on Barkley. He called him Fat and Trash but he said no Michael Jordan the best basketball player I've ever seen in my life. Man, he ain't lie. Nah, he damn sure didn't lie to go for sure. But yeah man, WNA postseason, hey I love that. I love the way that they play. Like I always love they postseason like even with the women's Final four, like WNBA postseason get wicked and you got a lot of good teams now. Yeah the the league going up, especially with they getting another team in Portland. I, I wonder how that's gonna play. I I don't think it's gonna be next year but I wonder if that's gonna be the team that goes straight to Juju.


Portland is 2026. Yeah so that's what gonna be what? Nah, she won't be there then. They might though it is 25 next year. It's 26. She'll be what Junior? Yeah. Shit that might be her, her franchise 27. Nah, she gonna be, she graduated in 27. Well they're gonna be she a freshman, sophomore. Yeah. Yeah she'll be Raven 27. Don't be sad that first year for sure. 'cause it's gonna be extension. Well sad it's another team though coming. It's port, it is Golden State next year then Portland and then it's one more What team was that? I ain't hear about the other one. Yeah, I knew the Golden State one. It was Golden State already 25 Portland, Portland and it's one more team. I gotta do my Google so I ain't tapped in the third team.


Third is expanded the third team that's coming up the, for the WNBL is, I mean I think, I mean I'm happy that they get to a point to where they can quote unquote, I guess afford these players because you was having people who was getting drafted first round picks getting white before turn kick. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That shit crazy. Nah, that's what's up. Yeah, the league is growing and is, and the brand is strong and I think that one of them I think probably that pull team where whatever the last one is, somebody gonna be mad as hell 'cause they gonna tank the whole year. Still got not get the number one pick. They gonna send Juju to her own franchise and build around which they should anyway. That'll be crazy. Yeah. Especially on that in the west coast area. Yeah, we'll see the play. Golden State Toronto. Toronto. Toronto. When's Toronto? If you don't mind me asking. 2026. Oh they come in the same year.


Okay. Gold State is next year. Yeah, gold State's coming in next year. So Toronto on Portland 2026. Damn. Well I wonder how they gonna do that draft situation because you know how they did like the NBA stuff, that little supplemental draft. But shit, I'd be mad if I'm a sad team in the W 'cause what if Paige just go straight to West Coast? That's that's far like oh they automatically get number one pick because they build a That's crazy. I'll be hype on page. Oh yeah for my own franchise. What's exciting is that they got their own little league still here in the summer. I mean for the winter for them. Yeah they putting it, they put together BNA Stewart a lot. Yeah, Brianna Stewart. Yeah they had their own league. So I heard a lot of girls talking about they're gonna be staying here over this next year or whatever playing in that league.


So that should be cool. It might keep the momentum going so it needs to bro, which is far bro. Like you said, they got enough resource, enough people investing, they, they should be able to have a, a successful league throughout the season. They shouldn't have to go overseas to get I'm a fan now 'cause I ain't coming to Baghdad goddamn damn. So you shouldn't lay up. Yeah, I'm not waking up and watching you play at fucking Germany at 6:00 AM Yeah I'm not that invested but shit. Shout out to the W man. Y'all think the NBA? I mean we know it probably will but how soon you think we'll probably expand? Because I asked about that question with LeBron is if he get a team in Vegas bro I could see him playing this last year or some type of year there. I need the Supersonics to come back. That is Yeah, Seattle definitely deserves a team. They said that's what, that's probably the next one up. Yeah. Okay. C was like we'll give him the records back.


I'm like how noble view Of course nigga it ain't Charles please go back to Seattle. Yeah bro. That'll be tough because Gary Payton jersey can't be up in, okay see but it needs to be somewhere. I don't know where else the NBA team can go though. You can make it make sense. I thought Vegas was already on the road. I'm talking about besides Vegas. What Whatcha talking? I mean they said Mexico City, Vegas. Oh They putting niggas in Mexico and the NBA team. NBA team is in Tulum bro. Them niggas is not gonna win no games. That'd be lit. The niggas is going 20. That'd be lit. Nah, they gonna win all the games nigga. Think about what nigga, that's how Atlanta is, Atlanta, Miami. They home records be fired because niggas come there and go crazy.


I see the vision. You gotta go see the record. When West Coast teams come to the east coast and play in like New York, Atlanta, Miami. When they come they be trash. Oh my god. Niggas be having a field day. That makes sense. Them field trips hit different. I used to play the West Coast teams when it was in Atlanta it was a guaranteed dub. I know y'all about to be drunk. Parties booked. Y'all got five, six girls front row. I'm like I ain't seen them before. They definitely here for y'all. Okay. Know what you did last night? No you ain't ready to hoop. Damn they I to come on the court and gas 'em too. Like last night was crazy. Wasn't that boy.


They was like nigga I can't believe you live here. I yeah you do this shit every night. No you don't feel like hooping. That's crazy. That's a hell of a luxury to have though. That's real home court advantage. Yeah, facts bro. Hey man, we'll be here again. Bri Ritter got online. She said, you know what I'm saying? Our new faith, you know what I'm saying? Made her have some lifestyle changes. Well Mike said don't dive too much into the faith. No shout out to everybody. Faith, what you believe in Hanta? Jamar Neil, what? You know what I'm saying? What she was doing before, you know what I'm saying? A little bit frowned upon of what she's practicing right now. And she said but you know what, that's what always happen.


Niggas go to jail and get a favor with a part with a port hit. The girls turn from Boppers to motherfucking sister Act two. She was sister act two so she was a bopper. So Bri who? Oh who? Brinny Renner refreshing. Oh boy. Baby mama from the Hornets youngster from Kentucky, PJ Washington. Oh, oh okay. Oh, oh okay. I know what you're talking about. Yeah, so she, what the fuck she converted over? Oh, the one y'all put in the Chad? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Why she had that shit on?


Well she's Muslim now. Oh. Oh my fault. Yeah I I ain't know you so you can erase your ho a nigga. That's what said yeah you come to a nigga change. He say he see you for the first time. He say fuck you got that on for fucker or the worst part. Nigga be like, hey I I don't want the new you With over. Nah no disrespect. Oh we roleplay, no disrespect what she got going on. Oh so she Muslim now? Yeah, I'll turn it Malcolm real quick. But what she saying she was broke. What she saying she was broke 'cause she was Muslim or something.


She said she can't y'all fuck I got you. I got you. Her new religion that she practices doesn't, the way that she was getting money or how she was living before is frowned upon now. So the way that she was getting money in different places so basically can't do now. Yeah, what I'm saying. So basically she mad. I mean is she like hurt by No she said the five KA month she gets your child support is not enough for her to live on and her new practice of faith does not, you know what I'm saying? Has, you know what I'm saying, some of those means of income have stopped coming in because of which, how she living her life now. Nigga that was her choice. Everybody on the internet said nigga five KA month is enough for you to get somewhere decent. Nah, true. Well she said she ain't got nowhere to live.


Nah, she just said shit is it's, it's, it's hard to keep with the lifestyle. You ain't ain't got no lifestyle no more. You Muslim. Right. But since you just a rookie it you know motherfucker had rookie mistakes. You can't go hard go hard on the internet if it shit got, I'm saying she don't got that same lifestyle go back to the pink off the court. She don't got that same lifestyle anymore though. So what? Hey it shouldn't be that hard to do. Tiger Woods fool us for years. Hashtag rent due. I'm saying she don't got that Tiger Woods off that motherfucker. Hey I don't got no lifestyle real. She don't gotta buy no clothes.


She don't do none of that nigga you still gotta buy outfits nigga. She wearing the turban but you act like that's a you like she, this nigga act like she got an NIL to become. No I'm saying no disrespect what I'm saying. She don't gotta buy the designer shit and shit no more. Like she don't got about all that shit. Having NIL for a new religion is crazy. No I'm just saying she don't got by the designer shit no more and all the the bells and whistles, all she gotta do is put a Nike. Yeah Nike shit under there and yeah the Louis, the Louis hijab is crazy. Yeah Jaar send her a care package. God damnit.


Nah birthday. Shout to Jamar birthday was today. Shout to Jamar. Happy birthday man. Whatever. I'm just trying to think like what, what more would your, your expenses shouldn't be that bad no more if you getting 5K month child support, that is enough for you to get somewhere nice to stay in a car note and don't she got a book, she got Excel books or something don't she? Yeah. Ah she should be straight or she spinned all the bread. Ain't no telling bro. My thing is be a facade online. Be Sister Mary Clarence on the internet but tap back at the little keel soon as she exit off this sister line Mia Khalifa at home.


Yo. That's crazy you said that because nigga Mia Khalifa was in my head the whole time. Like she, she Muslim. Yeah I was like y'all, I think I seen a movie with her with that on. You know what but pound get well soon. Brittany, Brittany Ringer, hope you ran. Hope you getting what you need outta this new step that you're taking in life. New journey Lord. I mean that's, that's I way to clean it up. Yeah, no I mean shout to growth. Shout to Progression. Yeah to do that. That's a serious life change for us for sure. So it must be serious. Yeah, you can't think about no money. Like I said that shit no cool with no NIL. You don't really need it though.


5K. Some people said that wasn't enough. A lot of people said it but when you live like a 20 KA month life. Remember we live in Indiana, y'all everybody don't live in Indiana. Well shit, she, she from like Iowa or some shit. Ain't she somewhere lock in. Shit you gonna have to put church on road shit for sure. If shit ain't making sense. Make it make sense. Thewhere nice property. The Kar travel is crazy. Before we get outta here, be here telling people they can grab some merch at man. Oh shit man. Shop club five twenty.com baby. Do we got one Still get well sooner to everybody man. We'll be back next time. The Volume.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo.


Lenovo,


What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from the New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast Off the edge with me. Cam Jordan catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have the biggest NFL stars join me to give a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moment from around the league. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeart Radio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I want to tell you about my podcast, wake and Jake. I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, wake and Jake is the place for you covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it, new episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the Wake and Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.