
Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Era, And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page five, Dirk four page is a lead. Okay, you won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need this NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents. We'll have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March 6th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. Welcome to the party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Alright man, we back of episode of Club 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Same gang with me to my left. I got my dog Bishop B, he out the how you what nasty was family. Glad to be back. ISO swag. It's been a minute for sure man. Hey, that was in the comments was like up. He ain't the ambassador no more. Oh, I'm still is Ambassador. I was the IS ambassador all the way in saying friend at the Hennessy Park. That is true. Shout. Yeah. Had it on the back like for sure I represent Gary where I go man. No freaky, no freaky is crazy.


Somebody fry. So the, he had that dog getting, man, we got a pickle bite worried. Keep shit light. As soon as these intros over, that's the first thing we get to is what happened. The more show this morning for sure to my right, my dog, young Nacho, young T Got you. What? I'm chilling man. Cool. Hey man, we seen the highlights man. Why you picking on your high school kids like that? Man? Oh man. Shout the mouth. Mouth. Clicked it up. Yeah, I just be trying to practice with them sometimes just to give a different energy, You know? I mean on the court I come talking crazy and they, they get hyped play against me and they wanna beat me and bro felt the way about that still.


Yeah, I, I was like, I told him I be trying not to play too serious. I try to like keep it cool so I don't really like run him over nobody get hurt. Like I got hurt playing y'all coach, but he like, I'm about to dunk it. I was like nah, he not gonna dunk it. So he would've went crazy. Yeah, I was like, he not about to dunk it, I'm gonna go block it or whatever. But knowing him he was gonna fall so I still was a little nervous like You know I heard him laughing so I was cool. Imagine if dunk. Oh my God. I would've, I've clipped him out. The imagine he was running on, I would've clipped him. That's a wild visual. Anyway, I swear that's the funny part.


That's like I would've loved for him to go for a Remy elbowing do a like that. You would've definitely been first. I swear I would've crashed out for it. I know it's not close to the same but this games niggas used to try to get that shit off on the teachers bro. I used to wish I could play. That's crazy. I used to have them bro. We never got that. They still do that at pipe. I played in last year. Yeah, to this day I played in the last year. Yeah, I seen Christian hitting that shot and I said damn we never got that type of love. So that's not like a homecoming type thing? Nah, I mean when I was in high school our team we played against like some of the black teachers. That was the only people wanna play and like it was like some pep rally type shit. Oh okay. So it was cool.


Niggas called Mr. Dobbs Sliping. People have been waiting to catch Mr. Dobbs since middle school. He was like, yeah we finally grown now get your ass out here. He like take it easy on me. No nigga, we wait on this 10 years. That's hard. For real. It's time. That's definitely, I know, I know my boy Antoine would've loved to play Larry Bullington. Shout out to Antoine Collins. My brother. Listen, his senior year, that was his junior year, right? He started everything his junior year. He played all the time. He, he ended up getting cut from the, the sectional team. Nobody knows why just cut him like he not playing section. Damn. So we like what? So everybody like, what the fuck? Like he started throughout?


Yeah, throughout the year this dude started. So all what bro? And he straight so like, like I so practice that day. Anto come to practice. He on the Antoine, the ball three in a row. First time he dunk, boom. Second time he dunked it but he stood the ball three times in a row. The last time Larry, like second time he dunked it. He looked at him bulletin was like, if you look at me like that again, get your ass outta my fucking gym An dunked that on rim. Like bro we cry bro. We was rolling and then he was like get the fuck outta my George.


I was like I ain't going no fucking where. He's like well the police will be on their white an I'm out niggas. That was the last about the Antoine hoop hoop no more. That is crazy bro. Man shout to TWA Hoop too. That's a crazy, he was really good. That shit was funny as hell. He put that nigga off. Raul was crying. That's an example of your coach being in your way though. That's a fact. Most definitely. Lyric bulling. Bullington really fucked up Antoine Hoop Kirk you be really telling stories like factual shit. Like that's a prime example of what niggas been saying bro. Yeah, he was definitely in his way bro. He didn't like, he ain't do nothing wrong. He had straight A's nigga played harder every time nigga started some games.


Yeah. So he glad my boy didn't crash out man. He living a hell of a life. Got a beautiful family. Yeah he, he kept his grades up and kept going school and then he matter. But he definitely, he definitely that is a wild ass boy. He went out with a bang pause for real? Yeah Dunked that bitch backwards and flipped him off. Oh bro. See Mel shoulda been there for that. Oh that real would've went viral. Everybody that was on that team that they know Damn Anto. I think he watched the show too. He gonna probably laugh about that shit. Shout to bro. That's point you mentioned that before we get to the point, shit I wanted to ask you about this. We had a conversation a couple weeks back. You mentioned this about how basketball can break your heart. Yeah and I've been seeing a lot of kids like You know, seniors in the row basically trying to figure out what they gonna do with those playing basketball.


But I've been seeing a lot of kids like talk about what they gonna do and I keep seeing these a u announcements for like sixth graders. It's like please talk to the people about how basketball is life to an extent but still be fucking kids please. Yeah, I mean part of being, part of playing basketball, it's a kid's game. Like basketball is a kid's game that turn essentially. Yeah it could turn into a job if you good enough you do it right. But it's a kids' game. You supposed to have fun first and foremost. Like if it's not fun to you, if you make it a job at five, six years old, you're not gonna love it. Like who loves working when you five or six years old? I hated school at five or six like yeah it was, school was easy, it came easy to all of us but we hated going like you don't wanna go to school on Saturdays, you wanna watch cartoons, you wanna be a kid.


So you gotta make sure it's still enjoyable and I think that's the the most important thing. Make sure it's still enjoyable, still a kid's game. Make sure you still having fun at certain point you might have to choose and pick like pick and choose a sport that you really love that you really enjoy playing or whatever you like doing. But when before you get to that age man, just enjoy playing the game. Yeah, it's crazy. I'm seeing fucking sixth grade parents making life decisions bro. Let them be kids like they still got a lot of time to grow up but that's just all because shit your parent is trying to, You know, live they dreams out through you. Mm. That's like 99% of the time bro. Like a lot of the like even great college players, you see them just sitting down at the game just watching their kid bro.


Like they probably, I dunno how they treat him in the car or whatever, but like in the public eye it's kind of like they ain't like the OD daddy that just got outta jail like kill that bitch ass nigga son. Like and these really for real bro. It's really be like a bunch of single moms at the game so they dunno bro. They just had a kid. They play sports so should be difficult. No, that's a fact. Like I had a, this is crazy, it was a little kid. One of the homies kids came up to us, came up to me, we played game last Tuesday and I seen the little kid, I'm like, hey man, you coming to Pike? Like just joking around. He like in fifth grade, fourth grade he told me man I'm gonna a prep school and it threw me off and I was like, what?


Like, You know what I mean? Like now I'm gonna go prep. Yeah. I'm like damn man. Like that's crazy that you kind of gearing your mind up already be like, yeah I'm going prep school. I get it. Social media and all that stuff that you gonna do that but people don't understand. You gotta build yourself up like your foundation gotta be where you from. Yeah Like you gotta kill where you at and then anybody that's gonna be a good player, I truly believe this, you gotta be good at making other people better. But if you go to a prep school where it's other great players and all this other stuff, you never gonna develop into the player you wanna be because you always got a handicap.


Yeah. Like I got other people I can make everybody else, everybody else around me nice too. Yeah. They can make my job easier. The goal is to make your job harder so when you get in them rooms with five stars and all that stuff. Yeah. When they become easier for you. Ah, you gonna shine like a dime because I can do everything. You could put me in any position I could, I could score, I could shoot, I do all that stuff because I had to do that before because I was on a team where we didn't have all these talented people so I had to overdo stuff. Yeah. Just so our team could be competitive. I think Gilbert kind of figured that out too. Yeah. With his son. Yeah. His son had to do everything for they team to win and now he's shining like a diamond because when he go to these other places and you get to play him one-on-one, he been playing one on three his whole time.


Now you got a guard one-on-one, he look crazy, it's Christmas, come on. But people like to take the easy road or play on these super high, all these top five kids on their team on a U teams and they ain't really getting no better. They around good players but they not getting better. So does prep schools only benefit kids that are already gonna Duke Yukon Nova? Stuff like that. Like to me, who does that really benefit? To me? Prep schools is like for kids who maybe you struggling academically and you need help academic. Okay. Or prep school is for a kid that's already nationally ranked top 10.


Yeah. Top five. Yeah. And you trying to get your national rank higher because you play a nationally ranked schedule. Yeah. But the thing is, if you're that good, your high school team will play a nationally ranked schedule because I watched Marcus, my brother be the number two player in the nation at Pike and they got offers to play all these nationally ranked schools facts. So if you, that guy, they gonna come to you like the kid gonna Duke outta Texas next year, I can't even remember his name. His team finally gonna the state championship in Texas, but he lit, You know what I mean? Yeah. But if you, that guy, they'll come to you. I seen it too many times, You know what I mean? What about the cold kid that he Nice?


Yep. But he just like a, I dunno like a Dame Willer, like a CJ McCullum like a John Morant. You recommend them just stay down till they come up. Or if You know, you say six, six wing, should I stay in my school? I don't got that many offers or should I go prep like I'm nice. I know I can compete. I just ain't being, I'm a late bloomer. Yeah. See the thing is you gotta go where you celebrate. Right. Talk about it if somebody I'm nice. Yeah. But Weber State, my only offer, I'm gonna go to Weber State and kill like I'm not gonna say I'm gonna go prepped and go to Duke where it might be seven, five stars.


But I wasn't on y'all radar. That's a fact. I had to do some extra shit to get on your radar. And even if I did get on your radar, I wasn't your first option. Right. Weber State, I'm your first option. I wanna go where I'm your first option. I don't wanna be your, like I, we told the story about me at iu, I was an eighth dude on the list. Like I don't wanna be your eighth pick because you really not happy with me. You, you like, I got it, it's cool. True. You don't expect much from me. But Weber State, if they your first option and they love you, you gotta go where you celebrate because that's where you gonna get your best opportunity. Just because you go to Duke, there's people that sit on the bench at Duke and transfer. Yeah. And transfer down respectfully. It's, there's five stars that go to Duke and the bench.


Yeah, we saw, we saw it in high school. I just, I mean I was gonna say but I, it's better coming from you because you been a part of it. But George Hill went to IEP and went, went to Courtney Lee, went to Western Kentucky, went and killed our brown picks by the way they could have went to iep, ui, I mean iu, Purdue, Texas, all these schools. But they went where they was love. Yeah. Yes sir. You know what I mean? That was, that was a first option. You just never know what hoop though because bro, like I, like I said of course you played in, you've been doing this shit since you was legit. But seeing players like J Fer, like dominate high school, dominate college, like that shit is crazy to see him not pan out in the NB like this.


Well I ain't gonna say he ain't pan out because make it to the league. So when we say out like make it to the league, I mean like he's supposed to J was like a skilled big. He's so I felt like he was he he could fit in today's game. I just didn't know what a drop off was. It's just the NBA is so the NBA people is so normal to us. Right. Because we run into people every day that's in the NB we talk on a podcast people NB it's not normal. Like not to like be like that by myself. But this is not normal. Yeah. Like you don't run into NBA players every day. You can now because we more accessible but it's so hard to make to the NB, it's so many great players that didn't make it to the NB.


Yeah. Facts and then like to make it you like you're special bro. So like J hope for is special. Yeah, I know. We don't really look at it like that. It's so many people can say whatever they want on the internet. YouTube and everybody got a voice and be like, oh he sad he ass, he weak, he this nah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But these dudes is really like one-on-ones. Like all these dudes that make it to the league are really special basketball talents and J oh four, like you said, he dominate high school, college man raw. And I feel like his game fit. Today's NBA, like I said, I feel like you shit, he didn't get worse. I just did his players like that. Like Adam Morrison bro. Yeah, but you gotta think it's like the NBA's all about opportunity and sometimes your opportunity could be kind fucked up.


Like he was the number two pick in Philly. He's starting, he damn there was almost almost rookie of the year. He was killing, he was hooping, he was averaging 20 at one. But you got Joelle and B on the bench hurt waiting in the wings. He gets healthy, he dominates in practice people like Joelle and B is our best player. You still on the team? Yeah. It's quiet. Yeah. Damn man. And then he was in a situation like you said, opportunity. Crazy. That was a trust process situation bro. They was all bullshit. Now it's quiet love and then you won injury away from you. It's a, You know what I mean? Yeah. So it was just a opportunity thing and it was kind of messed up.


But it happens to a lot of people for sure. I mean we can go down the list like Jamal Crawford, I mean Jordan Crawford, he come to a team with Jamal Crawford on there. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like one of the few people traded Washington, Bradley, bill and John Wall. Just the opportunities. It's like nah that's true. It's just opportunities like, but yeah, it's part of life. I love that point that you said like I know what people joke on the internet. We do too sometimes, but if you back NB you're successful. Like that's you succeeded life. Oh yeah. You're one of the players that ever something that millions of people dream every day. We might be the only pod media outlet that talks about nine through 12 or nine through 15.


Yeah. All those people are successful at life. Yeah. They're really good at their, what they did for their living. They're really, really good at life. Made it for one year bro. They did more for their family than a person working nine five. That's no shame to nobody. But the people who laugh like yeah nigga he made a million dollars a year. You may not ever make a million dollars salary one year. Yeah. Yeah. And some people don't make a million dollar in their life and some people just don't even accomplish it like that. Like to, to do what it you have to do to get to college to be a D one player, then to kill, then to go to the league. That's one thing I think people need to put more respect on. You get your jersey like raised at a college and get respected by a university nigga you was hooping. No, you, you, you were elite. Like even though dude Jersey was upside down, he's cold.


Terrance, he's cold. That's crazy. Yeah bro, I wanted the coldest to walk through these doors bro. They would be respect. Nah, facts for sure man. LaMarcus SI forgot might Chris Haynes report, he was basically talking about how he wanted to go back to Portland later years in career and basically it didn't happen for whatever reason. I wanted to ask y'all, what's one player or one trait y'all wish didn't happen or what's one player y'all think that could have went back to that team at some point of that career? I know we kind of talked about with like KD and like the thunder and stuff like that. Reunited. What's the situation? It don't matter what time period it was. Y think would've been dope to see happen. Well reverse for me because I would rather, I mean not rather, I would've wanna see Chris Paul on the Lakers. Okay.


I hate that. You know what I mean? That trade didn't go through. God bless the dead. I wish that would've happened. Yeah. They say we about to sell this team Kobe. I really, really wanted see that that first trade was crazy too. Yeah. But they would've kept in that, that Chris Paul trade. Yeah. They had to be though that yeah, I, I wanted to see that. But that's my, I'll let give some time to think. I'm gonna go James Harden okc. I wish that they could have just figured out that little bit of bread if they was being petty over because that would've started Dynasty. I know James obviously needed his own team mvp good enough. But Russ KD Arden bro Prime years going forward, bro. They would've murdered the NBAI got another one though. Just because, You know, that's the, that's the family.


Now I wish DeMar Rose could have won one with. Hmm. He needed that career. He solidified a percent, but I feel like all them 50 seasons he earned that. Like Kyle, they supposed to celebrate that together. That's real. That's my, I probably see, I, I, I, I know IRS fans might this but wish Shaq never left Orlando.


Who's scoring big at a BI this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props, money lines, you name it, DraftKings. Got it all. New customers. Now's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers BET $5 to get $150 in bonus. Best instantly. Take us to the record to DraftKings Sports book where every point counts. Download the apps today. Use Code Club five 20. Yes. That's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets for just five bucks. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See d kng.co/audio.


Hey, what's going on? It's DJ Wilson Club five 20. Be Here from Club five 20. What's Up? You know what time it is? Official role Sparks Partners here man. Big fans of the brand for sure. Listen, it's getting warm outside and You know what happens when they get warm outside. Be here For sure man. Always a good time. Even when it's cold outside, man. Role Sparks only takes 15 minutes to kick in and it also lasts up to 36 hours man. For sure. Get straight to it. Make sure you go online and make sure you qualify to use this medicine that is prescribed for you for professionals. You have nothing to worry about. Like be said man. Once you get active with it, how long it take to kick in my boy man? Just 15 minutes man. For sure man. If you really getting to it lasts up for 36 hours, man. So the fun. Don't stop until you stop. You feel me? Be here and tell the people where they should subscribe at. Make sure you go to the site and get prescribed ro.co/club five 20 For sure. If prescribe new sexual health patients, get up to $15 off Sparks on a reoccurring plan, connect with the provider at ro.co/club five 20 to find out if the prescription for Road Sparks is right for you. That's right ro.co/club five 20 for $15 off your first order tap in. Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law but are not FDA approved and do not undergo FDA safety effectiveness or manufacturing review. For full safety information go to ro.co/safety info.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time, Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Hero. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five Dirk four Peja is elite. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him. I left him off my list but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you, there's a fear factor that's associated with it. Anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to say all my Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this, something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. Yeah, I like that one too. But I wish, like, honestly I wish Tracy Mcg, I ain't wanna say it just because I, I just like people think I really don't like Tak. I like him but I wish Tracy McGrady would've never left Toronto.


Damn. I wish him and Vince Carter would've just, they would've been nasty. That's a raw, they would've been a raw and their proms nobody would've been fucking with. Man. They've been the best wings since Mike and Scotty. Them two on the same team shit while we here with the what if, speaking of that with Orlando situation, Brent Hill wasn't hurt. Oh they been nice. Oh my god. Hill Hill like, I mean I dunno how you feel about Hill Vince, but that'd been close. I exposed about Hill was Hill was that nigga. Yeah, hill was that hill than Vince me. But it was just something about Detroit nasty.


Get some slack. My family folks, they gonna get on me about that because they be big VC fans. But shout to Vince g Hill bro was, he was nasty. He was that first prep basketball player, preppy basketball player. I'm like he a dog. Yeah. He was nasty. Real like nah, he was like literally the perfect person. Yes bro. And he still is like if you meet him, he's like there's nothing wrong. Like he can talk. Well he dresses well. His wife is, You know singer beautiful. Yeah bro. He presents everything well. Smartest on bro Laid LL.


Yeah like I can't figure nothing He do bad. I remember one lady said he gr Hill, I seen him, he's so faithful to his wife. I'm like damn there's nothing wrong. Yeah, shout out to that Y on Twitter. Ain't on Twitter. Well I'm just saying like I can't, you can't say anything bad about Green Hill. Just like a complete good guy. Even when he was being an asshole of Jalen Brown about the USA team, he was still nice. Yeah. Like yeah, have no problems with Jalen. Like if he can get better, like he just said all the right shit was trolling like a motherfucker kept straight. He said if he could get better, I just want feet tell me I can get better bro. Yeah you got me fuck up. I ain't gonna lie.


We gotta put some sweat on you. He was hating he he was hating. He was like we ain't gonna do that on this hill. You was hating. We can't wait to have you. He owner of the haw. Most definitely. He's a commentator bro. He do the USA basketball. What's that show we used to watch Inside NBA bro. Not inside. No, no Inside stuff. On Inside stuff. The nigga dances. He making up dances with his wife. Yeah. Come on bro. Like it's crazy. He game was crazy and he was the one that like, even like Isaiah Thomas, like all those, they was like, he's the next one. Yeah. He couldn't even shoot either. That's what made it crazy damn killer going the hole. And even after all them injuries, he still played like 18 years.


Yeah, he was in Phoenix hooping. Yeah, randomly. He had a long career bro. Being a good guy, great guy. That's literally what kept him. He's a great guy bro. Because hella niggas was getting injured bro. Yeah bro, he he's a great guy. They was just like he de or lost his foot. He forgave him. Yeah. Not people forgave him. I mean, I mean I said that I been my foot. Niggas can't be mad at me. Wouldn't even thinking about it like most people been like, man he's, You know, let nigga get hurt now it's over bro. Mean write you off. Yeah, they, You know what that's am You stretch, you retire early, retire all that stuff. They let him work it out. Yeah, came back, played.


He had some good chicken and signing contracts though. G Hill was signing contracts. Oh yeah. He got paid with every ankle brace, knee brace, back brace on in the nba. Oh yeah, he was a poster boy for sure. He was in the league so long he, I played against Green Hill. Damn. Yeah, for real. Yeah, I played against him in Phoenix and the Clippers. God damn. You sure did. Usually I was in the league four years together. 18 years. 18 years. Bro. You foot lost foot. That's crazy. It's funny because that five documentary, everybody disrespected everybody. But they didn't really go hard at Grant Hill like that.


They got couple. They was really jealous of him. Like man, he had his dad and his dad was an NFL player. That shit was crazy. But he was cold like, but he was cold like growing growing up. That was rough. These used to be really shitty that you had both. That is crazy. Like I legit can relate to that bro. I can't too when it's crazy outside of my like close friends bro. People in my neighborhood was not fucking with that. I had a two, You know what's crazy? All my friends growing up, everybody had they mama and daddy. That's a fact. I swear to not mine, I'm, I grew up in Gateway like Richard Curry, You know they live with their mom. Dad. Keenan had his step pops his mom, like my nigga Darryl Ellis had his mom and dad.


Like everybody Perry was in the field. Lou. Everybody had they, it was kind of crazy when I think about it's kind of crazy. Yeah bro. Jamar, You know what I mean? It's kind of wild. Like Yeah it wasn't on 40th street, it was not in Broad Ripple. Everybody just grew with they and barely them sometimes. Nah, some cases for real. It was wicked. I used to think about that. I used to be like, damn, I used to really legit. My mom and dad make good bread. Me growing up bro. But I used to legit get called spoiled having two parents. I swear to God. Yeah. I ain't even know. That's crazy. For real bro. I understand. Didn't even know it was my, You know my aunt, I had some cousins who didn't have, they pops in their life so I knew it and they used to live with us sometimes.


So I knew like people don't be having their mom and dad all the time. But outside my crew when I was with my guys, like I go my homeboy, hey daddy Bluffs off outside. You know what I that's, that's where you make the most money bro. You know that first shift. Shout to Amazon. That third shift is so different. Motherfucker Obama work in Tennessee. I only knew girls, I only knew girls who mama worked third shift. Shout to those queens boy used to be outside. Yeah. My never home at had apartments in high school.


I'm telling y'all, my people will tell y'all the truth bro. It is different bro. When I turned about 16, all the girls mamas didn never have, were never at home. I used to be shout, I'm just telling all everybody now, I just tell you that Perry give damn Mr. Mr. They like Mr. They like where Y boys going man we about to go skate rink. Well you skating night. How hard What That's slide, that whole Pike Township earlier was with, I had some some times over there. Man.


Shout to Guy crazy. Shout to my dog little too Mr. Hogan, Ms. Hogan, my nephew tore that damn neighborhood up. What's that show The wire now them neighborhoods down. It's a little bro. They neighborhood. I grew up Gateway boy I went over there the other day. It ain't none but Hispanic stores over there. Mm. The crazy part is is once you pass the school, if you turn left, that's where all the black people are. If you go right near 38th Street, it is Little Mexico. Man. What? It ain't nothing over there. I went over there, it ain't boy, I try to get some gas. Gas station was in Spanish. Shout out. The motherfucker didn't say BP no more, no gas.


I don't know if them young people or not was from Japan. I thought only drink they had was crazy. You talking about It Was kombucha now stomach. I know I was say I'm being funny. I really, because drinking shit so everything. Oh, Mike drink the shit outta kombucha. I got, I got one on the bed right now. Bitch, if you need a poop, take this fucking tub.


You Know what? To the queen. What's funny is I went to Wong yesterday. That's funny. I was in my car Right. And You know what type of car was in. I was just like all cool. Lemme make sure I get it out here. You said what? The ghost. Which one? Impala? Yeah, the ghost Go that way. I was in the ghost. My shit never stall out because I realized I need the oil chain been sitting. I was right there at my gateway. I said yeah, I'm on Cars. My cousin live on Gateway still. He's like, you wanna park it out here? I said, nah, I'm bro, I appreciate you. I went to go pick up little homie from the skate rig one time I was in the wrong whip.


Yeah, they was over there. I had to get some gas press issue on me. Damn. For real, real Make. I know what gas station you talking about. You on 30th Street? Yeah. Oh nigga, I'll run outta gas before I go there and I'm comfortable. That's town. I would run outta gas. That's my neighborhood. I couldn't believe it. I was like, damn. One time I didn't stop either. I was gonna the factory, I tried to take the streets. I'm gonna make it to Speedway man.


I'm gonna make it there More tunnel vision for show a gas station be at all spread is is fucking hilarious because low key in that area, it is the majority. Yeah. Yeah. You are the minority for show over there. Facts. Hey man. Morning show freaky mike. Man. We got, we gotta discuss it man. They wanna know what's going on with you and these ies and outta town adventurers. This is the chance for you to defend yourself to make sure the story's told correctly. Sir. So first of all, starting in Dallas, every starting d it's crazy we talking about IES but bad. So we in Dallas, it's a Wagyu fucking hot dog. It's special za like if it's an 80 hotdog, I'm try an 80 hot dog.


Wow. It had like, it like gold flakes on it and shit. I'm gonna say somebody, but we want him on the show. I dressed up the Wagyu steak hot dog. It was cool. But the way you dressed it up, bro, well that shit looked crazy bro. They other food. I You dressed it up crazy because I was outside. Yeah. Here's the crazy part though. I don't like people eat at they hot dogs like, like the whole thing that's crazy. Like, like when you eat a banana, you eat the, that's crazy. Like you supposed to rip the hot dog in pieces. Hey. Oh my mama, I'm gonna let you share your story but you fucking lying.


What? Lets go, you got, you took a video of me eating that way. This is, y'all was the only with this, this is the waggle. It was is the, excuse me. Out a camera like this Y y'all wild is crazy. Let's go bro. Didn't lying. Not at all.


Listen, listen My soul man. Oh man, we had steak. Me and DJ was eating lobster sales. Shout out to Mark Cuban you the goat. Goat. This before you left there was a nice premium shit bro. Shout. He goes to the hot dog bro. It not a hot dog. Wife was, what the fuck? Oh, hot dog was good. Yo. Out to the wa goog man. Get his ankle anyway. Coming soon. If y'all don't eat hot dogs, y'all lying.


You know what's crazy? I've seen a lot of people recently at high school Gang be, man they be smacking hot. Hot. That's what you eat at ballgame. Like you, you eat. I told you on that. Nachos and hot dogs. I be watching the Black Nachos for sure. Shout to my dog Lou. He five 20 family, he, he murders to a game. Like whatcha y'all the minute murders to hot dogs a game. But you don't have, you can't dress it up for real. No, no. He sometimes film and Phil, they so they get chili hot dogs. Oh damn. They be going in the locker room. Chili. I, yeah. Pulling them out their coats. I be rolling. Well Phillip had dark times first she got excuse shit.


You know I school 69 Feel that was, that was different. So they, they they definitely, yeah. I, I not, I dog I'm I'll like after the club type shit, like well you can get all the toppings bro. It's a premium dog I've never likes. Yeah, yeah. I need a premium. I like a hot dog. A wa not really Wa Yeah, that's his premium. I didn't, I dunno, but you, you, you a Zy guy. I don't even know Wa for real. No jokes. I'm serious. Like I know like you're like a hot dog kind of. Yeah bro. You go, you get them everywhere we go. If I go to the movies, I'm getting hot dog. I'm getting hot.


Who fuck goes to the movie session. Way better used out. I'm getting hot. Like people get like popcorn at the movies and shit. You can actually get real people popcorn. You get pizza, you get a hot dog at the movie. Like Nigga Real, you got hot dog. I mike you out pocket m you the first nigga to get the G Hot dog. I what the fuck do y'all eat at the movies? Either You bring in Popcorn horn. Candy Candy, overpriced Candy, candy, candy. The food I brought with me in my pocket. Candy you bring in pretzel some nachos at the most. The pretzels nasty at the movie theater. No dog is crazy. And the comments, please tell me which y'all get at the concession stand. This is one be fucking hilarious. I don't even think a hot dog was on.


Damn. That is on me. You know you keeping them open bro. Hey man, shout out to Breaking Dudes. You know what I'm saying? My boy holding it down at Duke got the job at Miami. Oh, Jay John. Jay Luke's got it. Yes sir. Shout out to Jay man. I got called John. Man, that's hard. That's crazy. My boy gonna be locked in Miami. That's dope. Get my shit together. Leave these hoes alone. That was quick. Hey, tap in man. Yeah, that man, you got opportunity. What's very interesting, a lot of people pissed, a lot of people just like he's passing up all these coaches. Ba college basketball is not the same. It's like, no, it's not the same no more. Because these kids who getting recruited by these coaches is who they wanna play for. But what they mean they was passing up on, I just, You know, there's a little bit of hate.


He's too young. He got no experience, all that shit. And I'm like, do y'all know what he did with that dude program? Yeah. He just recruited the, the best recruiting classes. He just got the boo twins to commit. They probably, it's a good chance they might go to Miami now. He he sleep shit basketball though. Yeah. And the lineage. Yeah. That's all he does. Yeah. And his brother, his family, his dad like what? Talking about. But if he can get the boozer twins that commit to Miami now, now that would be crazy because I mean he did recruit them and he got close ties. They're close ties locked in in Miami. Yeah, it'd be, that'd be a good switch they could get, man. And what made me think about that is obviously March approach. We think about all his college programs.


We talk about historic colleges and the coaches really, we never talk about the institutions now, but now it's changing. All these kids is going, like you said, I wanna be rocking rock out at now he, in a situation like Miami, he might change the game for real. They might start looking at different coaches differently. We gotta go pull up on, we gotta pull up on, yeah. So y'all Yeah, most I think we got, I'm gonna call him. We gotta be there. The first first day I, I gotta interview Jay. Yeah, we, we turned it up by Colorado. We have to be there y'all. Yeah, that's my, that's my favorite team now. Yeah, that's, I'm a Miami hurricane.


Yeah, You know we at Club five 20 we're always on the road covering events, getting the best content for you, our fans and each time we head to different cities, we're always trying to stop by and watch NBA games. And if you're looking for tickets like I am, look no further than SeatGeek with over 28 million downloaded. SeatGeek is the Number one rated ticketed app with the N-B-A-N-H-L players both around the corner and the MLB on the way with the W as well. Tickets are all backed by their buyer guarantee and each ticket is rated on a scale of one through 10. So you'll know if you're getting a good deal. So You know, I had it come through for you. All right. Use promo code Club five 20 it get 10% off your next set of tickets. SeatGeek. That's right. 10% off with promo code Club five 20. And if you click the link in the description to download the app, you'll have the code automatically added to your account to use it later. That's 10% off with Pomo Code Club five 20


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live for All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Hero. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Asia Five Dirt Ford Asia Is elite. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him. I left him off my list but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When You have a scouting report and you're on the the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you, there's a fear factor that's associated with it. Anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe and Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG to winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this, something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris Congrat. Anyway, transfer a like boy you making acc Lil D wearing zero next year, shit. Yeah, but shout I do wanna shout out to my though.


He got the Hall of Fame honored being shout to Hall of Fame for That's what's up man. Congratulations. Congrats ish mean I just talked to Ish a couple days ago, man. Ty Max came was he was talking about, You know, saying people you kind of under Yeah, he's like my first game I'm out there. It was just like, hey, he gonna catch on that cross out. He like, man I'm not me. That's it Smith, I ain't worried about that. He said sure enough first play. And then they showed the, it highlights it got some crazy highlights it boy he was the first. Hey that full speed crossover boy. He was unbelievable. I had to take that, I had to take that home with me when I got back from Wake Forest. Yeah, I'm take that full speed cross. Still need to pull up on you in Charlotte bro. I ain't forgot about you. Oh most definitely.


He's supposed to pull up on us. I forgot what he said he was gonna be here, but he said he gonna pull up to the studio for sure. You know he always welcome that that's, that's family. Yeah. Well up bro. Congratulations on You know, being that's fire man. You talking about that's a hell of an accomplishment if people just overlooked bro. Even from a high school standpoint, you getting honor at your high school bro, you was one of the coaches niggas to walk through these doors. Man, I'm hype, I'm hyped for him just because I know his story, You know? Yeah. Being under recruited outta high school hurt sophomore year. I mean his junior year he broke his foot my sophomore year, broke his foot, had to go through all that going undrafted, having a great career in the league and then, You know, being a guy I wake Forest that people love being honored like that.


Yeah. I'm happy for him. I hear a prime example like, fuck the internet, keep working. Yeah. For real bro. Damn. That's real man. Hey, be people been asking the man, I know you talked about it a little bit, but You know, instead of taking the Hendrick experience on road man, what would be your ideal situation as far as a, if you could book one artist, one venue, what would you like to do with your shit? One artist, one video. We could go ahead and wish it to fruition because people's, they fucking with it bro. Travis Porter. Well, on April 18th. Yeah that's the, that's the concert series. My, yeah, good cleanup. Good cleanup. Okay. Yeah, was hating last week. Oh, okay. Vogue. Yeah. Travis Kemp.


Hold on. Go. Travis Kemp and Travis Apparently on Ru the, I would choose would be Dres, the, and for the Hendricks experience. My shit's so ghetto now, but I dunno bro. I dunno. Probably two chain. Damn. So Dres chain Hendricks experience. Come on. We gotta make it happen. See if you had a venue, if you could put one, like let's say the venue only fit 12. Who? Damn.


I gotta get artist, everyone room gonna packed out anyway if that's a hell of a question. I ain't bringing no artists. I'm gonna get Ari, I'm gonna get who the other joint. You Jada. Huh? Jada gonna, I'm getting all them sold out you Zeus. Zeus me. It's gonna be letting there because all the niggas wanna see them and all the girls wanna beat them and that's some, which is crazy.


It's very true. Yeah. Yeah. When the loss ratio is nice in that too. So far. Financial, you only pay them? I ain't hating. I don't know, but I'm, I used to do parties but I used to have a Jeff Tea weekend. Oh they, I know what some of them salaries be. You know that flyer. So they little different now though, bro. They getting a little little chicken saying ain't gonna get no bag, but it's, it's always a pay for a reason. Somebody always need a bag. Ari and Ari and Jada just lit alone though. Yeah. That's enough to just, yeah, I don't care what city you in, that's automatic. Yeah. You gonna win. You gonna win. That's the interesting part. Now I know you're talking about for some years now, but like quote with their influencers now.


Yeah, like we, we had more people who, more fans of rappers in the family life than they're of the actual rapper themselves. That's, and that shit's crazy as fuck, but in influencers are bigger than rappers. Like, I ain't gonna lie, like Tru is bigger than a lot of rappers. Yeah. Oh you ain. Krus bigger than Kalo. Yeah. Kasa not bigger than, yeah. Anybody man, every rapper. Him and Duke and them. Like they just, that that aura is different because they do got a bunch of kids. Hundred percent. But when they walk in like the clubs and shit, it'd be different bro. It be different bro. Like no Shade at G Herbo. I love G Herbo, You know, that's, I wish he could do the show, but shout to Herbo people more interested in his, his life, his, You know.


Oh yeah. His moms and stuff. More than they're probably his raps. Oh yeah. Because he lit. He lit. Nah, he lit. Like if you look at that, that episode I have with his, You know, two past situations. Yeah. That shit in the middle very, very quickly. Yeah, that's, they lit. And I'm sure if he, I ain't sha but he drop a mix, it's gonna take a second to I if it's gonna get to a, as fast as that got to il, we love messy shit. Nobody was really interested about what was happening. They were just like, how could this go wrong? Yeah. Like what, what they gonna say? So yeah, because G Herbo is definitely still lit, but that moment right there made him iconic in that world. Oh my mama. Shout out to my banks legend in two games. Kirk. I was like G Herbo, you, you, you one like you, you live here.


You the one bro. Yeah, I fuck with it. Yeah, that's, that's Or even like when he did, what's shorty name was with Diddy Isha please. Yeah. Yeah. When he did that it was like lit. No, that was for sure that sit down was definitely fire. Yeah. And the bring point up because you say like especially on basketball. Oh, I her too. She most definitely. Yeah. Yeah, we went to her party. That's when T was at Sausage satana section. Man stop. Nah, because people gonna not the real No I'm just saying it was how fast you could clip up on his, nah, nah, nah. It was just different over there. I was gonna eating milk for the real, it was Isha and friends.


Jeff was with the friends. No I would, that's See, see dude, I'm glad we here. We talked about this my before. This is, this is why we here and You know this nigga, the show loved me numerous occasion I was with my wife but this is how much of a dickhead he was being that high we lit in our sex. He like nah I got my old shit nigga. You told this story already. Shitty. I was with my wife. Yes I was with my wife. We just happened to be he walking. I what smoke you about to walk into nigga? I, I told you I standing over there, I just wanted my wife to ask where to sit to the queen and she would go sit over there.


I'm like nah, I can't do that. No. I just wasn't comfortable like nah, never Before we get out here y'all about this See Gilbert on first Take killed that shit. See Melo get into broadcasting opportunities the way that they're talking about the way that B'S covered, they kind of hate it. They're trying to get to the point where people are celebrating basketball more than like picking it apart. How do y'all feel about that as obviously former player then? Us as far as consumers, like the way that basketball's portrayed because we love is how the NBA and we get the jokes but a lot of people hate that shit. They think everybody's just shitting on basketball and getting to the point. Players are just like, stop talking to me about this shit because all do hate anyway. Yeah. I ain't never really been that. I think funny.


Yeah I thought them not even talking about basketball was funny. Like they would just be like laughing at each other, Chuck be falling asleep or some shit. Kenny walking up. Yeah. I thought all that was funny. I think to me, I think Kenny gave really good insight on the game. I could tell Kenny, Kenny watch the game Chuck don't give a damn about the game. Yeah Shaq, he waiting for the Shaq and the fool moment. Yeah. He don't care about the game but Kenny really give you good insight. I love Ernie and I love Autum though. For who? They're like they both was, Autum was great athletes and Shaq is a great entertainer. He do what he do. But as far as insights to the game, I ain't ever really look at them for that. Never. They honestly to me bro, they was like a podcast.


Yeah. Literally real shit. Like Chopp talking shit, doing all type of events, got random people coming on shooting shots with him just having a good time. It was more of a show than like looking for real insight for basketball. Like for sure I'll watch NBA TV and I think like Sam Mitchell and some of them guys like You know some of the people that was on there give you real basketball shit. Yeah like and I used to get that from them but NBNB tt, that was just, I always waited for Shaq to join on on Shaq. I mean on Yeah that's or vice versa. Shit. That's all I was waiting for, You know. I mean Chuck fuck up somebody's name, mess up this man. Make Ernie uncomfortable. Ernie. That's all I I was there for. That was the funny, that's literally it for real.


Basketball I wouldn't, hell no you outta your mind ain't because they, they literally fuck these nigga. Yeah. Was real if they was uncut for real bro. If they was on HBO max, oh it would've been the best show of all time. Yeah because they would just be like, oh he trash he ain't good nigga week. Yeah like man, we'll be watching man and they kind of do it anyway. They just do it a PR way. Yeah. But for real insight on basketball don't do that. But it's cool to see like guys who just really fans of the game and I think they fans of the game, they probably not fans of the product now because they grew up in a different era. But like guy younger guys who just still appreciate the game like because we grew up in a pickup ball era. Yes sir. Right. We love gonna the gym just seeing people playing pickup and like people get into it.


You talk about people got bags and stuff, people didn't have bags back. They didn't say that back then at all. But You know what I mean? Like we ain't say Charles Barkley had a bag facts like he was good. He'll post you up, he gonna get to a spot he gonna pull up on you. Yeah but we ain't say Chuck had a bag, You know? Nah, that's a fact. So having these new young guys coming in talking basketball, the way they talking like Jamal Crawford is great, great. He one of the best. I swear like when I listen to him I'm like damn this is how I look at basketball too and I can listen to him and I can relate. So it's gonna be cool to see Melo do it. Who was the three? Oh Gil was on first take. He was going crazy. Yeah, Gil good at it. Really good job with first take.


Yeah. So it's just funny because it's just like they get mad at that but it's like NBA, this is what I pushed for the longest time. Y'all took all the people who were really good at analyzing basketball away from people who were entertaining and then you got mad at the product and then you look at the Allstar game and you have Kevin Hart hosting and now we got the W here and then everybody's mad 'cause Kevin Hart's hosting over Mike Epps. It's like okay that's side but y'all pushing entertainment over basketball and they get mad with oh he doing the WNBA shit too. Yeah. Damn man. They ain't learn from the NBA like but over Mike in Indianapolis. That's crazy. Wow. Disrespectful. I get it, I get it far putting eyeball shit. I, I do, I get it from putting eyeballs on the game like Kevin Hart, he brings his own audience.


Oh okay. You know what I mean? He got his own fan base. He brings a big audience for the WI could see that for a W but for the NBA they ain't need that. You don't think Kevin Hart brings Mike Epps to those events or gets him involved at all though? Probably, but I've been, because they ain't beefing heavy no more. No, nah, they probably smooth Mike, Mike was on the breakfast stuff and said no they, they was cool. They talked Yeah, everything don't feel no way about it. So hopefully he does as Mike said, I'm saying I mean even because people in Indianapolis kind of made a little outage about it, like a little, You know, a little thing about it. So I'm sure Kevin Hart, maybe he didn't see, maybe he did but I think probably the cool thing is I got my guy Mike Gibbs here too, You know Guy City.


Well let Mike do it and bring Kevin as like, I dunno man, I just, that works like that. Nah, Kevin brings too many eyeballs man. I ain't saying like Kevin, it's just even look at they tour, this is a Lil Wayne Super Bowl moment for us. Real shit bro. Like I know Mike IPPs is definitely not as big as Kevin Hart. I understand that. I understand logistics but damn for the, the city shoulda kind of been like I'm drift for the W because yeah they they need the eyeball. They need that extra, yeah they need that push. They need the Kevin Hart at the Allstar game and You know obviously feel, how you feel about that conversation goes wrong.


No wrong but I think the fucked up part about it's the NBA keeps trying to punish people but Ja doing more entertainment stuff. Everybody else's, like just from a standpoint of all weekend y'all are pushing entertainment, entertainment and then you get mad when you're at all these networks trying to cater towards that're talking about the purity. Basketball's talking about basketball game. Y'all fired all those people. If that's the case, I would keep journalists it's, it's, it's ugly but I don't no shade to the journalist. Cool. But I just don't respect they, I ain't gonna say not respect it because you can have a, you can have a point of view and it can be good. You can be really good at your job and you can see the game and be great at the game. You don't have to play the game and be to understand the game and be a good coach or whatever. It's, but the perspective that you want is from somebody who's been there for sure.


Ernie Shaq, Charles, they've been there, whatever, they all had their job for years but they didn't grow with the game PowerPoint so it was just, you just need some fresh new people who grew with the game. Yeah. They didn't grow with the game. They still stuck in, oh man, why they gonna throw the ball in? He got this baby on the, well people don't post up no more because seven footers got handles now. Yeah. You know what I mean? So they just didn't grow with the game. If they would've grew with the game, nobody would care. Like if they could started like, hey y'all, let's push Wendy, it's different. Kevin Durant's not gonna ever post up. Yoic is a untraditional big man. He can do it pretty like, and they just started championing that. Nobody would ever say nothing but they just didn't grow with the game. Yeah, Kenny did but the rest of them didn't grow.


They need to have just put two entertainers and then two people that really are serious about ball. So you have a balance I feel like. But they, they shoulda like they can have that show but they shoulda just started incorporated some younger pieces like they did when they started putting Draymond on there. But they like to put controversial people on there that made you like, I'm gonna watch it because gonna wild. But if they would've added a Jamal Crawford to a regular show like yeah and let him and Kenny really talk ball and Shaq and them Chime like, nah, he really weak. Nah, Shaq, he and they can have a crazy dynamic but whatever. For sure.


Like you said Jamal Crawford Spark good dishes for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Candace Parker really do a good job too. She held it down for the great job for sure. More to come man. March mad on Tuned man here, people that merch at shop. We've been doing numbers, we appreciate the support. Tag us. We'll make sure repost you like, subscribe, all that good stuff. Be back next time. 20 The Volume.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time, Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their era And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page five. Dirk Ford Asia is elite. Okay, you won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I Love it. Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March 6th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.