
Shop Dell Technologies's Black Friday event for their lowest prices of the year. The future is on sale today with limited time deals on select PCs like the XPS 16 that accelerate AI with Intel core ultra processors. Black Friday is their biggest sale of the year and the best time to upgrade, but it's only here for a limited time. Shop now at dell.com/deals. That's dell.com/deals.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even this sounds system that Auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what your Restrictions and limitations apply. Cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere and boom, you realize you're missing apart. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp. A person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


Coming soon to Prime Video. You can Call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. We have to catch this serial killer. I don't Kill for a foot and created by Ben Watkins. Ms. K thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Al de Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. The clock's ticking. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can't 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th, The Volume.


Alright man, we back another wonderful episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Special special guest in the building. To my left we gonna introduce my man's last, but to my far left, we got my dog Bishop be here out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty. Cool, nasty. Let's get to it. Stack. I know you always keep your feet proper. Now he's showing out that we in the A, you know what I'm saying? He not playing, he ain't playing with him today. But normally he in the black forces with the white laces. Oh yeah, I know what I'm saying. You from PAT. Yeah. When you see the Black forces down there, what that mean? We don't really do the Black Forces is the bad, the thug niggas and the White Forces is the pretty boys. Like we don't do that. Yeah, it is either in you or it's not. You know what I'm saying? Regardless of what you got on. But the forces wasn't as big as Air Max.


Where I'm from, we used to wear the Air Max. Okay. 95? Yeah, nine five. That was big. The forces wasn't as big coming up in pa. Yeah. Okay. Okay. The all black 90 fives though, is that straight? Any color? 90 fives. Okay. You good money? Any color? Yeah, especially them red ones. Yeah, facts. Turn me up to my right. My dog. Young Nacho, young Teague. How you up man? I'm chilling bro. Hype man. We got somebody in here that's kind of like an inspiration to us. We started the po, they got the pie started. They rolling got they whole, they taking over everything. All the smoke production's everywhere. So it's hype to have somebody in here that we kind of look up to in the podcast game with, with Joe and Gilly and all those too. So it's gonna be a good show for us for sure. Man. Listen, you know as a Patriot fan, I'm locked in, been waiting for this episode man. For sure. Come on with some nap time boys.


Yes sir. I can't wait till we get to it. Come on man. We got a BA chip like you said all the smoke that him and Max showed away for this podcast game man, we got Stack Jack in the building. Stevie Jackson, appreciate you putting on the big do man bro. Thank y'all for having me man. And and good y y'all flowers too y'all, y'all created a lot, a nice show and made a lot of way in a short time. Appreciate it. Every time I look on social media, I see someone from y'all show trending so that mean y'all doing something right. So man, I'm, I'm honored to be on y'all show man. Definitely honored man. Appreciate you to have like you said, man, I, I love by podcasting man. Especially in the sports situation. I got all the smoke knuckleheads like y'all was the ones right there, you know what I'm saying? To help pave the way for us to be in this situation man. So shout out to y'all man for being trailblazers in it man.


We gotta start off with a question man. Yeah. Like you know what I said we talk about the fours. You a Jordan brand athlete. What's your favorite shoot? Cheer, cheer back Faso salute. I'm, I'm a threes and fours guy Wanna go three threes and fours. Yeah, threes and fours is my shit. I, you know they, it's just the most comfortable one. And actually you know when I, I was, that's what I played in, I played the threes and fours so that's just my go-to I rock the ones now. 'cause then you know that's the most, that's the shoe they send us the most. Okay. We have every one. You know they might not send all the fly shit but they gonna send you every Jordan one, you know what I'm saying? But for the most part, threes and fours for sure. We know you was hooping in the protege then you got to the to the Jordan. But the Bobcat. I wanna look at you protege.


I played shit. I played them shit. Lemme tell you what's about the protege. Shout out Al. Shout out to Al and don't shout out Al at the same time. He reason my hand bro. Every quarter of the game. If you wanna know what moves I made on the court, all you have to do is look, 'cause the black shit from the shoes all over the court bro. Then I'm, each quarter I'm tearing a hole in each paradox. I played no shoes for like six months after that. I had bone spurs in my foot for three years. Fucking with them. Proteges trying to be loyal. My homeboy now we made a little bread off of it but it was not worth it bro. I'm telling you it wasn't worth it. Yeah, we go through the crazy shoe rankings.


We gonna put in the proteges. We never got put into strawberries. They made by the same people. Oh. Step gave al a plug. Oh. Oh. So yeah. Y'all didn't know that, huh? No, no Step did it. He gained a plug to Al Al like Jack, I think we can do it too. Fuck it, let's try it. Hey and it didn't work. That's how the dope game works and shit tell you I ain't no sorry It was a plug on. That changed a lot now Steph, but Steph eight, Steph makes some good money and he still making good money. He just started Xavier threes for his son and China two and they doing pretty good as well. Shout to step. That's crazy man. Shout out to Steph. That's crazy. We was talking about the the Triple Bs that nobody got they shoes. Yeah I still, you they was you still waiting on Yeah, I'm still waiting on my Triple Bs the ball.


Yeah. Yeah. They shit was was way better than Topo. I'm sorry. Nothing was worse than them Proteges dog. Unless you wearing some sketches out there for real. But they wearing sketches now. He was trying to get a deal with it. They won't lock in. They won't lock in with me. They got, they got Joel LMB though. They straight and them niggas wear anything. Nah, they paying. Yeah. Yeah. They paying. I niggas, me too nigga put some pro wings on around him. Bitch for a stack. Give Stack put Pro Wings on. I think it's true man. Yeah, we talked about going viral and one time I said something about Michael Jackson, everybody killed me. I said Drake sing just as good as Michael Jackson. Something like that. That ain't what I meant. Oh, it was a long night.


It was. We hadn't been drinking. It was a long week. It was a, it was a long night. So it came for, it came out wrong though. But you, you was all like, you went crazy. You like this nigga crazy nigga say anything man. And then, then you had, you, You had on my Drake went crazy. He DM me Michael Jackson's songs for like a whole day. I'm like, bro, I was just drunk bro. Like, I don't know, like, hey, hey you know what, it's funny because it is funny and I do remember that now. But it's funny because people are, people do really compare Chris Brown and Drake to Michael Jackson. Like as far as Star, as far as stardom. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Now I would be, I would say this Chris Brown is by far the closest thing to Michael Jackson.


Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? And if you had to have a Michael in hip hop, yeah I would. I was wildling, I I always admit I was wild. It would it be Drake? It would be, I'll step in now. See, see you just talking about stardom, Right? That liquor was kicking his ass. He's talking about vocally. Absolutely. My what? See, I didn't want you to tap back in, but you tapped back in. But y'all, y'all went in. Yeah, because you, You Dre shout out to Cool and Dre. I'm big on music, roll up music too. But I'm tapped in with y'all, you know what I mean? Background and body of work.


But they said something and then you was right under and it Just, it went crazy. Y'all made my nigga dms go crazy. I was just tripping. I was just like so cool. And Dre sent me the acapella places, everything. I ain't know they really know music. I'm like, they really know music. I'm like bro, I'm just tipsy bro. We just talking shit bro. That wasn't even supposed to go nothing. Like we wouldn't, that was not a real if if somebody, if you had to pick somebody that could be close to Mike vocally, who would you pick? Male or female? Because I think it's, for me, it's only one female that I could think that's closer to Mike and vocals. You gonna say Whitney Houston? That's It. Yeah, That's It Bro. We locked in.


That's it. Eric. We had Joe button on the podcast. He said, Hey, you don't mention music no more like you done. So I'm gonna just be done. I'm gonna be done. Shout out Drake. Shout out Mike. Yeah. Well make it so funny. You know what I'm saying? We from Indiana. So if for you done make that tape with the 2 1 9, they was hot. Oh yeah. They, everybody was Who? Who, who was the biggest rapper from Indiana Gibbs So far? We don't have too many P Gibbs. Yeah. Yeah. He dropping the project too. As far. Who shot the Gibb? P Gibbs too. We, don Gibb. Too many. I wanna, I wanna go back to the, you know what I mean to the beginning. Poor Arthur. Yes sir. Who put the pill in your hands? Like when you pick it up and find a love for it? So I grew up in Port Arthur, Texas. Small town. All my family worked at Refinery. So I grew up on the west side of my, all my uncles, my cousins, they all played basketball and to put text, you know, football is big on Fridays, but when football is over it, that same energy transfer to basketball.


So on Friday nights growing up, there was one high school that we all grew up went to, it's called Lincoln High School. Everybody have a Lincoln High School and they used to win state championships and grow up. So growing up I used to watch them and go watch them play. So it just, I inherited from my uncles and cousins. Oh. But at five years old, that's when I, they all knew I was good. I had 42 points. I had 40 points on the 42 point game and damn. Yeah, I was five years old. Pass. I was about To say how many assists but nevermind. None. None, none. I didn't know, I didn't know what assists was back then. But he, five years old, 40 points. We had 42. Another kid that I used to hang with, he scored Don other two. And after that game I started getting treated different.


You know what I'm saying? By coaches, by my uncles, by everybody. And I didn't know I had it at the time. I just thought I was just tall and I was more athletic. But that's when it started at, Damn my memory kicking in a little bit. 95. Did y'all win to you led him to the chip at Lincoln, right? High school state championship? Yep. Yeah. That was your junior. Junior? Yeah, my junior year. Oh, okay. How was that? Oh, and another question though too. Yeah. It's two part, like I want you to talk about that. But is there any other pros that come from Lincoln? No. So BJ Tyler had a two year stint. He ended up going to Texas. Yeah. And he had a two year stint. But nobody, the, the, the crazy part about it is it's a town that's 15 minutes away called Beaumont, Texas.


And the high school coach I had at the year, we won state championship, ended up getting another kid that ended up going to high school, going outta high school as well and ended and winning the state championship as well. Kendrick Perkins. So we got the same high school coach. Yeah, we got the same high school coach. We talking About Kendrick dribbling down the street And at 13 time when he was 16, 15, he was that big. But he was getting it off the rim and bringing it up. Like he had all that before he got to Boston. Nah, he had all that bro. Nah, I remember him with the, with the Oakland soldier. Him and bro linked up at aau. Like, nah, he, he, he went to League Charter Hospital was hard. You gotta be nice. So you just, you just hooped with your guys at Lincoln where y'all wanted to chip? Like Yeah, like we had the guys I played with, we've been knowing each other from elementary all the way to high school.


So leaving them, my se my senior year was something I didn't wanna do. What made Coach Smith come grab You? Well Josh passer, he ended up being the coach for Memphis and Georgia Tech. He was my AAU coach. He was the same age as actually and coach. Yeah. I was actually about, I was gonna say that's crazy. Yeah, he was the, he was our coach and like bro, he drove to my hometown. Lemme tell you how I met Josh. So I was killing in Texas basketball, but I wasn't ranked too high. So he drove to my hometown in the middle of the ghetto during the daytime where it's crack being sold, niggas smoking, all kind of shit. He pulls up by himself. Everybody I, I automatic think it's the police. Yeah. Like who he looking for? And he calls my name. So I'm like man, I don't know you don't put me on blast in front of the homies. Like, you know what I'm saying? And he was like, nah, my name is Josh Passer.


I go to Kingwood, I have my own aau. So I'm like, how old are you bro? He's like, I'm 17. Told me he had his AAU team wanted me to come play on his team. I'm like bro, I ain't got no money. I ain't got no car. I can't get to Houston. He drove bro three times a week from Houston, which is an hour and a half picking me up hour and a half back to practice and an hour and a half back then an hour and a half back to go to school the next day. That's crazy. He did this shit three times a week just so I can, you know, have a chance to play a U basketball. And his dad had a relationship with, he worked for Red Cross, he was a big wig and a Red Cross and he had a relationship with Steve Smith. So he started coming to a U Games. And I remember trying out, this is the school year finna start and I'm on the football field running, trying out for football. I'm running routes, got the pads on off.


I ain't thinking about basketball yet. My mom, my coaching, my uncle come around the corner. I'm like, oh shit, this can't be good. Like take this shit off you. You going Oak Hill. I'm like gonna Oak Hill for what I want to. We can go back to back because I'm trying to stay like nah, your ass stay here. You going to jail. You know what I'm saying? 'cause I stayed in trouble. I stayed in trouble around that time. So they, I didn't see what they was doing for me at the time, you know what I'm saying? I was hardheaded. I wanted to be home with my friends and sending me Oak Hill was the best thing that ever happened to me. That's crazy. And we just had smooth on. He know, he know. Say I know we had a little bit of this conversation, but who your top five? You know? So who your starting five you take from Oak Hill? Brandon Jennings. Okay. BJ at the one Rondo.


Mm. I'm sorry, I gotta go small. BJ Rhonda. 'cause they was just that good when they was there. We talking about Edo kill. Yep. Yes sir. Melo Josh kd. That's tough. That's that's crazy. Five dude I Got. I don't, I gotta give you and Ty though. Ty Lawson. I Gotta be on part. Ty los was a problem too. Nasty bro. A Problem. Tri up Monster Ty was a problem. Shout to my nigga. Ty. Yep. Chad, Ty Lawson. And it's quiet as kept. He don't get fucking on up. But Nolan was killing out there too. Nolan playing was getting no out. Nolan is a winner. Yes sir. You know what I'm saying? Nolan is a winner. Shout out. No, Nolan is a winner. You know, even that Duke, he brought that winning field.


So Nolan is a winner bro. He was solid for sure. We gotta talk about it man. One of our favorite OGs. Mike Bibby. Yep. Man, that was, that was my real real brother. That was his vet. That was my vet was here in Atlanta. Yep. When I first got my rookie year, he was burnt out. Amy. Oh my God. What of my favorite people in the world, bro. Bro, lemme lemme tell you how close me and Mike is after me and my wife talked about, not Theresa. When the, I had a, it was end up getting married. I ended up calling the wedding off at I at the right at before the wedding ready to start because my wife wast Sign up. My fiance at the time was signing a prenup and I was hurt at the time, be honest. I was crying afterwards. I was hurt 'cause you all, all this stuff. My family was there. It was just a lot on me. Mike mom came and wiped snot from my nose and from my, my face with her bare hands and told me I became a man.


That that's when I knew she, she really loved me. Yeah. So, but his mama to do that to me that let y'all know how tight we are. You know what I'm saying? That his mama is the really, the reason why I made it to the NBA. That's real. Yeah. That's Hard bro. Yeah. How did y'all even link up though? Like how did Y'all So high school, we both signed with Arizona. Okay. So we both was going, we had the number of recruiting class that year and the be and the first semester I actually stayed with him on campus 'cause I couldn't pass the test. I wasn't, I wasn't even going to the, I wasn't even going actually to take it. I was just like, I'm, they gonna have to just give me the grade or something. And, and I, I took the test a couple times and still couldn't pass it where I end up after the first semester they had to kick me off campus, man. So his mom, my mom had got together was like, he can't come back to Port Arthur like that.


That ain't it. Like, so she, my mama let me stay with her and I worked out with his older brother Dane. They was taking me to work out every day. And one morning she woke me up. She's like, get your shoes. And Dane wasn't there. So I'm like, where we going? She's like, just get your shoes. And we in the car. She ended up driving me to the Phoenix Suns arena where they play now. And we walked out. I'm like, I'm looking at her like, because when we drive in, like she didn't have to say a name to, you know, normally you gotta have a pass up. She just waved at, I'm like, you got pulled like that around this motherfucker like face card. Yeah. So we, we come down and pull and she, you know, she had had already talked to Danny argenx and to bring me down to the play pickup. And Jason kid immediately embraced me. He ended up picking on his team when I, that's when I was young.


So I was catching lives and all kind of shit. I was going crazy in there off high. I was high and all that going crazy. I was, I was, I was raw. And after I played, Danny argenx told me that they had, they had one pick in the draft, the second to the last pick. But the roster was full. But they like, you know, you played well up today that we gonna draft you and guarantee you 20, 50,000. But we gonna send you the CBA nigga. I was drafted in my mind, I'm in the league. I didn't give damn 250,000. All that nigga. Let's good. Let's go. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But once you get in the dough, you know this t jt, once you get in the dough, you good. And I got drafted, I bounced overseas, but my name was in that system. Yep. You know what I'm saying? For getting drafted and that's all I needed. Okay. And I owe that all to Mike. To Mike mom. Nah, That's dope bro.


I didn't know Danny Angels there. What Cedric's the ball there Too. That's one of the people I fried. He don't, he don't like to talk about it because he keeps saying we was on the same team like that. Oh, that's cap man. But I fried, put it like this, my fault said no. But I like said, said if I didn't fry said I fried everybody else that was there, there my bad. Said you. Yeah. I was wrong playing with you. NBA live. That's my dog. That's my dog. Because I had a great day that day. I was young and hungry. I had a great day that day, bro. Nah, that's hard bro. Okay. A great day. How was it overseas then though? Like, where'd you go first? I went to, I went to Venezuela first. Damn. Tell you about my first day in Venezuela, which is crazy. I get there, I automatically didn't go. 'cause you know I never been out the country.


Being at a small town in Puerto Arthur. I like, I'm you going to Venezuela, fresh outta high school to play basketball. Like, my mom was terrified. I get there the first day they pick me up and we on, they taking me straight to practice and it's like a bridge, probably like a mile ahead of us. So now when we get to, we come around the corner, it's the bridge, it's traffic. So everybody going slow. So he, he trying to figure out why is it traffic when we get to under bridge, it's a 14-year-old little small kid by 14, 15 years old laying on the ground. He had just jumped off a bridge. Damn. That's my first date that, so I'm looking out the window saying a dead body. My first day in Venezuela. Damn. I'm like got, I'm like, I'm, I can't take, I'm not finna take this shit. I can't, you know what I'm saying? Call my, my mama. This my mama g I'm like mama, as soon as I, I tell everything I see. I'm like, I ain't be able to do this.


She's like, so what you gonna come, what you gonna come back home and do? You ain't finna be in my house. So I'm like, damn fool. I can't. I was, I I was the fool, fool. I, I was bro. Hey bro. To be, to be honest, I I OD'ed our sir at the age of 17, twice. Yeah. Damn bro. Before I got to league. So I was so, I needed a lot of change. Nah. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? A lot. That's why I, I credit so many people, you know what I'm saying? In my life. Because if I didn't have all these people, I wouldn't be here right now. Damn. It's real. That's a real Story right there. So, so when you actually got on the court, because that shit's crazy. Yeah. I get How was That though? Like, and Venezuela was cool because, you know, I was playing basketball and I was making money.


I wasn't making much, you know what I'm saying? I wasn't with my wife then, but it, I made $30,000. The women was so beautiful in Venezuela. I left all my money that with them. I'm, I'm just keeping it real though. I had never been out the country and you take a little ghetto nigga from Port Arthur and bring him to Venezuela where they breed Miss Americas, you know what I'm saying? I lost it. I don't keep fuck with y'all. I lost it. I probably came back with like $8, $10. I left it all there, you know what I'm saying? A brick of weed that had seed, they say a brick of weed had seeds in it. It was, but you like $200. So I was getting the chick that I had, I had a gimme a pack of Newports, a box, put all the cigarette, the tobacco out and stuff. The weed and all of 'em. So I had packed some cigarettes, but when it was all weed, so I, I was enjoying myself out there bro.


I was 18, 19. I didn't know what to do. I wasn't thinking about saving no money and going home. Nothing like that bro. Nah, for sure. It was a great experience. But my mind still was like, if I'm having fun here, imagine what I'm gonna have when I get to the league, bro. You know what I'm saying? If I can enjoy this, I can enjoy anything. Yeah. Nah, that's dope bros. That's how I feel. When I first went to Miami, said, yeah, I ain't going back to now I married a latte bivy. I went out with Bivy team do Fat Joe. Oh. Oh no, you with Fat Joe. Just the best of the best. Yeah. I said, oh lord, I like this style. How long did you stay over there though?


ela? No, just Overseas. So I've been in Venezuela for six months. I played two years in Dominican Republic. Dominican Republic. Won a championship there, played in Australia, broke my foot in Australia and I played in sole France for like two weeks. I couldn't stand it 'cause the smell and they just, they just wasn't taking care of themselves, you know what I'm saying? It like the gym, all that stuff. Like, it wasn't something I wanted to be a part of. Yeah. How was that transition from, you know, the overseas world now you the league? I don't wanna mess it up. Like I think you went to New Jersey first. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you went straight to New Jersey. How was that like transition? Well, for me, I had broke both of my feet. The second time I broke my foot, I was, the leg was the last day of cuts for the bulls.


And I, I made the team like I I I, I went from not being on the, having the penny on and the penny jersey. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Till the last day I got on the purple. The, I mean the red, the regular, like, you know what I'm saying? I'm with the starters. So I'm you, if you with the starters last day when they got two people making the team, you basically know you making the team on the team. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Okay. Broke my foot the day of last cuts going for a leg, broke my foot, called my mama again. I, but this time I was crying like a little bitch. I'm talking about balling. Like maybe this ain't it. You know what I'm saying? I broke both of my feet. Like I'm going through all this shit. Maybe I gotta do something else. And there wasn't nothing else for me to do 'cause I wasn't smart, you know what I'm saying? I, I wasn't prepared to go to school and get a job or no shit like that. She's like, so what you gonna do?


You gonna come home, you gonna heal up and you gonna get back out there? Mama ji for real? You know. Nah, she a g she, she straight up, she wouldn't let me sit in that shit, you know what I'm saying? She wouldn't let me sit in that shit, even though she was hurt too. 'cause she, she, she, she seen it on me like I was there though, you know what I'm saying? I was there, bro, I'm finna make the team. I'm here. I, all the hard work is over. I made it and that shit happened the day of. And I was devastated for a while, bro. I ain't gonna lie. I stayed home. I, I done played basketball for like eight months. Didn't do nothing. Damn. And I didn't think I, you know, I didn't think I'd ever play again. Oh, okay. That's crazy. You go from that feeling to being an NBA champions. Damn near crazy though. So what made you start hooping again? Like obviously you said your mom was pushing you, but like Well, I got an opportunity to play summer league with Vancouver.


I got opportunity to play Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike came, went to Vancouver. Yep. And he, I went out there with Mike and I ended up playing summer league with them. And I was busting Sharif Abdul Raheem ads. That's My, That's my boy Reese. But I was out, I was hungry bro. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I was hungry, you know what I'm saying? I was, I was hungry and I was out there shining, shining, shining, preseason, shining, practice shining. And they cut me. I'm like, God dang. I'm like, what I gotta do bro. Like is it, is it, I'm starting to learn the game too though. The politic the political side of basketball. It ain't about how good you is. You know what I'm saying? You gotta fit in with, you gotta fit in with the team and they want you to buy in. And I wasn't buying the shit at, at that time. You know what I'm saying? I, I, I wasn't coachable or none of that.


I was just raw. Gimme the ball, get out the way. Let me compete against my man. You know what I'm saying? I didn't know how to run plays or none of that shit. So, so they was right for, to be keeping fun. They was right for cutting me. 'cause I was just a raw basketball player. I would, I didn't know how to play the game yet, you know what I'm saying? But as time passed, I played a summer league with a couple other teams and I, and I ended up getting an invite to camp with New Jersey. And that's all because Steph Stephan Marberry and Ken Martin. Steph, yeah. I ended up going to the preacher, the pre-camp and I ended up playing in Steph and Ken. Ken got drafted number one that year and they came and watched us practice. They were like, bring him to camp. You know, Byron was asking like bring him to camp and me and Ken, he by already know, but me and Ken had already knew each other from being from Texas.


Ken just wasn't he Ken? I think he's a year younger than me. And he had an injury. He had an injury going into that year. So he broke his foot. Yeah, he broke his foot. He still got drafted number one. And that's why he, that's why he wasn't practicing. So, but anyway, they got me in and once I got in, you know, I just, yeah, yeah. Everything worked out for me. I had number one, you got the number one pick and the starting point go out on your side. You know what, what I'm, it's kind of hard to go wrong. Who Showed you the ropes? What was that vet that grabbed you on? It was, it was stuff bro. So you know, me being from Texas, we used to have a starch down pants. Look what them bitches can stand up. You was outta pocket. Hold on. Hold, hold on. We flow my shit kicking in down. You, you went to some workout and did you work out with somebody in New York and a motherfucker said you was in the gym and like literally took your pants off pause and like sat 'em up and they really stood up like al Ton.


Yeah. So, so I told You outside. So look, I'm, I'm getting ready come in the draft. This is this how knew, but I knew things was draft to me and they flew me out to New Jersey to work out in New Jersey gym with this guy named, I forgot his name, but he was working out Al Harton at the time. This is my first time meeting now. Al like 16, 17 best nigga, the biggest dude I ever seen in my life. I'm like this nigga in high school. And we ended up working out together. He asked me to work out with him. So I wasn't planning on working out. So I had on some jeans I told you I gonna take. So my shit was starched down. I'm talking about, I pulled them bitches off and just stood 'em up. That staple was in Bro. I showed him, I showed him to practice one day and Steph was like, oh no.


Oh no. That nigga Steph took me. This is a true story doc. Yeah. Steph took me, bought me an Escalade. This when Escalades first came out bought me like 10 pads of Tim's. Yeah. Baggy jeans. He bought me the whole swag. He like, man, take that shit off. He made me take my jeans off and left and they threw 'em in the trash and as they should, nigga one most state flow jeans out here. I'm like, shit, that's the shit in Texas. Yeah. Since we here because nigga I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna front. I used to star my shit. Let, let's real shit though. My shit never. How the fuck was you ironing the nigga putting we putting our shit in the cleaners. Ah. And and you say heavy starts.


You want heavy starts. You can see the iron print. Print. How With the ax max with the 95 back in, back in the day off. Where you from when you had James on? You flipped the bottom. You flipped that bottom with the got and then your too big boy used to hit with this one dj. Yeah. Yeah that was the one. Yeah. Okay. Damn I remember that story. Y'all got it though.


That's a state flow man.


The embers NBA cup is here and you can win big. Getting in on the action at Draftking Sports book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance in a single elimination in season. Turning culminating the NBA Cup championship in Vegas. Score big with the Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. New customers download the Draftking Sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's right. Club five 20 CLUB five two oh and bet $5. And you can get up to $150 in bonus bets. All the on DraftKings, the crown is yours.


The NBA is back and all the basketball going on. You should have to worry about when you buy tickets to your next big event. Gametime is a fast, easy way to buy tickets for all the sports, music, comedy and theater events near you with the great last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat and the best price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. So go ahead, take the guesswork out of buying tickets with Gametime that load of Gametime at and create an account and use Code Club five 20 for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and Red MCC Code Club five 20 for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit SN h u.edu today to get started.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart In this basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seed. I appreciate the support people. Eat that Brazel. This'll never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on tagline. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours. Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Coming Soon to Prime Video you can Call me Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for, for this killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. So lot of sickos out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to dress his gut against inside inside's head. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks. When you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


When you get to Jersey you start playing like, what's that year for you? Where like Switch. 'cause the Steven Jackson I know I don't, I don't remember Jersey and stuff. I know you from Bobcats. Yeah. My best from Golden State. You know the Spurs and shit of me was the guy, the Bobcats. 'cause you was averaging 20, you was cooking. But when was that year for you? Were at click. Well see that's, that's the difference. You, you played the game. You know the game if I would agree with you. 'cause that was my best years. Yeah. But I, that was my best years playing basketball. But New Jersey, it clicked because when I got there, Byron wasn't fucking with me. And I end up starting my first, the first game of the season, I ended up starting, I ended up making a rookie. I ended up making a rookie Allstar game. Damn. I'm leading all rookies in scoring. Even the number one pick that's on my team, I'm leading all scoring going into the rookie game.


I come back from the rookie game. I don't play no more the rest of the season. Why do you think that? I have no idea. So for me, this is what I think, so Byron had a son named Thomas Scott that was the same age as me and he was there around the time. So I hung with him. I was the youngest as him, so I hung with him a lot. And his wife basically treated me like a son. So I don't know if he thought that I was hitting on his wife or something like that. But that's the only, that's the only thing I could think of. Yeah, because the, the, the, the, the animosity that he showed to just stop playing me with no kind of excuse. You know what I'm saying? Don't even talk to me about it. Like it had, I thought it had to be personal, you know what I'm saying? And, and his wife was just, she was a mother to me because I was still young and she felt like I needed some guys and my mom appreciated.


Yeah. But I think he took it the wrong way. Mm, okay. Yeah. Yeah because I got a story about when we played, when we played on the Bobcat. I'm gonna let y'all get to there 'cause you won championship with the Spurs and do your thing Uck. Shit Bobcat. So you know when you a rookie you don't play. Oh well I didn't play so I'm talking shit at the end of the bench. So I just yelled shit out. I can't remember who the point guard where y'all team was. I think it might have been Ray Felton. It was Ray felt. He went to Bubble Love. He went to the, he went to the basketball time. I was like, hell no. And he looked, he looked at the end of the bitch, he like, shut your ass up. But I'm laughing 'cause now I got, I got him pissed off like, I'm getting under your skin. I, I can't play. Like I can't play like when I'm mad I can't play like shut your ass up.


So I'm like, I'm gonna keep talking. So next time he come, he come to the sideline and I say something else like that shit off. He with us, you know, talking shit. But they start ignoring me and shit. So now I'm standing up doing all the antiques. I'm, I ain't playing so I'm trying to entertain myself really. So it gets to the last shot of the game. Right. He one of the best storytellers, this nigga. So he got the wall on the wing by our bench. Yeah. So I'm like Mo, it's Mo f I'm like Mo lock that shit up man. It is nothing. He jaed Jaed one dribble game. Right. Hit the game winner. I think he ran on the, I jumped on the, he ran the, I'm like, oh shit about to come from me.


I ran, I ran to the back of the locker room. I was like, I about to watch this shit. I come back out. Mo was like shut the fuck up. I was like, I ain't gonna say that though. That was my only game one in my career. Oh yeah, that, that was the only one. The only walk off. Yeah off. That was my only walk. He hit the shot. Jeff crazy. I remember I ran to the back like oh shit. Mo came back there said shut the fuck up. I was like I ain't gonna say nothing. Who else was cold with you on that Bobcat? Joe Wallace. Gerald Wallace do it all. So he ended up making an Allstar. I think I shoulda have made it 'cause shit changed when I got there. But I was happy for him because that was really my partner in crime. Like I felt like I was back with Ron Artes.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? With Gerald on, on that wing we everything and we arguing about who guarding you know what I'm saying? I I love having another guy that's gonna compete on the Wing like that. Like playing with Ron was the best ever bro. Ron Ates. Like I would never have a teammate that can dominate on both ends of the court every night if he wanted to. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like Ron is somebody who I, who I feel like as a team, the only teammate that could have won MVP and defensive player year in the same year. Dang. So. And we here with a listen, we all nap sound babies man. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? We was locked in on that patient stuff. Man, that day that that happened, nobody could believe that shit happened. Nah at all. We didn't EI couldn't even believe it either bro. To be honest, that was our championship year though. I ain't gonna lie. Swear to God. Thank you bro. I stand, I played, we was smacking all four piss that year bro.


That didn't 14 five at the time. I played on the person before and that organization, everybody knew that was a year. Like even when I came on the team, they didn't think we was winning no championship. Shoulda been year was hurt bro. They knew that was a year. I was heard for Reggie too because that was the year for us to win it. You know what I'm saying? That that shit, that one little shit happened five like five minutes fucked up our whole season bro. We was beating the shit out of them too. Blowout. Y'all was cracking everybody beating the shit outta everybody dog. We was, I ain't gonna lie, pace might never win a chip again. I mean had an opportunity to get close like that. I mean obviously PG and them did. They went straight white after these things. That was the best team to me. I know they went to the finals with Reggie and them, but the team we had, nah y'all was the best team. Y'all had killers.


I had killers but from top, from all the way around though. From 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Like Jeff Foster, Jman, O'Neil, Ronald, me, gie Miller, Jamal Tinsley. Who We had Scott Powell on the sideline. We had fucking Fred Jones. Hey we had, we had a mob bro. We had a silent mob. I don't, I didn't see nobody beating us in no seven game series at all. With a, with a, with a run Artes in his right mind. Oh nah, we wasn't happy. Nah y'all, that was the year. I just remember from that fight. 'cause Fred Jones, he, he used to be in Indie a lot. He used to lit there for a minute. I used to always mess with him. He would come hoop at the gym and shit when he had that broom brother. I said Fred, everybody else whooping ass man.


What the fuck are you doing Fred? Sweeping Fred. Hey Fred weaved Ben brother ended up, if y'all look at the film, Ben brother. 'cause I think Ben had just lost somebody in their family before the game. Yeah, Ben brother had ended up right behind Fred and tried to knock his head. Fred Iso he turned into Pinnell Wilder. Fred got outta way of all this shit. He didn't get hit and it was a big boy. He throwing them big boy punches too. Like can't move his arms. Shout to my guy Fred. And it's crazy because if you look at the videos at the time where they was paying it to everything happening and everybody else don't see emotion. But Fred was in the stands ducking for his life. We was like, damn. My thing was why even go out there? You know what I'm saying? Why even go out the stand to me and like, I really don't feel like we should have got suspended.


Like Ron maybe. But then again, if you think about okay, if somebody, you out, we out at a restaurant and somebody throw a beer on your face that's assault. Yeah. Facts. You know what I'm saying? They, you can press charges on them. Yeah. Right. Not if you are a black athlete. Yeah, I got you. Not if you're a black athlete, you can't, you know what I'm saying? We was at work bro. You know what I'm, anybody that was getting assaulted at work, they're not getting in trouble. Why would we get in trouble? Because we defended ourselves. And I, I have to say this too. When you look at the tape I got, I got suspended 30 games. I got fined $3 million. Right. So if you look at the tape, I ran up six rows Yeah. To get. And I grabbed Ron, if I was on some bullshit, I could hit somebody on row.


1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. I wasn't on it. I went up and I grabbed Ron immediately. Look at the tape. Yeah. Soon as I grabbed him they throw another beer in his face. That's the dude I hit. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So that's why I don't feel like I shouldn't have, I shouldn't have got suspended for defending my teammate and being in, you know what I'm saying? I didn't go. If now by the one up done the first row hit a nigga second row hit a nigga like okay yeah, kick his ass out the league. I ain't, I didn't do that. I ain't gonna lie. You can't, you can't. Legend in our neighborhood bro. Nigga we for real. You and j ok. When J hit dude and he slipped bro, if he didn't slip bro, he might have that nigga and still left on the stretcher. Yeah. The dude j sniff and the dude still up on the stretch bro. That's crazy bro. That's how cra I'm glad he, I'm glad he, oh my god.


Can you imagine J teeing up and lining somebody up? Man. What? He man killed That dude straight up been dead. Clay kicked that off though. I don't even remember what happened man. So wrong. So Ro no Ron was wrong. Yeah. So I'm at the free throw line. Look at the game. I'm at the free throw line. I'm gonna tell y'all some shit that a lot of people don't know. I'm at the free throw line, I'm shooting the free throw. All I hear is you can get your foul back. Damn. And Jamal tells he telling that to Ron. I tell, I'm like man what the no don't tell him man. So I'm like, fuck it. I go, you know what I thought ahead of him, make the free throw. I ran back, look at the tape.


I ran back fast and jumped and guarded. Ben. Yeah. Just so Ron couldn't fo him guarding Ben. I'm just letting Ben go score with the time running out. Go ahead. You know I'm just playing token defense. I ain't fo him go score a run come from outta nowhere and fo him hard. Boom. I'm like, ah. Ben turned around and got 10 times bigger. Nigga just started swearing him like the incredible, I'm like, ooh. He just, nigga, whoa, nigga run. I thought Run Head came off. Damn, that nigga pushed Ron's shit back so fast. Dog. I'm talking about Guy. I've never seen a nigga put his hands in somebody's face like that dog. And Ron just, you know, he tried to get himself together. I know he was kind of woozy.


He had to be, he tried to get himself. We ended up breaking it up. But if Ron would've never came over and fired Ben, I was guard him. Yeah. Tight with the game would've ran out. We'd have been outta it. You know what I'm saying? But Jamal says he told it, bro, get your foul back from last year supplemental the finals that I had no nothing to do with it. You know what I'm saying? I didn't know nothing about it. It and I ended up in that shit. And that's how all that shit started, dog. That shit shouldn't have never happened. That's crazy. Fuck bro. That's crazy. I want to talk about them Spurs teams though. 'cause you played to me with the best power for it to ever do this Shit. I agree with you on that. Like How was that playing? I know it was a couple fuck niggas on the team. You ain't, if you don't want to, If you don't wanna thumbs to this nigga.


I'm with, I'm with you. I'm with you. I know I keep Him talking. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You ain't gotta speak on them nigga you fuck him. But yeah. How is that playing for Pop bro? One of the greatest coaches. So I, I say that some people think I'm crazy, but Pop is not a great coach. Hold on bro. He's a great leader. I respect, You know what I'm saying? See if you, if you look at the Spurs teams and look at all the coaches that come under pop, that's head coaches somewhere else. Look at all the guys that came in and came in the Spurs organization. That was film guys, that's GMs and president of the teams. Sam Preston, all these guys right? All over the league. They, so he pop is a great leader. When you, when you play for the Spurs teams, when you look at the timeouts, pop has a, when I was there was a offensive coach and a defensive coach.


My offensive coach was Mike Hooser. He'd been coach of the year, two years already. Mike Brown, that was your guy. Mike, my Bud Newser, Mike Brown. And since Sacramento, he was the defensive coach. So during timeouts they meet, but Bud comes in when it's offense during timeout, Mike comes in. That's, that's why I say Pop is not a great coach. He's a great leader. He, he, he, he leads the organization from the top where everybody from the GM to the ball boys to the camera guys. Everybody's thinking championship of bust. Yeah. Right. And you go to a lot of organizations where the leader of the organization doesn't have the power to have everybody buying into that. That's why I say he's the best leader. Okay. Because he can, he can bring any coaches in there, make 'em look good and send 'em off somewhere else with the head coaches.


He got a, a guy that was a, the film guy when I was there. He's the head coach of the Utah Jazz now. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So pop, that's why I say he's a leader. He is not a great coach. He bring, he, he brings great coaches under him. Yeah. But he's a great leader and I don't think he's a better leader than the NBA. Yeah. Dang. But my time, from my time there was a blessing because I learned how to be a professional. I learned the NBA is more than just playing basketball. I learned how to prepare, you know what I'm saying? I learned how to be a man. 'cause Steve Smith, he showed me how to be a man, him and David Robinson. But not having Tim Duncan there, I don't think I ever would've played, I wouldn't have got a, a opportunity to be on the court when I first got there. Tim was, everybody don't know. Tim is an actions junkie. So he like playing paintball. He like, he, he like, he got, he got a thing, he had a case full of guns.


Like he, he do UFC training. Like he, he one of those action type guys. He like action. So when I first got there, he needed somebody to go play paintball with him. Yeah, I know that's right in my alley. You know what I'm saying? Nigga, You shoulda threw that nigga jeans. Talking about throwing jeans away though. Threw that nigga All his shit. That's the worst one ever, bro. Worst that let you know. He didn't give a fuck, bro. Nah, I respect though. Yeah, he didn't, he liked to play paintball. So I showed up, you know I showed up paintball with Dickies old Chuck. He's like, bro, you can't, you gotta have on some comfortable shoes. Like this ain't, you know, I said, we showed up like we gonna do a drive by. He was like, nah, this ain't it bro. You gotta get elbow pad.


So I used, I, I used to go play with him. So training camp, this funny story. So we go play and like, I ain't scared of shit. Like I really ain't besides guard. I ain't scared of no human. I ain't scared of nothing. That's just my problem. That's why I've probably been so much shit. Yeah. And the name of the game is you gotta go grab the flag in the middle. So I'm like, ain't nobody gonna go grab the flag. Y'all niggas scary. Fuck that. I dropped my gun. Hoed Assti. Oh fuck. I ain't scared. So I'm just start playing. So I didn't know they had masks that don't fog up. I'm not hip to that. I'm just, you know, I'm just out here trying to have on, on some ghetto shit. My mask fogged up. I gotta run up the steps.


So I'm boom boom nigga shoot me. I'm nigga I got it nigga I missed the last step and my mask slide up. Oh. Nigga blood everywhere nigga my mouth. I'm talking, my shit's so swollen. Nigga. There's blood everywhere. My tooth done went through my lip. Damn. All kind of shit. Right. So I slide my mask down and I'm running down trying to tell the niggas I hit my mouth. These niggas shoot. I'm like man, who So look, they shoot me and it's, it, they think it's paint but it's blood and it took over all my whole shirt. So I'm like man, stop. Look, I'm, you know what I'm saying, I'm bleeding for real. So we gotta go to practice the next day. I'm in that with Tim.


We lifting waist pop coming up. What happened? This when Tim fucked with me, I'm like, man, I was playing at the house with my homeboy flat boxing, you know what I'm saying? Straight up. Lied. Tim thought I was finna say, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Straight up. Lied to pop, nigga. You know, pop knew I was lying. He knew that shit. Ever since then, Tim vouch for me doing practice. I, I wasn't playing. I was on practice. Squad put me on on the first five with him and Dave Tele cup. So Seattle, we playing in Seattle one day. This be like 25 games until the season I'm, I'm coming off the bench. I'm ing by 18 off the bench at the time. Damn. Yeah, I, I'm killing to it. Yeah. Getting to off the bench, you know what I'm saying? Playing probably like 25 minutes and pop.


Carmen's like come to my room. I'm like, oh, I get in this room, Tim in there. I'm like, yep. They know. They know we gonna start you tonight. Okay. Don't even think about, they weren't even think about basketball, nigga. I just, I get kicked off the team. We gonna start you tonight. You know you been playing well. Duh duh. I'm like okay cool. But that wasn't the pi that worked. Hardest part. I told you I, Steve Smith was my og. Right. So I was taking his spot. Oh. So you know, I walk in the locker room, I'm like, I walked by him. I don't even wanna speak to him like this, the og like, I don't know how you gonna feel that nigga see like, hold up. Nah, hey you root for me.


I'm root for you. The same way. Like if he was a real, I was like, nah, don't do that. I'm rooting for you. Just the way you rooting it ain't personal. You know what I'm saying? I, I didn't understand that I wasn't a professional then. You know what I'm saying? Right. But for him to do that, it gave me the confidence to go out there and play. So shout out to Steve Smith. But that's how I ended up really getting on the court and getting a chance to play was 'cause the Tim, 'cause Tim kept vouching for me. What year was that? This was, so this is oh three. Yep. Though you won the chip and that finals was crazy. I remember you having one of the coldest inn outs ever. Like I was aware of who he was. I fuck Ken Martin, the hardest inn out I ever seen in my life. Oh my God. And I ain't, I'm just not a, I'm not like TI ain't the greatest handler. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I, I can control my shit. But some shit will come outta here now man.


Just off instinct. You know what I'm saying? I ain't trying them niggas do that shit on purpose. You know what I'm saying? My shit just came off instinct. I remember that, that shit too. I was like, that was one of the hardest in those I ever seen in my life. That was crazy. But man, like you said, we n town babies and y'all was going crazy in the city at the same time. The coast is going crazy. Yeah. How was that? The nightlife in the city because the city ain't been the same since. But how was that energy in the city when the coast was killing y'all? Killing and everybody was outside and j had a club. It originally had our own club every night. Yes sir. Oh man, shout out seven, shout out. James McAfee. Bob Sanders. Bob Sanders. Oh, the, the whole nine, the first crash. What was the linebacker name?


What was the linebacker name? Kato June? No, no, no, no, no, no. Gary Dwight Freeney, the other Gary bracket. No, not Gary wasn't there yet. His name started with M Oh the line. Mathis. Mathis Math. Shout Robert. That was my dog today. All was out. We was all out together, bro. That was my first, that's probably the only time that I've been in the city as a football team. Yeah. And we hung together every night. I I didn't do that in no other city. That, that team, those two teams were basically like family bro. Because we supported each other. You know what I'm saying? I think I, I stayed right next door to Tony Duck. Tony Dungy. Yeah. The night I got hit by the car. That was the first person in my house. Yeah. When I got home from getting stitched up, he was the first person to knock on my door. Tony Dungy. So I think just, just the fact that a lot of the guys stayed in the same neighborhoods and we support each other.


It was just dope. And then it was a lot of guys on their team that grew up like us. You know what I'm saying? Edge and James, nah, they grew up from, from the struggle too. So it was, it was a great connection bro. You ever hear Riverside on a Sunday? I sure did. They was outside, was on, they was on 38th Street. Niggas was really outside. I to see y'all all offset. Oh yeah. These niggas, they gonna make it s everywhere. Cars every, we was crazy bro. That's so crazy. We had a sheriff came to my house jail, had a sheriff come to my house and give all of us gun license For real After that. After the before. Before the shooting. Yeah. That's, yeah. That's why I felt like that nigga had a gun license.


Billy kid, nigga was untouchable. Man, I'm Finn get off. And it was crazy as a kid. That's how I grew up. Like you would see Jamal Tinsley in a randomest place fresh as hell at the mall, bro. Fresh as hell. Fresh white tea, fresh forces, fresh Jays. His Brother used to cut my hair. Nigga he, He wore fresh. He wore fresh pair ones. JT even practiced in the fresh pair ones one day. Solid. That's True. Untied. How was that like playing with him? He's underwriter Another Point guard for sure. That's super underwriter. He was damn near to me before Ray for Austin. Like the N one type of player. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So how was that playing with Jamal? One of the best post up guards you could ever play against.


His post game was underrated. And as far as his passing and ball handling, you ain't finna find too many guys that's gonna do the playground shit in the game. Yeah bro. That he would do, you know what I'm saying? He'll, he'll post up and turn around and throw it through the guy legs on the block or right down to on a box one dribble threw his legs and lit like he was doing stuff like that. So he was very probably the most, besides Baron Davis, the most creative person with the ball that I played with. And like he's very underrated. I just think because he, he, the way he played it was slow. Yeah. He didn't give the, he didn't give the effort all the time on defense. So like that. So people kind of knocked him for that. Yeah. But as far as talent, he had it on. How tall was Jamma? Six two? Yeah, he probably six two. Same height or a little taller than Me.


He looked secret. Look real little on The not, not athletic, just got the ball on the string. That that odd though he could pass like a month. Especially with the coach he was playing under for him to play the way he played under that coach at the time. Yeah. Yeah. Because LB wasn't going for that. Yeah. So for him to get that off, that's why. Yeah we, we got something inner inner city. Yeah. Ma Outside of Tim Duncan. Who the best player you ever played with? Tim? Gotta be one. Tim is the best I play with. If I have to go it is gotta run or JI got, I got Baron number three but it's outta Ron and J for two. 'cause I seen Ron do some amazing things on that court. Like it just dominated on both sides of the court. Yeah. And I seen Jermaine damn get 70 points, you know what I'm saying?


One night. So people sleep on J used to get Bucket Jr. Broad don't happen. He he's in the hall of Fame already. That's A 500%. The broad don't happen with Ron. Ron's a hall of famer. Nah. So I'll give you that. I want talk about that Warriors team though y'all that's probably, I don't know, I ain't gonna say the most pride team but on record y'all, that's the Bro. If we not the most burnout team can BA History. I say so Then the Indiana team one, one of them Two. Hey bro, Charlotte. I mean the Golden State team was probably the most burnout team ever in life. Y'all made basketball fun though. Like watching y'all was like damn, that looked fun. Well J well just imagine a whole bunch of people you grew up knowing in high school.


Y'all ended up on the same NBA team. Yeah, that's right. Then y'all got a coach, Donnie, that the first day I get there, this how he tell me and bd we captains, he brings us to this little hole in the wall talking about I'm, I'm gonna take you out to this little hole in the wall bar to play shuffleboard. Who knows what shuffleboard is? Niggas don't know what that is. Right. I'm like cool, whatever we get there. This is with the sand, the little metal balls and you slide it trying, you know what I mean? So we didn't play this shit at all. This nigga got a bottle of scotch and got me and Beatie pissy drunk. I'm talking about to the, to the me and Beatie blinking our eyes and as as we had like the fifth shotty tablets up Larry, come on Larry. Hey you guys are captains.


And he stumbled out. We rode with him. We caught, we we caught the, we caught the, the driver from the to and him and la. So they left the mid me and Beatie sitting at the bar like nigga talking about drunk because I don't drink scotch. Yeah. We sitting there wasting like I guess we captains we had to find our way home. So that day we knew like we knew that this, oh nah, we spoke with coach. Yeah bro. Real when we, we took our last drug test. Me and BD coming out the locker room, our pink slip. 'cause they give you a pink slip as they take a test. My head coaches out like this. Even us high fives come on. Yeah. Yeah. We already smoking 'cause we live in the same building but he giving us high fives and shit.


That's so that's literal, that's far. I'm just trying to explain y'all how our team was. You know what I'm saying? Me and Al best friends when we got there, Monte Ell didn't have a tattoo. Look at him now. The whole body tattoo. He had one tattoo That was Matt. The, that was Matt fought right there. Matt Barnes did that to Monte. Is that you and Matt first time linking up? Yep. So that's how me and Matt became close when his mom died. Okay. You know what I'm saying? I stayed with him the whole time. You know what I'm saying? We, we really became brothers. His mama died fast too from cancer. Yeah. And instead of me going home doing those little break shit, I just stayed with him. So that's what, that's the, that's how our bond started. It didn't start with the podcast. It started way before that. Yeah. That's and go and go and stay. But that team bro, it was just a whole bunch of guys that been knowing each other.


We get a chance to play together. We didn't think we was gonna make the playoffs and no shit like that. We was just hungry and you know, playing hard and playing for each other. Good shit happened. Y'all was going out every night. Every night bro. It is not one city. I can, lemme tell You'all the story. New Year's we in Houston on New Years we had just beat the rocking. Right. So this is the typical night for us. It is. So this is it. It is New Year's. We beat the Rockets. We in the club. It is about club like a hour or two before being closed. Yeah. By this time our whole team is drunk. So everybody has a role. So I done passed out the bandana. So everybody got on red bandanas. I don't know why these me and beat me and Dede trip out. We make everybody band this. Right. Okay.


Matt Rowe. Matt. Matt is the drunk pretty white boy. So we all drunk niggas in white beaters. He run around ripping niggas, white beaters off like on some, I don't know, some school days type shit. I don't know. Old school. Some, I don't know, some drunk white boys. Shit he, he ripping our shirts up. So nine niggas in the half, niggas drunk, half white, beaters over half off. Right. Yeah. So normally it is my job to find Baron Davis. If you don't find Baron Davis it's gonna be a night that we gonna remember or we is we gonna regret it. Yeah. So I end up getting too fucked up while I lose Baron and I get tapped by one of my homeboys like Bro look your boy. I'm like, where at? And he on his way to the DJ booth.


DABD. Yeah. So look soon as he grabbed the microphone, my homeboy cop text dd finna get us all indicted. He said Dd finna get us all indicted. So I said, oh shit. So he grabbed the mic, stop the music. Hey we the Warriors, we come to the city, we take y'all bitches, we beat our team. What's up Barnes Wheels and Luther the head because they was in the club. What's up Barnes? We gang bang and he paused and we sell drugs. No capo.


I told you pop I told you like, oh man, somebody gonna get this nigga out. This is New Year's in Houston bro. So look and we sell drugs. Hold up this for the time. I don't know. We get outside police everywhere. The police is everywhere. You know what I'm saying? People outside, they had a fight or something. So we all coming out, you know, we deep and the police saying something to us. This nigga B tells the police, stand down. I am an honorary captain. I have this under control. Stand down dog. This to this nigga told HPD to stand down. I am an honorary captain dog. We was out there dying dog.


That was one of the best nights of my, but that, that's the type of nights used to have every night dog. Every night. Everybody had a different nigga. We used to call it Jay Rich Don Julio. Because that was his favorite drink. Mm. Back then, back then we was drinking shit back then. Yeah. Yeah. We, we was riding, I Dunno because I heard them stories about y'all. Rogers didn't know how y'all got up and still went out and handled business. Miami Every night we play in Orlando, we beat my, we beat Orlando. We fly straight to Miami on the back to back. Yo, we stay out to seven 30 in the morning. The whole team, we all just go straight from the club to the bus. We get on the bus. Every Eric at the time, he's one of the best trainers in the league for the Warriors. So we, he brought all our stuff on the bus so everybody on the bus with the clothes they had on from the game.


Orlando. That's crazy. We go to shoot around Nelly, walk out, there's about two people on the court shooting. Everybody else dozing off smelling like alcohol. He's like, hold up, bring it in, bring it in. We bring it in. He like, man, go get back on the bus and we better win tonight. One by 30. This D wade him. That's crazy. Damn. One by 30. I thought we parted when I was a rookie on Atlanta with Biggie and them. Y'all different. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I I didn't dunno if you was comfortable talking about that, but I hear about y'all bro. Nah, that's what made me sponge to y'all because I'm a fry nigga. The N NBA is a joke.


I ain't gonna lie though. If I would've took the game more serious, I probably would've had a couple Allstar games, you know what I'm saying? Without the bra shit, but Right. I don't change it for nothing. 'cause I enjoyed my career, bro. You're a legend. And I played with some solid brothers too. How was that? Can you speak on that? That Maverick series though? For, for me bro. I, I watched that series a lot because I didn't get the credit from the team for what I did. I saved us in the Western conference finals. I saved us bro. Gin was was the only person that really was being solid. Tony. Tony wasn't playing well 'cause they was playing. They had to bring Speedy CLX in. Yeah. Tim was getting doubled so he really couldn't get off. And they was old. They weren't really doing nothing.


So if you look at the games, I'm making all the big shots. Even when we have we going through droughts, I'm the only one scoring. So when the last, when it came to game six, when they end up putting Steve Kerr and he hit those four threes. Yeah. Yeah. It was big for us. Hell yeah. But look at the whole game. I it the whole game and was still making big shots for them to give him the MVP at the end of the game. Like that shit crushed me. And the only reason that I don't talk about this shit a lot because gin came to me when I was in my locker. I was about to start crying. But he came was like, bro you deserved an MVP. That's right. For him to tell me that I was cool. That's right. Because that was the only person on the court, that whole series that was riding with me. You know what I'm saying? Right. And it meant a lot. But I I, I watched that series a lot bro. 'cause I don't feel like I got the credit I I deserved for that series.


I was busting they ass and I was high every game. Every game, every game. Nah, You a legend. Now I wanna talk about that Maverick series with you with with Golden State. Golden State though. Oh okay. Oh yeah. I thought you was talking about the one with dispersed. So that so that one, that one was special because if a lot of people don't know Don Nelson was suing them. Oh damn, Damn. What's Pop And Justin Jefferson here.


Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have a good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple terms starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Defense will the owner of a red sedan, please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited Chase make more of what's Your restrictions and limitations. Apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Coming soon to Prime Video you can Call me Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're The best and created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to This comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for Afoot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. A lot of sick out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This Is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross I learned to trust his gut. Get inside's head the clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video November 14th.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks. When you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device qualifying credit and port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


You know he had, he had some the contract shit with Mark Cuban. Oh. So he was suing them during that time. Okay. You know what I'm saying? So his whole, his whole idea was every time I play Dallas I want to beat them. I don't care about nothing else. And he knew Dirk's game better than anybody. There you go. So he gave us the blueprint. Make him go right. If he go left, he got so many he can fade away. He got out. But if going right he don't even want to, he don't even wanna put the ball down. Damn. So me and Matt made sure we made him go right every time and we was super physical with him. You know what I'm saying? Dirk wasn't super physical. If you let him get the shot off, that's your ass. Nothing. You can do that shit cash. You know what I'm saying? There's nothing you can do. Won MVP that year. Yeah, yeah. He was the MVP that year.


That was the best team in the West. So I just think Donnie Nelson prepared us so well for them. You know what I'm saying? 'cause that's all. 'cause after we beat them, he didn't care about the, the rest of the season nigga we was preparing ourselves for the second round against Utah. He didn't give a fuck. He was showing up with four cigars in his pocket. Eight in the morning he got drinking beer and shit. He didn't give a damn dog after he beat Dallas. That was his chip and shit. That was his chip bro. And, and we understood that's why we, we went some wins so hard. But if we don't have Baron Davis the way he played game one we don't win that series in Dallas. Nah, he went crazy. Insane. Yeah that game won bro. B did but 30 some points like he would and he would kept all his, all his shots was timely bro. He cold. He is one of the cold point guards ever.


Yeah That's my, my nigga shout out to my nigga Phil. He loved. Yeah he the one told me I ain't watched the NBA like that and him and Gilbert Arena Arenas was the first, some of the first point guards I watched. BD don't get hurt. He might go down his top 10 point guard ever. He don't get hurt. I agree Bro. Because athletic seal, he had it all. He could score. That's why I like got work. He was mad. I said he had a BBL but yeah Nah he did. He know he did. He know he did. He know he did light. He got white trainer on that nigga did to show with practice with the, with his knee braces on top his sweat.


For real man. So this is when I started fucking, I used to watch you do the show with Skip bathes and shit and you used to go on there and be real and remember one time you talked about everybody you was better than and everybody was mad at you. I was like nah, he just confident as fuck. But what made you Thank you bro. Thank you bro. And like I didn't have a better career than Ray Allen. But if you look at the games I played against a lot of these people I balled out. Yeah a lot of ma we might not have won the game but my matches with a lot of these people who y'all look up to. I bust they ass a lot of nights and lock them up and you can go look at the games. I'm not making it up. I'm not, like I said, I didn't have better careers than these people but I'm a competitor and when it came to the game, yeah I wasn't a better shooter than Ray Allen but I better poster player.


I passed better. I was a better defender. I was a lot of things better than him on the court. You know what I'm saying? So as a player people understand that as a fan. Like yo you just hating. But I did it in real time. I Don't, I don't think you was hating as just, you know, and I I admit they have better careers than me. I, I wouldn't, I'd have a better career than Vince either. But Vince will tell you I had some great games against him. But they understand it's different when you just be like, let's go hoop roll the ball out. Like it's a bunch of people that probably bust my ass. They probably didn't have a better career than me. But it ain't, it ain't too many people can stay in front of you so that they lose right there. Yeah. But if you just like, like Jordan Crawford, like that's my man. But if you roll the ball out say let's just go hoop. Yeah. He'll fuck around and give you 50. Yes he will. He can score. Yeah I seen him do it in big three.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Like he roll the ball out, he'll get buckets. Ain't a lot of people can outscore Rayon Was a motherfucker though bro. He Was bro Milwaukee Now. And I I love you Jack. That nigga Jesus showed us words The truth. He's crazy. He was The truth for him to transition his career from. 'cause we grew up Milwaukee, bugs Supersonic Ray Allen and for him to go strictly just shooter. I remember, you know what I mean? I don't know how he was off the court but Jesus Shuttlesworth, Nah he was, coach Was thanks, He was athletic Bro and he dunking shit. Loki had a handle to pull up off the dribble. First Superstar Ray was Milwaukee, lo Ray, Milwaukee Ray was out of control.


Him and Big Dog was bro crazy. He was scoring 25 a night with another nigga. Rashard Lewis. Yeah bro. Another motherfucker that people don't speak on like so I thought I took it as you was talking about we rode a ball out and it ain't no plays. We don't got, I knew how I knew what what you meant. I thought you meant like we just put the ball out here, I I can kill him too and, and any given night I could be better than any one of them guys. That's A hundred percent. So speaking on that though, you know you was known for defending and shit. Who was the hardest or you can give us two hardest motherfucker to guard Kobe. Kobe Not even close. Who else though? One person 'cause I guarded. Well you got thing, did you ever guard Melo? Yeah, I guarded Melo. I, I, I I guarded.


Melo pretty good. I got a Melo pretty good because you know I played one through four so I guarded Power fours too. Yeah. But I think for me, if it ain't Kobe Somebody that nobody would think they used to be like God damn this nigga Cole Brandon motherfucking Roy B Ro B Roy. Woo. I had problems with that nigga. We used to go at it though. But he was different bro. Yeah like, like no injury. He one of the coldest ever. One of my favorite shoe guards of all time. Nah B like that hands down B Roy is one of the best basketball players I ever had to guard. Okay. Not even close. Alright. He get his flyer slot on this show bro. Yeah, Him Drew Holiday. You probably get spoke.


Yeah, for sure. I gotta ask both of y'all. Y'all both played in this city and lived in the city at the same time. You know what I'm saying? You did a little bit before you did to see the city is now, but how was it to be in the city as it was growing until the Mecca it was now and then how was it playing when it was already lit on the come up? It was cracking. I ca I came in oh three and it, it was beautiful because it was, Atlanta was at, its was at, it was at its height. It was at its height around that time. You know what I'm saying? That's when BMF was doing they thing, the rap scene was was solid everybody but that time it wasn't no beef. Like you got people beefing now. Like everybody supported each other. Everybody hung out together. Everybody went to the same, when Alice had a party, everybody was there.


Like back then everybody was having a good time. And I think it was because of people like Mech. 'cause when he used to come into clubs he come with Cup but it wasn't no it wasn't no problems. Like he used to buy bottles for everybody in the section. So you know what I'm saying? Like everybody was having a good time back then it wasn't no competition, you know what I'm saying Like it is now and the different hoods beef and so the club and the partying was, it was at, it was the best time to be in Atlanta bro. It was the best time to be on. Now it's just, you know, it is just too much with the pills and the drugs and the kids killed. You know what I'm saying? Like it is just the blind leading the blind now. But back then at that height Magic City and Club Miami and all that shit back then bro Atlanta was beautiful.


You, you wanted to be in Atlanta. Yes. Even when I got here it was still fun. Like when knew you got here? I got here in oh nine. Oh nine. Yeah. I still was having fun. Like I remember the first, the first time that I really, well it was Antoine Walker was there. It's the first time I ever been to Magic Argenx. That's, that's my Dog. He showed me some good times man. I go to Magic City, I end up going in there and he got a briefcase. This I ain't, you know I'm from Indianapolis, I ain't never seen a briefcase full of ones. They bring the briefcase out to him, open up I think it was what, 10,000 ones or something. And they like nah Twan get that every Monday. I'm like what the fuck? I'm like and he like young fella so he throw me a thousand dollars young fella and smooth like that's my og.


I'm like all yeah this is different. That's how we that's you come every Monday. Every Monday. But we stayed in that motherfucker bro. Shout out to the a baby. We stayed in that motherfucker. I see it was safe. Yeah it was safe. You ain't gotta about no cameras, you know what I'm saying? You like something about Magic City man where it was like you don't hear no stories. Nope. All of that one, you ain't never heard no stories about no bullshit going on the magic city because everybody was protecting and safe but everybody had a good time. Yeah, I seen you in there a couple times just showing love. You be chilling. I was like I ain't realize you was that tall. Like when I got drafted I ain't realize niggas was that tall, you know at school. Yeah. Your point. I'm six one. I played the two sometimes when I got here and I seen him, I'm like this niggas 6 8, 2 6.


Like when I see I'm like man I ain't got no chess man. I play the two sometimes. These niggas are cute. Yeah he come just running around niggas I gotta ask him like you said all the smoke man you and Matt went crazy. How was that? You know what I'm saying? Y'all had that relationship. Now y'all come as business partners, like you said trailblazers in the situation was y'all and knuckleheads to see how y'all started into where you is now. Man. Like what's thinking back, how is that feeling man, to see how y'all progressed so far. It ain't nothing but guard bro to be honest bro. 'cause you know like I ain't no different than y'all. Ain't no different than y'all. A lot of times, especially after Bath, our careers end guys like me and Matt don't get these opportunities. They give 'em to the guys. That was the stars that was on the commercials and all that shit. Well I think Guard just put us in the perfect time because when me and Matt both decided to stop doing Fox ESPN, we ended up, we ended up coming up with all the smoke and we brought it to a woman named Ellen Ton.


Ellen Ton was the woman who started Red Table Talk. Okay. Oh Lord. She started Red Table Talk. Shout to her and her and Matt like this shout that's Matt's girl out to you. She ended up calling Brian Daley. Brian Daley was the VP of sports at Showtime. They was looking to for another sports show, but they didn't know they wanted to have a sports show but they didn't know about podcasts. We didn't even know about podcasts. When Matt told me about it, I'm like, what is it? And when Matt brought him the idea, they said Cool Matt, we'll do it with you but We don't want Steven Jackson. Damn. Damn. We heard a lot of stuff about him. Matt was like, I ain't doing it. If it ain't him, I'm not doing it. Shout to Matt real nigga. Yeah I'm not, I'm not doing it. And the first we do the first photo shoot for it.


We smoking and shit. We smoking and shit on the photo shoot. I got my shirt off like a rap album and shit. Hold up man. Hold on, hold on, hold on hold, hold up. This might not work man. We might not, we, I don't think we can show time to get behind this but they got behind it bro. And you know, we end up cleaning up a little bit. We smoked on some shows but we ended up cleaning it up to the point where we end up doing a deal with iHeart for our audio and we end up building up our, our relationship with Showtime. So now we're five years in. So it ends up where five years into podcast now Paramount buys Showtime. Yep. They buy and they want to get rid of all their properties, the social properties, the boxing, you know, and Showtime boxing was the biggest thing that they had.


Yeah. Yep. So during that time, Brian Daley, which is the vp, he knew that Showtime was about to get bought out. So he had an idea with him and Matt let's start our own production company. So while we was still with Showtime, we started building all the smoke productions with they bread, you know what I'm saying? Started building all the smoke production. And during that time I had got into boxing while I started doing the, the weigh ins for boxing. I started doing the interviews with tanking tanks, wanted me all his fights and shit like that. So I got into the box. So when we, when Showtime had to buy, when Paramount was buying us out, Brian finesse some type of way where we own all showtime boxing properties now. So now Showtime boxing is all the smoke fight and all the smoke boxing.


So y'all, we so we got, we we finna be a big player in the boxing space now we gonna put on our own fights taking that whole blueprint and doing that now. So I think for us with the production company show we have, we have a, a partnership with DraftKings where we have a number of shows on their network. I think just the fact that we were able to build so much stuff from just starting with the podcast, you know what I'm saying? That's why I I I the sky's the limit for y'all. 'cause y'all done so much in a short time. But for us to be able to build a boxing of the, the, the, the podcast and the production company and start doing live shows like that ain't nothing but guard bro. Because we, we didn't expect, we didn't know what we was doing. We didn't have no blueprint tool. It, we just, just jumped out there on the league. But the timing and everything worked to our failed, you know, with, with Paramount and all that, everything.


So that's why I say it was Guard bro because a lot of stuff that happened with us, it was just perfect timing for us to be where we at. Now did y'all put that better in KG back? Yes. So we had a lot to do with, with KG certified. You know we, we have a show called Certified Smoke What we do a cross show with them, you know what I'm saying? And we was doing a lot of business. We was actually producing, they shows with all the smoke production, I think they going on and doing they own stuff now. You know, trying to do their own algorithm and stuff now. But, but we, we still a family. We still do Certified Smoke but definitely we definitely started them. We have the show with Ron Rondo and um-Huh? And Boogie. Yep. Bully Ball. We have Rachel Nichols, you know we building some other properties now we but all of on the boxing side we have Andre Ward. Yes.


Yeah. And Roy Jones, we just signed them. So that's hard. It's been a blessing man. We're just trying to continue to build this because they don't expect stuff like that to happen from guys like us. You know what I'm saying? They don't expect that. But I'll follow Matt anyway. I think Matt and Brian, Brian DA's been big for us 'cause they have that mindset. Like I haven't been in one meeting, I haven't missed one check. You know what I'm saying? My job ain't to be in the meetings. 'cause I know that ain't, that ain't my specialty. I didn't go to school Matt and went to school for that shit. When it's time to collect money, when it's time to show up in the entertain, I know my job. So we, everybody in our, you know, our little, our little small 12 people on our roster, you know, everybody got a job to do it. And I think we depend on everybody to do their job. 'cause you know, everybody wanna play their role and, and be a star of their own role. And that's One thing.


I think people don't realize like with these opportunities, yeah it might start off as a podcast, but we have an opportunity for especially black entrepreneurs to build enterprises off this stuff. Yes, yes. Like you said you go into a Showtime box like I kept seeing you at the boxing stuff, so now it's all making sense. It making sense. Yeah. But that's dope. Like you getting collecting intellectual properties that they don't give us the opportunity to have. Look what had to happen for y'all to even have an opportunity. 'cause those cable networks don't fail. They sell or they just get bigger. Yep. So that's dope to see y'all capitalize on it. It shows that a business mind, like you said, everybody play they part that's a dope part. Ain't nobody getting out of pocket. Ain't nobody getting too gritty. We got a operation got machine to keep flowing and it's dope to see that for y'all, man. We love to see that. I gonna ask you, bro, he did his first thing with Cube this year with the big three.


Big three. Yeah. You was like one of the pioneers kicked that shit off, bro. Like how did that come about? Like So for, for me, like when it, for the big three first started, like, I was excited because I knew how I was one of those guys that wanted to play basketball still. And I wasn't, I wasn't going overseas, you know what I'm saying? I wasn't doing no shit like that. But I wanted to play right here and Cube, a lot of the guys that Cube liked watching play was retiring and leaving the game. So when he, when he, he started the leagues like, bro, I wanna start this league. I wanna do a combine in Vegas just to see what the league was like. So during that time I was doing tour days, I was working out hard, I had got sw like I, 'cause I got back into that mode, you know what I'm saying? I got back into the basketball mode and when we got there I seen a lot of guys wasn't in shape and I seen a lot of guys think like, man I'm just gonna get this check.


Yeah. Get guaranteed 10,000 a week. I ain't Finn work out, I was just gonna show up and get this money. No you're not. Yeah. First game in first day while they having the combine Cube asked me and Al and Kaino and cor mcg Getty play like a, just like a, a test game to see what the what the league would be like. And I took that shit too serious. You know what I'm saying? Because I I I did, you know what I'm saying? Because I really wanted to set the tone because I seen how niggas was approaching this shit, how they were showing up all fat and outta shape and like I'm not finna be like, if y'all gonna show up like this and I'm gonna give everybody a hundred points every night. Right. You know what I'm saying? That's, that was my attitude tone. You know what I'm saying? So that scrimmage, I was talking, she know me and al best friends, I was calling Al bitches cursing him out.


Like we was like we, me and Corey is brothers. Like I, I was, we was going at each other for that little short time, but everybody like a hundred people in the gym, everybody saw like, okay this what the league gonna be like. And Q was excited. Like that's what I needed, that's what I needed. And I I I was happy to not only play in the big three but shit we all looked up to Ice Cube. Yeah. Like fuck I look, I look up the fucking cube, how could I not be in his league? And the fact that he say I had a big part in, you know what I saying on you bro, that meant everything to me dog. So that's why I still coach now. That's why I'm still involved in the league now. You know what I'm saying? Because I know where he wants to go with the league and we all have an opportunity to benefit off something great. You know what I'm saying? Something that the black person is building so I'm gonna always be down with him, you know what I'm saying?


Even if, even if it's just coaching, not like I'm doing now. I'm gonna be a part of the league. Yeah. He Said that half court bigger than what niggas think too Out there bullshit. That first week I said shit, that's the NBA court. He was like, yeah, he thought this shit was easy, you know, I was like, hell yeah bro. I used to, my first, my years playing all my points was on the block. I hit a couple threes but I was, I'm a big two guard so not regardless nine outta 10 the people that I played against in the big three, I'm gonna have advantage on the block. You know what I'm saying? And, and I abuse that shit. But that's how, that's how I had success. But when Joe came, it was over. I ain't the biggest in the world. Hell nah. Joe punishing everybody that's 6 8 2 60 with the hat.


All he had all he had it all. You know what, I'm still getting to it. Y'all's been my nemesis my whole career though. Joe used to bust my ass my whole career though. Oh. Oh. So that's one, that's one that we used to go out but like yeah Joe, Joe spun me around. I remember Joe spun me around one time. Oh I do remember that shit spun I to the bitch. I was like, you got on the string like that how you be so hype? I think it was like a foul happened or something. Yeah. I, I had to foul him 'cause he spun me around. I got hype. Ain't nobody never fall. AI made me stumble and Joe spun me around but ain't nobody never made me fall. You know who made me fall, flip, flip? He made me fall. What the is you with My first preseason game? He was on the bobcats he had was in Atlanta the year before and they didn't pick up his options.


I was on the team first preseason game. He went snatched back. I looked at the bench. Joe Smith had a towel like this. Smooth was like this bi was standing up this shit. I welcome to the league bro. Welcome to the league. I was hurt. I was playing defense so hard. The next possession dude was like, it's cool bro. You know, flip me like chills. Flip was the bucket getter though. Yeah, he was was that was another underwriter one Phil For sure. Did y'all win that chip the first year? The big three? No. No. So I wasn't, I was gonna kill the threes at that time. Trilogy went 10 and o's al they went and Mahar. McCants.


Yeah. Al and Rashan McCants walked everybody down for 10 games. 25. You get 25, I get 25. And nobody could guard Al. I'm talking about Al. Al and Rashaan. McCan was low key un style by that first year. They, they, they dominated that first year. How Isaiah was playing this year on your team. I was like, nigga you gonna post up the whole game and I hear you like, go back down nigga, make it easy. Go back down, make it easy. These niggas gonna make you chasing somebody now. You ain't faster than these motherfuckers. You know what I'm saying? Down. I said fuck this. And he stopped. He stopped posting up. And guess what happened? They walked us down. They walked us down, said we and, and he got tired. I told him, I said, boy you try to guard these niggas out here, I way out.


You gonna be tired. Yeah. And guess what he did at the end of the game? Dumb fo because he was tired. Walk them. I told him, nigga they gonna walk us down. We not a fast team. We gotta use our size. It's a, if they walk us down, I, it's a big moment in the big three walk down. That's a, that's a, a historic big three game right there. They walk us down though. Oh that was a fun game. They walked us down. Can you speak on the moment you in Oak had? Yeah. So so what, what, what people don't know is that, so that's, that's one of my best friends in the world. We talk all the time. So it, it was just a a a moment where two competitors, so Oak, Oak is, Oak wants to win just as bad as I do. Yeah. We was in Texas. So I feel like anywhere in Texas I can get anybody murdered.


Okay. That's just how I feel. I'm not live, I'm not live in Texas. You know what I mean? I'm just keeping it real. You know what I'm saying? If I wanted to, I'm at peace. I'm peace with everybody. But if I wanted to, I could make some shit happen in Texas. You know what I'm saying? And I was, my adrenaline was pumping. His adrenaline was pumping. Yeah. He took me out the game 'cause I was arguing the refs and he is like, man, get back in the game. I'm like, I told him something man. He was like, I said something, I'm going back in the game. He was like, no you not. I'm like, who gonna stop me? He's like, I'm gonna stop him nigga. You know where you at? I had to remind nigga in Texas know where you nigga. Oh. Came back with the hardest shit ever. Nigga. I'm like American Airlines, I'm everywhere we going, we going back and forth to it.


He knew what he was doing though 'cause I, 'cause I got mad when I did not end up winning the game. Yeah. And we at the bar together right after not even talking about it. But that's just our passion for wanting to win. You know what I'm saying? And like, he knew he needed me in the game for us to win. You know what I'm saying? I wasn't understanding that my adrenaline was pumping. But that's my guy d that's, that's just two fiery guys, you know what I'm saying? Trying to win and just the emotions balled over. But that's some shit I saw. There's nobody I respect more than Charles Oak. Charles to the OG before we got outta here man. Tell the people, you know what I'm saying, your entrepreneurs y got the liquor on the way for the people, man. Oh man. Appreciate that. We have a, a mescal that just dropped called the nes. It's in like 10, 10 to 15 states right now. It's not in Atlanta yet, but it's on the west coast in New York that we sold out already in LA And we also have a coffee, a coffee table book, the first podcast with a coffee table book.


Okay. With Smith. With Smith and Schuster called all the Smoke Coffee Table book that's out right now as well. So we gotta touch that. We gotta put it on a desk that don't nobody like close five Sony need to be a part of that liquor brand. Yeah. So we putting that in existence right now and we need to do a collab with y'all. Please do collab with y'all man. Shout out to my all the smoke team. Matt Bryant ani shout, shout to Matt. He always show love to love. Matt gave me some advice early on the podcast game too. For sure. And then lemme say this too, bro, like, I'm glad y'all doing the show. 'cause a lot of people think, like me and Matt always try to say this from our show, like it ain't no competition. That's why if y'all look at my Instagram, I be shouting out all kind of shows all the time.


Different shows, shows that I don't even, people that I don't even know because I want people to know us enough for all of us out there ain't no competition. They want, they want us to think because we all black and we all have this certain talent to be in front of this camera and to draw people in that we are in competition. We're not in competition because we all have our own different stories and people and our our stories are are different. So I want people to understand that your voice is just as big as anybody else's voice. You know? So just believe in your shit. And that's why I'm glad y'all doing y'all shit bro. And I'm honored to be here. I'm glad to have we gonna do this again man, before we get outta here. Oh, we gotta ask him about the vp. Oh, the vp. Ooh, that was, that's a good question. Yeah. So I didn't, so me and Matt argue for four days. Yeah. When I got to what we did it baby, what we did it at in dc we, we went to the VP house.


When I got there, Matt was calling me to, it's a true story. He was calling me to come out to eat. I'm not answer. I'm screening this phone call. I don't wanna be here nigga. I don't want to be in politics. I don't want to do this. Am I lying baby? We at home, me and Matt arguing like we arguing about the shit because the people that support me are not, they look at shit how I look at it like they fucking with politics. The answers to equality and to making America the way it's supposed to be is not rocket signs. Mm. It's not rocket signs, bro. Y'all know how to make, give equality to make people equal. Just, just how y'all put people ahead of us. So the the same way to, to do that is to make equality is real simple, dog. Just give people what they need. It's not rocket science.


So that's why I don't want to be in politics because there's a lot of hope dealing. Mm. That's what they end the day. They, they, they in the hope dealing, they ain't into actually trying to fix shit. They want you to make, they wanna make you think that they got the ideas or they got plans to fix it and shit never gets fixed. So that's why I didn't want to be in politics and I seen it firsthand with the George Floyd situation. Yeah. So when Matt was telling me about going interview the vp, I'm not with it because the people that support me feel the same way. I feel I don't trust her. I know it's all bullshit. Nobody's really fussed. I'm the president of my household, you know what I'm saying? I don't give a fuck about who the president, I'm the president of my shit. You know what I'm saying? And that's how I looked at it. So Matt's looking at it as from a business side. Yeah.


What's this gonna do for our show? What's it gonna do for our production company? All I'm not thinking that man, fuck that. You know I'm not, you know what I'm saying? So the whole, I'm even the day before she'll tell you I'm in my room, Matt is calling me to come prep nigga. I'm not answering my phone. No nigga, I can show nigga I can show you messages, nigga. Hold on. I'm gonna show y'all. Let let y'all know how real it is nigga. Because y'all are my partners. I'm gonna show you how real this, this how I was doing him when he was sending me the, the messages. Bro, I'm gonna show you how I was doing it. Damn. You don't wanna hear about the collard greens nigga in the, in the tub. Nigga. I don't wanna hear about, I did Not wanna go bro. Damn gang Bro. I'm finna show you. Look, hold on this the messages my brother was sending me.


Look. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Look, he, he text, he, he sent me something I say, he say, I don't want look. He say, so you not going to p you gonna pout and ignore me the whole time. You don't wanna smoke. I say, I don't wanna smoke, don't wanna hang out, don't wanna eat nothing, do my job, do my job and be out nigga. He say, do you wanna play COD trying to be funny Nigga look, Send you a video. He being an asshole. You what I'm saying? That's, y'all know y'all brothers. Right. I was not talking to him, dog. So even look Matt said on the show, even when we got to the BP house, I'm sitting in there like this, you know me jt.


Yeah. I wear my emotions on my sleeve, bro. I can't hide. I'm hunter. Don't wanna be here. I, because I know perfect example. I told him, asked my wife, I say, why don't you go do it? They came back. We, we don't wanna do it without him because I'm the face of the biggest civil rights movement ever with the George Floyd. Shit. I know why y'all want me there? Yeah. You using me as a pa, I, I know what you doing. Everybody else might not see it, but I see it. You know what I'm saying? And I wanted to benefit from this shit. Yeah. I'm not thinking business wise, bro. I'm glad I did that shit. You know how much shit came from us doing the interview, all kind of shit coming. And so Matt was Right. And I always follow him with business wise, you know what I'm saying?


But I did not want, and I still don't wanna be in politics, you know what I'm saying? But let me say this too. They say what's your why for voting? I found my why, what is it? And lemme tell you why I found my, why. I can't talk too much about it. But I was recently tased by the police from behind. I got stitches in my chin right now. Yeah. Tased from behind just because I was a big guy recently, bro. Damn. And me seeing the George Floyd shit dealing with the police and all the time how they was treating me. Yeah. Donald Trump was talking about giving police immunity. I so I found my why. Yeah. I can't live my life with the police treating y'all my sons or anybody the way they planning to treat us bro. So that's my why for voting. I just found my why especially after how they treated me.


Nah. You know what I'm saying? I wasn't even know no dumb shit. He tased me. He told me he tased me because I was a big guy. I got, I broke two teeth in the back, all that and get So I'm just saying that's my why. Especially since being through and now. I never voted. I don't believe in politics. But if I had to vote, that would be my why because I don't want him to give police immunity. 'cause they already treating us like shit. Just imagine what they gonna do if they know they can get away with it. All right. Straight up. We're gonna have all my conversation about that situation. Shout out to Freaky Mike. Yeah, shout out to them. Collard Greens. Do you? Come on man. Hey, I did hear that story. Now that's I, I've been eating collard greens all my life. I've never seen them get clean in no bathtub.


They took this nigga to come on. I told you I've never seen in no bathtub. My, I'm sorry. Every show, when have you seen anybody clean greens? They going feel that sink up on both sides. They gonna feel that sink on both sides in the argenx. Nobody gonna the bathroom. We in the kitchen nigga. Where your ass at? Put collar greens in the tub. Man. Come on now. Collar greens weak. Hell come on next time somebody asks her who her favorite rapper is. Rapper is. It can't be Tupac. 'cause they said, who's your favorite rapper that's alive? And she said Tupac. I know what she meant. We ain't gonna judge her for that. She milli vanil. Yeah, we gonna do this again.


Shop club five twenty.com. We got merch now baby. We live till next time. Appreciate y'all. The Volume.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even this sound system that Auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, chase make more of what's your Restrictions and limitations. Apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte Brew two shots of espresso. After Meta AI gets you caffeinated. You are ready for some beats. Hey meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva RayBan Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Vitamin Water was born in New York City because New Yorkers needed a drink that can do it all. 'cause we can do it all like walk 30 blocks and under an hour. Follow four of the city sports teams at once and spend all day in the Chinatown arcade. Drink Weidman Water. It's from New York.


If you're a maintenance supervisor for a commercial property, you've had to deal with everything from leaky faucets to flickering light bulbs. But nothing's worse than that ancient boiler that's lived in the building since the day it was built 50 years ago. It's enough to make anyone lose their cool. That's where Granger comes in. With industrial grade products and dependable fast delivery. Granger can help with any challenge from worn out components to everyday necessities. Call click ranger.com or just stop by Ranger. For the ones who get it done,


Your teen requested a ride, but this time not from you. It's through their Uber teen account. You drive your teenager around a lot to their friend Jacob's House, their other friend Jake's house. To James's. To Jayden's to Jaylen's too. Oh Mom, this is Jake's house, not Jacob's. Now with an Uber teen account, your team can request a ride under your supervision. They'll ride with a highly rated driver and with live trip tracking, you'll follow along the whole ride to their friends' houses. That all sound the same. Add your teen to your Uber account today. See app for details. Bye Mom.