
Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Era, And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page five, Dirk four page is a lead. Okay, you won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need this NFL draft season from DJ's Mock Drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents. We'll have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March 6th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events. Tune into my new podcast, throttle Therapy with Catherine Legg, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your Podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports, The Volume.


All right, A TL brought out the night shares for us. Shout out to the Hawks man. This make some noise for the Hawks. One time The show, two times for y'all. We appreciate y'all pulling up one time for the one time. It's Club five 20. Live in the a TL Man Young Nacho back home man. Yo, I'm glad I don't see no double zero Church, I appreciate that. It's a rough time of my life. The PTSD jersey. Yeah, for sure man. Well listen, this is Club five 20. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. We got some special, special guests with us, man. Honoring no legendary team in the NBA, especially for the Hawk's history man to my immediate lift. We gonna introduce my man's last to my far left, my dog Bishop B here out the pearl. He's how you what? Nasty, what's Happening man?


A l Thank you. He don't even sound the same. A l You know what the shots, you got the zero jersey Turn me up. Yeah, I I like that one. There we double zero. Right. Alright, cool. Here we go. For sure. For sure. Tomorrow. Right. Y'all know what it is, man. A L's finest young nacho, young Teague. How I feel to be back in the A man feel great man. It's always home. My favorite place to ever play. So I'm glad I can have my guys show up with us today. I'm, I'm actually really, really happy about this. We've been trying to get Paul on the show for sure. I wanted to get Kyle, Kyle's my guy. So to be able to do this live with y'all, this is great. For sure man. Shout to the Hawks one more time for making this wonderful situation happen man. Most definitely shout out to y'all as well for pulling up.


But last but most certainly, not least man to my left man, we got two Hawks Legends in the building, man. Both in their All right. Had amazing NBA careers man with no further a dude man. We got Kyle Korver and Paul mess up in the building. Appreciate y'all slide on us, man. Appreciate For sure, for sure. Like we said, we gonna highlight that wonderful year, man. Obviously I had many good years here, but that was a really, really, really special one. But before we get into that year, we gotta talk about how y'all all came together. 'cause obviously Nacho, you was already a hawk. Paul, Kyle, y'all came from different situations. Let's talk about how y'all got to being Atlanta Hawk. Well, I, I guess I'll start. Yeah, I was, I was in, in Utah, You know, I spent seven years in Utah.


Had some great years in Utah and then, You know, it, it was time to go and, You know, I was looking for his place to be closer to home in Louisiana and me and my wife actually were looking at homes, You know, in, in Atlanta, Houston, Dallas area. So we wanted to move back somewhere and the Hawks offered me a two year deal and the rest was history. Most definitely Kyle May, how you come Up. Yeah, I was, I played with Paul in Utah for a couple years and then was in Chicago and then was with Derrick Rose when he was, was MVP. Chill. Cheers. Go. Yeah. But then, You know, things happened. Had to get traded. I knew that I was gonna be on the move.


It's funny, we actually, I was driving with my wife. We drove from New Jersey. I dunno why we did this. We drove all the way to Santa Barbara and on the way we knew we were gonna get traded somewhere and we were like looking around what teams it was gonna be. And we got all the way to Santa Barbara and I got a call from Danny Ferry saying I had to fly the way back. We like drove across the country, got there, went to the airport and flew all the way back to Atlanta. And it was funny, thinking back about it now. We went, we stayed at the Ritz Carlton downtown. Mm. And, and Danny Ferry came down that morning and asked me to come to the table and talked to him. And I thought it was gonna be like, welcome to the Hawks moment. And he was sitting there debating with the doctor if he was gonna accept my physical or not, The ways Right in front of me.


He's like, I don't know, this guy's been, I I I had a, a foot a foot injury the year before and he is like debating if he was gonna accept this thing. And I'm like, man, should I be sitting here? Should I like walk away? And he end, he just, he decided the last second and he's like, all right, we're gonna do it. Welcome to the Hawks. And I was like, okay, so how did I get to the Hawks And physicals? Right. eBay real tricky right now. For sure. Yeah. Now for you, he was already here with a, a different regime obviously new culture, new situation. How was that? Welcome them to the team. I probably wasn't the best at welcoming people to the team. I didn't talk much. So when I met Paul, he just came in.


What's up? You know he don't talk a lot either, so he like, what's up? It's gonna be a great podcast. Yeah, what's up bro? That's all he gave you was a head nod. What's up bro? And Kyle, he was, y'all see Kyle, he, he lights up a room, he comes in. What's up brother? I thought he was like a surfer kind of guy. So I'm like, what's up? Cool dude. Like, but he was super cool. Super chill and it was easy. It was easy to work with. That's crazy. I mean, before we get past this point, we gotta talk about Kyle, man, you got one of the legendary picks in the NBA man you was the Jordan zone. Has that ever like, came across your timeline recently? What's that again? You got the rookie pick, you got the J Zone and everybody's like, dang, we thought he was a surfer but you had the heat on your feet. Please revisit that picture for us.


I swear that's like, it's Like there's a date on the calendar where that picture has to come back on the internet every single year. Man. Most definitely. It's like two pictures. That's one of 'em. But yeah man, You know that was Allstar weekend. You gotta to come with something, right? For sure. A little bit different Allstar weekend now for sure. Right. That's the truth. My fault. I'm petty y'all. But listen man, legendary season to start off, man. First of all, who was coaching that team about the song? Mike Bozer. Coach Bud Sir. Coach Bud The Mans. Yeah, that was my guy. Oh yeah, you can clock it off for Bud now Shout out to Coach Bud. That's, that's the homie for show. Yeah, coach Bud was cool when he first got here. I didn't like him Not to say it like that, but we ended up becoming really good friends.


But for real we played the ISO style, You know, before they got here we had Joe, everybody played one-on-one basketball. I don't know if it was the best brand of basketball, but it was fun. Yeah. And he came in and changed all that and for me it was my time to shine. I thought I just had got the team like it was my first year really about to start and he was like, nah, we don't play that way no more. I was like, he hating. So, so after that I, we didn't start off on the Best Foot, right? Yeah, no. Me and Bud, You know, we kicked it off pretty, pretty good. You know, our first time meeting each other for me, I was just evolving into, You know, a more high volume player and Bud kind of brought that out of me.


You know, I actually reached out, he actually reached out to me a couple weeks ago, You know, when I officially decided to re retire and he said congratulations. And I was like, You know, I appreciate everything that you've done because he helped bring that, You know, whatever it was that I had, You know, out of me. And You know, definitely appreciative for that. Most definitely man. And congratulations as well, man, on the retirement for sure man. There we go. Show some love. Congratulations man. Now before we get into the season, me and Behan gotta talk because You know this our mans this our man from the day one. So naturally we gotta hate and y'all was our favorite team to hate on, man. Yeah. Y'all, y'all was, man I ain't fool with y'all like that.


I'm gonna keep it real. I was support of my guy but I was like, how do they keep winning man? Who, Who, Who, who did you root for at that time I was really just a player. Like Carmelo Anthony was my favorite player, but me and him, it was deeper than y'all. Like he made, he made me not like him. Like he used to come back to the crib. Kyle Korver shoe better than everybody in the league. Kyle Korver shoe better than Ray. I like, man I can't say it on here, but y'all know what Corver, but nah, I just used to be like dang road really leading the hawks like, and I honestly thought that y'all coulda made a for real run. But I had to hate 'cause that was just our beef for real.


But I didn't see winning all true fans. I like that. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It was always real beef though. They Call us the little Giants. You ever seen that movie? That's what they call me every day. Y'all was a little Giants man. Y'all had y'all one shot, Then y'all went on that crazy run. But You know, shout out to y'all. Y'all did y'all thing for sure. Yeah, For sure. Man. We ain't gonna get too far ahead of ourselves. But starting that season off y'all started off 505 and five initial thoughts on that. Like, all right, y'all trying to figure it out or just get used to new players, new tool leaders with Bud everyday new systems or did y'all know we had something special? We just gotta get there? I I, I don't know that we like knew that we were gonna end up with the season that we had. You know, I think that, You know, our group was really, had been the works for a couple years and that's really how these, You know, really good teams happened.


It never just like all comes together. It was very few instances in the NBA A where like a bunch of moves are made and now we have a super team and they're gonna take off. Like that's happened, but it's not very often. And I think what we had all been doing it was, it was just really trusting a process and You know, You know Paul had been there for a couple years then I'd been there a couple years, Jeff had been there but like we didn't really add anything new that was gonna like put us over the top. Yeah, okay. And so it really, so we started off, You know, like you said we started off 500 but like our style of play, our chemistry kept on building and then we end up in, You know, later on in the spring going a whole month without losing and we're like, wow, like I think we're good.


I thought I was gonna get traded when we started off. I'm like yeah that guy probably have to move me. I I'm not mixing in pretty well. But nah, we just got in a groove and like when we got in that groove it was over with. Our defense was connected, our offense was connected and it was times out there during that year. We didn't even get to play the fourth quarter and it messed up my stats. You still made an Allstar team? Barely. Who was the vocal leader on that team though? Who had the biggest vocal? It Wasn't me. It wasn't me because I, all three of y'all is quiet so You know that, I mean that's funny because You know Bud always tried to get somebody to be super vocal, one of those guys, right?


Yeah. And neither one of us, You know, really had it in us. So each one of us would say something every now and then and You know, we'll put our input in. Yeah. But Bud was the vocal leader. Okay. You know, at that time. Alright. Yeah. I didn't say a word. Kyle. Kyle talked, he talked a lot, You know Al You know Al. Yeah. So y'all used to just kill people and not say nothing to nobody. Nobody talk cra crazy to the opponent or nothing. Not even nobody on the bench used to talk crazy. Dennis. Dennis. Yeah, most Definitely. Dennis talk crazy to us. Get About those Uno Games. Yeah. Oh nah, I took that. Oh this is just a sidebar. I took that Uno game and we have 'em at our house all the time.


That Come from you Ultimate Uno us? Yeah. Oh, okay. I didn't know where you got that from. It was more intense than the Uno games than on the court guys. That That's how it is now. I was gonna say, y'all responsible for a lot of random disagreements. Maybe baby fist fights out outside Club five 20 due to Ultimate Uno. So thank y'all for that. We appreciate that footage. For sure. For Sure. That's crazy. The fact that y'all were really that like kind of just monotone, which just killing, but you talked about the makeup of that team and stuff. But also shout to Al Al's still hooping. Ain't that crazy? Super crazy. Still hooping, still Winning Championships. He's super good. Still Al and Dennis from that team show playing.


Yeah man, damn Dang. We fizzled out pretty fast. That would be real quiet. Hey, You know it's, it's bad. Pretty crowd got like a deathly quiet light like RIB That's crazy for sure man. Well listen, y'all caught y'all stride January historic month y like basically y'all entire team was the player of the month. How is that feeling? Y'all all killing, y'all all getting the recognition from that? I know that has to feel good in the locker room for sure. I don't think any one of us cared, You know, at that time I don't think we cared that much. Right. No, we were so in the zone, in the process of, of winning that none of the stats and accolade actually mattered.


Mm. You know, it, it is after the fact, You know, when the career is over with, I look back and say this probably will never be done again. You know, it is an, it is an amazing accomplishment. It, especially when you got four, you got four teammates, You know, it's Allstar probably would never be done again. Yeah. Let's, let's talk about that Allstar bit, man. Listen, four teammates into the Allstar situation. How do y'all find out about that? Because I know some made it a little bit earlier than those, like what's that like when y'all find out that all y'all gonna be representing the squad? I didn't know that all of us was gonna make it. I was just worried about me. I was over there. That's, I was over there Praying.


That's real. That's real. That's real. No, but I knew Paul had a, I knew Paul would make it. He was having a great year. Most definitely. And I knew Al was gonna make it. He had already been making them anyway, so I knew them two were gonna make it. So I didn't know if I would make it and I didn't know if Kyle was gonna make it, but I was excited for it. Kyle, what's that feeling like when you find out you're gonna be representing the squad? It was pretty wild for me. Like, I never saw myself as a all-star player. Like I always wanted to be a, the piece that like, like made a team go and someone that you really wanted to be, You know, you could count on, depend on like you, like I, I wanted to be that that that perfect teammate.


So I never really like looked at myself as being like that. So I, I think with the beauty of that team man is like, we all made each other better For sure. Yeah. Like, and that's really the hallmark of like, the good teams to me is like, when everyone is looking at each other and it's not about me, it's how can I make the guy next to me better? And the beauty of that squad was like, we didn't need, we were talking about words like we didn't, like we, we talked on the court, we talked in like nods and winks and looks and like, that's what made us special. It was like we didn't have to like communicate like yelling at each other. Like we was like, I looked at you and looked at Al and I knew we were gonna run wide. Yeah. You know, like it was just, we, we, we had this kind of sixth sense to us and that's really what made that team special and that's what made it so fun to play on.


Definitely. That's the problem now with me coaching basketball. Yeah. I think I win. I think they could do that. They, they looking at me like, you alright? You about to pass out Coach? I'm like, yeah, Kyle Korver not walking through that door. Pike. Shout to Pike for sure. No, not at all. Yeah. I mean for me I was, You know, I was happy, You know, I had teammates going to the All Star Game with me. Mm. You know, I I was, I was, I don't mess with the other guys man. I, I don't, I didn't care about all that, You know, but to have my teammates with me, You know, going to the All-Star games, it, it definitely meant something and on top of that, but I was, I was angry because Damari didn't make it. Yeah. You know, and Damari was my guy, You know, Damari everybody knows, was like the engine guy, You know, he, he was the glue guy, You know, he, he did a lot to help us win and it just sucks, You know, to see that he didn't, he didn't be a part of that, that moment, You know what I mean?


So, You know, for me it was a bittersweet moment. But definitely was glad glad I had my other guys with me. I was gonna ask that question on a ve topic with b in, if everybody on the star five make that, that Allstar team, but you don't, He got paid though that next summer. That's what, see that's he legend at the bank. Nah, that's what it's about. Did Ja used to ever run a, like a special play that y'all knew? Couldn't nobody stop the entire for all cheap. I know it, I remember we had, we had some go-to plays. I Don't know. I was just asking because Jeff be trying to get his players to run some of those players working out. Most of 'em Was Cal You know, when when, when Kyle Korver came off a screen, he had the whole building looking at him.


Yeah. You know, and when he made that he, either he was had a open shot or he made the pass down. I mean we got that every single time. Every Single time. Okay. Yeah. That was easy. Like I remember it is a video going around, well I think you scored what, 11 points in like a minute or something like that. You know, like this crazy heat check. And I just remember like, we used to just throw you the ball anywhere. Like we'd be, you'd be running around like he gonna shoot it. It's good. Yeah. Every time. I I never really thought you were ever gonna miss like when you missed, I was more like surprised like yeah you missed Him. But I think, You know, and I we're, we're sharing the love here, which I think is great. Yeah.


But You know, like I was a product of of of how we played. Yeah. Right. Like I remember you and Kenny Atkinson watching so many clips of that. Like why, like when exactly does Kyle wanna have the ball and where does he wanna have it? You remember that? Yeah. In that back little gym over there like, and you would watch it and then we'd come talk about it and we'd watch him, we'd come talk about it and like the screens and all the movement, like it was just perfectly set up for me. So it was wonderful man. I love coming off the, off all those screens. It was fun. What's the most threes you hit in the game that season? You remember? Eight. Okay, so it's a whole new world out there now, man. Yeah, it's not that many.


You would've had to shoot 15. You had to. Yep. You think you've been able to rock out in this league today. Oh, oh, oh Oly.


Check engine light on, take the guesswork out of your check engine light with O'Reilly Vera scan it's free and provides a report with solutions based on over 650 million vehicle scans verified by a SE certified master technicians. And if you need help, we can recommend a shop for you. Ask for O'Reilly Vera scan today. Oh, auto parts.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live for All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Hero. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five. Dirk four Page is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad Atem, I left him off my list but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations, that's why. Absolutely. I love it. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me he does. Does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to say warmer Miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda Ballis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Melan Kera and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


For sure. Yeah. Okay. I was just to ask, I you don Talk out Before We go further into the season for y'all being his teammates, how is it like to see him now like, 'cause obviously, You know, he didn't really talk too much to see him on this platform. Is that like a big Man that doesn't talk, has a podcast now? Is that what you're saying? Last time I saw Jeff, he was a scout for us and then the next day he had a podcast and it was like nationally ranked. Like, I'm like, okay, Jeff, tell all them stories. No, no man. No. I'm definitely not surprised. I mean, ge Jeff talked when in the right situations, You know, with the right topics even than that.


And You know, he'll, he'll spill whatever. So, You know, I'm, I'm not surprised, but definitely, You know, congratulations to all Man. Y'all appreciate it. Appreciate it, Love. It's love For sure. Like you said, y'all go into the all star break, You know what I'm saying? Now it's time to. Alright. Real. Can I say something about the All Star Game though? Y'all Remember how cold it was in New York? It was so cold. I was talking to my wife about that this morning. It was awful. It was like negative 30 degrees. It was so Bad. It was cold. I just remember my room service. We had, I told this story about my nephew. I, I had this room service bill that was like eight grand, right? Yeah. I was like, I was saying the same thing. And he was, I guess he thought he was on home alone.


So he was just ordering everything. And I remember going to the office about to check out and I seen Bud and we remember we was running kind of late and Bud was like, I got it all. I got everything. And I looked at him, I said, woo, good luck. I walked to that bus so fast. Funny thing about that, his nephew is now working off his deck at five 20. So he still covering that bill for sure. Yeah, shout to. But like you said, man, have a crazy allstar breaking down. It's back to the season at this point. Y'all locked in. Y'all feel like it's time to contend. What's that? That process like, all right, we got a chance to really make some noise now.


Say it again. I couldn't hear It. Oh my fault. I said, okay, so now after Allstar break, everything's copacetic. Y'all playing good. It's not surprising anymore. It's like, all right, do y'all have championship aspirations? Like, what's that lock in like? Or like, all right we here we can do it now. Yeah, absolutely. That was the goal. You know, I think we had a moment. I think, I think I remember looking at the standings a couple weeks after Allstar break and we were like 13 games ahead of whoever was in second place. Like we were so far ahead and I think there was this whole mindset of like, okay, how do we prepare ourselves to really get into a playoff run? And a lot was based on like, let's be fresh and let's be healthy and let's have our minds right.


And so that's kind of where we, we were going, right? Like trying to prepare ourselves to like to, to be fresh. I thought that in that stretch I thought, You know, a lot of how what made us great was just like our edge and how connected we were. And I thought a little bit of like in that next month and a half or so, we lost a little bit of that, if I'm being honest. We're just like, we were so far ahead of everybody and You know, I dunno, we lost a little bit of that. Whatever was making us really, really tick going into the playoffs. Hmm. Yeah, we started like subbing five in and five out. It was kind of weird. I remember Paul got mad one day. He was like, man, we can't play like this. Like I, I can't catch a rhythm.


I just remember that 'cause B was seven, five in five out and that's when my stats started hurting again. No, but I was just, we you, like you said, we took our foot off the gas a little bit, but I just remember LeBron at the All Star Game saying to me like, I'm gonna figure y'all out. And I was like, we don't even studying what we were doing was like, we don't even know what we're doing. Like we're just playing. And he was like, nah, y'all got, y'all got, y'all got something going on. I'm gonna figure it out. When I figure it out I'm gonna get you. And I was like, we don't know bro. I was like, we just be playing. He was like, nah, he sure figured it out. He did do that.


Yeah. I think that whole, that whole stretch, You know, I think, You know, I don't wanna speak for Bud but was for us to try to, we we knew who we were going to face Yeah. At some point, right? So we knew exactly who we were gonna play and You know, what was gonna be our best lineups, what was gonna be our best plays, our best strategy, You know, going up into that moment. So that whole time was pretty much like a figuring out process. And like Jeff said, it didn't work but I think, I think that we had moments, You know, I don't wanna get too far ahead. No, no do your thing. But You know, even during the course of the season where we knew that whether it's one play or two plays that we took our foot off the gas that You know, could have elevated us to the next level.


Right. And sometimes it'd be like that, You know, especially in this league is, You know, one or two plays can kind of throw your rhythm off within a game, within a season, within a playoff series. And You know, we had a couple of those we were able to shake back a few times, but You know, some of 'em we had, we just had too many going into the dead back season. That's interesting that you say that 'cause I'll take it. So a February game y'all had against Golden State and I remember, You know, that kind of little bit of foreshadow 'em, but the way y'all played against them was just like, oh they can do this against anybody. Yeah. And like that, that adaptive style, not saying this direct correlation, but how y'all played the free moving basketball, like kind of similar. It was like, oh they can do this against anybody. Now it's up. So to hear you say that then what transpires after? That's very interesting.


For sure. Yeah. I mean, You know, we looked at Golden State and how they, how they played and You know, we wanted to be the Eastern Conference type of, You know, golden State Warriors team At that time we had Kyle Korver who we considered the best shooter in the league and we ran a lot of stuff, You know, through Cal Cal was a big part of our offense because You know, he's dangerous behind the three point line, You know. And, and that opened up a lot of windows for myself, Jeff and everybody else. And, but You know, when that shut down, You know, what, what would our next options? And I think those are time kind of the things we struggled with at that time. You know, what else are we gonna do? You know, do we have a counter for the counter for the counter?


And You know, and LeBron figured it out and shut it down and, and those type of things took us out of our rhythm For sure man. But I wanna talk about weight, You know what I'm saying? Before we get to that part where y'all was still killing the city was really behind y'all obviously, You know what I'm saying? Let has a great fan base. You know, the Hawks had some up and down years. Y'all had some good years before with Joe Josh obviously, but the city was really behind y'all. Like the way you even see, like you just go to the Hawks game. The opposing team might have had more than the crowd that time period. Nah, it was up in the city. What's that like feeling that love, You know what I'm saying? On off the court. Y'all in the city. Y'all still killing on the court too? Yeah, I was in the city so I used to, You know, they didn't go out. That boy was outside. I was outside so I got a chance to see the, You know, the people talk to you like, man, we love what you guys are doing.


They was excited about our team. And then the fans like the, the arena used to be lit. Like every time Kyle hit a three you hear a three and all that stuff. It was lit. Even Dennis, when they used to say got him and all that stuff, it was just, the time was just amazing. That year was unbelievable. And I had been here already for I think six or five or six years by then the crowd. I was like, man, it's just, I haven't played in front of the crowd like this yet. And it was with every game he represented. Well for y'all outside Kyle. Oh man, my man. Oh man. No, I, I think, You know, I think when I first got here there was some criticism of like, You know, what's the atmosphere like at the games and in the middle of that season when everything turned like, like what they said, this place, it was a, it was so fun.


Yeah. To be in these games, man. And, and everything that you guys have built now is just added onto that as far as the experience. But like there, there was a real appreciation I think what I felt for like how we played the game. Yeah. And like the intention of like, You know, the players trying to make each other better. Playing a certain style. Even o overachieving to a certain, like we, we all knew like, yo, this, this is a group that needs each other. And there was, and like the purists in Atlanta like came out. Everybody loved it and enjoyed it. And it's just, it's just, it, it's a, it was a team that I loved to play on. It was a team that was fun to root for just because of the posture everyone had towards the actual style of play that was happening out there.


Most definitely. So obviously keep killing you get to the playoffs, you talk about that environment. What's that first home playoff game? Like a breeze? We knew we was gonna win in the first round. Like that was easy. I don't remember who we watched Game Two Wasn't watched it, was it? No, it was Brooklyn. Was it? I don't know who we played. Who did we play? We played Brooklyn. It was Brooklyn. Okay. Last one of those games. Yeah. But I knew, like, we knew we had, we knew I wasn't worried about them at all. Team I was worried about was like Washington, I think that's who we played next, right? Second round. I was like, yeah, it might get a little tricky. My defense was never the best and I was like, that's Prime John Wall, right? Yeah. I was like, we like DeMar.


You might have John Wall. Really the fastest Damari you might have to switch. Yeah. Washington Was good that year. Yeah, they were really good. We were really good that year. Yeah. Yeah. I think we were, we were good against teams that didn't execute well. You know, we, we were good against teams who didn't communicate on defense and we, we just knew teams that we were gonna beat because we were gonna execute. Right. And that first round was definitely one of those. One of Those. For sure I had a business for sure. Like you said, I get into Washington, You know what I'm saying? Different series but gotta still prevail. And let's talk about that final matchup. You know what I'm saying? All chips on the table. What's that environment like, preparing to go into that? Because you playing against LeBron, I was excited.


I was like, yeah, I think we can beat him. 'cause in the regular season we, we did, we beat him pretty good every time. And I was like, yeah. And I seen the first play. He ran a pick and roll with me. I was like, oh, that's what we gonna do the whole game. You gonna bring me in the pick and roll like it's over. So you knew then he figured it out. Yeah. I was like, why you keep calling me up in a pick and roll? I was trying to get that switch. It was over. I was like, I can't go LeBron. I couldn't go Aard de I What you think went wrong, Kyle? Nah, it Jeff Is the reason why y'all, it was not, It was not, it was not just funny.


I was, I was thinking Kyle was gonna be like, well yeah, nah, I ain't throwing my guy at us like that wasn't not Jeff. You know what I mean? We got, we had some injuries too, right? Yeah. I definitely, I mean, I feel like I didn't get to compete in that whole series. Right. I got the second game. But I mean they're, You know, They, the playoff play as as you play and you play in the regular season and you play in the first couple rounds and you play in the last couple rounds. They're all different. Right. There's levels. And I, I think that was a group for them that they had, like the LeBron had been through more of those third and fourth rounds. Like third and fourth rounds are different. And that was our first time as a group going through that.


And there's not, I don't know of any groups that go through it together the first time and get it right. Right. So I I I, I think there's a whole lot of grace in my mind for the, for that group. Like, I thought that, I thought that we showed like who we are and I thought that we showed throughout the regular season, especially like, like we like what Paul said, like, You know, we, we actually beat them I think three of the four times, right? Yeah. But those late rounds are different and it, it's, it's something you have to just keep on experiencing and building on and adding to and like, this is, this is sport. It's what it Is. Well, definitely for the fans in here, obviously who don't have that feeling, obviously playing at home, different environment. What's it like playing on a road than the high like intensity situation?


It's the Best. It's the best. It's The best. There's nothing in sport like silencing a home crowd. There's nothing like it. It is the best. And then, and, and, and You know, it's a bunch of, it's a, a bunch of teams in this league that have great home crowds. But when you, you can silence a team in the playoffs, like it is the best. Yeah. It's, I thought we were gonna win game three. I remember that plays in my head a lot. I thought we won game three and LeBron was LeBron. He's good. Yeah, he's pretty good. He's good. Y'all was up. What happened? We went overtime that game. He hit a three in a corner.


Oh, okay. And tied it up. I thought he caught a cramp magically he came back. I'm like, I like, I was like caught a cramp. He done though. He's, he's back. We lost in overtime. I think shoving might have got a shot to win the game or to tie the game or something. Respect. Yeah. And, and, And granted, I mean we, we felt like we played okay, but they played exceptionally well. They shot They shot the ball Historically. Historically. Yeah. You know, first I remember in the first quarter, I don't think they, they went on a run where they didn't miss a shot. Like they went on. Like Our, our defense was kind of, well who he say we was gonna let shoot, I mean, JR r Smith was not the down shy. So I mean it was tough. Well, that Kevin off they got in a rhythm that, You know, in basketball you get a rhythm like that, You know, you have to stop it.


You have to stop the rhythm. Yeah. And You know, we just got ourselves dug ourselves too big of a hole by not getting them outta that rhythm in the first, first or second quarter. And You know, when you're on the road and you're up against a good team, you're up against LeBron James. It's tough to come back from that. Yeah. You know, but I, I felt like we definitely fought and we had opportunities to change the rhythm and, and change the dynamic of the, the series and we just didn't capitalize on it. You don anyone know something funny about that? You remember when JR started hitting those three? I came to the benches, I got 'em and I got on he, the next one. I was like, I was, I got him. I chasing him. I got him. Kyle was like, okay, he came off the screen, hit another one. I like he go back over there.


I don't know who I thought that was. I'm five 10. The funny, funny that you mentioned that you talking about the LeBron picker Royal, it was a clip going around like LeBron demands that pick a row from you like four or five times in a row, hit one foot. You just like, all right bro. Yeah, he kept doing it. I knew. I was like, they figured it out trying to get the switch. Then we had the double, they was gonna kick it out, get a three. I was like, there's nothing we can do. Most definitely. Obviously, You know, season came up a little bit short of expectations, but you guys had a hell of a season obviously playing the different situations past that. How does it make like the memory of this team feel when you go back and be like, all right, I play different places after this, but the camaraderie we had this magical season still lives on Good.


I mean, for me, I, I went to Denver after that. A lot of young guys, You know, but a lot of young hunky guys, they were hungry. You know, all they needed was a little bit of mentorship to get them over the, the edge. But as far as locker room presence, I mean, I don't think there'll ever be another, You know, situation like we had in Atlanta anywhere else. You know, You know, everywhere else, You know, guys are cool and whatever, but the bond just goes from there. You know, for us, You know, we, we knew each other's families. We went out to dinner. Yeah. You know, on the road we had team bonding, You know, we went to the, to the, to the, what is it? The Braves, You know, stadium and played baseball, man, You know, as a team, You know, we did things like that that, You know, when it gets on the court, it makes it a lot easier to, to gel with a team.


You know? So, You know, there's not, not a lot of teams out there doing that. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Man, That team lives on, to me, I'll just say that like, for me it's almost like when there's someone that you admire in life and they pass away or something happens and it's like you, you take what was good rate in that and you, you want that inside of you. Like that's what that group is for me. Like, there was it, it was so pure. Like I always tell, like I'm talking whenever I, I talk to kids about basketball and it's just always when they're younger it's like, enjoy this because the higher you go it may be more rewarding but it loses its purity. Yeah. And, and it's not often that you get to be around and be in a group in the NBA where like we were all about the right stuff.


And like a lot of like for me now is we're working on building out the hawks like that it's, it's not necessarily the blueprint, but it is a north star. Yeah. All the way and you want to try to, You know, continue to add more talent and, and all those things. But like how that worked, like going back, just thinking back about how this team came together, it wasn't necessarily about adding a bunch of superstars and figuring out like you got really good humans who loved to work, who were loved their craft. Right? You got really, really good coaches. Like the coaching staff that we had that year, like coach Bud McGee, it was Coach Bud. But then think about all the coaches we had. Kenny Quinn Snyder was there the first year, then he left.


We had Kenny, you had Kenny Atkinson, coach Jacobson, you had Nevin who's been a coach in Europe forever. You had Charles Lee, you had Taylor Jenkins, you had, those are just head coaches who've been on the league. You got assistant coaches. Ben Sullivan's been a top assistant. You got Pat St. Pat, St. Andrews, you got Jordan Ott who's in the video room. Like these guys are all front of the band coaches. Like that's who was teaching us every day what it meant to play hawks basketball. Yeah. Right. That's dope. So it is like, this is, this is the formula for me. Like I'm pulling from that here. Right? Like that to me is like again, yes, you add more talent. You try to find, hopefully you get a Number one pick and he becomes an amazing player.


But like, like this is the formula to me. And like, it lives deep in me. Like I, I have a, like I have a real love of the game of basketball. Like it's what drives me. It's why I want to keep on working in this business. And that again is like a north star. Like it is, it was a wonderful, wonderful experience. Like the bonds and the friendships that we have with these guys is real when we see each other. Like it is love. But when you go through heartaches and playoff series and you bond and you work, like there's things that happen in those moments that you can't get in any other way. And yeah, it's just a, it is a, a group and a team that, like I said, like I will pull from the rest of my life.


Yeah. For me, as far as basketball on the court, I never went to a team that had that same synergy and energy together. You know what I mean? So I went to go play for the Pacers two years later and like you said, I'm winking at guys and they like, nah bro, what you got going on? I'm like, cut back doors. You know what I mean? Yeah. So I'm like, it just wasn't the same. Like I went there and I thought like everybody else were dumb basketball players after playing on that team. You know what I mean? We just read each other. Well, we knew everybody's movements, we knew where everybody was gonna be on the court. And then going to these different teams, it wasn't the same. So I'm used to somebody setting a back screen so you can get a wide open jump shot and they like, nah, beat him, beat your man.


I'm like, y'all don't like play together at all. Like I gotta run to the corner every time. Like nah. So it just was a beautiful way to play basketball. I enjoyed that so much that I even try to like, I'm a coach now, I try to bring that same philosophy when we play, move the ball, everybody get a chance to score. No, no go-to guy, but everybody can be the guy. And that was just a beautiful way to play. Yeah. And just to piggyback off that, I mean, I don't know if everybody know that, You know when, when in an the NBA team, you spend more time with your teammates than you do your family. So we, we see each other every single day. Right. And you don't get that feeling, You know, once you get up to the door and say, damn, I gotta go to work again, I gotta go in here again.


Right. You had people who you wanted to play with, people who understood you and that's what made it so special, right? Yeah, Definitely. Naka, we talked about the soft camera. Did You know that she was gonna be the team diet? Because You know, some of your teammates, You know what I'm saying, they lived a different life. You know what I'm saying? In that kitchen. Hey, how many guys you say didn't drink water on the team? Oh my gosh man, we had you guys, we had guys that didn't drink water on our team. One Of those gentlemen on stage drink water. I'm like, you are an NBA basketball player. Your job is to run on the court. How do you not drink water? And like, when Did you start paying? I don't like how its though, I'm like, I don't like how it tastes. It tastes like water.


Listen You guys, one of 'em may or may not be on the stage, wouldn't drink water. They're getting like IVs before the game. They're in the train room with like hooked up to an IV so they can play. I'm like man, just drink this cup of water. Yeah. That's crazy. I couldn't believe you was living like that. Paul. Oh man. Listen man. Legendary team man. The city remembers you. The city embraces you. Shout to everybody here, all here because this very reason man. You might wanna answer that text time. Tap in. Are we opening up to the crowd by chance?


Okay, we'll open up to the crowd. Have a couple questions, couple light questions before we get outta here. Anybody braven up my mask? No, you Yeah. You got your hands up? Yeah, go ahead. We good. Oh wow. It's on the Way. It's on the way man. We going to play. We going, we gonna get that game. We gonna get that game? Yeah. We started to over under right now. Please play your best in draft King gentlemen in the hat. Yes sir. I could start it. If you go look at our numbers, how many minutes we played? We didn't play hot numbers of minutes.


Like I think we played like 26 a game I did like around that time. So Dennis shooter Points per minute was great then, huh? Yeah, I Was killing Dennis Schroder was great. Even Shelvin Mack, Ken Baysmore came off that bench. It was a bunch of guys, Mike Scott, my guy, they had amazing seasons like that whole year. Everybody played well and we all just wanted everybody to win. It was crazy. Like he said, we'd be on a plane playing Uno and all that stuff. And those were my guys. I mean, me and Dennis, we used to go at it a little bit, but other than that we love it. We I love those guys. Dennis was like, 'cause we were all, I mean we were a pretty steady group, right?


Yeah. Like Dennis was like the little brother That you needed Though, that get under your skin, agitate you. Yeah. Get You going. And it was a, he was a super important part of we we needed it. Right? You needed guys like that. We needed guys like Elton Brand and Perel Anti and Michael Alala and I mean there's so many guys who starred in their role for our, for for that group and were about the team. It's a long list. That was a, it was a, it was a great group. Definitely. Gentlemen the back. Yes sir. I seen Bud at a concert. Yeah. He used to take his kids to all the concerts here and I seen him and they were having a good time. He didn't know any of the songs but he was vibing out.


I'm scared to ask which artist it is, but I don't Is the brand same kind? Yeah, we, we was rocking, we was messing up some comics that night. It was huge. Oh boy. Went to go see Future. Yeah. Shout out to Bull. Sure did. Flush Out Guy. Sure Did come in the front. Yes sir. Would've loved to have known. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. There's injuries a part of this whole, of this whole equation. It is every year for every team. There's a lot of things that have to go right to still be playing at the very, very end. And You know, wish we could have had a full spot, but For sure.


And last one right here, my in front. Yeah. I like that. That's hard. Yeah. Yeah. I like that. Matter of fact, I got, oh he grew up in Brooklyn. Louise, pull it up. We appreciate that for sure. Unfortunately we are out time. We wanna say thank you all for pulling up. We appreciate y'all mix more for y'all. Two times for our wonderful guests up here. We appreciate Paul and Kyle pulling up the hawks. Appreciate the hospitality as well. We'll see y'all another time. Cliff five 20, The Volume.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time, Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Go Greatest of their Era. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five. Dirk four Page is a lead. Okay. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we Absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming Up with the King of Spring, Daniel Jeremiah, he requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need, this NFL draft season from DJ's Mock Draft to my top 1 0 1 free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March 6th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.