
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price Plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state


By when it's tip off time. At my house there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liqueur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


We've All got a thing, an obsession for some of uss Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay is for clauses. Get filled with statement pieces and ES v or must have sneakers wait for you. And designer handbags are the real deal on eBay. Doors to open to stacks of the rarest trading cards and a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any doit yourself job. eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things, people love The Volume.


Alright Man, we back another holiday episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Will same gang with me to my left. I got my dog Bishop be he out the pearl release. How you what? Nasty. Cool And nasty. Let's get to it baby. I know, know what I'm saying? I know you had some good Christmas gifts. My boy went straight to the FES with the Oh yeah. You know what I'm saying? With the production team gifts. Yeah. I couldn't wait to throw on the, you know what I mean? The jump mans. Okay. See the baby blue was hat this some real tough, real tough for show man to my right. I got my dog. Young Nacho, young Teg. How you what? Cool and nasty I got on these. I hate dunks now. Damn. Well I hate, but I don't like these ain't sbs. I like sbs.


I just got on my pike dunks I guess. Wow. How these on? You got the red double dunk song? Yeah. That's crazy. Free Coach Teague. So it's backwards. Yeah. Oh God. Hey that's funny. Holiday breakup around, you know what I'm saying? Coaches, they get the extra practice. They got my boy away, man. Free to real man. Man. Definitely. I'm, I'm hurt. That's interesting you say that about the dunks because the dunks like the last couple years went od I remember Pandemic right after they was, you couldn't get no dunks bro. Yeah. Couldn't, no dunks at all. And then they flooded the market and nigga said we are nothing on dunks. They are sitting everywhere now. I like dunks. It's just, nah, I don't, I ain't gonna lie. I do it just that the panda wave was crazy. I just, I don't know.


People over hype. Shoot, I get it. But I don't know. I still rock a dunk to This day. Yeah. I mean I, I grew up on the SB so you know, niggas don't got those no more. They don't know where to get them at. But it's kind of funny 'cause like even like when those came back out, like the different, the Be True series, like the, like even with the Brazil boys, the Syracuse Autum shoes, those were going crazy for a long time. Like after marketing stuff and then they dropped 'em all back again and fucked it up again. I tell niggas all the time that you was really, I had like one pair, but you was the nigga that I seen consistently wearing. Like I tell you, that's where SB Wells came from. Oh yeah. Like niggas didn't know that. Like that was what you used to rock all the time and shit. Oh yeah. Growing up skating. So you feeling A white seeing nigga sluck them out?


I, I respect it. Yeah. I mean I, I never, yeah, I never cared about the ducks. I thought it was cool. 'cause like back in the days you went to like journeys of them random places to get like five point ohs and stuff like that. Like it was cool. But like when they went super crazy, I was like, I mean it's a regular shoe. It's a dunk. It's like an Air Force one. I ain't mad at people wearing it. I hate the pandas but I can't be mad at it. It's a staple shoe. It's a black and white shoe. How could they ever go wrong? Yeah. I started wearing dunks in like 20 14, 20 13. Yeah. And I, I was cool with him then. 'cause I, my brother used to have 'em when I was young. He used to wear 12, wore all old school stuff. So he used to wear dunks. So when I seen him again like I was like damn. Like the air raids and all that shit.


Yeah. Yeah. I wanted that 'cause of my brother. But I was with Adidas so I couldn't wear 'em but I used to buy it, you know what I mean? But then when it started I could wear Nikes again. I started wearing them. People weren't really wearing them. Nah. Especially back then. Yeah. They weren't really wearing them. So I went back to Nike in like 2016. People wasn't rocking 'em. The only person I seen rocking was like Kyrie Kyrie had some dunks but not too many other people was rocking. Yeah. And I was like, damn, Kyrie must be a skater. You know what I mean? Rocking dunks. But then when everybody started wearing 'em like 2020 and shit, I'm like ah nah nah. Yeah. The SB dunk wave was crazy. I remember Kyrie, especially when he was still with Nike, the concept was he had a lot of heat like the lobsters and all the shit.


And he started going back with like the judis and stuff. He had that heat for sure. Yeah. He was going crazy. But you can't find any of that stuff now for anything cheap. That's one thing I had, I was gonna ask y'all that. What shoes y'all used to have? You were like damn, I wish I would've had like this resale market. Even when Mike too, when he was at Foot Locker, niggas had that shit back then. And I'm just like for when StockX first came around to resale places, I'm, I wish I would've kept some of that stuff 'cause I would've came up if my mom would've never sold all them bronze and Barclays and the Bacons, all that shit, bro. I've been went crazy. I just won my white and gold LeBron threes back from back in the day. Facts. Damn. RIP my nigga dj. That was, we slotted them out.


We was out of pocket. I had, I told y'all Levi's and jeans and white T At a time period. That was acceptable bro. We was out pocket but it was acceptable for the white fours. I had them. I had all the Barclays, the red and black Barclays. Yeah, elite. The white barleys. I was the barley guy. The white and blue Barclays. The CB night again, the black and blue Barclays, the black white and blue Barkleys are so fucking coat and they never gonna come back out again. Yeah. I had them, I had all them. We used to buy every barley. Even me and Phil, we had the, I don't know what year it is, the me barleys with the strap across them. Yeah. I had the black ones, the ones that F five was rocking.


Yeah. Yeah. The little grand white. Yeah, I was rocking them. Phil had the navy blue and white ones was gross. But I had the white and silver ones too. I had all them. So I'm trying to think about my childhood worship. Probably just the Webers for me when I was a kid. Kid. The sensations or whatever. White, white, Blue, Five all crazy. Yeah, crazy. School professor school has the white and red ones in his AbbVie and they so fire every time I see 'em they so fire. I had the white and red ones. I had the black and white ones. I had the blue and white ones and then I, Hugh had the black and blue ones. I ain't never get the black and blue ones. I wanted them bad though. I was on a C web A for sure.


See I didn't, I didn't get too many of the sensations. Even though I fuck with 'em heavy. I had the pippins, I had every color. That fucking Pi one they up? Nah, the Pippin one with the squiggly lines. Ro Had all them areas. All them air pippins. The black, white and red ones went crazy. It's another color that had, it was like purple and black. They was dumb too. But it was the heaviest shoe on earth. I don't know why I liked that shoe that much better. I got some of them. I got the black ones right now. The black and red ones? Yeah. In my crib. I Think my mom bought me them. Tim Duncans them was heavy than a bitch. Oh, which ones the phone Max? The Tonto phone Max. Oh nigga. Them is hard. You should have the strongest feet on earth Bro. I do bro. That's why my calves so I'll take a silver. I'll take a silver pair of them right now.


Yeah I still don't got them. I got some black ones and I got them like aqua blue ones or something. All blue. Yeah, We talked to KG too. And when we had him on the show about his shoes, he had a fire show. Oh yeah. T too. I had them garnets our, that was our team basketball shit. Black. Yeah that that's guns most. It's so crazy. 'cause like we talking about this nostalgia like Nike basketball and old shit is like they're never bringing that shit out because only us like it. Yeah. It's point the brand. It's not even worth it. You look at the kids, Kids for sure Malcolm they Could give a fuck Bro. Lou past my man Lou had on the Jason kids the other day. They was so hard. Ah yeah The Zoom them e lee bro. I'm like damn Lou them is hard.


And then I was mad 'cause when the Drakes came out and they was just like them like the Drakes no them like the J kids. Y'all got shit fucked up. I understand y'all age but we not gonna ever disrespect the lineage like that at all. Yeah. Speaking of Lineage, it's Christmas time. Yes sir. You know what's crazy, like we ain't gonna talk about the gifts actually we here for the gifts. I wanna ask y'all, how do you politely say I don't like this gift? Or what do you do with a gift you don't like? You just take it back. Okay. That's why I always ask for gift cards. 'cause if I don't like it from the place, I just give it to my kids. I just don't even use it. I just say thank you and just kind of put it to the side. Yeah. Yeah. Like you know as me and Pats in our family, like we don't give a fuck about gifts.


Like I just always told a motherfucker I don't want a tie. I don't want luggage or I'm cool with cologne too. But don't overdo it. Niggas get the same thing. Like when girls wanna be lazy, niggas get the same thing bro. Talk about it King. I can't, I can't agree. Not me. Mm. My wife go over and over. Yeah. I No, you're talking about, I'm talking about in general. Oh yeah. I'm saying niggas, Niggas don't want, nah we ain't talking about nothing person. I'm just saying niggas do not want ties. Luggage, cologne draws t-shirts. We want it but it's not like damn you really didn't think 'cause we gotta be overly thoughtful. Yeah. Yeah. You buy a girl Victoria's Secret set. She might be Shit.


It better be Fenty better be that Fenty. Yeah. Some Newsome skims or something. That's Oh, speaking of skims bro. She tried to kill boys for the holidays. Yeah Kim out of pocket. She no better than to do that right now. Yeah it is out of pocket. She the gold bro. A nor face collab. Yeah. You don't respect our pockets. She's The gold bro. Nobody's fucking with her bro. The marketing is a one bro. Shout out to ye Skims. Selling off that fast is crazy bro. That's why I feel like it was some people that had already had it. That's why I tell people I'm locked in with Ticketmaster. So y'all ticket drop. Y'all should be late. I'm already tapped the early bird. I feel like Kim got a a hive bro. Oh of course. Most definitely. She Got a hive and I get it.


She the, she the biggest but I'm saying bro for that shit to go Two minutes. Come on bro. Niggas was pressing the fuck out them computer keys. It's crazy bro. Niggas was putting they last minute efforts into that last Christmas gift. Like hey I'm gonna get them skid. No you or not my boy. That's what I thought. I was like p just get on there. So tell me when you get your cart ready. I'm go ahead and swipe up. She said everything's Gone. Yeah but te the TikTok, I got them two pieces on seal. Man That is not the skin I'm saying looking for. That shit is called skiing. Motherfucker get one watch cycle. Motherfuckers a petty hose. The whole outfit. That motherfucker some skiing Ain. L is luggage we carry anyway Like at y'all family functions for like the holidays.


Like do y'all play games and stuff? Like Yeah like family traditions. Y'all play games, any of That. Yeah. Minute to win it. Mm Mm What's that game? I ain't never heard Of that minute to win it. We all, we all gonna have to do that one day. I'm gonna have to show y'all. I did it for one of my birthday parties. But it's like a bunch of little games bro that you play. It's not just one game. Okay. Like table games, anything like pulling the tissue. Oh okay. That type of shit like, you know what I mean? Oh yeah. Swinging the hot dog paws between your leg. Trying to knock it over. Trying what? Excuse me. You put a a hot dog. The girls put a hot dog between they leg on the string and they swing it but you gotta knock the cup over. Oh. I thought it was the one where you tried to eat. I thought you trying catch. I seen that on, y'all ain't seen that on like that's the hell of TikTok child I been seeing.


They they the little bachelor party they'd be swinging it, try to catch it. I said oh this Is their mouth. Yeah. Yes sir. Y'all algorithm different than mine. For real. This hot dog. That's You line the waters up. That's What I say. I would say nah. So you Got Grandmama in there Trying to Catch the hot dog. You ain't never seen where the, they put the present, the little box of presents on they box. Yeah. With the genius. You gotta shake it. Those are minutes to win the game. I Never seen it. You Got a twerk and the motherfucker shit come out. Nah, I ain't doing that. Well no that's not for you. Hopefully I'm gonna leave. You said you have to play these games with us? No, I'm saying though, what we have, you know the Real skill Challenge I saw the ones we got like ping pong balling the water.


I ain't seen no twerking. That's Beer nigga. That's a frat party game nigga. What I'm talking about. You Gotta get the most of them in the Oh yeah. But you can do a bunch of shit bro. You just, it is like an obstacle course. Okay. Basically. Yeah. What about you dj? Y got any traditions? I made new traditions this year because you know I, I feel like it was time to step up from the family. It's been lacking the last couple years. I'm holding it down, you know what I'm saying? Basically, you know what I'm saying. We can watch the, we can have all family time in the morning but once the games come on in the afternoon, that's everybody's cue to, you know what I'm saying? Enjoy this wonderful spread. I provide it for y'all and shut the fuck up. I can play whatever games y'all want to. But once the games come on, I'm trying to hit this, this Christmas lay everybody do what y'all want. Everybody enjoy y'all gifts get out the way clear all so time.


But then later in the night's always kick with my homies. We all got kids and shit now but we always linked up for the games or one of the games on Christmas. So that's always been our tradition. Oh That's dope. Yeah, we Ain't really got no traditions in my crib. Like we used to go to my mama house. We probably go to my mama house for breakfast or something. I don't know. Yeah we probably do something like that. But other than that we just be lazy. Me and P probably have some food and, but that's really it. We don't got shit. Yeah. I used to drink with my homies on Christmas. I did. Wow. I used to. Yeah I used to when I was younger I used to turn up and all my homies got kids so Before I built a foundation. Yeah it's a little different when 'em kids wake up. They be up at 6 37.


They, I used to go out on Christmas Eve For sure. Yeah, that's dead now. Damn. Thanksgiving was my shit. I was Gonna ask y'all what's better going on Thanksgiving Eve or Christmas Eve? Thanksgiving for sure. You got the whole day to recover. Yeah. Nah that was, those are elites elite moments of my life. Man. Some Vogue on Wednesday. Elites. I think we should go out for Christmas Eve. Nah, motherfucker wife kill your ass. Nah. Yeah, Christmas Eve is tough 'cause you gonna have to be up in the morning for the, those that got the little kids that's, that's been waiting for this all year. You have to be front and center ready by 7, 7 30. Don't let some shit need to be assembled. Well You know my kids bro, when they on break bro, I let 'em go crazy bro. They be sleeping till damn near 12 bro. Oh shit. My kids just woke up with come high.


Damn. What's up? Come to bed. I ain't gonna ka bro. Probably six bro. That's all right. My kids be up when they on break bro. I leave them alone, you know what I mean? She needs to be one of 'em to go to bed bro. Let him cook bro. He just gotta go to school for 10, 12 hours a day Bro. That's how Ryan is bro. He be waking up at like three 30 But Christmas Eve you're not rapping Peas on Christmas. EI don't rap. He not rapping at all. I just, I ain't never rap a trick okay Ira To say to have me body the gifts and rapping is crazy. That's why see that's talk About a king. I was trying to chill out on the holidays but that's like me going to the grocery store and with a full box. I mean a car full of shit and going through self checkout. The fuck I look like. What if you go to all, all These people here working, I'll go throw So bigger


Getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns, they're on sale. A Draftking sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect? The number one place to bet touchdowns. Grab some tds with Draftking Sports book. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the DraftKings Sports book app and use code Club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


What's going on? I'm DJ Wells. I'm Brandon Hendricks And we are Role Parters over here at Club five 20.


Man listen roll sparks. If you trying to get it cracking the right way. If you wanna make sure the tonight's extra special, all you gotta do is tap in. It is a prescription. Just follow the instructions are online and they will get you squared away if you qualify for this. And if you do qualify for this man, you gonna have a hell of a time be here. Tell the people about Rose Sparks man. Rose Sparks brought me back to life man. Me and my wife had a great time outta town and this, this got the moment going though. So shout out to Ro Sparks. Come on man. Simple and easy to use. Let December get that playlist cracking. You know what I'm saying? You might have a little bit more on that playlist. Be in, Take it at dinner. Use it at dinner. You know what I mean? When y'all about to cash out on that bill, ride around, hit the highway, take the backways home and you know what I mean By the time y'all enter the crib, it's going down. Come on man. Listen, Rose Sparks be here. They gave y'all a arrested plea. Listen, we are the official Rose Sparks partner here. Make sure you use the promo code Club five 20, get you $15 off your prescription man. Tap in. Get online. It's easy. They'll connect you with a medical professional. If prescribed new sexual health patients get $15 off Sparks on a reoccurring plan. Connect with a provider at row.co/club five 20 to find out if prescription row sparks are right for you. That's right, that's RO Do C co slash Cub five 20 for $15 off your first order.


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about fade this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings. To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of Doors for us. Just this overall sense of community of values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting a loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live


With a full cart. You on grocery shop like me though, Bro? Yeah, I was gonna say not with a full cart bro. I if it's about 20 items. All right, that's my max. Anything else bro? Somebody else is sliding the store bro. I'm not buying all these gifts and, and rapping them bro. That's wild bro. Yeah I ain't, I don't even, I shout I know how to, to my door. I got Ryan gpp, I told him today, Hey you want meet me at the store? I'll come pick you. We go to the store, get your gift. Like I'm not even, I'm with that. I'm not even trying to surprise you no more. Yeah, he at the address just like bro. What You older? Yeah they older. I mean I'm still surprised with my kids but they, their mother is gonna wrap them gifts now Bobby. You know what I mean? Get it out the mug game our talk. But yeah, my girls, I'm not rapping no gifts though bro.


It's crazy 'cause I just feel like it's gonna take me so long to see you rip that bitch up and throw it to the side. I'm gonna be tight. Yeah, I, I told you gotta put all that paper away you gotta put away And then I'm a nigga who has to take all the boxes and shit to the dumpster. That's the biggest. It's just a lot bro. It's a Lot bro. No I ain't gonna hold you. I told y'all that. That V more finesse boy v Moore rap any if you on bro. Then it don't even matter if you bought something from there or not. I just pulled up, I bought a little something just to, you know what I'm saying, get the receipt. Oh yeah I need this. Yeah there's no PS five to V mower but I did not know that. Wrap it down for you Didn't know that. Oh, vow wraps your whole Bro. Pull up bro. They're fucking With you putting that in air. Motherfucker gonna pull up with that U-Haul truck that's, That's between them. But I know that's Brandon Beasley pull up. He ain't doing that fucking give away to them.


30 families. They're gonna ask him to leave but for my little thpo box four they show love. Triple Beasley Go up there at Thanksgiving. Half my won't wrapped in fucking turkeys up. Nigga. Triple blessed. You know how mad I'd be if a nigga gave me a Turkey, wrapped it in paper. I shit, I'm pissed. My nigga be giving back hella shit during Holiday. Oh my mama bro. We need to shout that out because man, dude, great work in the city for sure. Great work in the city. Great work in the city for sure. He strong ass nigga. He got a team but you know, I mean shout out to whoever his team is but I'm saying my nigga really be on the front line. Yeah. Out here slaving for them few days getting them gifts off. So a lot more my nigga might be on the way.


Nah for sure. That's commendable as hell. Yeah, I got some complaints about it gift bags two years ago and I made a statement across the family and I think it was well received. Yeah, DJ be complaining about everything DJ You can get, you can get a handful of not a fucking thing or you can take this bag, make your mind up Like a old purse. No like not shit like the hand you came with empty. Or you can take this gift bag. Make your mind up. I'm gonna wrap a couple gifts. I'm gonna show some love this year but shut the fuck Up. How many people are you buying gifts for in your family? Just nah, not too many. Just immediate nephews stuff like that. Christmas is for kids, adults. Y'all get what y'all get off the strength, you know what I'm saying? You gotta make certain people happy. But I care more about the kids good stuff. Nephews and shit. I show them love. But that's who I care about y'all shit.


I don't get my sisters and them no gifts. Nah, I bought y'all cribs. Y'all gifted forever. Yeah that's a, that's that's A hell of a gift. Barbie. Yeah. Ain't else talk About her black ass back. That's a forever gift. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, yeah she complained about the whips. She outta pocket y'all forever. Barbie Her, her ass kicked for that one. Y'all forever gifted with me. My mama and daddy. Yeah they forever gifted too. That today my daddy birthday. Two shots. Oh Papa T. Man, mama, mama. T ain't rolling with that though. Nah, that's, she got a new car. She straight That's dead. Yeah, she ain't going.


Pops be like it's all good bro. I'll probably give him some something with the golf or something. I just pick and choose. Yeah my boy simulator. You go one. Oh it's up, it's up. Just pick and choose bro. I don't really got a certain amount. It just, if I feel like it. Yeah I don't mind showing love. Only thing I just hate is when like you be showing love to everybody and then you might get some bullshit back. Not that I care but hey if I'm going crazy, See here y'all go. Nah, see niggas don't be Sending these two niggas right here. I love the gold toes but make them socks. Nike. If it's Christmas, you feel me? Like it ain't gotta be too much. But make, make them bitches some lead socks while I, I ain't even gonna wear I we had this talk before last holidays. Oh these niggas are givers but y'all bet not come back with That. I don't want no gifts from nobody.


Only person I wanted to gimme a gift is my wife And she be and that's because She know the shit I like, like shit. Nah. Hey go toes. I'll sponsor me. I'm locked in. I am too. I guarantee by sock can go toes out the gate Gold to rv. I yellow gold bus. I wanna saved socks twice. What is a gift? That's for real for real. Unacceptable Gold toes. Nah, gold toe tap. I'm ambassador. I'm locked in So some socks. If you, you know you, I'm cool with some socks. I mean You bought, y'all bought a bag so motherfucker come with like some, some, some fresh tea.


Y'all sweatsuit niggas. Y'all smooth I'm something. You gimme a Nike sweatsuit and some socks. I'm happy as fuck. That's all I'm you Target Sweatsuit. I said Nike, I I ain't mad at Target sweatsuit. I got some but I said Nike, I don't care. I Actually Hate cups. Like recently I've been collecting bourbon for a minute and niggas just want to get you cups. Yeah. Mm. I don't need no more Fucking cups. That's what I'm gonna get you for Christmas. Yeah. Don't give you no fucking cups. I'm gonna get you a bourbon. That's what it turned. No I'm saying some bourbon. I'm gonna go get you a that's cool. I know us so it's one of my guys man. He got a bourbon company. Okay man. I'm gonna bring you some. I he gave this a fucking, he gave one to my wife. She like what the fuck am I Like we all Race.


Yeah. I'm like p she like, she like, well we don't, I don't drink this. I'm like it's okay man. He was so hyped too. Like this is my favorite. Give it to Her. Oh yeah. I was like yeah he ain't, she ain't tapped in brother. Yeah P drinking burger. She going through it. She got a cigarette on that. I was gonna say boy she that, that Omar pps man with the cigarette on the ear. Yeah. I was like she ain't drinking that. Hey shit. One of the I, I got an A for Christmas one time I was happy as hell. I said shit nigga, I'm about to put this to use right now. Shit. Shout out to you. Buy some weed. Oh that's, You collect bourbon though Mike? Yeah. Oh okay. That's different. That's a cool gift then. Yeah. Yeah. That's a fire. I'm, but he like, how many tumblers do I need? I'm Like no they gimme like glass like shot. I'm like I don't take shots. Oh They gave you shot glasses? I don't take shots of bourbon.


I don't need no more old fashioned cups. Or What about if they write your name when they get your name and gray? I got 10 of them. The gray ones literally 10 of them. None. Of'em got freaky before Michael. Mm. You need to freaky Mike. Get Yeah. Everybody get freaky. Mike cut freaky mike. Merch on the way 20, 25. See they ain't tapped in. Yeah but I'm not, I'm always cool. Like I may be a rare this it's cool. You got, you gonna gimme some underwears. Thet. I'm cool with that shit. You know what I'm saying? I I don't mind that. Just make them socks Nike for Christmas. That's all. That's why I don't want nothing bro. I'm not no Divo. I just, just don't buy me no shit like that though. Yeah. That's why I think me and pee relate 'cause she always gimme me some shit that I, I don't be one but then when I get out I be like damn I needed that.


Yeah you clowning. Yeah. The the ones who people I know that's gonna gimme a gift. I always know they gonna gimme some sauce so I don't be tripping. That's why I don't mind showing up. But some of the stuff it just be like growing up my aunties and shit. I was just like damn y'all really wasn't shit. Y'all used to give us the weakest gifts. I had to go back and be like y'all was on bullshit back then. My mama, my Sister used to get me together. My mama always got me together. Do Y'all ever like look forward to somebody's gift each year and like I know this persons gonna come through every year. Yep. My nah not no more. Yeah. Nah, I'll make sure my, my sisters You talking about right now or when you was younger? Either or. When I was younger I knew I had an aunt that was gonna give me some money. Yeah. My sisters and my cousins they they, yeah my brothers used to hook it up too but my sisters, Yeah Tyrell used to get me fired gifts too.


Damn. Terrell used to always play with me with gifts. Yeah. Him and his mom would probably gimme so I Was spoiling him. I was spoiled as fuck growing up though. Yeah, I was gonna say one, one thing I always loved is that my parents are, we always had dope Christmas and my mom used to always work at a department store. So especially early on, I know we some old niggas talking about this. My mom worked at JC Penney's and back in the day JC Penney's had everything. They had Jordan's and that catalog, they had the game console. So if it was a game system, if it was relatively new, I was definitely getting that bitch for Christmas. Who fucks was taking them department store jobs to them discounts Bro. That was Elite. JC Penney's Sears bro. I remember that. That peak season work. I remember my mom used to put shit on Lay way. Hell yeah Nigga damn now we got Afterpay. Nah that motherfucker value City Lil Way.


I Remember my you should crazy Forgot my motherfucker Fubu outfits bro. Ooh Second day they sold all my shit. I was sick. A nigga walked in that that Bayou City and was like I came up Bro. Because they used to let you not come pick up that shit the they else See these kids Malcolm and them don't know nothing about no Bayou City Lay away let you not come pick that motherfucker up within them 24 hours nigga your ass is grass And don't let it be no heat. Niggas been eyeing it. Them oh five Jersey bro had area color bro. Just let him go to the next nigga bro. I still ain't forgave her for that. You still don't that you with the bacon. Every, every flavor bro. Every flavor. Them hoes bro. For real. It's Crazy. That wasn't no Christmas shit though. It was just some regular shit.


The fact that they used to let people pack up all that shit under The counter. Yeah. Put it on away bro. Come on bro. You have 45 days I'll be back to 200. Yeah, I'll be back to come get this shit. Don't worry about it. Motherfucker Coming back time you shop throw 10 on there. Why you buying other shit? That's fuck Me up. Paper niggas wasted bro. Doing them new receipts and shit man. Dumb. You know what's crazy? I remember going in there with my mom, my auntie one time my auntie had a Leway and she went in there and she put like something loan and she walked out with something else. I was like hey you out of pocket. Like you have a whole inventory behind this counter and you live here with something new. Pay that shit off first 10 on that. But I'm gonna get this shirt while I'm at. It'd be more than off fucking Leway because I, I wonder who the nigga was like hey fuck all this lay weight shit.


Everybody shut all this stupid ass shit down. It Had to be a nigga say this is dumb as fuck though. Was that Walmart nigga? It was a Walmart bro on 86 and boy it's still there bro. Michigan bro. Hey Lay weight used to be slapping bro. Oh I know that Backroom boys. That was like probably the most waste like we got all this shit stacked up back here. We could have sold all this shit today. Them dumb boys getting locked up not paying them bitches. Tabs. Woo. That's Tough. For real bro. Hey man, speaking of that girl say let's start off, what's some of y'all best Christmas gifts y'all ever had one of y'all favorite Christmas moments? Probably PS two. Okay, PS two Dreamcast on my mind. I was about to say when I got Dreamcast and I got 2K, that was probably my favorite Christmas era.


I got crazy Taxi, crazy Taxi was easy. Dreamcast is probably my favorite game system of all time. But Crazy Taxi, I fucking with Mar verse Capcom on there. Mar cap com two is definitely one of the best fight games of all time. For sure. I got Dreamcast. The only game I had was NFL 2K and Crazy Taxi. So who was on the first 2K? It came with a 2K though I think. NFL? Yeah. Yeah it came with NBA 2K didn't it? Oh I think one of the bubble definitely had it with it. Iversson was on the first one. Yeah, Iversson was on 2K and then Rainy Moss was on the football joint for a long time. Def 2K one won the best basketball games of all time bro. Yeah you could see in the controller. Yeah with the memory card. Shit was hard. And then I remember boys trying to, they tried to take the plays off the, off the TV screen. Look at that little bitty ass.


You didn't know what play he was picking bro. You definitely didn't know the play And you had to shoot free throws with the triggers. That shit was crazy. Yeah but at the time bro that was innovation. That was the elite graphics bro. Niggas fucked with Dreamcast. They just all died within two years. That's when TV Started to get bigger though. When Dreamcast came out bro. Oh Yeah, the BBO TV Was changing. Yeah, the 2K era we had, that's when I had the big ass TV nigga. My shit was on the floor bro. Oh Yeah. Big ass 50 inch bro on the floor. I used to love that 2K bro. I remember I got that shit. I ran upstairs so fast. I had to be like sixth, seventh grade when that came up. It had to be But it wasn't. Yeah, 2K one 2000. Yeah 2000 was 2001. Yeah 2000 thousand 1 99.


Yeah so it was 2000 because the game was always year ahead. You right. Damn bro. I had to be in, what grade was I? I Graduated. Yeah I about Say damn I was younger than that. Yo. You Was in fifth grade nigga. Damn They had the big box TV still? Yeah They had them BBL TV shot. There you go. That's crazy. You pulled that bitch up bro. IS swear I had that one Boy niggas used to pull up to church. Wipe the fight. Party them The Zenith. Yep, the zenith on Me. And guess what, you had to have everybody in the house help you move that bitch in. Everybody all heads on deck bro. That Was probably straight Sting movement. Well Don't you ever seen Martin the episode of Martin when they went TV shopping outta pocket. He bought that big ass TV and then that's where my mama and daddy.


That's where my daddy. I told you my daddy. We say that to me when we bought stuff. Buy little tv. I ain't gonna say we used to call it but it was funny though. I was like damn we did have that big stupid ass tv. That's Funny. What, where did was Gina mad when Morgan bought that before? Yeah because he, he fucked up that, that joint account money. Yeah, Marty Was out of pocket. That shit was funny though. Hey listen, it's a funny episode. I I know a lot of people don't say pinpoint your situation. They joint account conversation can get real spooky. Motherfucker get the swiping in there without authorization. Never had one. That's a ar that's a argument when you get home. Never had one Motherfucker. That's a different home. Yeah. I never never had that when I go home.


Y'all Haven't created like no a separate account. Just don't put all your money in the account. No, I'm saying like a this is a house account. We know what's here made you do Stop that. That's what girls say. Your money is my money. What's yours is mine. That's Like a you wanna do it C I'm just ta like Asking for money all the time. It's just like a nice sta if you Oh if you need it I guess But I, I just give it a lump sum a month to like whatever you need to. Yeah just put that in that account Just like nah in your account first. Like that's a great idea 'cause don't worry about my cup. You go So my cup is in my cup.


It's 'cause I just feel like when you got a joint account, depending on who your girl is and I say you know I feel like all of our girls is solid but a motherfucker might feel it one day and might wanna swipe that bitch unauthorized. Yeah, that's awesome. And then you have the uncomfortable conversation like damn you just spend two Gs. Yeah motherfucker like it's our money like I got girls. Be quick to say I'll put it back. Yeah, yeah girl go ahead. That's, that's, that's they always talking about well little white lies, that'd be the motherfucking red flag. Okay, Try me with that. I'm gonna always take that answer. Nah I that Reverse psychology will be, I use that here go that five, 600, whatever it is.


Put that motherfucker in there every month. I know it ain't too much shit. Gotta be fixing around here. That's like when you go out to eat. Don't, don't do that. Fake said too, it's a brand new house. It's too young kid. It's too much shit need to be fixed Now the funny part is when you go out and they do that fake don't do no fake reach for me. I'm The car gonna be right here till they come back. Hey I ain't gonna lie that, that's one thing about P She'll grab that shit before. Okay. Like, like we go to the movies I already know like I don't even bring my wallet. That's like her date but Oh that's, that's a tab too boy because I, yeah because I, I runs up the popcorns, the drinks and the nachos. The guy goes crazy if you don't get icy at the movie. It's not real. It's not real. We we go crazy and we go to the movies often but everything else I don't already know.


What time it's we go out to eat, go and slide that motherfucker over here. You gotta play it. Right. I already know what's happening. We ain't gotta act like you go get it. No. Only thing that makes me mad. Look. Ooh how much why does it matter? Because you're not paying for it. Oh she never does that. Don't, don't worry about it. Just put the card in there and slide back. So that's even more reason why I don't want to join the G. You just know you're wrong bro. I know my wrong. Yeah Big swipe not the little one the reason And she gonna always be there once like you know somebody gotta come fix something. I'm never there. You know, not like I'm not gonna wait like you know it is coming between one and three. Oh they must be talking. See tonight I was like yeah you and all Ryan gonna be there one through three.


It FaceTime me. Yeah. 1, 2, 3. Oh Ryan gonna be there with you. I'll see him when I get back. He know how to fight. He know where the gun at. My boy Matt back. Oh he's equipped. I've been cracking up when people was talking about movie theater is not a day. Do you know how much shit cost us the movie theater? It is a fucking day. I don't know. But that pop y'all you don't focus with movies at all. Yeah but a large popcorn bro. 12 bands. The icy smooth 10. Yeah for sure. Yeah and you definitely not sharing that motherfucker. You get Wait, wait, wait Child. Yeah Large Icy is $10 bro. At the movie theaters Champion in Is it this big? It's large. It is large. You get a refill with it. You gonna get refilled too now the medium that's eight not come with a refill. So you gonna get that large anyway.


And who the fuck y Niggas is paying 22 at the counter for, for a good time. The slushie? Yeah popcorn. Well you have to get two slushies 'cause you're not sharing. So that's two slushies of popcorn. Well ain't sharing we French kiss if that motherfucker's 12 we sharing. Nah that's what's the joint I'm nothing. The joint slushy. Me and P went to the movie the other day. I had a large popcorn. She had a large popcorn. She had a Icy, I had a large drink. I don't do Icy get hit my, it hurt my head. But put your thumb on your roof of your mouth. It'll go away man. What kind of freaky shit this nigga on man some hell remedy. That's a true story bro. If you ever get a headache bro, just put your thumb at the roof of your mouth. Stop That nigga go away.


He like that little dude in that church thing I sent that was doing that with the napkin. He that's being, he was around old people his whole life. Man. I I was that's a, that's the OG shit. Even though if you get a two vague, you know crush two pills up. Don't snort 'em with 'em, dab 'em and put it on you. My niggas didn't joint taught me that one. Respect. Yeah, That's a, that's another rumor. Hey you know what, Back to y'all movie date Before we go back there. Some Happy cracking. Have you seen the, the little kid that's like the coach? Yeah. Yeah. Little Coach. Somebody tagged me on Twitter was like, Hey, this tea first year of Pipe. I was like nigga fucked up Little coach man fuck hell. So y'all niggas running off a hunter at the movies.


First of all, you gotta get your tickets online if it's a new movie. So you gonna pay its probably, it's 30. Yeah, It's 15 ahead now. 16. That was eight 50. And they gonna pay the little whatever fee you pay for online. So you gonna probably pay about 40 right there off the dribble. That's, that's 36 Respect. 36. So then, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm gonna get one popcorn. 'cause we gonna share the popcorn. I'm okay with it just, but That niggas wanna do the joint. I'm, I'm something but we're not eating much popcorn. I I love popcorn. That's a lot of fucking popcorn. I hate, I, I love popcorn but I absolutely hate having to do this. Fuck bitch shit. I, I don't like sharing. I don't, I don't. I feel you. I'll get you own for Apple Share too. Yeah. Like I, I worked hard enough for I don't have to share popcorn.


That's crazy. I'm taking my own water in the movie theater. Fuck y'all. I'm not paying for that $6 Las, I used Take, I used to take Chipotle Qdoba. I'm Not doing that stuff. Wait, you take a, you took a whole meal in there? I Did. I took Popeye's. I'm not doing that. We took Chipotle to see the last time I went was niggas with Attitude Straight outta Compton. No, I seen something after that. I'm lying bad boys. They got good food in the movies. I was gonna say now certain places are for you. Studio movie Girl Got Chipotle. I'm sleep. They don't have Chipotle. Yeah, so I'm but you the nigga they hate sitting next to. 'cause if I walk in, I'm on date night and you got a whole motherfucker burrito next to me. I want you to sit away pee. What about your body come? Yeah. I You in your swear move.


Hey, it's so funny. This might be too much info, but we in a movie watching be okay, Huh? No, when we in movie and you know how you forget you in a movies with other people. Like I be always playing around with PI like be grabbing her and stuff and I like just did it like naturally playing around. And then the person next to me was like, I was like, oh shit. I was like, I had to slap her on the shoulder. Like girl part was funny as hell. She was like, nah it's Lion King. Nothing funny about this shit. What am I doing man, Back in the day, shout out to that movie theater on that dollar 50 movie. Y'all ain't fuck with that back in the day. Yeah. Hell Yeah. My niece used to take me all time. Yeah. Yeah. They used to be the play for sure bro. Used Used go to day night at the p put Y'all were fuck with the drop-in.


Yeah. Chop the TI did that my in Atlanta. I ain't gonna lie. It was the first time I was scared my car was gonna cut off. I was so nervous. I had a new car too, but I was just like, you know how you just like everything can go wrong. I was like, what about my car stop while I'm in here. Yeah. That've been, Yeah. You know how I mean like you watching a movie, the Battery Die had a new car. I was in that motherfucker and a 80 acre priest. Boy, I kept hitting the gas three 15 minutes that motherfucker. And my bitch was A1 but I was like, nah, I ain't getting jump out here. 80 Cap. I was in the That gas through. Oh nigga that was 2008 too. It was 4 25 a gallon.


Who? Hey, I was in Bankhead with it nigga. I was like, I was in that motherfucking lie. My car better not stop. Wait, which car was it? It was a challenger. Oh yeah, you, oh shit. I would've worried about somebody trying to get about that motherfucker. I, that motherfuck life. I'm looking around every time she like, she like Chase Station, let's watch that movie over there. I'm like, eh, shit. I don't know how this shit works Man. That motherfucker on tears, boy. You used to go that bitch about 10. It was cracking. Yeah. My cheap down there turn into the club. My cheap ass uncle used to tell us, get in the back, put your head down. No nigga you gonna pay for us to watch this movie, bro. I Feel my mom and them used to do that so that they didn't have to pay for us for the fair to get to see on life in the back of the van.


Speaking of holidays, man, y'all know all the episodes, old episodes of shows coming out, Martin, all the classic TV shows. Who was y'all favorite like Christmas holiday episode that y'all watched some of sitcom just ran it back. I got to first Martin when he gave Old Boy the Shoes Elite episode. Elite episode where he swapped out the shoes for the homeboy, but also the, the Fresh Prince Boy where they had, they fucked up these front yard and they had everybody pull up hating on him. And he was talking shit to Avenger Holyfield and he pulled up, ah, I ain't see that one. Hey, it's FI hadn't seen it until now. I don't Remember what DJ talking about. I Remember it's a fire episode. It's a fire episode. I Don't remember no Christmas. I was always watching movies.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joba wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for Us. Just this overall sense of community, the values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting and loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live,


We all got a thing obsession. For some of us it's vintages, fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof, eBay, where closets get filled with statement pieces and vintage spots. Where designer handbags or the real deal and all your favorite dead style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rare trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them and if it's your car, the Fusion Most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any Doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Damn. I see. I mean Good Times had a funny, I was watching good time for some reason, but they had a funny ass Christmas episode. What Wonder what the fuck they got? Nothing broke his head. Nothing. That's what it was. That's why it was so funny. It was nothing bro. I was in bitch rolling. Hey that's a black trauma bro. Yeah. Oh God. I done got my bitch hair done. I was crazy. I was about the players' club. He was like, he looking at that from Good Times. And I just think about old girl posting him and she was just like, yeah, RIPI put that pussy on me went to sleep. That's still so crazy that she shout at him out his death like that. If I go, don't shout me out like that. That's crazy. You know we got some good Christmas episodes. Blackish. Blackish was a fi show. You ever watch that show? Yeah, we got some good Christmas episodes.


Is that what Anthony Anderson? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He funny as hell. His rebrand is crazy too. Yeah, that nigga's funny as hell because I just watched Krays to the grave and I was just like, damn, Anthony Anderson was in here. You know what I'm saying? Bat Lefthanded to begin this movie, my boy went to Blackish, got the BBL, he came up in world, he was gay in the movie for the second. He had to flirt with the security guard for them to, so they wanted to watch DMX then break into a fucking vault, which was crazy. Oh that's crazy. But RP DMX man, he was an action star. People forget about that. I remember Anthony Anderson playing in like scary movies and shit. I remember the nigga Kevin Hart most. Yeah. Yeah, him and tds bro. That movie is funny as fuck though. Legend Jane Ka. That's a legendary deal.


Bill Gluckman down for the Bitches and Hoes Elite campaign. What other show has was the classic moments? Man Martin did have a best though with them. Jordans? Yeah, he swapped it out. That was love. I don't know if I would've did it. I'd have got you some shoes. Love you not take one on my feet, but I I'll take the flock. That was respect though. Yeah, that's, that's Kind Cosby show has some classic ones. You know what's crazy? The Cosby Show, rebars used to go crazy and now you don't see them anywhere. I be seen a different world all the time. Well you can't put College Bill on TV no more though. Yeah, you can. He be on sometimes that was gonna say he be on, he don't come across it sneaks on some shit now. But it ain't, it used to be see college show all the time. Oh I take him off though.


That's crazy. Steve Harvey used to be on Nonstop. Damn Steve Harvey show was Fire. I love Steve Harvey Show. Yeah. Any, any Fire Christmas music. What's the best Christmas songs? Well, I'm here to hate. I can tell you what, I don't want to hear any of the Boys Men Christmas. I know everybody. Oh, you out of pocket. Cut that shit the fuck off. Let Snow. I'm tired of hearing that shit bro. This nigga is Wilder now I'm here to bring the hate. I'm sorry. I don't care. That's the best. What station do you play when you listen to Christmas? Because that's the first thing I type in Play Station. I think somebody playing that around me. I'm, I'm playing Webby. It's, it's sad. I don't give damn, don't like Let It Snow. I hate Boy Smith Christmas album. I've heard it so much. I don't wanna hear shit. Everybody loves it and I respect it.


I don't wanna hear that shit no more. Just like I feel like Chris Brown has the best version of this Christmas. I wanna wrap you up. Respect to the og but the Chris Brown, this Christmas is better than every other one. Nah, you smoking n Nigga spin it. I fuck with the Temptations. Yeah, it's solid night. Si. I can't hit that fucker. Like that nigga went too hot. My shit did gave up nigga voice deactivate matter. So I'm gonna ask you since you, you focus with voicemail Christmas. Apparently everybody does. No Mariah Carey or the Boy Smith Christmas Boys Man bro. Oh Lettuce. That's tough. That lettuce, I mean I'm saying Mariah is just the biggest Mariah song that them one them one songs.


The verse. Yeah that verse I'm taking lettuce no over whatever her Christmas song is All I want for Christmas. Yeah man, that's tough. All I want for Christmas is just a vibe. It Is a vibe. Yeah. It's just a vibe. I seen Buddy come out here Like Let it Snow is just if You it slaps. I can't, I'm if you Don't, don't got no girl. You can't listen to that with what your, with your dog. I mean It's the same thing. All I want for Christmas is you. Yeah. It is just like, it is just playing. If you, your niggas just sitting there and y'all listening to let Snows down. Bro. We All, yeah, that's, that's nah let Snow Come on. Niggas might be like, what's the song that y'all remember from back in the day. Niggas might just start singing that like Nah that let it Snow a vibe.


Shit that let it snow a vibe bro. Call straight to the ghet. That's Some cozy, like if you be in front of the fireplace and y'all vibing out, that might accidentally come on. On the RB room. There's another, that bitch is hard. I'm hating. I'm, I'm admitting it. I just don't wanna hear that shit no more. That is A joke. That's a, that's part of the song. Why Y Ya killed that? Ooh Ain't a Productionist Elite song Crazy motherfucker. It's me. I don't give a fuck that song. It's Elite. I love why Y all love it. I don't want shit no more, bro. Killed that dj. You Wilder. W's a legend. Yeah, he he was crazy. He should went solo. He tried, he de Should beat who paid him niggas. Well Brandy happened that another reason. But Damn what he dated Brandy?


Yeah, him Mason Hood. Oh sure. Mason used to date Brandy. Wow. Sean did too. I just thought Q Rich did. I didn't know nobody fool with Brandy. Kobe did too. She was on the, she so hey Moha had him? Yeah, Moha had him. Brandy damn near was decent though. Yeah. And she was one of the co singers. Yeah. Moha. Yeah. Brandy was that one My father. That's where Ray J got it from. Yeah. Oh. Ain't they Lineage ain't just by Coincidence. I did not know these was dating Brandy bro. For real. Moha I'm Had a platinum album in the TV show bro. She was elite To the, oh I this E to the, That show Trash. Whoa. You didn't fuck with Moisha. Moisha was that show was fired. Yeah bro.


Moisha was elite. Hell no. My Best friend, My man boy is too, too tough for me. Which one? The dad. He Frank Mitchell was a piece of shit. Oh you talking about Boyfriend? That rapping from Onyx Q That's because he was on that in real life. Gotta Do get the fuck away from my sister. He my mama though. He gonna beat Miles ass. He was never on no cool shit. Nah, he he Was on bullshit Every episode. He was on Demon time But he was on that in real life. You see Sunset Park? No, I understand that bro. But you, I I remember he checked Charlemagne on the show. Yeah. Yeah. But I just, I did. He fucked the vibe up of the show bro. Frank should have checked. You can't date this. He Was trying to.


He tried. He tried. And what was Frank gonna do? He tried Bro. Frank was out here fucking bitches and telling them, Hey your cousin really? Your brother? Yeah, that's what they right, right there. That show is filthy. Yeah, they moha they they went to the top like I want my brother on here too. They was like, how do we add him? Yeah. Fuck it Frank. A cheater. That was well well back then though, we had something for every family. Everybody could fit the them moisha, the God Huxtables Family Matters. Everybody had a gay uncle who was really married to their auntie. I was lying. It was a partnership. I didn't have that caught 'em Partners. I Didn't have that. Yeah, the partners Called him Partners.


Y'all remember when Jamie Foxy, bill Bellamy was in the hospital and he was trying to sign off on his insurance and that nigga put him as his partner and they like was game when Bill Bellamy, he, bill Bellamy was in the league bro. And he came back to fuck with Jamie and he got hurt. Nah, I wasn't be Bill Bellamy. It was a ice pick. He talking about it Was an ice pick. Nigga name was Ice Pick. Ice Pick. I thought it was Bill Bella. Nah it was same. I know what he talking about. It was a light skinned nigga Ice pick. Damn. He was Ice. I pick Isaac. Yeah that my fault. My fault.


How be a player? Who the fuck talking about? No that's an underrated nigga too. Bill Bellamy. How to be a player as Oh for sure. For sure. I pick Isaac. Yeah Isaac expect that nigga was talking about who Partners and shit. Enough for that nigga insurance policy. I'm gonna say right now the Jamie Fox Show needs more respect bro. It's one of the better shows that don't get enough respect bro. I like Jamie Fox. That's, I can't believe y'all like that. Let it snow. I mean you did but B it it is just me. It know what's, you know the Christmas songs was hard. Silent Night by Temptations is Fire. Oh. Iconic. Santa Claus straight to the ghetto is fire for sure. TLC got Merry Christmas and yeah.


Yeah TLC shit was fire. TCC one of my favorite ones. I Straight to the ghetto hood. Is it The the one that's on Friday after next? Oh yeah, the remix with Na Dogg crazy because the James Brown was crazy. But no that was trash. Nah you know disrespect Na Dogg. No disrespect. I love Na Dogg. That shit dinner kind weak though. I get it. Respect Na Dogg. But to the ghetto. I fuck. I fuck Turn It off. I fuck with play that this Chevy you can't play Morra Carey Your Chevy you outta Pocket. Shit. That nigga came Tyson Period came out to Morra Carey. Y'all seen that? Yeah. What happened? Oh they cheat.


It was a, he cheated him. AI Judge. Yeah scored that shit. Nigga came out the Marketery and got Boom ba. Yeah I, I'm like damn what song, what movie? What's that on? I always wondered about that sidebar like the boxers, hey if you come out with a rapper you lose. He like damn do do I still fuck with you rapper this because don't be losing my shit. Like nah he read that check. I don't know what rapper came out. What a motherfucker they got. They ass be besides I think Adrian Broner came out Black Loss. A Bro always come out with nigga though. But the lifestyle when he came out to life, that was that shit though. That was one the fire hard. That was one of the fires intros ever bro. He was dancing in that motherfucker. Yeah Out That the fight.


Did he fight? That was Rich homie. I think he won the fight as well. Yeah, I don't know if both was there but I know Rich Homie was there for sure. Yeah. Rrp, y'all need crazy Christmas stories I've been a part of. Mm Nah Christmas always been chill for me. Yeah. I ain't had no wicked. I remember we had to, we had to change Christmas up when I was in high school. We had to get that bail money from my brother. We was like hey. He was like hey we good. But you know I'm saying we gonna, we gonna, we gonna scale it back this year. Your brother being home is Christmas. Respect. I remember yeah going to the skating rink to lock in on Christmas. I didn't Had way to New Year's Christmas Eve. Damn my god you nothing Bro. Man on my soul On Christmas as a kid, you been in there long enough, you better get what the guy sing Silent Night because I love my brothers nigga you not setting back my Christmas so this nigga could come home and eat this motherfucking weak ass pie.


Holy brunch. He got locked up right before the weekend so he was in it the whole weekend. My dad didn't wanna do it either. He was like, you know what I'm saying, we gonna scale back a little bit. Make sure you're home for Christmas. And I'm like man, that's my brother too. What you doing? Get in trouble on the weekend anyway nigga. Well we ain't gonna talk about that on the podcast but I'm just saying. I'm just a, he don't gotta talk about what he did but I'm like bro do better bro. Yeah. Let it Snow. You can get in trouble every other day. Snow man. Bitch On even wear the same draws. Alright keep singing that same song And he won Here with the game. The fuck outta here Papa Wells. You Outta pop. Hey you know my dad too so you don't Yeah, he was not happy about that.


That was per mom's equipment. Could You imagine? Your mom tell you we gotta get your brother outta jail. You are not getting to Jordans. I swear to God you gonna have the worst welcome home party ever bro. Oh God. This shit gonna be trash. Don't give a fuck. That is crazy bro. I, because I was, I was in high school by that time so I obviously didn't give a fuck. I was like I just want some games to P ssu with no big deal. I still had a good, my Brothers would came home and got got me right though. I'm talking shit. Yeah. It was funny though because he was nothing. He's Like that's just a wild sword to tell your Kids though. Yeah, I'm good. He had attitude too. That's how I was. You know my dad. Yeah. Yeah. My dad was like, yeah we gonna do something a little different because it's a dumb ass nigga outta jail man. I said alright bro, fuck it's my brother. Get him Out.


Rush. Respect. That's just Crazy. Nigga said fuck up my Jordan. I've been shitty though. What? Just to get this nigga outta jail because he probably gonna go back. Hell no. Well I'm gonna tell you right now, if I had no good, I'd feel differently now. I had a couple, no I had a couple more coming on the way but I had a couple hours. Cool. Now if I finally got shit, Hey bro, you gonna have to, Hey hit the hand bro. When you tap down bro, you, you owe, I remember I got a Steve McNair jersey for Christmas. Mm. But it was the iron joint. I wasn't really tripping. I was hyped to get a jersey. Right. My older brother Terrell, he, he got his, you know we got different mothers. Yeah. So he the only child on his mother's side.


So he came over to my house. This nigga had the authentic, authentic like three jerseys. He like yeah bro had to get this man. You know what I'm saying? Like damn looked at my mama like A heavy print broke. Yeah Like my brother like you could wear it Shit. Nigga just wearing big Clothes. I like you could wear it when you want to. They made shit at my mama. Like I'm like I'm thinking of my dad. Did you buy that One? Now you start shit. You might have had to buy that one. Did you buy That one? Hey Arnold know football jersey. It was crazy. Yeah I was shit at the time the scream people wasn't so bad like it was different levels to him for sure.


But like it is different when you got the authentic song different. That nigga had the ruffle on all this shit. I at Material crazy 'cause a regular hoop jersey. It is. It is weak but you can get away with a swingman. That swing man is definitely, you can get away with For sure. But authentic football jersey next to a U on Crazy, crazy. It, It don't look right and then look right. That shit different. Look right. I was looking at that nigga like then Used to had the patches all kind of shit Bro. And then the equipment thing right here was yeah my shit wasn't like that. But Terrell always been a cool older brother so he like anything you want you can wear it bro. That'd be funny if y'all wore off a picture today. Nah the fuck we wouldn't put something on.


Look, the only time my brother ever got mad at me, he got a FUBU outfit for Christmas nigga he, I mean a Fat Albert outfit. Right. It was like a Fat Albert sweater nigga with Fat Albert whole face on it. So you know that mug probably ran something nigga I wore that bitch before he could. Oh you outta pocket you und stocking the nigga. Shit crazy. That pretty good was Yeah hot nigga. He had to be in high school. I had to be in middle school. Yeah he was boiling. Boy. I wore that motherfucker. His motherfucker probably a four x. I probably weighed one 10 in middle school and he probably had in school he probably had a fit right for him. He probably had some motherfucking Lus, some be Boots, some type of crazy boot for the ball. He probably had some nice and you know I probably was sweating at, I ain't gonna Put you with the Lu Real.


Nah, he ain. Wasn't no Lu nigga, he had the bbo. He definitely was a bbo. I mean he was wearing that shit back then. He always had kicks. See. Oh yeah. T always been fly. No what? No smut. I had that put that sweater on. You know you know how guy we had like gym and shit like you could at lunch hoop and shit. Oh you gonna do this but at gym you could hoop and shit nigga. I probably was hooping in that bitch. That motherfucker was big as hell though. That's crazy bro. I cracked that bitch open for him though. Really? It was nice with Mo. Mo gave you the same energy. You gotta back him from Mo. Mo definitely got back and the lemons gotta be on set next season. We had the bag up here for a short time. We gotta put the lemons right here. Oh yeah, Moog definitely got it back in blood. Oh you still got some fucking his shoes?


I seen 'em the other day. I'm I'll bring 'em up here. That's fucking hilarious. I was gonna Say let somebody restore them. Yeah. That's crazy. A a 10 year restore is nuts on a white shoe. I wanna see it. He's so confident he's, I wanna see it. He's like gimme this shoe where I'm gonna fix it. I ain't gonna pay him but no, he wants to do it for real. Oh okay. Hey that's like the people I, I'll be tapped on some of the randomest videos. Y he's like, it's not in The Volume budget just so you know. That was all unnecessary. Yeah, I'm just saying like you send me hit You with an unnecessary bill though. Yeah. Invoice out ain make you, they be like yeah I got you. And then they got the shit.


Oh yeah. It's gonna be, wait a minute nigga. You didn't discuss the price when I gave you shit. Yeah, shout the buck. Look, It's what Y'all stupid. You know Y got stuck right there Yo. Nah, but that's funny as hell. What else be going on on Christmas man? Shit y'all, y'all, when y'all do Christmas dinner? I heard you talking about Christmas dinner earlier. Yeah. What? Like what's the, what's the meal like? I don't even know. I'm away from the traditional shit. We just had that shit Thanksgiving. As long as it's fire.


Like I know we've had Crab boys the last couple years. Other, I don't care. Just as long as it's an elite meal, that's all I care about. It ain't gotta be none traditional. Just long as it's there and it's fire. I'm cool with it. Our premier chef man. What? What's a good Christmas meal? I don't do the traditional stuff either. If I don't have to but you know people want Thanksgiving food. You might, you know I whip up some pound fried chicken, just soul food depending on the household. Damn. Usually I think Christmas is usually wrapped around brunches though. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. For the most, for most black Femes you kind of, you know, fuck with your family in the morning. But y'all, that's really a rest day. So whatever y'all eat at night is kind of, it's what it's Yeah. I made the mistake of saying, you know what I'm saying? Everybody come over the afternoon.


That's where I fucked up at. I won't make that mistake again. I should One time only. Damn, that's probably too late to order somebody up to do a brunch, huh? Shit, you can get somebody that's just going to be a little pretty Penny be a little pretty penny for sure. I definitely played the surcharge this year for sure. One year. What we, we have a brunch for? No, that thing I had it for my mom's birthday. It was really dope. That was right for Yeah that's it. Huh? It depends bro. You probably could find somebody right now that'll get you together For sure. Yeah because my, my family really can't cook that good so no shade. My mama used to, when she came she, you know her, her hand ain't she? She's Jeezy now. Whi her whip game ain't what it was back in 90. Retired is retired.


You don't have not one person in your family but hey come over and make a brush. I got you. Somebody can make pancakes. Nah look percent nah it it's ice. It's quiet. Ain't No way. I think we had a brush last year. Somebody was like burning the waffles for like Bro what It was, it is not good. You can, you can pay somebody to do breakfast, potatoes, bacon, sausage, shrimp, grits. Oh hell no. Now you tax. I was gonna say please tap me with Hendrick Catering. That's what you need to holler at. Hindrance is Simple. It is bro. No it is not. No it is not. Shrimp or grit is not simple. Ain't simple.


You know how many people don't season grits. Yeah but it, I'm just saying it's really quick to make though y'all it's not. Well We're we 'cause be here he office. We already talked about Y own but where the chefs at that can help my family. Y'all Chef Paul we need tutorial. It's Plenty of Lincoln bio secret. Alright cool. Yeah This gonna Beall. Y'all started DMing me man I but I, I think it's so many people in the Teague family that everybody could bring something bro. It is a lot of people. That's the problem. There's when they bring it, it don't be good Whole lot people with their family bro. And then theres another problem with a lot of family too. It's just like you said, they quality ain't always across the board to Tell somebody, Hey your bacon is nasty. You bacon and you just literally cooking. You don't have to season it. It is what it is.


It do be nasty. Now listen people, people make eggs a lot of different ways. That's different because you season eggs bro. Trash. Trash but bacon and sausage and shit like that. Damn. Eat Eggs. Nah as healthy as you. I figured you gonna fuck up I'm, nah eggs, eggs. One time in my life I'll never eat 'em again. Oh I'm damn I'm smacking. That was like sixth grade shit. Just broke taste. T taste. I dunno how to say nothing but say eggs because No that's a dumb ass answer to what you saying. But they just taste like eggs. They're notable. Ain't nothing taste like a egg. Nigga some I don't eat double eggs or nothing. But eggs don't taste good. You don't eat double eggs? No sir. Deviled eggs, potato salad. Any salad. That ain't regular salad.


Get that shit the fuck away. Potato salad. I'm done with that Booo Devil you go trash. That's never mind. But Yolk, anything with yolk like if I, I could taste you. Sometimes People don't whip their pancakes good enough or they French toast and I can taste the egg in it. I'm done. Damn. I'm, I've always been against french toast. Now if you make french toast with other bread, but the people I grew up seeing people make french toast with like the regular sandwich bread and that is nasty white. If you Eat a motherfucker piece of french toast and you taste the egg, whoever did that Kicked in the back of the Yeah you can bro. That was the worst french toast. That shit was $20 a plate. Nigga I threw, remember we gave it back nigga I was over there eating croissants nigga.


I I wasn't, I wasn't with y'all. Yes you was. Was bro Boston, You had salmon, you had ball salmon. Oh I love that too. That shit was, that was so, but Honestly that was so good with my bread. Y'all know I don like wasted food That spot. Whatever that hotel was, I Don't what's the name of that hotel. I never wanna go back. It was Elite though. The Newbury, the hotel was Newbury. That hotel was nice. The hotel was Fired. Oh but that food it reflected in the price Did Like that. No nothing was Good. Yeah. You Know I don't like the waste food bro. That fresh toast was so it was soaked bro. I said this is like it Had a grit like texture. My salmon was just cooked a little bit with you. Taste. Taste the egg. Yeah that was nothing. That was one. And that bacon wasn't hitting. We talked about nasty bacon.


They bacon was I just, unless you burn bacon Back to the Newberry. We love the Newberry. No we love Newberry But which I got going upstairs, we would not be going to that, that rooftop because we Also ate downstairs. It was fire. It was fire. It was e lee. One of the best salad I ever had in my Life. That was fire. Was that the burger? Yeah I fucked the burgers up. Right Bus? Yeah. That's crazy. Y niggas had nasty bacon. See That's my problem when you Fuck up. It is crazy bro. If you fuck up breakfast food, I have a problem with that because that's one of the easiest things to make. You Get overcook bacon. We didn't burn bacon At my house before but somebody just to make bacon and you just eat it and say it's trash. Sometimes it don't be crisp, crispy enough though. Do y'all put it in the skillet or y'all put it in the oven or air fryer? How y'all, y'all what? With y'all bacon. Which Way? Baking it.


It can go. I like mine to be a little fatty too. Okay. I crunch. I don't like nothing fatty on nothing I eat bro. Yeah. Steak, anything fried pork chop. I eat that little, the little side fat. I don't like nothing chewy. Like slimy or chewy. I don't eat none of that bro. I'll give you my steak medium. Oh nigga I still got blood on it. Nah, that's not blood bro. When it gets to that package, that's not blood anymore bro. It's blood man. Your cows still moving. Nah bro. That's not blood bro. I'm a fool Cal you. Your taste well done. Medium well. Okay. Oh mean you didn't remember where I at bro? Nah, look pink. Your shit be pink. Depends on where you get it. You know. Roof, wrist, that medium is different than most people's medium. Oh you Eat it after the day, after a period.


Whoa. That's all I look at. Like shit, I never a little tank. Couple days for me. I'm quarantine. Quarantine For you, for you to fucking get a steak. Any nigga to eat anything. Well done bro. Yeah, you, you taking years off your life bro. Well Done is crazy. Yeah, I said medium. Say niggas eating well done. You are breaking your teeth. It's still kind of dark though bro. You Might as well eat Taco Bell steak. Nah, I just need a little pink bro. I don't know what a little pink is like Just a little pink in the center. Okay. Not the whole white girl mixed one. I don't want though. I don't want no white bunny. Not So what type of steak is Dr. Omar? Are you Well done?


Black cat Old me and my steak. Like Michael Jordan Take that shit back Now. You always, you can't never get nothing Well done bro. Besides like salmon or something. Not like a raw, a little bit raw salmon too, but no, y'all different. Yeah, Burgers bro. You gotta have that. It can't be well done bro. I I gotta get my burger well done dog. Hey bro, I need, I Can't have no pink on the burger bro. I need that, that gush bro. Different gush different bro. I ain't a burger nigga. I never had beer. I fuck with chicken tenders. I probably need to grow up but I'm, I'm gonna fuck some chicken tenders up this option bro. I eat pretty much Burger chicken tenders or Burger shake, shake Burger Culver's burger? Nah, any type of steak and Shake burger.


I can't say that sound crazy but any type of meats. I'm pretty pulls but like what you entre with the meat pulls? I'm like I'm cool. Okay. Like I could eat burger, steak, lobster, I could eat all that but like, it be the sides that I don't be liking like niggas green beans. Some of 'em be trash. I beans I can't eat. Sparger. They, they, they And when You go to like white establishments? It depends. I like 'em but you have to, if you want to like nfy you gotta coach them. You have to tell 'em to overcook it. Yeah. Like some like when you go to like high end restaurants and shit, they N they don't steam nfy.


Damn. Yeah Because real menu you really like just steam your vegetables just a little bit bro. The crunchy the vegetable or you don't lose the, I forgot what you call it. Nutrients, Nutritional value. Yeah. So when you overcook it like we like it, you lose all the nutrients in the vegetable. So we like soft broccoli, soft asparagus, soft green beans, shit like that. Yeah. That shit is because it's been stewing in butter and that's how I want it. I ain't saying I like 'em, I just be like they be tasting nasty. Like gimme the nutrients Right. Make my celery. But that shit just be nasty. It's not going but when it's softer, the the the seasoning gets in. It gets in there. Yeah. Since we hear holidays. What some of y'all favorite holiday side dishes?


I know it made coincide with Thanksgiving but fuck it Cabbage. Hmm. I I'm cabbage over greens all day. I don't really like sides bro. Damn. Besides collard greens don't, you don't likes you do fuck collard greens. That's it bro. I don't really like, I'm giving back and cheese. This is my last holiday fucking back cheese man. I've been let down recently. I'm, I'm hoping to be, you know what I'm saying? Renewed rejuvenated. 'cause I've been, I've been catching some boo recently so I'm hoping, you know what I'm saying, this puts me back on track. I Really hate that y'all be having like bad food experiences because Niggas don't work no more bro. I nigga went to all these different places. Niggas ain't tapped in bro. Niggas is not putting they heart in the craft no more bro. Bro. I don't really be. Oh yeah It is. Door Dash made it too. Shout to DoorDash. That's not a, that's not a plug. Love DoorDash.


DoorDash just made it too easy for you don't have to cook no more and the priceless sits so hot now. I you damn near going out to eat. It is the am same as going grocery shopping nowadays most places now. If you smart like me it's not though. Listen you gotta be smart. You gotta be smart. You can't go wild out go to the certain places got specials during week certain places pull up There stop whole even if even Whole Foods Trader Joe's them fool. You just gotta know how to, you gotta know How to shop, Pick through this shit y'all. I get it though. DoorDash has made people lazy. I understand but y'all niggas can't keep having all these bad food experiences bro. I Ain't say mine was bad. Y gave five star yesterday. Grub House has been getting all my business even though they delivery I love y'all. Y'all gotta figure that out.


But other than that I'm supporting local black. I was a prime last night. Heat. Great. I ma I was just saying because you said you gonna give a whole macaroni bro. That is like Yeah Macaroni nasty. Top two, top three sides bro. Bro I got PTSD bro. Macaroni, we been procrastination bro. Niggas ain't been tapped in bro. Niggas ain't been getting, I hate white macaroni. Hmm. Steakhouse macaroni ISS disgusting. Yeah that shit's it looks like. Yeah. Nah I'm cool. Make that bitch but my shit ain't, that bitch backing up cheesy looking. I'm cool but I don't, I don't bro you can't do this on the top with the fork or the, or the spoon with the, put that bitch back in bro. I don't like, I don't like making cheese Y niggas is tripping. Y'all niggas don't eat like spinach and shit bro. Our cream Spinach is eat lee Potatoes, fried Potatoes, All that dirty, dirty rice, red rice, beans and rice.


Not red beans savage. I'm listen you, you speaking, you speak. That's culture whole me. You just said to me, I'm fucking with it. Yums no yams, yas, mac and cheese. Best, best combo allall. We had this Baked beans but I know y'all do bake Beans, bake green heat. Yeah. Shout to tomato. Shout out to Malcolm mama Thunder Like fried corn. She gonna be the death damn baked beans since we hear about y'all about some random Christmas as foods. That I don't know y'all probably fuck with. I know you probably don't as well but Egg eggnog Evan Williams Okay with the bourbon. What's happening in there? Oh thats what that's called. You gotta get the old fancy I I rock with Evan Williams with the old Sandys. Okay y fuck y'all fucking with that They got egg in it. It's eggnog.


Yeah. Yes sir. And no. Okay, I'm not drinking. No, no fucking egg. It's Crazy. Y'all niggas drinking drink with egg? No, y'all niggas think y'all fucking rocky or something. What The fuck? It's not a raw egg. Yeah, raw egg bro. It's a little bit of a process. Y'all. Y niggas is wild. It's The American version of Forta. Basically we, We not for nigga, nigga I'm not Spanish. She just Spanish nigga, nigga, nigga, what you want? I down fuck y'all listen. Seen see nigga, I shit that nigga I, I'm just saying.


I dunno What no more. What you say it was called What? Eggnog. Horchata. Oh Ra Horchata is fired nigga. I don't know what Horchata is. I don't know Eggnog. I ain't never seen that shit. You nigga. That had to be his Spanish name Hanta bro. It's right. Yeah, it's American Version Hanta basically, bro. Fuck is he laughing bro? What's the nigga version? He was just trying to You frosted milk? Huh? Frosted plague milk. Oh that's what it tastes like. Frosted plates or cinnamon taste milk.


Oh my God's exactly what? Taste, Cinnamon toast, crunch milk. That's, that's, I ain't drinking that shit either. I don't like milk. Oh My God. Why the fuck is he still laughing bro? Somebody laughing. So just trying to be cool like bro. Try is try. He ain't say try. He said light horse shots like I, I don't know. Egg nogging. How dunno what is Spanish? I I, oh man. So the nigga version Cinnamon toast, crunch milk basically.


Oh fuck. Alright cool. I ain't gonna try it but shout Actually I can't believe y'all drink egg though. That's crazy. Yeah, I have a little cup for the holidays. Other than that. I ain't fucking with the egg now, but this one's special. I I, I'll give it a spin. Y'all put liquor and eggs? Yeah. Put liquor and egg though. Yeah, y'all hear all nasty. It sound When you say it like that. It sounds crazy but that's not what it is. It, it is not. Just look up the, especially at the bars nowadays, a lot of people who like those espresso martinis and eating them type of fancy drinks, them type of sours and stuff. They use yolk to drink, which is crazy but it's pretty proper. That sounds like I'm about to throw up. Yeah, it's it is crazy. Who said my taste Bud is childish. Cordell Cordell music?


No. Okay. Y'all crazy man. Listen man, we hope your holidays is better than ours. We about to. Get up outta here. Be here and tell the people they can grab some merch at for the end of the year. Shop club five twenty.com. Yeah, we got our Christmas special up there. Oh man, I'm lying. Promo code horse chocolate. We'll be back next time we out. Fuck Man. That was funny as fuck The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC.


Hey there, it's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again podcast life. Short talk fast stream Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments and awkward Friday night dinners with Lorelei Rory, and the eclectic mix of characters. Whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time. Hulu has you covered. It's a show, it's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.


Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


70,000 people are here and Bob Dylan is the reason for it. A complete unknown is now a Golden Globe and Critic's choice nominee for best picture. If anyone Is gonna hold your attention on stage, it can be a freak. Are you A freak? Hope so. Timothy Shammy Astonishes as Bob Dylan and critics rave, Edward Norton is absolutely fantastic. Turn it down. Play live. Don't miss the movie. Critics are hailing. Pure cinematic magic. Make some noise. BD a complete unknown. Now playing. Only Peters Rudy Dinar under 1790. Middle without parrot.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community, of the values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North. New residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live.