
Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway long shot. Which quarterback taught you how to throw the ball? 40 yards in long shot. You know, it was this man named Pastor Denny. Okay. And Louisiana. Shreveport, Louisiana. His name was Pastor Denny. He told me he used to train Brett F back in the day. Okay. But you know, everybody says stuff like that. Yeah. But I loved Pastor Denny. He was such a sweet man. And they sat there, they would teach me how to play. They would teach me how to throw the ball, everything like that. I got down and dirty with him. So let's just say for the sake of argument, 'cause now they have a flag football with the, the young ladies play flag football. If they would've had that back then and you could've played, what position would you have played?


You've been a quarterback. I think I would've been a quarterback for sure. Oh, you wouldn shine. Huh? I can't You tell I do think I would've done sports. I would've, because I like discipline. I was just telling that when we was talking, like, I like that. I like, you know, even though I'm not an athlete, I do think like an athlete because I got to make sure I'm on point. I gotta learn my lines. I gotta be here when I gotta show up, I gotta look right. I gotta sound right. I gotta, you know, do all those things and I really do love it. Right. So I feel like if I hadn't gotten to my sport and entertainment, that I would've gotten into something. So, if Kiki Palmer is a quarterback who's, what current quarterback is her game? Is she Lamar Jackson?


She, Patrick Mahomes. She Dak Prescott. She brought Purdy. I mean, who is Kiki as a quarterback? I Mean, Patrick Mahomes is really good. Patrick's home is really good. But I really also do have to show some love to my man, Jalen. Oh, it hurts. Yeah. Okay, Okay. He's good too. Yeah. Yeah. Jalen hurts, I think is great. I think Patrick Mahomes is doing his thing. You can't, you know, you can't deny what you see. Right. You know? Yeah. That's the main thing. I wonder what my man Michael Strahan would say, you know? That's my boy. Okay. Okay. I gotta ask him. I know he don't, he ain't the quarterback, but I gotta ask him what you think. Okay. TLC by you played chili in that buyout. Yes, I did. That was a really fun experience.


That was really, really, really, really fun. I remember going to her house, she has a huge mansion, but everything is miniature to her height. I was like, this is so cute. It was like perfectly for her height. Yeah. And she spent so much time with me speaking to me about her life, her experience in the group, what she, what the movie meant to her. It was just a really special time. Yeah. She's a great lady. I met, I met her several times, and I mean, on the plane and, and we just talked the whole trip from LA back to Atlanta. Oh wow. If you could play anyone else in a bop, who would you play? I wish you Joy. Well, I would live to be, to play Whitney. That would be, but they've done too many of it now, so it's like, I don't wanna keep on going, you know what I mean?


But, but in the back of my throat, I would love to sit up there and, you know, give That you, what about Angela Bassett Would love to be Angela as well. I mean, people always say that because I go into the impressions of her. Yeah. And if Angela wanted me to play her, she all, you know, is I'm one call away. Oh my goodness. Yeah. I mean, we, the, you could really, you got a new movie out with SSA and Issa Ray. Oh, tell us about the movie. So it's called, well actually, I was just about to tell you what it was called, but if we done changed the name, so there's no name yet. Oh, okay. You'll know the name soon. But the movie is about essentially two girls that are trying to make it to get their rent paid and by, you know, by the end of the day. So it kind of goes over the course of one day.


Okay. And all the different high jinks that they experience. But the movie has so many other things, you know, ultimately, like about gentrification and the fact that a lot of people are, you know, being kind of priced out of their environment. So ultimately it comes to a place of being about community and friendship and love and how those are the things I think we gotta clinging to when we're trying to get through these hard times. Right. But you're also in a movie, I think it comes out in 25 with Kat lre. You are also in a movie with them. Correct? They're in this movie. Yes. Yes. They're in this movie as well. Yeah. And it was so fun to work with Kat again, because I worked with him before on two minutes of Fame. Right. And then it was Rel Rel and I never worked together, but we always see each other, you know, we both from Chicago. Right. So it was really cool. We had a lot of fun in this movie too.


And we both all did a little bit of improv. What is the thing? Because people have this perception of Kat and we know that he came on here and sat right there. And That was an iconic episode. It, it was What do, what do, what do people get wrong about Kat? Well, I mean, Kat is no nonsense. I think he says what he means and means what he says. And he really is like, he loves you or he don't, you know, luckily I'm somebody that he loves and I love him right back. You know, he, he's always been so kind, encouraging and loving towards me and very kind of protective as well. But who knows what he's seen. You know what I'm saying? Who knows what he's seen, who knows what he's experienced. I just know he's always been a good dude to me. Right.


Hustlers. You, Jennifer Lopez, Cardi B. Yes. Hustlers. I enjoyed, I mean, I enjoyed doing that movie. Come on. You didn't like doing the, you didn't like the movie I'm saying, but you, the part that you, you was, you know what? That you didn't like what? You didn't like me dancing? Come on. Yeah. But Come on. Ain't Like on dancing, Doing, Lemme get another one of these. I had a good time. You know, they didn't even let me dance as much as I thought they would. They didn't even, you know, mostly the main person dancing was of course the fabulous Jennifer Lopez. She gave us a good show in the beginning. But most of the movie obviously is about us being criminals.


Right. You know what I mean? So I had a lot of fun with it. All the women were amazing. It was just a cool experience, especially for me with comedy at that point. Right. I had been working so hard digitally to, you know, kind of show people what I wanted to do in that space. And so it was awesome that I got the opportunity to kind of show that now also on film in a traditional sense. So what's your favorite story from the set? Because you're on there with Usher and you got Lizzo, you got, you know, Cardi B, you got J-Lo Probably when I sang the Selena song to with Jennifer Lopez. Okay. Because I grew up loving that movie. I mean, I don't know who don't love that movie, Selena Honey.


And so, me and her didn't have a lot of scenes together, but the moments that we had, we would become real close. You know? And even to this day, if she sees something, you would think, man, she's so busy. Right. She'll reach out to me, she say, Hey baby, if you need me, call me. Wow. And so she's just one of those people again where it's like they make a connection to you. They make a connection to you. Right. And they're gonna always be there to support you. And so I just remember us having a lot of random bonding moments and she's always looked out for me ever since then. Wow. The Usher concert I had Usher on and I talked to him and he says I was ushering her a good time.


I love to play on words. Kiki, did you ever think that moment would be as viral as it was? No. I mean, I thought I looked good, but I was Like you. But I was like, no. I mean, you know, Hey, I, we talking about the more ain't got, I aint because I, they already gonna kill me. They already gonna be, I did not expect that at all. You know, I feel like everybody went to the concert and he did kind of like a little moment. Yeah. With Issa Taraji. Everybody did that. So I wasn't sure why Mines was just so gagged. You Do know why you was all into it. What? You were having a good time. Well, what else was I supposed to Do?


Not have a good time. And then look what you had on Kiki. So, you know, it's so funny, I was talking to my girlfriend right before we left. That's why this is also funny in that regard. I was like, girl, do you think you think it's good in the back? Is it too much? She said, girl, you look fabulous. How? Just her laughing in the back right now. She said, I think you look fabulous. You know? So I didn't think much about the look either. And at the concert, I'll be honest with you, usher to me, he's one of those people that do everything and he tells a story. He's real theatrical. You know, he kind of puts a little bit of f Fred as there, but he makes it real hip hop. So when I actually, I think maybe I actually had forgotten That you was at a concert or people Were that he was that good. Oh, okay.


Because when I seen everything he was doing, I just was like a, you know, a natural fan. Yeah. Loving it and enjoying the show. I did not think it would be what it was. You Kiki Palmer though. Yeah. Maybe. Maybe. I don't know that. I do think people sometimes think celebrities have like some intergalactic world that we're just all connected. But I don't know that man no more than I knew Dick Cheney. Right. He just, you know, I mean, he just ushered me. Like he ushered all of us. Yeah. And I'm just a fan at the show, you know. But it caused, it caused some in your household. It caused, it caused some issues. You, you did. You like, did you, you, you know, you, you smooth that out. You know, Kiki, you got Kiki.


First of all, if you're not Kiki Palmer, let's just say you're, you're Jane Smith. Yeah. You don't have a man, you don't have a child. Okay. Ooh ki Look at man, look at Jane Smith doing it. But you're Kiki Palmer. You do have, and you just have a child. I mean, what, what A couple of months old. I think the thing is, if I thought that it was crazy or wrong, I wouldn't have done it. In my mind, I'm just a girl at a concert enjoying it with, you know, I'm taking my coworkers out. We're celebrating key tv. I'm just thinking about having a good time. I'm not thinking about how this is going to look or what, you know. And I, it was just really a surprise to me. I know that sounds crazy, but it, I, I Genuinely, oh, I believe it. Expect, I can believe it, It to become this thing. But then once it becomes this thing, all I know how to do is move forward.


You know what I mean? I don't beat the same drums. Right. I just kind of like, okay, well, you know, life goes on. Right. DDDG without a concert with his girlfriend. Ha. Aler Barrett Bailey and Usher tried to cut like Mm. The way that it's become a continuous G Yeah. Has really, it's really cackling. It really, it really is. I've even gone to comedy shows. It's become a little sketch. Is it true? Like, hello? You, you had a liquor sponsor? No. No. You ain't drinking mine. But I'm just saying. No, No. Do I have a liquor sponsor? I was just thinking about that. Go ahead with your question. But you was pregnant. You want to get one? I like to, nah, You wanna gimme a liquor sponsorship?


I mean, we can work something out. Lemme taste it. Now. Now, now you, why can't I breastfeeding? I ain't pregnant. You Ain't breastfeeding no more. That was real cute how you did that. Oh, I'm just, You know, the people been asking that. I do wanna tell you some of this. I love how you tried that. Come on. You better get into it. I just, I was just, I was just, I was just You Coming from Oprah's? No, no. I was just, I was just, no, you gotta go. No, because they, they said, you know, she done, you know, I said, oh, okay. I need To. find out your big three. 'cause there's some good stuff going on over Here. That is good. That is good. They about to pull me up 'cause this needs to be open. Oh no, this was open.


Go ahead. But you can take that one home though. Lemme ask you this. Thank you. Do you want more kids? I would love like 10 kids come. I know that sounds crazy. You got a late start for 10. I know. Damn. But I would love a lot of kids. I just love the vibe of just, we all in there. Come on crew. And we just riding out together. I just think that's fabulous. You have a brother and a sister, right? Yeah. So it's four of us all together. I got an older sister and I got a younger sister and brother. They're twins, but my mom's a twin and my dad's a twin. Ain't they crazy? It might skip you. No. Why you had to do that? I hope it don't skip me. Cheers. I I would love a lot of kids. I like big families. My dad's one of nine boys.


My mom's one of seven. Yeah. But Dad is nine boys. Well, you probably gonna have all boys would you Want And that would be iconic. I thought you want, you wouldn't want want you wouldn't want a little Kiki. A little Loretta. My mom hates that name. But I love it. I love naming kids old school names. I think that's very cute. Loretta, come here. Loretta Mildred. AKA Millie. Fabulous. You know, I'm a little old school traditional In some ways. I can see, I can see that. Listen to that. You talk and your energy. You don't, you don't. It's good. You don't strike me as a person. That's You trying to come after Sir Davis. I had to shout out my girl.


Yes, yes, yes. Lemme ask you this though. If your son says, you know what mom, I'm kinda wanna follow your path and be in entertainment. You cool with that? I am. I am cool with that. But I'm gonna let him know early on what's going on. Okay. You know how serious it is. But I, but I, I'll be like this. 'cause it, even if it's not entertainment, if it's a sport or something, you gotta follow through Baboo. Right. You know, discipline. It's sacrifice and reward. And I'm, I think that's important. You know, I think we need even more of that. I think there's this idea sometimes that it's, you know, getting there supposed to be easier.


There'll be no challenges. Right. It doesn't mean it has to be painful. Right. But you will have challenges. You know, it's like, you, you can't beat Bowser without going through level one through eight. Right. You know, however many it is. Lemme ask you a question. What's been the most gratifying part of being a mother? Hmm. The most gratifying part about being a mother. Hmm. Watching my son grow. Just seeing him learn new things. Seeing his personality come to him, talking. I mean, he's saying stuff now.


He could say, mama, he could say, I love you. Wow. Being a part of someone's life like that and knowing that you have the opportunity to, to support them, to become somebody in this world and Help shape It. And help shape it. I think it's just such a true honor. And, you know, I'm just so grateful. I, I mean, honestly, I really am grateful. I really do feel so blessed. I read, you saw, I saw a quote. You said, I have no confusion on why I'm here on my purpose or my value or why I should stay. What do you mean by that? Well, there've been times where I'm like, should I stay? You know, it gets crazy here and you, you know, sometimes you do wanna go. But my mom says something a lot that my grandmother always said and that my sister named her book after, which is Keep living.


'cause when you do, you get the answer to those questions that you're asking yourself. You know, when we think about self-mastery or mastering the self patience is high on the list. Patience with life and trusting that it'll lead you where you want to go. That's faith. And for me, that's been my compass the entire time here. And so, yeah, at 31 I can say I'm clear and I'm sure I'll reach another evolution when I turn 41. But from 21 when I put out my first book to 31, when I'm putting out my, my Now new book Master of Me. Yeah. I do feel like I've mastered my mind in how to walk through this world and how it perceives me and know how to continue to shape who I wanna be and learn from my mistakes and move on with grace.


Reframe and move on. I read in 2019 as a part of, you Know, me campaign, you shared that you had terminated a pregnancy. Why would you sh why did, why did you not, why would you? Yeah. Why? Why did you share? Why did you share that? Why did I share? So I'm one of those people that really is truly private about most things. Yes. Because I feel like as an entertainer, it actually, I don't wanna put my, so to speak on you. I feel like as an entertainer, I'm here to make you laugh. Talk about something positive, inspire, aspirational, something, something that's gonna be good for your day. You know, I don't wanna come at you with my baggage. Right. And so I usually don't, you know, and that's not to say my personal life is baggage, but it just doesn't have nothing to do with you.


And so I usually don't say certain things unless it could be of service to someone else. And I think I forget exactly what was going on at that time. I'm sure it was a multitude of things happening. Obviously we've seen the reversal of Roe versus Wade and there's a bunch of things happen politically with women's rights. And I just feel like, look, if you, if you don't feel like you can do it, then don't do it. And I felt like I couldn't do it. And it's a disservice to that child. It's a disservice to myself To, to just to do it that way. Right. I just felt That I wouldn't be good. That it wouldn't be right. And yeah, you can look at it differently.


You can say, well, that God was testing you and you had to follow through on that. And that could be the case. And it is what it is. That's my relationship. That's what, you know, that's how I move forward with that. But I shared it just in case someone else may have been going through that. They may have questioned it, they may have been concerned, they may have been worried. I wanted them to know that if I am somebody that they look at or they look up to or they feel encouraged by that, despite the choices that I've made, make a right choice for you. Don't, you don't have to do what I did. You don't have to not do what I did. But I would like to encourage you to do what's best for you. Because even in whatever somebody thinks it is, or good or bad, it's your journey.


So whatever decision you make is the right one because it's gonna get you to where you need to go With a, an agonizing process that you went through. Were there a lot of like, It was extremely agonizing. It was terrible. And coming from the family that I come from, you know, my family's not religious in a way where it's like, you, you know, but we are religious, you know, so it was kind of like a thing where, damn, this is not what I saw me doing. You know, I felt bad or I questioned it and all of these things. But ultimately I came to the decision I came to with God and I was okay to move forward with it.


You know? And I, I'm very grateful for my son and what I have now. And the time that it took to get to this point. I can't say that I regret it. Did you share that information with the father at the time? I did. And how did he feel about it? If your, like you said, your body, your choice. Yeah. But it didn't seem like he was really excited about you. I Don't, I don't know. I don't know if he, I don't wanna say anything bad about this person.


So I'll just say that. Leave that there. Okay. I know. I know how to put it into words. Okay. You know, Polycystic ovarian syndrome causes acne, bad acne and puberty. Excessive pain. Why Would you say it like that? Causes acne? Bad acne. Extreme. Extreme body hair. Oh my gosh. Excess face hair. You know, you had a little mustache, goatee. Yes, it do. What I mean as a, I can just only imagine as a child and a young lady. Yeah, yeah. No, she Guys haven't active. Yeah, it's bad. But okay, guy, you a guy and you got extensive hair.


So what, you got a beard at 12? Yeah. But for a young lady, And some might even say it's in reverse 'cause at least I could put a little makeup on, you know what I'm saying? Like, you know, with guys, it's kind of just there. I mean shit, they could put makeup on too. Right. But I don't know if it's always the first thing that they turn to. The reality is acne is terrible. Like, it, it, and people always think, drink water, I'm sad of that Water. Don't do it for everybody. Right. You know what I mean? Right. Sometimes people got some shit going on. Right. And so for me it was like, this is hor, it's hormonal. Right. You know, I can't really control it. And I've tried many different things and I do say, you know, invest in a dermatologist. 'cause sometimes you do need medication. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like you do, you probably should talk about it. But what people don't realize and why I spoke out about it again, something personal that I want to share was only so it could benefit somebody else struggling with a difficult decision or confidence issue because it absolutely makes you feel bad.


I've had moments in my life where I woke up feeling good and then I see my skin and I'm like, oh my gosh, I need to go back into the bedroom. How am I gonna go on with this day? Right. And that sounds crazy and that sounds strange, but when you can control every aspect of your life, you know, we, we can, I can get up and I can go to the gym. I can do X, Y and Z or whatever. And even that's difficult. Like that's a whole nother conversation in itself as well. When you just feel like there's something in your life that you can't control. It is extraordinarily debilitating. It really is. And I don't know that people often think about that with acne. And I always make that joke where I'm like, if I could go into the doctor's, get me a fat ass, why can't I get me a clean skin? You know, it sucks. Like, I dunno why that's not something that could be easily changed. Right.


But it's not. Right. And it really is terrible love. But you know, a lot of people experience it. And I'm one of them. You said your son helped you with acne, so having a child. Yes, because so because of me, my acne is usually it's hormone induced. Right. When I had more, I think it was progesterone, it made my skin balance. 'cause I actually have a lot of testosterone. That's why I get the hair. So That's why you be trying, that's why you be trying to handle a thing. You be trying to handle a thing. Huh? I knew this was coming. Yeah. I knew that this was so, I Knew I knew it something, something just didn't sit right with my spirit. I knew you had to be in charge. You need a little bit of that sometimes, you know? So look, kick you and mentioned that, you know, like, man, they got all these other enhancements.


Why can't they have something to get rid of this acne? Is that the only type of plastic surgery you would consider any kind of female enhancement you would consider? Is that now you don't have to worry about that, but that was the only enhancement you would've considered? I mean, after the breastfeeding with my son, I mean, it was a horror show, but I'll be honest. I mean, I'm here for whatever people wanna do. I think personally I'm a little bit scared. Right. And frightened, I think, you know, it's one of those things where I think you probably have to maintain it. Right. You know, which could be tough right. On your pockets and your body. But I'm here for whatever people wanna do to make them feel good. Especially like I'm saying, like after you have a kid, your body changes. Right. For real. You know? So yeah. Whatever makes you feel good and like yourself.


How many before you had your son and it basically helped the, the, the acne go away. How many procedures or how many treatments had you gone through trying to deal with it? Oh My gosh, so many. The more severe of treatments I went through, medications, laser treatments, I mean, just really anything that you could think of it, it just didn't help. Severe diets. You know, I would go on extreme diets and I, I would get, I mean, one time I was just too thin. I was like, I don't even look like myself. You know what I mean? And it didn't even help skin. So it's just like I, I did everything under the sun. And that's why I tell people when you know somebody that's struggling with acne, careful what you say. Right. Because that person has probably tried mostly everything.


Right. There's not really much Right. Of anything that somebody could tell me that I ain't tried. Okay. And so I feel like I do wish that the conversation surrounds surrounding acne could change that sometimes when people are telling you about your, their troubles with acne, it doesn't mean I'm looking for you to fix it. It just means I want somebody to talk to about what I'm dealing with. Listen, you know? Right. Cardi B just had a baby, Shante and they already started working out. How soon after you gave birth to your son did you start back working out saying, I gotta get Kiki Kiki's body back. So I don't know if I was like, I gotta get Kiki's body back because I don't know how quickly that was gonna happen, but I did say, let me do something to get back to myself. My big thing was trying to get back to myself as best as I could because you just start feeling so different and not like yourself.


Right. It emotionally is a bit of a wreck. Right. So I remember like going on the treadmill, doing walks and stuff like that, but nothing too severe until maybe like, I don't know, maybe like two months after the baby then I started trying to like train and stuff Again. Some of that weight, I wish I kept it dwindled. Especially in the back. Did you, did you have any postpartum? I had tons of postpartum. I do feel like postpartum is something that people talk about as a period of time after you have the kid. But I think it's like lifelong really. And I think you get used to it because it's just kind of like really, again, it really wrecks you. I, I remember thinking at one point early on after I'd had my son, my mom was holding him.


I was like, let him go. Like, it was like, girl, that's your mama. Right. You know? But you're like so afraid of everything and so concerned. And I'm sure there's something like human about that or mammal like that derives from just science. Right. You know what I mean? But now we're in a different type of society and we're quote unquote civilized. And so what is in us innately it sometimes doesn't have a place, quote unquote here. Right. But you still have the feelings. And so for me, I think yeah, in your mind it all feels normal. It all feels real. But I think it's just like trying to figure out what real danger is and what's just your fear of motherhood is really, really difficult.


And it's something that you're constantly doing for the rest of your life. Kiki, when did Hollywood turn to these weight loss drugs? The Ozempic, tirzepatide or Magno? When did that happen? I feel like it's always been around. Really? They just, I think so. I think it's just got a new brand name. You know what I mean? I feel like people, you know, there, there, there are things out there that can assist you and help you. You know? So I feel like it's something that's common. I had never heard of it too Ozempic. But when I speak about it or I've heard about it or people having conversation about it, I think it's something that's Common. Well, I heard about it, but it's normally with people that, that actually needed it, that have a a, a actual diagnosis to be able to Take it now. Not the shade that you trying to throw. No, I ain't trying to to eat your own. Whatever you feel you need to do, take Off.


Yeah. I feel like that too. I feel like, look, honestly, I feel similarly about my skin as I do about weight. Right. And I don't think it's as simple as people think it is. I think people sometimes say, oh, just get up on the treadmill or just do. Yeah. Yeah. And I don't know, sometimes it really is not what you think it is. You know? And, and not to also say that you need to lose weight. I think whatever makes you feel good about you, You can't lose no weight. You disappear. I mean, you a buckle fire right now. Buck tears strong. I'm Howling You disappear. No time. I take that. Is it hard? Lemme ask you because we, we've been seeing this thing about the 50 50 men and women go, 50 50 women say, I ain't going nothing. You tried to quote me. You go a hundred percent or it's gonna be nothing Hilarious.


More times than not. Kiki, I mean, I, I look you, you've been pretty private with your dating life, but a lot of times, I mean now you've gone public with the guy that you had the child from, you make more money than him. How hard is it to date that you find it to date someone like yourself and a man that doesn't make as much or if not more than you? Is that hard? Yeah, I mean, I think I became a millionaire at 12. To expect everybody to have become a millionaire at 12 and learn money management and have a business manager at 12, to me just seems not realistic. Right. I started working 10, 15 years before most of my generation had their first job. Right. And this is like, most obviously some people different.


But no, I don't hold people to those standards. Okay. You know what I mean? Like, I feel like if I wanted somebody that made as much as me, this would be a date and not an interview. Okay. I feel like when it comes to guys our age, every now and then you might find somebody that's out there making it, making it, but most of the time they're gonna be my mom and dad. They went 50 50 all my life. Right. So when I hear some of the stuff that people are saying, you know what I'm saying about relationships and dating, I'm just kinda like, I don't know how that's gonna work, but maybe I'm tripping, But how about this? Maybe the guy that makes as much as you more than you, you're not interested in Or is not interested in me. True. You know, it goes both ways.


Yes. When you're basing things, I think off of just totally financial or totally off a good looks Right. Or totally off of whatever. Right. Your list becomes smaller and smaller and smaller. Correct. Yes. Yes. And, and I also think, hey, you should have boundaries and limits. You can't, you can't. There is a I'm too open. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You might find yourself with John Joe that live on the corner. Right. You know, so there has to be some leeway just as much as there has to be some twiddling it down. Right. But I don't necessarily agree with, you know, again, for everybody's lifestyle. Right. I don't need you to pay for everything for me. I actually prefer you to not to. I'll let, I'll let you know when I would I, when I would like for you to spend something, We go half on something, We can go half on something possibly, you know, but I feel really like there's so much more that I would be looking forward to bring to the table than just what's in your pockets.


I would look for you to provide things that I can't provide for myself.


Hello, I'm Shannon Sharp and I'm a role sponsor. Do you want hotter, more spontaneous sex? Rose Sparks can help sparks offer dual action prescription treatment that's given men stronger and harder. Erections. Rose Sparks works faster than other treatments because they're dissolved under the tongue and go directly to the bloodstream. Why does that matter? Because now when the mood is right, he'll be ready, nor will waiting for that pill to kick in. Plus, Rose Sparks stays active in your system for up to 36 hours. But when you get aroused, hey, whew. You get hard without waiting. With Rose Sparks, guys can get more confidence in band, more satisfaction for their partners and more control when it's sexy time. Ro connects guys with a medical provider a hundred percent online. There's no awkward conversation with an in-person. Doctor if approved treatment ships directly to the door. To, find out if prescription for Ro sparks are right for you. Connect with a provider@ro.co slash Nightcap url. That's ro.co/ Nightcap.


Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law, but are not FDA approved for full safety information, visit ro.co/info. I think the thing is for a man, looks are great, education is great body sex, whatever you, whatever the female brings to the table, woman brings to the table. Yeah. What about peace? Can you bring a man peace? Because at the end of the day, if you don't bring in no matter at some point in time, it'll get so chaotic. I mean, I, I'm gonna be real with you. That's what I want to do. It depends on the day of the week. I don't know if I bring somebody peace all the time, God, daddy, peace. You know? But I get, because who can come the hell on? Nobody is bringing, nobody is bringing.


Nobody know I'm being real. I'm somebody you could try. Okay. Okay. Okay. Because sometimes I might be too much. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But at least I have some business to head to. Yeah. You know, when I get on your nerves. Right. Okay. So I think, you know, I'm realistic with what I expect. Okay. From people. Yes. From men and women. Okay. People gonna get on your nerves. And I use my parents as an example. Right. You don't get to 30 plus years without getting on somebody's nerves. True. Without disapoint somebody. Yeah. Without heard somebody's feeling, without growing through something. Right. Forgiving, loving, having compassion, understanding, and arriving at the place where you could say, huh, I really love you. Right. Kiki, when you like, have a disagreement. I remember the therapist told me this, and this was like 30 years ago.


She said, Shannon, are you arguing to be right? Are you arguing for Right. I'm arguing with us against the problem, but I have argued to be Right. Ah, Come on. You done. Yeah. You can be right and lose a relationship Though. Yes, you can. You can. And that's how you've learned. Yes. Yes. Yes. That's how you've learned. I definitely argued to be right. But then I learned that, okay, wait a minute. And I talk about this in my book too, where we gonna get to, it's a conversation though. It's a conversation that you have with yourself, right. Where you're like, oh, wait a minute. In order to be a we, I have to really act like a we. But sometimes you found yourself in relationships where you're still acting like a me.


And then you have to ask yourself, do I even wanna be a we? That's a real Question these days. That is Absolutely. Do I really, and not even, I won't even say these days all the time, but I think that obviously we're in a different place financially where some, you know, back in the day women couldn't even stand on their own. But now that people, you know, can more, more often than not equally stand on their own, you are asking the question of do I want to consider someone else? And I 100% do believe there is autonomy in deciding to commit yourself. I was having this conversation with my home girl. We were talking about how like, you know what, girl, I think I actually have been quite non-committal. And, and lemme put it like this. A lot of people see non-committal and they think about guys they wanna have a bunch of options and dah dah, dah, dah.


Okay, well, no, I'm not non-committal in the sense where I wanted to have a bunch of options, but I knew that I did and I had no patience for anyone that didn't fit in this little tiny box that I created for them. Right. And that's when I realized for myself, oh my gosh. That is also a version of being non-committal. Because you're just not trying to commit to the realization that girl, somebody's gonna get on your nerves. Exactly. You know, If you just keep trading everybody out or you keep just moving on or you cutting yourself off, then you are never gonna get to what ultimately commitment is, which is really loving and caring for somebody, for being who they are. And all that comes with that. And you know, again, I think it's a choice. It's okay to not want that, but I don't think that in order to have that, you have to lose yourself.


Right. Because it's you that has decided to give yourself to that. Right. Right. But it's a lot that goes into it. Well, the quickest way, if you wanna To, find out if you wanna be a, we get into a disagreement with your partner. That's the surest and quickest way To. find out if you want to be me or you wanna be, we. What has been your experience with that? I'm not sure of, of all your, if if you've been married or if you are married. I have not. So you found, you feel like you never found nobody that you felt like you wanted to get past that argument with? No. Damn, that was quick. No, it wasn't that. No, I, I didn't, I I meant that like the only thing I've ever wanted to do was get my family out of the situation that we were in.


Mm. And I always said if I had kids, I didn't want 'em to spend one minute in a life that I had, let alone a day. And so I was so focused on that and sacrifice. I understood the greater the s the greater the goal, the greater the sacrifice needed to achieve that goal. And so I missed out. Yeah. I think one of my biggest regrets is that everything that I've accomplished professionally, it being football or doing it now that I really haven't had a whole lot of people to share it with. But you so handsome and still young and vibing. Why we, why is it over now? It ain't Over. I know That's right. Over it over, But, but I do get what you mean. It can feel like time has passed you By. Yes. Yeah.


It can. You know, but it hasn't. It hasn't, but it does. It does. It can feel like that. Okay. I still got hope. I i reading But of skin color is that a lot of times that when you were younger, you wish you were of lighter complexion. You know what, I talk about this also in my book, where I think that value systems in society, they can make you think you want something else when really all you want is to be value. Right. And so I think I noticed early on that there was this discrepancy idea with lighter skin and darker skin. Yes. I never looked in the mirror and didn't think I was beautiful, but what I hated was that other people thought I should feel less beautiful just because I wasn't a particular skin tone.


And I think we see this all the time with how people think that their bodies should be, or how people think that their face should be, or how people think that their hair should be. And some of that is, you know, just people wanting that. But then a lot of it is based on society's idea of what value is. So it's not really that you want the bigger butt or the smaller waist or the, you know, buckle fat removal or the lighter skin or the darker skin. It's really that you want be seen of value. And so I, I talk a lot about like being able to pull back those layers of what really is at the root of what any of us want. Right. It's really just to be accepted. Right. What do you, when people thought on social media, I saw what I was reading that they thought you were bleaching your skin. Yeah. I don't know why they thought that.


I was like, man, Kiki on that Sammy salsa. Ah, Now why did Sammy get clocked? He called my bad. He does so much to us, my man. Sammy, my bad. You did catch it straight. You did get straight. I'm howling. Yeah. No, I mean, I've never bleached my skin, so. Yeah. Okay. But what about, then there's the comparisons. You and Zendaya, there's a, I think she's even thinner to you and you, you you pretty thin. Kiki, you, you pretty thin. Yeah. I mean, I think comparisons that are things that people do, you know, specifically to women. And then unfortunately, definitely in our community, they do it based on complexion. You know, I remember again, I, I was talking about this in my book and I go into greater detail that it's one of those things for me where if you don't see how possible it is for you to achieve so much through me being the complexion that you think is not deserving or not succeeding with all that I succeeded, that's when it's tough.


Shesha that's when it's tough for me because I'm, do I do all these things and I'm representing us. Right. So then you should know that that's a lie. Right. That you can, and by the way, I'm not the only one. There's Oprah Winfrey, Viola Davis, Taraji p Henson, Angela Bassett, Kiki Palmer, Naomi Campbell, Megan go Megan. Good. I mean this is, we, the list goes on. And so I think it's fighting against those social constructs that tell our people that because you're this, you can't be that because you're, that you can't be this. And so, you know, it's kind of like a, lemme go back to the drawing board and see what I can cook up.


But it's one of those things where you can't really change people's perceptions No. Of what their life can be. Right. And if it means diminishing you to agree to the status quo that I've accepted so that I don't push myself further, then that's what I'm gonna do. But facts are the facts. Right. You shaved your head. Yes. Was that liberating? Were you like, I mean, what, what was, what was the, what was the thought process? How does, how does one go? I a young lady go through the process like, you know what? Yeah, I think that's gonna be a good idea. You know what, I'm about to shave my hair. I was so tired. I think of like, look, I've always been, I've always been to refinement.


You know, I've loved, you know, coming and being a little adult, you know, true Jackson vp. I love to be like, I've got a briefcase on the way and I'm gonna own someone's business. Right. I've always had that energy. But what happens in the industry, obviously when you are star or entertainer, people latch on and they love what they love to sell about you, what they love to commod most likely is a part of you. But then it, it, it all of a sudden feels like it's away from you. And I felt like as a kid that what was already naturally me became so commodified in a way that it felt, it felt like it was outta my control. And so I feel like as I grew up, I was trying to always figure out, okay, outside of what people are trying to control me to be and make me up to be and these managers and these people, and they're all trying to do what's really me.


And so then you explore, you try new outfits on, you try new hairdos, you try new attitude. You try a lot of different things, but who you are is always who you are. Yeah. Correct. And so even in shaving my head, it was a part of the journey of me rediscovering who I am on my old terms. And if I'm gonna commodify myself, I'm not going to lose myself. Wow. And that's what I found myself too. And so, yeah. I think cutting my hair was a form of me stepping away from all the chaos that people started putting on me and reestablishing. Yeah. This is me. You know, I can, I can wear my, my fro and nope. And I can come here and sit here with this fabulous wig on stiff wear.


Yeah. Yeah. You know, I can do it all. And I don't feel like one is better than the other. Right. Or I can only do one over the other. And I think sometimes when I was a kid, that was what was being pushed on me. Did you ever, were you afraid that man, damn, what if my hair don't grow back? I never thought of that. Thank God. That probably would've spooky, you know what I mean? That would've been spooky, spooky hoey. I just thought, girl cut it off and then it grew back even better. Okay. There was a comment. It wasn't a comment, it was you said it, I'm I'm gender fluid. What does that mean? So I didn't say I'm gender fluid. What I said that I am what people describe as gender fluid, even though I don't necessarily, oh wait a minute.


I thought you said gender identity. What, what are you talking about? Gender fluidity. Gender fluidity. Or you're talking about sexual fluidity. There's so much fluidities. Yeah. What what you Hey, So gender fluid. Oh, you sexually fluid. So Wendy Williams called me sexually fluid. What that mean? It means that you'll date me, you'll a Trisexual when you'll try anything. I mean, in so many words, that's what it means. That's when she called Me. Oh, that what she called you? Yes. Yes. She called me. Well she called me that because of my video. I don't belong. It was a long story. Okay. You know, but I was being open, I was being open to saying I love who loves me. And she took that as sexually fluid. Okay. Now gender fluidity or gender non-conforming.


I think I do fit that box in a lot of ways, even though I, my pronouns are she. Right. Yeah. But I, but to that, you know, when I won the Vanguard Award at the LGBTQ plus gala, I spoke about how as a woman so much, sometimes of the things that I am, I often did feel I wasn't allowed to be. Oh, okay. You know, it was kind of like what you had, you were making a joke. But, you know, with me having quote unquote high testosterone Yeah. Or showing up in the way that my father has always showed up. It actually is because I admire him so much. You know, I have had very, very strong male figures in my life. Yeah. That taught me to take no mess, to speak up for myself, to hold my head high, to own who I am, to go for what I want.


And sometimes people say that's only stuff that men can be. And so for me, going into the world, out of being in my family with my dad and his brothers, he's one of nine boys. All my uncles, my uncle Reggie used to have me climb on the walls and say, Getty, Kiki, my uncle would have me banging on the outside sta saying, Ali, boom Ali, you know, they encouraged me. Right. And so I think for me, and I think this is what anybody speaks of, they just wanna be able to be themselves. Right. And don't want all the society I did, you know, I'm a woman. Yes. You know what I mean? But the men in my life told me that I could also be strong. Correct. And I don't wanna feel like I'm wrong for that, or I can't be who I am for that.


You know, Listen, that you talk, you need a very, I don't know your situation, but I know you need a very, very, very strong man. You are a very, very, you are a very, very strong woman. Now what does that mean? Tell me, tell me what that means and describe that man. You need an alpha. You need an alpha. Alpha I'm talking about, and when he walks into room, he commands attention. He has everybody's under, under undivided attention when they look at him. That's a man's man. Now, wait a minute. What is it about me that gives that, what, what is it that I'm doing That gives that? 'cause I, I listen that you talk, I listen at the way you position your body. You are a very, very assertive, a very confident woman.


And you sense weakness. Very, very easy. And you don't like that. Wait a minute, what do you mean? I don't like that? And a man, you want a man to be a man because your father was a man and you hold your father in such high regards. Larry, I remember in that time period that I was telling you about when the people were trying to take me from my family. You talk about all the money I made, I said something very hurtful to my father.


I said, well, I'm the one making all the money. He said very calmly, there's a lot more that goes into leading a family than making some money. He didn't scream at me, he didn't berate me. He just said that and walked off. Larry has taught me everything that it means to be of service. What is sacrifice and reward? What is kindness and strength under pressure? And yes, that is everything I expect a man to be. There was an incident that happened and you spoke about the tray songs incident.


You don't have to get into it, but I would like come on hand. That was so deep. You ain't got to. But how important is it for women to speak up, to speak out? It's important. I know it's hard if somebody doesn't wanna speak out. I'm also not that person. Oppression. 'cause there's been other things that I've endured that I ain't spoke, spoke about, spoke about, put in the about No, I haven't put it in the book. Why? Why? Huh? I don't know how, I don't know what the reason would be to bring it up. Okay. Or what it would be to talk about.


And again, I'm very cautious of everything I say and everything I do because I don't like to be salacious. I like for everything I say to have a reason and a meaning. And with that video, it was hard to speak out about all of that because I didn't want people to think I was trying to just say like, he was trying to get at me. He wanted me. 'cause I don't think that's what it was about. It was just about power. Right. And sometimes people's sexual prowess is their power. Right. If I think you want me, then I can use that to get you to do what I want. I think it was simply that. Yeah. I just didn't, I didn't want him like that. I respected him. Right. I didn't see him that way. Right. And so that's why I went the way it went. And I just wanted to stand up for myself because I felt that I hadn't stood up for myself in the moment. Mm.


So when the video came out, that's what you saw. And so I think for anybody, you know, speak up when you feel that the time is right. But always get it out. Always tell somebody, speak it, talk it through. Figure out how to process what it is you went through that you experience. 'cause a lot of women, I'll be honest, a lot of women have been assaulted and don't even know. That's the weird nuances that it comes to when it, when it, when it comes to rape culture in our society, it's so embedded that a lot of people don't know when they're even being harassed or when someone did something inappropriate. But they just have all these feelings and then all of a sudden they start changing and they don't know how to act and they don't know what, why they're feeling the way they're feeling. So I think it's important to write down how you feel, talk to somebody, speak to somebody about it and get it out so that you can understand the experiences that you've had.


Whether you want to take 'em to court or not. You got a book Master of Me, the Secret to Controlling your narrative. The book comes out November 19th, 2024. What can people expect? Are we gonna get a different side of Kiki? What are we going to get from this book? Yeah. I mean, well it depends on how much you are into my work. If you're super into it, then you're gonna feel like this is the ki you know, that's continuing to evolve and develop and grow as a young woman. If you don't know me, then you're gonna get a lot of interesting things that you aren't privy to. But I'll be honest, this isn't, I'm not, I know I don't believe in sipping tea. That's bitter. I'm not a bitter person. You know what I mean? I'll share information if I feel that it's going to be useful for the next person.


But ultimately this is a book about self-mastery. Mm. About being able to show up for yourself in a better way that allows you to live in this world where we really can't control much. Where things are gonna go away that you didn't expect them to, that you can do everything that you thought in your mind was correct and things still may crumble. How do you survive from that. And on the other side of it, it's also about entrepreneurialism. It's about diversifying, right? A lot of people talk about me with Kiki. Keep a bag, Palmer. Okay. Well, this book is about how I was able to do that, how I'm able to work in corporate and as an independent contractor, and what the steps I took to get there. And knowing that, again, I'm not trying to change a system that's been around hundreds of years before me, no matter how, how flawed we all know it to be, right.


There can be some changes, but I'm not gonna allow myself to be distracted around with that. Like Tony Morrison said, who, I can't remember her exact quote, but sometimes racism and all that stuff, it can be a distraction to what you're really trying to do. Instead, I'm gonna focus my attention on who I am and mastering myself and showing up in the way best way that I can for me, so that I am not trapped in the same wheel that keeps on turning. Make sure you go grab a copy of Kiki's new book, master of Me, the Secret to Controlling Your Narrative. The one, the Only. Kiki Palmer. Thank you. Kiki. Good All my life and grinding all my life.


Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Won a slice. Got the roll of dice. The wo. All my life I've been grinding all my life. Yeah, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Won a slice. Got the roll D. The all my life. I've been grinding all my life.