
Please welcome aboard the Johnson family. The whole fame's here for the Disney cruise. So, You know, we came to play and listen, the adults are gonna have a ball. First. We're chilling in the Infinity pool onto massages at Census Spa, then gliding into Star Wars Hyperspace Lounge for a toast. We're even gonna kick back with Mickey on Disney's private aisle. That's how we get down, because Disney Cruise Line is where we came to play.


You know, you've gotta come back in you,


When you take the next step, you're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance, This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot Edu.


Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card Based on the February 2024 Nielsen Report.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. How hard is it to, to, like, if you are a kid star, obviously a lot of kid stars you wanna transition, but sometimes people only see you as that. Yeah. And it's so hard to get out of that role, and people only see you as that. Right, right, right. Yeah, it's no joke for me, I, I always felt a little scared that people wouldn't feel like I had been through anything, You know, because I do, even sometimes in my own like extended family, there's this like, man, your family was da da da and you lived here and you did the Disney thing. You ain't never been through anything. So I would, I would feel nervous that people wouldn't believe me Right. When I told my stories, You know, or that I wasn't, You know, cool enough or, or been through enough to be able to say anything at all.


But luckily my life did get real as I was making that transition. And I think I dealt a lot with real life things. Colorism and rejection and losing money and, and being on your own. And all of those things are real, right. The wherever you from, it don't matter. Going through that is real. And so I, I did feel more validation in being able to say anything because I, I had been through it, right? I had, and it was tough and scary, and I didn't know when it was gonna end. Right. You know, I don't know if you've heard this, but the Bernie Mac show star, Camille Winbush, she had to get on OnlyFans because she said the residuals from the show. It just wasn't enough to sustain moving forward as a kid, as a former kid actor.


I mean, that's something that you, I mean, obviously you have, you were able to transition and, and do other things. You can sing your, you full ledged or full-fledged star now. But how difficult is it for a kid to transition when they don't have, all of a sudden now they don't have that steady stream of income coming in as they transition into an adulthood? Yeah. The transition is, is no joke. I think because things slow down and, and you're trying to figure out where you fit in. Especially in a world where most of the opportunities are written for people who do not look like you, then things are significantly slower. I think for me, I was always going to just start a new career, You know?


Cool. And, and if I had to do that and may, and it would still be in the music category, but I don't know, like maybe more on the label side, maybe more on the artist development side, maybe on the vocal teaching side. Like, to me, I still wanted to be in that world if I had to transition and, and I wasn't gonna be in front anymore. Right. And maybe I wasn't gonna be singing the songs, maybe I'd be writing them. But I would have to figure out how to live with that because I still get one life. Right. So I can't live in despair the rest of my life. Yeah. That is crazy. And, and I do get that part about, You know, running out of money and not having residuals. You don't have any ownership Yes. When you're doing these, these roles and, and sometimes singing these songs. But I think for me, I, I was gonna figure out an another way and you would just have to start from ground zero.


But people start from ground zero all the time. It doesn't matter if you 16, it doesn't matter if you 36, You know, people pivot and, and Right. You just gotta live your life and keep Going. And a part of this, what I'm about to ask is, you kind of touched on, is like, kind of the advice that you would give someone as a child that's trying to pivot and go to that next, that next phase of their life. I would say depending on how much you, you popped off, you might be, You know, might be Straight on You might, you might be, all right. So figure out how to manage your money, right? So that it can grow for itself. But I think what I wish I would've done was to go to college and go that route. You know, do it on your computer and balance and, and then get a job and still do what you like.


And so you're funding your dream. And also if you wanna be in this field, create your own opportunity. Like I think of Issa Rae and Insecure, how she filmed that in her office on a camcorder, You know, or making my own songs and putting them on the internet, writing songs on live, You know, and there's so many different ways to get yourself out there that just don't run outta money while you're doing it. Work a job while you doing it. You know what I'm saying? Do your nine to five, what did that thing they say on TikTok and stuff, like my five to nine before my nine to five for the girl gonna be on, You know, fitness or working out shit. Is, is it, is it hard though? Like, you, like I should be a star and then not man, I don't be wanting to work because if I work, that means I'm not a star, but I'm a, I think I'm a star, so therefore I shouldn't have to work.


Yeah. And then you get it, you get it twisted. Yes. That, that is the most humbling part of that journey. When you, when you get to that point where you're like, okay, I might have to, well at least for me because I had felt like, dang, I had done so much and I climbed so high and I was almost there. And now what? Now they're gonna be like, aren't you that girl from Disney waiting my table? What You do? What you doing In here? You know? So working, I was thinking, I was like, maybe I'll put a wig on and just have a mask because I'll be like, I'm just a germophobe. Like I was really thinking that. Right. Because I, I didn't want my pride to be messed up. If somebody saw me. Yes. Like what would I say? I, I would lie, I would say, I don't know what you're talking about.


Really? Yes. You would say that's not you. Sometimes I do that now they'd be like, you Coach Jones. I'd be like, no, I'm Kiki Palmer. Sorry. I'd be tired sometimes I'd be tired. But yeah, that, that pride really would've had to be humbled down. Right. But the other choice to go home and I wasn't doing that. How tough is it to handle rejection? You don't get a part or things don't go your way to stay positive because this is, You know, we can all pivot, but when you've invested so much time, so much energy, so much of your life has been invested in this and then all of a sudden you're like, damn, I might just have to do that. Yeah. The rejection is, I mean, you have to grieve for what you thought was gonna happen.


And when dreams die, you must mourn for them. But I felt like at least I could live with knowing that I tried it and I went till the wheels fell off. I would have to just chalk it up to that. You know? I would've given it everything I had and then, You know, I wanna be happy. So I would figure out something else to do that, that You call your mom. I talk to my mom every day when I was unemployed. She, she Was, you would be mom phone bill. I girl. Well, I was, she was taking all of the sadness. But one thing I love about my mom is that she, she never ever made me feel like, yeah girl, you can't do this anymore.


Never was that said, it was always, you can pivot and be in this world. You can teach, you could go go back to go back to school for music, learn an instrument you could compose. It was, it was never, nah, I don't think you can do this anymore. You know, with all of my family, every one of them, You know, when somebody wouldn't pick up, I gotta call somebody else. My mom, dad, my siblings, everybody saw that, that tunnel of uncertainty, that was gears of my life, You know? And funding my own music videos and like, now you renting outta more money. But I wanted to make this song 'cause I believe in this song. Right. It's just, it's just really, really scary. Really, really scary. But I'm grateful for them. 'cause if not for them, I feel like I wouldn't have had enough, You know, strength to keep going.


Your mom has always been your biggest supporter, hadn't she? Absolutely. Yeah. That's your, that's your rock, that's your foundational piece. Yeah. I mean, No matter what, no matter what the good, the first person you call, no matter what. Yeah. I won $30 million in the lottery, mom, guess what? No, for real. My mom's gonna show me how to flip that. You tried to flip dirty. You got My mama is smart as hell. I'm like, girl, we all up. But yeah, no, my mom is, is definitely such a crucial piece that makes me who I am. And I think just like, just like I had said about the singing and, and, and that part, she wanted that so bad when she was raised, You know?


Right. To just feel like encouraged seen and, and and supported in whatever she wanted to be. And so I think that is where she, how to teach herself how to do that for us. Right. You know? 'cause like, like I had said about my dad, like, we don't know how to do these things if they weren't taught to us. Correct. But yeah, my mom has done a great job of working on herself and, and trying to be a more open and, and more less judgmental, You know, because I love my mama, but she's very religious, very Christian, very, You know what I'm saying? So sometimes I'm like, girl, don't watch that video. Yeah. Don't even, don't even listen to that song. Don't even listen to it. But yeah, she is definitely my safe place to land for sure. How much are you like your mom?


I mean, do people say girl, you definitely your mama child? Yes. I definitely get that. I'd be getting that. I sound like my mom. Of course. I look like my mom. My siblings say I'm just like my mom. But I don't know. I feel like me and my mom are very similar when it comes to work ethic and how we treat people and like what we want for ourselves. Great things and goals and whatnot like that. But yeah, me and my mom have different things. Like, like I said, my mom is very religiously rigid, so there's certain things I'm not, I know she's not even gonna wanna hear that in the car. One curse word, I gotta turn it off. Right. She's not trying to hear that. Like, certain things I like shows or whatever. Things like that. She'd be like, what is that? Right. You know? She's not into That. You took an eight year hiatus?


The hiatus took me. Oh, that wasn't by choice. Hell No. Would never ever do that. Okay. Unless I'm literally deciding to like, be pregnant or something. Okay. We talk about that a little later. But lemme ask you this. So eight years. That's a long time. That's a long time. Yeah. So, okay. One year go by, oh, this thing gonna happen. Oh, this thing about off that Was be party. And I was like, we in the club. What we checking shots. What's a shot? Another one. Two years. Two years years. I'm like, we still cute. And I'm sneaking into the club. I'm only 18, I'm in there three now. I'm like with the like, artists and celebrities. I'm like, whoa. I'm at they out. Period. It, but I'm also like, I deserve to be you. But I'm also like, okay, cool, cool, cool. Three years, year three, it starts to get a little less funny. Okay. A little Chuckle. Year four. Year four.


I'm concerned. I'm concerned. And I'm doing things that nobody's watching. Nobody cares. Oh, it's so embarrassing. I'm like, ew, I'm, I'm singing these covers on social media and like, my engagement is so low. And I remembered when it was so high and I'm, I'm doing movies where the budget was like 40 cents and it was, and hopefully nobody watches. I mean, it's okay. You know, it's part of my story. So they, You know, if you watch it, you watch it, that's great. But yeah, I'm doing these things that just weren't, weren't Weren't catching. They Weren't catching and they weren't what I wanted. Right. I they weren't what I thought I could have. Right. You know? Right. And so I'm just like confused, very confused.


And then I'm like also learning about love and learning about relationships and nobody taught me these things. Honestly. I, I really was in this bubble of music. This is what I want. This is all I focus on. I didn't even, I didn't even date until literally I was 18. That's what I I was about to ask you. So you come out to LA and you move out to LA in 17, that's gonna be very interesting. Like, you moved to LA on your own. I wonder what your parents were thinking like, oh no, what la Why you gotta move so far Away? Nah, that wasn't what they thought at all. Because I had been coming back and forth from LA since I was nine. So they, we all knew and associated LA with where you go to work in that field, You know. So it was kind of just like, that's what we know.


We know you're gonna do that. But of course, it, it's very, very hard. And I think, I think my mom, I think my mom and dad were kind of in this, this, I don't know, maybe they was a little naive to think, to think what was gonna happen. But I, but we all needed to be a little bit naive. You know? I didn't, I didn't wanna live in any possible negative reality to me. I was like, once I go there, it's up. That's what I thought. And I think that's what I had to think. That delusion kinda helped me to keep going. So, years 5, 6, 7, and eight. Why didn't you give up? Why didn't I, because I still had a little money in that bank because that rent check was still clearing.


And because I wanted it so bad, man, I wanted it so bad. And until I had to leave, I wasn't going to leave until I had to. I mean, I literally downgraded where I lived. I had roommates again. Oh. I like didn't have 'em. And then I, I had 'em and then I didn't. And then I got 'em again. And then, You know how y'all women are y'all? Well, actually it's very, very interesting story. So you Had guy roommates? Yeah. Did your mom know this? No. Oh, It wasn't all guys. First of all, it was two girls and two guys. I'm one of the girls.


Yeah. So we had this big place and everybody had like a room. And, and You know how I said I didn't want people to know like what I did. They, they were all white. Respectful. Respectful. Yeah. They didn't know me. Right. They didn't know me at all. But then I started to pop off again, like during the pandemic and like my clips would go viral. So they'd be like, is that you? And I'd be like, mm. Oh, Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I left shortly after that. But yeah. So I just kept prolonging it. Right. You know what I'm saying? I was doing the, I was doing whatever I needed to do to stay. I was in a, I also was just in a cloud of what's going on. I'm confused. I'm trying to numb this, but I'm not leaving. Right. It was really crazy times. I was in a crazy relationship and I was just like prolonging the inevitable is what I was thinking in my mind.


They say when we're at our lowest is when we find out the most about ourselves. What did Coco find out about ourself during this period? That money doesn't equal happiness. Oh Yeah. So I was in this relationship that basically it was kind of like a manipulation situation. Like, oh, you want your music video to do this? Oh, okay, well, da da da. Oh, okay. So what are we, like, what are we, You know, okay, yeah, I'll pay for that if you, You know, it was kind of like, it was kind of like me on a string because I Wanted to do things to quit, quote quo. You do things for me, I do things for you. Something very similar to that.


And I was like, You know what? Maybe this is what, maybe this is life. Like maybe this is the type of relationship that, You know, whatever, You know, you have money and you don't have happiness, whatever. And I just, it just crashed so bad that I was like, I would rather be broke than ever need anybody to do anything ever for me again. I'm out. I'm out. And I had to like literally uncut myself. 'cause there were so many strings in me tied to that person that I didn't even know were there that I didn't even know where there was. It was, it was just crazy. But when you are like, how did, how did you, how did you cut the cord? Because you kind of, kind of needed it.


I know, bro. It was so, it was so hard at the time. Didn't say you'll be back. Nah, he didn't say nothing like that. He was like, well, well your, your music video's not gonna be funded. Good luck with that. I'm about to call them right now and tell 'em I'm not paying for that. What? And I was like, okay. Okay. It was like everything kind of had to crumble. And it was so embarrassing at the time. 'cause like the producers I had worked with on this one song, they were like helping me film the video. And then they were like, why did he just call us and say something about that? And I'm like, okay, here's the truth. You know? And I was just telling them what, what was, what I was doing, what I, what I was in and, and kind of like where my life was at at that time.


And so, yeah, it was super humbling at that time. But that's what I learned. I was like, even if I ever get this money again, I'm gonna never, never equate it with happiness. With a healthy relationship, with a healthy mind. Hell no.


This is it. Your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen Report,


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through, it's true magic because we came to play Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


If I don't have it in myself, I don't need the money. How Did you find, how did you find yourself again? How did you pull yourself out of that Therapy at the time? So the one good thing about that relationship was that he used this therapist and I would hear they were what they were talking about. And I'm like, what? And then I was like, who do you let tell you about yourself? I want to talk to her. And I remember I had my first therapy session and I was, I was breaking down crying because I had never been asked some of the questions that she asked me. And from there I was like, okay, I'm kind of in this trap situation, but I'm about to tell you everything.


I don't know why. I just told her everything. I felt like she couldn't tell anyone else. And Theoretically she, I mean, no, literally. And, and I googled that. I was like, you can lose a license. I'm gonna trust you girl. But it's also the law, right? Yeah. So I just told her everything. And, and slowly by slowly I was rebuilt because I was such, such a low state, I felt so powerless. I felt so stuck. I felt like I was in these chains and I couldn't leave because I wanted this music stuff so bad. And I was just gonna do what it took, You know? And my freaking rent. And ugh, it was just so bad. It was so bad. I was so unhappy.


But yeah, she helped me rebuild myself. And, and also to, to shed these, these limiting beliefs. This is what I gotta do. Like, I would, I would say, this is what I gotta do. You think I wanna do this? You think I wanna sing that? You think I wanna do that? And so she'd be like, but why says who? And I literally couldn't answer. So, yeah. Yeah. Rebuilding slowly. When you saw the viral tweet asking what happened to Coco Jones, how did that make you feel? Like co I'm right here. It was so embarrassed. I was so embarrassed at that time that I felt like I just kept getting hit, hit with, hit with embarrassment. And I remember that, that it made me really upset.


I called my mom and I was like, this is what they're saying about me. I cannot believe this is what the world thinks about me. I'm a has been, I'm not even freaking 20 something. Wow. How Now? Now what? And I remember my mom said, what do you got to lose? Like literally you're unemployed. So she was like, just tell 'em what happened. My mom not knowing how social media works at all. She like, just tell Them. I'm like, it's not my home girl down the street. This is the internet. She's like, well, tell them, tell the internet. And I ended up, that was my first time ever saying anything that didn't have to do with music, that wasn't polished, that wasn't, You know. Yeah. 'cause you would lie. I would lie on what I said. You wouldn't live. Oh, I thought you said you would lie. No, no, no. You wouldn't lie. No, no. You didn't. Prerecord. It's like it, so it's almost like, it's kind of hard.


I know. And I was so scared because I was like, Ooh, I don't wanna be blackball. I don't know how this works to tell the truth. Right. I had never done anything like that. I was just like, if it ain't cute, you don't say it. Right. So, but honestly, so much came from that. So much of, 'cause You know what's crazy, right? My homegirls would be like, you need to tell, you need to talk more. Like, your personality is so something so, so. Right. And I'd be like, girl, ain't nobody trying to hear me talk. I just need to sing. So it was just so validating. And it opened a lot of doors. The, the sound that I had in the video went viral on TikTok. And then I was like, what's TikTok? And then I started doing shit on TikTok and then that popped off too. Was it a situation that you felt free after that? Because you mentioned about these chains, you mentioned about these strings, you rich about like being in bondage.


And it felt like, and it seems like to me, and I'm just outside looking in, I'm not your therapist, but once you did that, you felt like you were free. I think what really made me free was what my therapist had said to me this one time. I was telling her what I can and can't do as a dark-skinned black girl. And I'm like, they don't let you do that. Like, you, you can't do that. Mm. Or like, nah, that's just not, that's not realistic for me. And she was like, is this really the world you're gonna live in? Like this world where you have all these limitations, you didn't choose? Like, is this really what you're gonna do? Because like, why wouldn't you just create your own world? Like, who said that? What rule is that? Where is that written? And it made me be like, I literally don't know.


I really only act the way the world has taught me I should and shouldn't act. And that to me was kind of that shift that made me, I, I would think made my life change. And, and then of course telling that video and then that video and seeing people like my personality. Right. I was like, okay, so this is, this is during the pandemic. I'm like, maybe they don't want me to sing anymore. Okay, I'll, I'll tell stories. So I started telling these stories on the internet. I was like, I would've just pressed record. And afterwards I'd be like, what am I doing? I just told stories on the internet, but it was working at the time. Right. My engagement was back up. Then I'd throw a little song in there and, and then the TikTok thing happened and I started doing the covers on TikTok that were like the, if I was on this song Right. I would do my version of that.


And, and slowly it just pivoted. And then I, I got acting management who had saw the video and they were like, we wanna work with you. And I was like, okay. I haven't had a acting job in like a year and a half, but Sure. Yeah. He was like, I just like your personality and yeah, it just, Do y'all pay, Do do the acting management. That's what, no, that's what I thought you would've asked. Y'all pay for this gig. Okay. Yeah. Oh, It doesn't work like that. They get commissioned. They not paying for nothing. You do. Oh, I think, let me, I find out I'm tripping. But lemme ask you this. Why do you think TV executives believe that darkest complected women aren't marketable? Aren't? Well, I think it's changing now. Okay. I don't think that is exactly the truth. I think you just have to show people that things work.


But honestly, truly, I think our community has done a poor job at times of supporting our own work. And so we have, if we're looking at just the numbers, if I'm an executive and I'm unbiased 'cause I don't care. I just want the money. Yeah. I see green. Yeah. I'm just looking at the green, like, which way are you going? Where the people show up or where the people be like, $18 for a ticket, girl, bye. You know what I'm saying? Yes. So I do think as a community we had to do a better, we have to do a better job of supporting our own stuff. But I also feel like it's a matter of not knowing, not knowing what it's like over there. Right. You know, you're in this position and you're this exec. You don't know what that's like until you get somebody like Shonda Rhimes or Issa Rae who's like, this is what it's like, let me show you the script.


It's really good. Right. And You know what I'm, and it's funny and you're like, oh, what a different way of life. You know? And, and kind of introducing people to the world of being black in, in different facets. I don't think it's necessarily that they don't think that, that we're marketable. I think they don't think Right. Of us until somebody forces that into their heads. You know? And until we as community force that, that money, that revenue into our own world. Right. You know? But I definitely think it's getting better from when I was a kid. Yes. To me now watching these shows and so many different platforms, Hulu, apple tv, You know. Yeah. There's so many. Yes. Yes. So there's so many more opportunities. Right. It's just the best show wins at this point. Honestly. It's the, it's whatever can grab attention.


Attention is currency now. It's not this look and duh, it's whoever can grab attention. Why do you feel you haven't come? Or do you feel the the need to to succumb to societal pressures and change anything? Plastic surgery, BBL l bigger? Have I felt that? No, I wouldn't say that I've felt like that. I, honestly, if anything when I was younger, wanted to be like shorter, I felt like all the guys, I'm, I mean like, I'm not talking that young a couple years ago. Right. I felt like all the, the guy actors were shorter than me and I'm like, well they're not finna choose me 'cause I'm taller than him.


Right. You know, that was the one of the only things I could think that I really wanted to change about myself. But for the most part, nah. I come from an athletic family. So yeah. Whatever you want to see in your, in your body that's like you, I was taught go work out. Work out. Yeah. Like go do it. You know? And that's kind of, that's what I like working out and, and feeling strong. That's what I like on my body. So no S Csor recently came out and said she regretted getting a BBL l Have you talked to anybody in the industry that has regretted any kind of, because I think now the thing in the, in TV industry or the Hollywood movie industry is like this old, this weight loss drug, the ozempic, tirzepatide semaglutide that, things like that.


Yeah. Have you, have you talked to anyone that regret? Like, whatever you do, don't do this? No. The girls that I talk to, they be like, girl, Do that. Look, I dunno about nothing but that is eating right up. I'll be like, lemme feel that. That's nice. No, I will say though, I do feel like the, the, I have had some girls who do like the quick trying to lose weight. Yeah. All the like, maybe you gotta shoot coming up and you try to do something. But that is the only thing where I feel like it's like, yeah, I just poisoned myself for no reason. But yeah, no, none of the girls that I'm met really regret that. I think you gotta be careful though because everything's a trend. So it's here today, gone tomorrow. But they be looking good.


I mean, Janet Jackson reposted one of your videos. SLE hit you up after. I mean, what did that did Janet Jackson. Now obviously Janet was Beyonce before Beyonce Yeah. And so forth. The song she was, she was the it. Mm. And for her to repost it or just have scissor, You know, reach out, I mean what, how does that make cocoa feel? How did that make Coco feel to know Janet Jackson repost it of your video? I think it's very rewarding, You know, because for such a long time nobody cared. So to have people care, first of all is a blessing and, and and crucial to success. Right. But then to also have, You know, people you look up to and respect in your field to come in, what you're doing is, it's kind of like this sigh of relief.


Like, oh, maybe I am doing something really good. If they think that then, then maybe I am doing something really good. But honestly, I think for me, I feel like it's, it's always been me who's gotta be proud of what I'm doing. Okay. Even when I, even when nobody cared and it was embarrassing, I still knew I ate that. I still knew I ate that and I'm like, I don't know what's not, what's not clicking for y'all. Right. But damn, I got something over here. Do you believe you got the role of Hailey Ba Hillary Hailey, Hillary. So how, how was that audition? Tell, tell me about that audition. So that was around the time where I had just started getting relevant. Okay. In the world in any capacity. And I had this fan base now that was like, we support you.


Okay. We didn't know you were going through this. We support you. Okay. Anyway, I didn't know you cared. Thank you. So I get this acting management and they're like, we just like your personality. We wanna work with you. I was like, okay, I haven't been employed in a year and a half, but okay. And so around that time they were like, there's this audition, there's this opportunity going around this show Bel Air, and we think you should audition for Hillary. And I was like, y'all, what do I look like trying to audition for this light skinned girl? I'm sorry. I was like, I told you guys, it's been a year and a half since I've had a job and yeah. Y'all gonna make me do this? Yeah. Like, You know, and I was like, what if I read for Ashley? She was dark. See they were like, Ashley's 12 in this. Get your on tape for Hillary. And so it was, I was very reluctant. And this was still when I was working on myself until my mental was not really good.


And so I was basically expecting rejection. So I kind of did it in this, I don't really care. I'm doing this and I don't really care. But it kind of worked. Right. You know? And so I ended up getting on the phone with the director right after my audition, which I thought was just okay. 'cause in my back of my mind, I wasn't really there. Right. I was like, let's get this along so you can tell me no so we can move on. Thanks. And he kind of talks about how he had looked me up and how he knew me and how he wanted me to just really be myself. And I had never had anyone with any position of power tell me to do that. And so I, I was like, okay, great. I'm gonna do this next audition and now I'm really excited. Now my heart's in it. You know, you normally you keep your guard up.


And then he was like, actually we're just gonna call you. We'll we'll tell you Whether you or not. You got it. So they were basing it off my first audition where I didn't really expect anything and I was expecting rejection. And I was like, oh, well I'm not gonna get this. Okay. But they ended up calling me and telling me that I did get the role and I was so, so happy because I needed that money for Real. Real was about to be do again. Huh? Man. What? I was like, I'll sign anything. No, but it did work out. It did work out. And we're on, we're about to film our fourth and final season. So it's a blessing to think. That was four years ago where I was like, hell Yes. Did you think, think about this. You said you went in there and you're like, Hey, I'm just gonna read.


I don't care if I get it or not. As opposed to the other roles that you were actually trying to get. Do you feel like you relaxed and you allowed the best coco to come out? No. No. I am my best when I am prepared, when I do my research, when I'm ready, right. Then I can just get out of my head and just execute. But You said you like, I, I don't thought of what you wanted to do this other role, but the other role was too young. And then you like, I'm just gonna do this. And that's like, I Don't know, it was truly just my time. It was truly just my time. Because when I look back at it, I could see the vision, but I can see myself and I know what I was thinking in my own head. So I'm like, I don't believe her.


But people who don't know what's in my head, they, they could get it. You came up with believable, You know? Yeah. But no, I'm my best when I'm prepared. Okay. When I've practiced. When I've rehearsed it, then I can just go eat it up. Right. What's some of the best advice you've received since you've been in the industry? What's some of the best advice? Who's given you some of the best advice that you'd like? Okay. This has really helped me. You know what, SZA had her said something. 'cause I remember I had done this cover of Love galore and this was years ago. Okay. And I had, she had hit me about it or maybe it was hit different, I don't know. She had hit me about it. 'cause You know, a lot of her fans were sending it to her. And I asked her, how did you get there? And she kind of said like, be delusional in a way.


Like, and honestly, truly, I do feel like you have to be a little bit delusional. Yeah. Because you're trying to do something that nobody has done. Especially the people around you. The people closest to you, especially People You know. Yeah. You know what I'm Saying? Yes. So you have to like be delusional and unless you have that support in somebody who believes in the vision with you, you on your own with it. Right. It's you on God. Right. So yeah. I think that actually has helped me so much to walk in rooms with my head held high, to sing certain things, to try different, You know, things creatively is like delusion.


This is it. Your moment, this is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers. Working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen Report,


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic because we came to play Bring the Magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


Is there a scene that you won't do? Is there anything that you won't do? I don't know about, You know, intimacy on screen. Yeah. Or being naked on screen. Is there's something that coco like nah. That that ain't your, that ain't your girl. Yeah. I feel like honestly, truly a lot of the intimacy scenes are super choreography. They're 5, 6, 7, 8, 1, 2, 3, 4. Do it again. And you just get into this little habit. To me it's like Mom watching My mama know not to protect. She's learned the hard part. She gotta protect herself. But I think for me, I don't want it to ever lean too porn vibe. Right. You know? Yeah. Like if it's a tasteful moment, like I always say the notebook, okay.


That was obviously them having sex, but it was so tasteful and the storyline was so good and I was just like, I respect this. You know? That's What you got outta that tasteful? Yes. Okay. What'd you get out of it That isn't tasteful? It was tasteful. You don't Even know what I'm talking about. We Need come back Up to all years. And he built that house For her. He built that House. Nah. But yeah, I think that would have to be the world that it's in it. Because sometimes I'm like, what now? Why is this scene here? Right. I'm writing the script and I'm like, what does this have to do with anything? Did this make me like the characters more at all? Yeah. Or are they just wanting some views because I'm not doing it that way. Right. It would have to be tasteful. Have you ever turned down a role because it felt made you feel uncomfortable? Yeah. I have turned down roles where I didn't wanna be depicted in that light.


You know? Okay. And sometimes most of them, like if you get an audition and it's something crazy, they say that at the beginning before you even read for it will require, an nudity will require this, da da da da da. And You, you ain't getting nude on camera. And it depends. It depends. I'm not gonna do like, okay. So I feel like if it's like a silhouette and you can see that it's obviously in my body, but I don't want it to give. Like, you don't Want, you can look Up Coco Jones boobs on porn up. Hell No. You don't get that. You know what I'm saying? You don't, not getting that cropped out Uhuh. That's not my vibe. That's not my vibe. Are you gonna play Teia? Ah man. I love the Prince Santa Frog. You do? I did. I saw it. I love it. Oh really? I Did You watch it with your kids or something?


Or just for The passion? No, I, I was by myself. Okay. I, I used to go to a lot of animated and I know people looking around like, and they probably thinking if I wasn't who I was, they probably think I was a perv because I've been there with a, with everybody, their parents and with their kids do A little side eye. But You know, whatever your passions are, your passions. I would definitely pass with my large popcorn and be like, Lord bless them. Lord bless them Lord. Guide him on his way. But You know what, I love animation too. Yes. I love, I think they're so cute. Those characters And The way they like, they like emote is so cool to me. I do love animation. It's one of my favorite like types of movie. But yes, people ask me, am I gonna play Princess Siana and y'all come on. I don't know.


I don't know what's in the cards. Like even if I was sitting right now knowing that I just filmed it, I wouldn't be able to say that. True. Those non-disclosures beat tight. They do like my therapist. So no, I don't know. I wouldn't, I wouldn't, I wouldn't be opposed of course. I think it would be like an honor to one day have like a film like that and my daughter watched me as a princess. Yeah. It'll be amazing. But I don't know. I don't know how that's working. I don't know what they got going on over there, but they know where to go to find me. They got my number and my mama number. Okay. Lemme ask you this. I see you in a new movie. Kountry Wayne, Loretta, dev Divine, Tabitha Brown, miss Pat. Yeah. I have Miss Pat on. I had, I seen some of them clips. Lord have Mercy.


I had Tabitha also. Kountry Wayne has also been on. Oh yes. I saw Country Waynes too. Actually when I was on set, that's when I watched this. 'cause he was telling me his story. I was like, what? And yeah, I went and watched his episode with you. So good. What, what, what have they like on set? What was that set like? They're all different personalities. Loretta is like this respectful legend, tasteful Kountry Wayne. You know, he is that that swag that that voice. And he's super chill. But he's a very hard worker. Yes. Very hard worker. Ms. Pat is, You know, she's Hilarious. Ms. Pat is a wonderful, she Is. She's a little bit so funny. But I think we all did a really good job of like making it feel very authentic and You know, adding our 2 cents to things. Right. I feel like it's kind of one of those movies where like you hope that it could have that black culture stamp effect, You know?


Right. So everybody was contributing in their different ways too. Right. You know, hopefully get that outcome. Have you ever had a mistaken identity? They look like o Are you Gabrielle Union? Are you Jennifer Hudson? Yes, absolutely. Yes. I, Gabrielle Union. Jennifer Hudson. Do you say yes? It depends on how I'm, it depends on how I'm feeling that day. But sometimes I, more than likely I'll do this thing where I'm like, people be like, oh my God, you look like Coco Jones. And I'll be like, who is that? Because I wanna see what they say. Right. And nobody said anything bad yet, so that's good. Right. But then I'll tell them, yeah, I am. Right. But yeah, of course You got a new song. Yeah. Taste. Can I hear it? Can you hear it? Yeah. Yeah. How, how could that go? Oh, I got my phone right here. Yeah. I'm like, let me see.


No, I Think you meant just like sing a little. Oh, you got little clips. I thought you wanted me playing. Made it. Okay. So yeah. So taste, I'm really excited. It's, You know, of course me with my rrb vocals, but then I'm also sampling Britney Spears Toxic. Yeah. And it's really dope. So you want me to sing some of it? Look, you hear a little sample of it. I'm like, should I sing the, the Britney part? A taste gets me in places I'm chasing. I can't erase it. Taste me boy. And I'll taste you. That's a way I feel when I'm slipping under. And then it goes into the right ta your lip. So I'm on Right. It's really dope. I'm excited man. Oh, it's out now. Yeah.


I gotta pretend that it's out out. You said you was in a toxic relationship. Yeah. The guy he was controlling like you, like okay you do, Hey, you don't do this like that video. I don't know rent. It ain't looking good this month. Yeah, I did have my little face of that. I did have my little face of that. I think it's kind of something you have to go through to, You know, character develop and learn what you do and don't like. But I mean, I, he wasn't the only toxic one. I will say that I was also, You talked too About my ways. I had my ways. I was Mm. I feel like everybody was. Mm. And so you get healed and they're like, I just wanna love authentically, You know? Yeah. I have my fair share of moments.


What is this, what is this, this rumor that was going on about you and Donovan Mitchell? What, What rumor? I mean, y'all showed up at the car. I mean, you said it wasn't nothing but it's, I think it's odd holding hands. Dressed in, dressed alike. Going to a concert. I'm just, I I it could have been innocent Yo holding. But normally most people don't show up at the concert. Holding hands. Dressed alike. Dressed alike. That's hilarious. You know what, I love the internet 'cause they definitely clock my tea. I love that. You know, that's a little spies everywhere. I feel like I'm in like a detective movie. But You know what? I'm happy. And I will say my music is the outlet that I used to tell most of my, my stories and my truth and and some things.


I keep everybody out 'cause yes, this is my life too. But yeah, I say some things and you can hear it in my album. Can I ask you this? Hmm. Dating. Are you a public? I mean obviously you a public figure. Yeah. But are you private? Because a lot of times, 'cause a lot of times, You know, you people, they date, they, they, they, they're, they're a public figures and they, they date, they do everything publicly. But do you like having privacy? Do you like having some anonymity? Like some secrecy to Coco? I think secrecy is not what I, what I prefer. I don't want to ever feel like I have to be somebody's secret. I want, I don't wanna make anybody feel like they're mine. I think for me, I'm trying to protect myself. Right. And I'm trying to protect, You know, my family and whoever I love. And so, yeah.


I am more private also. I just feel like I give so much. Right. I work so hard and I will always do my part on the business side, on the cocoa side, on the singing side. On the acting side. So why do I also have to give y'all, You know, something that is sacred to me when I give so much on that side, You know? Yeah. I just feel like it has to be balanced. Otherwise it's not fair. Then when is it, when what do I get from me? Right. You know? How is the day dating a celebrity? Because you're a celebrity obviously if you date somebody, could you, lemme ask you this before we get to that part. Could you date someone that's not a celebrity? Yeah, absolutely. I think for me, I don't really like the celebrity lifestyle myself.


So to be with somebody that was more normal would never have been, You know, like an issue to me has never been like an issue to me. I think for me what's always been important is okay. Yeah. You do your big one there. I do my big one there. Whatever field, public, not public, whatever. Right. But I wanna feel seen and heard as Courtney. I don't wanna feel like there's any other motive to being with me if I walk away from all of that. Are you cool with that? You know, I don't wanna feel like I have to be on, 'cause I have one job. Right. And so I wanna feel seen and and understood. And I wanna feel like, You know, I'm with somebody else who's normal as well and we, and we just happen to do whatever our fields are.


So that's always been what's important to me. Not whether you're relevant or not. What's the best place to take cocoa on a first date? The best place to take me on a first date. I'm gonna be asking a lot of questions. So quiet And well def can't be the movies because you Uhuh step up milk. I would never wanna sit, sit by a complete Stranger. Okay. Dinner. I would say dinner. Okay. I think it would be dinner. 'cause one I do like me a good food and a good meal and a good glass wine. Okay. But also it's, it's Gonna be small, quiet ambience. Yeah. Nice quiet, dimly lit. Yeah. I love candles too. I like a good, So it's like more one on one.


Everybody ain't in your business. Like is that Go, Go. Yeah. No, for sure. For sure. I definitely like to be secluded and to also, I don't want it to be like a group thing. Right. I wanna see who you are. Bye. So One-on-one, you don want no double date? No What for a first date? Yeah. Uhuh. I'm not trying to deal with that because then also if I bring my homegirl and she dating somebody, now I gotta hear him to clock his tea and it's too much going on. I can't be inspector guided It just the one just focus. Just focus 1 0 1. Yeah. Okay. I lemme ask you this. 50 50. Where are you on the 50 50 relationship? It's always interesting to hear. We had Cheryl and Cheryl was like, man is the head of the house. I don't care who I am, I don't care what I make.


He's the head of the house. Breadwinner. No breadwinner, man. Head of the house. It's interesting to hear women younger, this, I guess y'all millennials, maybe y'all Gen ZI don't whatever y'all, but where are you on this? So my opinion to me is that I feel like women have it harder. Hormonally. I mean in the world, in all the ways. Okay. And so a man will never feel internally what I feel. You know, they're just living their life like it's golden. Love that for you. Yeah. So to me I feel like it could never really be equal.


'cause we both ain't going through the same challenges. Take the job out of it, You know? Yeah. So for me, I don't, I don't know, I think there would have to be some compensation on both things. I also feel like who's taking care of the house? If everybody's going to work. Like what are the choice? I feel like it may not be completely equal when it comes to the finances. Finances, wherever that yin and yang needs to come in. Like I don't wanna feel like I have to work and clean and cook and be hot and wanna be sexy. Like, come on now. Yeah. Like what's going on? That's just not fair. Right. Maybe in a numbers way we're splitting things, but I'm going through a lot right on the side. So I feel like there needs to be some, some compensation in that Way. You okay with the man being the head of the house? Yeah.


I do feel like that is my tea because I do come from like a very southern and very traditional and that's what I saw. And I think for me, I don't wanna, I don't wanna have to do that. There's too many on this side in my own career. There's too many questions, too many decisions, too much brain power going to that that I don't wanna also have to do that for a family. Right. No thanks. No, thanks. That that's on you, sir. Right? That's on you. Lemme Ask, have you ever introduced one of your boyfriends to your dad? Not, not. No. No, no, no. Well, not not. What is, what am I saying, Courtney?


Not commonly and not often. Only as I have gotten older and like it's only it. It hasn't been a lot. Right. It could never be Are, do they, when you say, though, I want you to, I want you to meet my dad. Do they get nervous? 'cause I'm pretty sure they probably Googled your dad. Yeah. I don't think, I wouldn't say it's a thing of nervous 'cause I'm probably picking somebody who has a lot of confidence Okay. In themselves. 'cause I have a lot of confidence in myself too. So, well you picking him, huh? Huh? Yeah. He think he, he, he think he chose you, but you chose him. What? Okay. I'm just, I'm just, I just wanna throw that out There. Us one win. No, I'm not. But yeah, so no, I don't think that they would get scared or anything.


And also I feel like, I feel like my, my choices hold enough respect that if my family happens to meet anybody I'm dating, they're probably like, whoa. What? Who are you? You gotta be good. Yes. Because I just don't, I just don't bring anybody around. Right. Because it is just not that serious to me. We gonna wrap up on this. What new album out? What do you wanna Promote? Yes. Okay. So Taste, my Single is out my video, I'm super excited. And my debut album, it's called Why Not More? And it comes out on April 25th. I'm so excited. Taste is the song, the album. Why Not More? Miss Cocoa Jones here Is Thank You Chase. Thank you. Thank you. All my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle.


Paid the price. Wanna slice? Got the roll D the squat. All my life. I grinding all my life. All my life. Grinding all my life.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with All State savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Please welcome aboard the Johnson Family. The whole fans here for the Disney crew. So You know, we came to play and listen, the adults are gonna have a ball. First. We're chilling in the Infinity pool onto massages at Census Spa, then gliding into Star Wars Hyperspace Lounge for a toast. We're even gonna kick back with Mickey on Disney's private Island. That's how we get down. 'cause Disney Cruise Line is where we came to play.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the oh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.