
Man, listen. Traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staring the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah. Traveling sometimes when they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, spots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier for sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified. Ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man. It was perfect. Out to Airbnb, how you feel about the tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great.


This is what you do when you're love of the sneaker game. Had you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, score all your once in a blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic streetwear. The experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you can wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Bran, and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume.


You wanna know what the best thing about being a sports fan is. There's only two days in the entire year that we don't have any games in any sport. So with all that action in the sports world that just makes about every day game day at DraftKings Sports book, if you knew to DraftKings listen up, you can bet $5 and get $150 in bonus bets instantly. All you gotta do is download the Draftking Sports book app now and use Promo Code Club five 20. That's Code Club five 20 for new customers. All you gotta do is bet $5 for $150 in bonus bets. Only on Draft King Sports book. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and W at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs.


All right, we back another episode of Club five 20 Live from Resort World and Las Vegas, Nevada. You know what it is? It's a crossover episode. It's like when your badass cousins get together on Thanksgiving and take that walk, walk before the meal come out. You know what it is. Special guest to my left, to my far left my dog Bishop B hint out the prayer least how you what? Nasty. Cool, nasty. Let's get to it baby. Nah, I gotta tell a a Dre, you know what I'm saying? Some things have changed his life. See he got the new hint changed. See he started off with the goal was happening but he done elevated. Now my boy out hear shining baby. I ain't saying that. CL Clark five 20 doing really well. Right. It ain't your turn to talk. You know, hold on, you gotta order I a question.


Can I add me to the show? I need some of that money too man. Come on Part of that. Can I be amazed? Show man. I actually forgot your, your shoes. The black Black. You ended the season How I thought you was so that's my fuck up. You know I didn't know my timing was messed up. We got a rough morning. I came prepared for them. Yeah, that's yeah that's the after the game. But let's, you know, let's get to it. These shade we can for sure, for sure. Talking about right. My dog Young nacho young Tig. How you up man? Man, I'm chilling bro. Chilling. Glad we got family back in the building.


You know he said he gonna be our distance cousin on the podcast so it's all good. Come on man. You know what it is to my left special guest return. We don't have some people a block on five 20 but his family always can slide on us. Four time, four time champ. You know what it is, Dre Mont Green, big DI appreciate you pulling back up on this homie. Absolutely man. I appreciate y'all having me. First time was too short. We was just getting into the rhythm so I appreciate y'all having me back on. I've been looking forward to it. I watch all the shows. Y'all relax on me today. Nah, cool. We today what we gotta talk about. Okay, so you gone the Black forces is done? Nah, white laces with the Js? No. No. Okay. New chain. New, new. Nah this is, you feel me?


I that I that five I at 20 months ain't force no more. Five. No, like we're going somewhere after this. So I had to just put on a little day outfit. Respect. I liked it. A little day outfit and body powder for the three ball's. A little hot out here. You got your rag? Yes. It's solely right bro. It's right. My boy carry around the soldier rag just in case it get iffy. Sure. Oh that's how Mike need to bring out our drinks. Get Mike mother fucking a crawled sweater. Hey, we in Vegas, we gotta bring this up Mike, I love you but I got do this. We, you know what I'm saying? We had a good time.


We was out together. Me and t you know what I'm saying? A couple other people. Yeah. Now we had one last round of drinks, right? Yeah. Could you please tell the people what we, what we was provided to us as a beverage from Freaky Mike himself. Freaky Mike bro. He ordered us lemon drop with sugar on the rim. Whoa. I said I I I ain't know what was going on. Whoa. You don't got no mic today. I know you can't defend yourself so I know, but I don't know what's going on. So I, I'm drinking a drink. My wife with me so I'm like this maybe she ordered this, you know what I mean? Like yo, here you go, your drink. And Mike's like, no, that's for y'all. Wow. I did not say that. What you do? I handled. Oh, oh. I said I Needed three shots of the, and she said you want drink some shots?


I said I the shots and she handed me that it was 33 a piece. He counting him. Yeah. You, you out pocket here July 12th, not June 12th. You paid, you paid $33 a drink for some lemon drop with sugar on the rim, sugar on the rim bro. He made his wife crazy. I'm telling, I'm telling Sierra I ain't wondering it. But I had to take homie to home court. It was a major violation. I didn't know what was going on. We was in a club toasting up the, we was out of pocket. We out as a conglomerate. Five 20. We what's worse that we drunk it. We accepted, we accepted outta situation.


You outta pocket saying it ain't you. Welcome to the show man. This is crazy man. This is where you can put your sponsorship right here. Hey man, it's been a while since we talked Allstar man. How is like I, everything going man. The show's been going crazy man. I say one thing I would love was the championship series you had during the finals. That was super, super dope bro. That was dope. That was dope to talk to the champions, you know what I'm saying? Talk your shit. And it was good. You know what I'm saying? It's good to see like, you going crazy in this space. Like I think one thing that people need to give you a flyers on is like a lot of people getting into the game, but that as soon as the game over you hop and go instant reaction. Shit. A lot of people get account, Hey you went, you were a pioneer in the podcast game for that bro. You kind of made a lane for a lot of people to do that. Particularly in this industry. I gotta give you your flyers off top of that bro.


I appreciate that bro. Yeah bro. I told it, it started when I got kicked outta that game, I ain't had nothing else to do it in Memphis. Like ain't nothing to do in Memphis. Nothing. Nothing. And I, I, I left. I was hot by the way. 'cause I ain't feel like I ain't, I ain't grabbed bro like that. He went to the ground, ain't my fault. He not strong enough. But, so I was hot. I got kicked out the game. I just walked back to the hotel. I don't know why I was walking down the streets of Memphis either 'cause they hated me at that point. But yeah, you, you, you brave. Like I said, you playing dangerous game Dre. Respect. I, I walked to the hotel and I'm like, you know what, I'm about to do my podcast right now. Soon as the game end I'm on here.


And man, I think that was, that was one of the best things I ever did because it, it really sparked a, a interest for that real time update after a game. And that's been my thing now. People was telling me like, yo, you can't podcast you, you in the playoffs. And then we won championship and everybody shut up. So it was all that's cold bro. It's all good. How, like, how do you feel like when you see other players doing now? It's like yeah. Or is it like dang what you trying to take my life? Or is it like Nah, it's like an honor. Nah, I think, I think it's space for all of us man. Yeah, exactly. 'cause we all got, we all got stories to tell like, I can't do what y'all do. You know what I'm saying? Like that ain't, that ain't my thing.


You know what I'm saying? I think what's so special about this space is like yo, you can carve out your own lane and whatever it is that you want to do as, as y'all has done. So when I see guys doing it now I have two thoughts. A I like that you doing that. I think that's super dope that you doing that. But b, make sure you in a space to do it first. Yeah. You know, because I see some guys starting now and like if you start now because you're trying to make that your main job, yeah, great, go for it. But you're not in a space right now to do that and try to make it in basketball because you ain't made it in that yet.


So happy you said that. And so I, I kind of look at it that way. Like I'd be excited as hell to see everybody doing their thing. I think it's dope but at the same time I I I get a little worried that people trying to do too much too soon. Like I'm on the wrong side of my down slide. Yeah. Like I'm headed into year 13. I probably got two more. And so it's important to start building for the next thing for sure. But for some of these guys they be in year three still trying to figure it out with a podcast. Like I love that you doing it. I love that you found something that you want to do but you ain't year three and ain't done shit. Nobody really want to hear from you facts.


You know what I'm saying? Like as great as y'all show has been and where it's gone, it all started because you were an all star and an NBA champion and so you are going to naturally gain eyes by that. And then it's like, oh man, him dj, they funny as fuck. It's a good ass show but it's, people started watching because it's like, oh Jeff Teague is talking about the NBA. He a all-star and he champion. I want to hear what he gotta say. And I think some guys get started too soon where they ain't got nothing to say and whatever you it is you going to say nobody kind of want to hear it because you ain't proven nothing and they still, and for me, like you still got a brand that you gotta protect.


And so like we was talking about it on your show and earlier when we was just speaking like a lot of guys be nervous to come on shows like this but like like you said, you established you got your brand and you can can shoot the shit if you want to. You there a lot of young guys, they don't understand that like, yo, I'm shooting this shit, I'm doing this, I'm telling all these like bro build your stuff up, get to year 10 and then have some fun and do all that. Don't do that in year four and you're not that guy. Now if you, that guy, if you Trey Young, like Trey Young got a podcast and stuff, he, that guy absolutely like you know like he do your thing. Absolutely bro. You that guy. But if you a guy that was like in a situation like I was or like you know, you trying to find yourself and you a young guy and you still just trying to establish yourself.


Fred Young got a $200 million contract. Yeah. Like life is great bro. Y'all can do a lot of other things. Ain't make $200 million. Yeah. If you ain't got that chill, you know what I mean? But it's a, like you said, it's a space for everybody. For sure. For sure man. And I know, I mean with the social media it is so encouraged that everybody have their own brand quote unquote, but the whole part of having a brand is having substance behind that because if you don't have the substance behind it, it could fuck you up and the brand you trying to build at the same time. Absolutely. It's kind of like self-sabotage. But you talking about that re young contract, I don't know if y'all seen the news today, but Jaylen Brus has signed that extension with the Knicks today. Yeah. Were I have not seen the signed. Oh, he took a discount 1 54 4 years. 1 54. He could have signed next year he would've had that super duper two 50 something.


He took a hundred million dollars discount. Ah, he did the Draymond Green. He, I signed at four for a hundred and if I waited I coulda got like four for 180. But I need to lock my money in. I I'll fuck with a I'm so glad you signed. Don't nobody feel you. I bro, I'll fuck with that. No I'd rather, I'd rather lock, I'd rather lock a hundred in to make sure I got that a hundred. Yeah, yeah. Chasing that extra six or 80 And then I don't get like I, I just wasn't willing to take that risk And Ja Jalen may not be willing to take that risk but he different. Like he, you you the number one option he was gonna get that the New York Knicks, he was gonna get that.


You get, and by the way, not only are you the number one option on the New York Nixon, that's cool, but the city of New York love you. You going to get that two 50. He, he was, I think he want I I they said he took less 'cause he wanted to build the team. Well you know Josh har some of 'em guys are gonna be up for extensions. I don't know if Josh hard is. I think he just got one too. And Mikel Brown. I don't know who he was trying to get paid. I'm not sure. I'm not, can I tell you something? I don't Oh no, no don't to cut you off. Oh please can I tell you something? It's the New York Knicks bro. They can afford it. Of course you ain't gotta take no discount of of course bro. For, for them to get paid. You, you ain't gotta my situation again, my situation is different because Steph making two 70 Clay making 180.


Yeah. All right. Something gotta give. Cool. I can take a little le I can take less but he the top guy. Yes sir. Let sure by the way let let Josh Hart or he take somebody else, take less. They in my role. Right. Let one of them take less. But guess what, Steph Curry ain't take a penny less. I'll feel that and neither did Clay Thompson ain't take a penny less rightfully. So if it's gonna work, somebody do. Well guess what? I ain't really expecting them to take left. Yeah, they should. I don't know what he doing. I'm I'm, I'm happy for him he got that one. I mean he still got the max though. The max extension? Yeah, he ain't get the max that's a hundred million dollars. But like my, like a man told me one time bro, he was like, if I told you you was going, I remember when I signed for 32.


Damn that sounds so crazy 'cause shout out the max crazy. Chrissy just got that. But I signed for 32 million. I signed for 32. Smart dog. Shout to Guy, I'm happy for you bro. I'm not hating at all. I swear to God I'm not. But I remember Sunday the male was like, if I told you he was gonna make $32 million two years ago, you would've told me I'll do anything for that. That's, and I was like, he was like, so why the fuck you playing around now? I was like, you Right. So I feel like him, he probably like his dad probably was like, man, if I told you you was gonna get $154 million, you wouldn't sign that. He probably was like you right. Fuck it. You might get hurt next year. I know Rick too. You might, you might roll your wife next year. Yeah. Question though. I would've, I would've signed it though. No chance question though.


So are I, I've seen quite a few extensions This summer and, and it left me with a question of who's representing these guys because did they like also did they not? And by the way, I'm never going to question someone getting some money because all this money is life changing for us where we all come from. Yes. But some of these extensions I've been looking at like Jalen signed a four year. Do they not realize this TV money coming up? Yeah. Them deal's about to get bigger. So you go, so now he took four for 1 54 in a year and a half he gonna be making midlevel. Yeah. Facts because the max going to be 80.


I think he got an option though. I was gonna say the details. I I would love to see if he has an option after year two. I would really like to, he better have an option. I would love to see that. The option not going to come till the year three. If it's a four year deal, the option ain't come till after year three. That's going to be, which the deal, if it's an extension the deal don't kick in until till next season. Yeah. Which is the season that the TV money starts. So that's gonna be three years on new TV money. Man that's three years of playing your body wearing tear and he play for t. You know that's dog ears on the court. That's time. Like that top TI love Ts but man Tim you playing 40. I wish I would've met good JB we dunno the details yet. These niggas up here off this.


No we don't have four. I mean I would've nah if I, 'cause he already come off a hundred million dollars deal facts him. I would've, I would've went got the two something. I ain't gonna lie to you. If you telling me you can gamble one year for a hundred extra m's, you gonna take that gamble and I already made a hundred and you that nigga you gonna take that extra I made a hundred. Yeah. Position. Yeah I made a hundred by by way. They may not, they may not like my eight points next year but he getting 28. It's a different situation man. Appreciate, appreciate. I don't know. I'm happy for him though. Oh yeah. I love it. Well deserved because he got it out the mud and I, I couldn't appreciate anybody who get it out the mud. So where since you was second round pick And we family. Where did JB start moving up in that second round pick. He gotta win. Mm Gotta win.


He not top five. He not. And the only reason he not is because all the guys that that I en in my top five now he may say Draymond get out here I replace you. Which I'm cool with. I'm fine. I ain't fighting over that. Oh shoot your fire but Joke yo joker, Manu, Manu. Mm no particular order myself. Absolutely. I was just looking at this list the other day. Gilbert is not in my typhi. Second One. Hey Jackson, you remember who else was on my list?


Oh, Dennis Rodman for sure. Yeah. Oh yeah. Damn sure. Damn. Yeah. Dennis Rodman man. Nah Worm, I worm. I got a couple of worm graphic tees but I get the rebound and all that shit bro. But I'm, he was a very, very important piece. Let me hear the fifth one. He a hall of famer and and respecting numbers. Respect the numbers he did in Vegas. Fuck on the court respecting numbers He did in Vegas. Yeah he taught about that long. Yeah he's taught first round about lottery. Absolutely. Hummer like LeBron in high school off the court activities. It's it's wiling him. Oh for sure. Oh yeah this one.


That's a hell of a front quarter for sure. Y'all gotta gimme a five then I got Gille up there too bro. Just so far Mark Desaw man never saw Mark Desaw. Nice. Mark de saw up too brothers conversation. We shoulda put Power Mark in the brother's conversation. We slept on them. You slept on Slept on? We slept on the ball brothers too but yeah we did Mark. Mark Desaw for sure bro. Definitely a Hooper bro. But I'm taking Gilbert bro. Oh I'm taking Jalen Brunson over Gilbert Arenas. Ooh. Like they had, they run about the same. Gilbert had a Gilbert my favorite player. Yeah, no I wore zero 'cause of Gilbert but Gilbert Run was like, it was only like four or five years.


If Jalen Brunson keep going for like two or three more years he gonna surpass Gilbert. I agree. Yeah. I'm just talking about strictly just game though. Y'all Jaylen Bruss game is nasty. Yeah he's cool. No I just going off saying I said top five first. I'm the one who put him in there. Oh. If you just going off game though then I'm giving's probably number one. Yeah I'm going strictly game Gilbert going off game. You probably number one but your name do you think Gil were nastier The mantle Gil game is crazy, crazy. It elite crazy game Bra War zero. Yeah, like his Gil game is like Gil Game at the time he was in the NBA just off pure game. He was probably top five for sure. One of the better, bigger guards bro ever bro.


For sure, for sure. Fast to be six four going. He was damn near as fast as John Wall bro. Young guy. The only problem I have with with with Gill's resume to say Phi is if you really look at the numbers, he only did it for like four years. Yeah, yeah. I mean 'cause Gill was really paid in full in the NBA. No, you know what I'm saying? So it was, it was, it is stipulations to that. Like I tell people about Penny all the time. He give me Slack about Penny. It ain't no dis he love Penny. But I'm saying like just off game bro. He's one of the greatest point guards ever bro. Oh bro. He is bro. But what makes you great is like your longevity bro.


Like I agree you saying pure Hooper or if you just like eye test, you gonna be like yeah he cold. Yeah but your longevity make you great. That's why LeBron is so special. Like bro, he playing for 23 years at that level bro. Bro it don't like it. Your longevity like him playing for as long as he did winning championship. His longevity is gonna be greater than Gilbert because he played this long, he was successful this long it numbers or whatever that one year he might've had. It don't count. That's why I don't talk about myself like that. 'cause like yeah you made all star one time like you chill bro. Like but you had a decent, you had a decent career though bro. Yeah I did. But you was very consistent for sure. Absolutely. Yeah I did. But like you, I get it though. Like Jalen Brunson do this for three, four years. Well I wish people show mellow that type of love then mellow me one know Yes bro.


Who don't, who don't love Melo. I'm just, I'm not the peers. Y'all show respect. I'm not saying y'all don't respect Melo. Yeah, that that T of verse mellow. One-on-one conversation. I like outside world bro. For real. It get, he get a lot of slack. Woo. But we don't respect outside world opinion. That's a fact. Okay. I'm just saying people, people never mentioned like longevity when they speak of him. It's always, he never wanted to really win. He just wanted to get a bag like he didn't kill. I think he should.


Anyway, this is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the reals. You go to eBay, they'll find the one again and again the latest sneakers drop. You can't stop thinking about one of a kind street where you're dying to wear and fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet on eBay. You'll feature your eyes on the full meal of hard to find fines, start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make a designer collab your main course, the cherry on top. A timeless watch or iconic rear handbag and the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures and red fashion eBay things people love.


Can't Get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insider podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I am A loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports a growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


This. summer Hennessy encourages you to shake things up and explore new possibilities. A partnership with some of their friends and family. Hennessy is putting their twist of some of your favorite cocktails, including the margarita, the berry mojito. These fresh cocktails will turn your next gathering into something more. Set things off with the Hennessy Margarita, a squeeze of fresh lime juice and a bit of agave syrup topped off with ice and a salted rim. Mix it, shake it, pour it, and enjoy. Hennessy Hennessy made for more. Please enjoy Hennessy responsibly 21 and over only.


I got a good question for, for Dre. They just said the mellow Jason Tatum battle. You guard both of them. Yeah, they play one on one. Who you think is a tough recoverer. Melo. Yeah. Stronger bro. JT on your ass. And by the way, JT is, JT is my man. Yeah I love jt. But the thing that Melo did different than just about anyone was the pressure that he put on the rim bro. Like Melo put crazy pressure on the rim whereas opposed to, I actually have told JT this before, like bro, get to the cup. Yeah, he settled like you like sometimes you settle too much.


I told him after we beat him in the championship, like yo, I just want you to know like our stuff was predicated on you settling like you, you settle sometimes too much and when he get to the hole he can't be stopped. Nah. And you can't like his handle, he's 16. You can't stop him once he get to the hole. But Melo, Melo man I was playing mellow my first year. First or second year. David Lee had got suspended. Steph, him, clay, they had got into this thing with the Pacers night before the scuffle. Yeah, I remember George Hill got thrown around. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah I remember that out G Steph hit somebody leg and fell down. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


So that David Lee got suspended the next game. We was in the garden the next night. So I, I started and I had the guard Melo, he caught the ball in the mid post square faced up and put his head down, drove to the rim, went right into me, laid the ball up. He missed it probably could have been a foul but his borderline, he created all the contact. They didn't call the foul. He looked at the ruff like call the foul. He went back to the same spot. The next player put his head down and ran through me and got the foul. But that's the pressure he put on the rim all the time. Yeah. To put that type of pressure on the rim. I just think that makes you a tough recoverer. Yeah.


Yeah bro. That dude second jump so fast player. Yeah like he mis his own rebound more than anybody. I on the wing than I ever seen bro. Like I used to think Melo, I remember one time we played him, he went, I was in Atlanta, we was in the Guard. He went crazy on us but it was all off of like pullups and second jumps. Like he a shooter jumper. He hit that he'd go to the room post up, miss it second jump lay up. I'm like damn cold bro. And I, I was like god damn you like a bull in the China shop bro. You like, you strong as hell like Melo. Yeah he was cold bro. First step crazy too. Greatest first step. Come on bro. Ever bro go First step. That's my favorite part of people. I don't be speaking on him 'cause niggas be saying nah, Melo likes that him so much. But I know he's one of the greatest scorers ever bro.


Who don't really get his just do out. You right though. He don't get his for real bro. He don't get his dude. It bothers me like I didn't like how he was out of the league. Like me and bro watched how Houston treated him. Like yeah man that shit back at Home Pocket the picture. I was like, yeah it's crazy. Him and Iversson had the worst treatment I ever seen of like superstars I ever seen in the NBA. Yeah that's like Iversson. At one time, I remember when he played for the Memphis Grizzly, it was my rookie year and it was just like, that's Alan Iverson bro. What y'all doing? Like nah bro, like this don't look right. Y'all got him at the end of nah this don't look right. Yeah bro, that's hard. That's our bro. You can't do that to AI bro. Yeah and like same thing with Melo like seeing him in Houston, it's like nah bro, nah my nigga came out like a goddamn EBC game.


Me other game. I said damn, we're mellow. He come out nigga middle of the game just walking out, just going through it. Yep. Sitting down. They caught it. He like, fuck it. I get out there for a little bit. It's mellow bro. Now look at that. That was literally the last game he played bro. I swear. Yeah, the Rockets, we was there and you talk about the longevity situation and that's why I think like you said, it needs to be more honored, especially people in your situation. You know what I'm saying? For you to be a 13 year vet, same organization, like that's those things that needs to be praised more. We kind of phase people out. But it's just like we can't do that because you have to respect what people did. People ain't just doing this, people ain't just staying in the league off strength. They be waiting to get certain people out the way. So if people to stay around, even no matter how good you are or however you kind of not as good as you were, we need more respect on shit like that.


For sure. I showed though this nigga was on his way to the Hornets dre. Why? Why you thought he was going to the horse? I said after the last few games I said yeah they sick of his ass. Don gig to Charlotte. Nigga three gonna be driving this golf cart. Miss Dre, the Charlotte, it is up. That's tv. Yellow. Oh yellow Lamber fired. Hey, I tell you what though, I pray to God if they ever feel they need to get rid of me, like at least send me like send me somewhere say Dre to the Pistons. Hey no, they gotta do you right bro.


Don't all fucking around with you bro. They gotta do you right bro. If if they gonna send me to any like non-winning organization Detroit, then send me to Detroit. Yeah. Facts, thanks. This the crib like yeah. Facts, I can, I can make it do to do that. Yeah. The crib. So if they gonna send me to any non-winning organization, I'd much rather it be Detroit than, than Charlotte. You done gave too much to the city, bro. You gotta go where you want to go. I, I hope I don't go anywhere. Yeah, but I'm saying I'm, we talking about of course you need to finish out and go so, but if it came to that you need to have a Nah, I'm not going to Orlando. I want to go where I want go. I think they have enough respect to do out of respect for sure.


I mean that's what Atlanta did for me when I wanted to go to Indiana. Yeah. So if he got it for sure crazy. What happened the second time? Was that Oh they, that double zero that Boomer was some that boomer tea. I asked not to go there. I I said can y'all please, I sent me to Atlanta. Hell my nigga jumped off trip go, bro. That's how much of Minnesota did fuck with me. I was like, bro, please don't send me to Atlanta. I just wanna go somewhere. They trying to win bro. I'm still like, I'm averaging 14 off the bench bro. Yeah. I'm trying to be a sixth man of the year or something, man. He said, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're going to Atlanta. I was, yeah. Fuck you too.


So I gotta ask Dre, obviously, you know what I'm saying, we talked last all-star finishing out the season. I would say probably more of an emotional season for a lot of things going on. How was that meant to, you know what I'm saying? Obviously knowing what took place, some of the things that could have took place. How was it just getting through the rest of the season? Honestly, it was fun to play again and it felt like a weight was off my shoulders for the rest of the year except for when something went wrong. Hmm. When something went wrong. Like for instance, when I got, when I got ejected in Orlando, like two minutes into the game, whatever it was, three minutes into the game.


We had bought your black forces that day. That's, that was the day who I went on here and them for you. He beat Rash Wallace record. We had a group take so loud, bro. So, so When I, when I got kicked outta that game, like I hadn't had a text since I've been back. And so then I get kicked outta that game and everybody like, yo, look, he haven't learned anything, number one, let's stop that. He haven't learned anything. Like I'm a fucking dummy. Like I'm not dumb. He hasn't learned anything, blah, blah, blah. Also like I play basketball, like stop acting like I'm like sticking somebody up.


Yeah. I play basketball. Yeah. But it was the whole like, he haven't learned anything. He's this, he's there, he's a problem. Look at Steph. Steph's emotional and Steph told me after the game like, yo, I need you out there. Like I just, I like whatever it is, I just need you out there. Steve came to me after the game and was like, yo, you good? I'm like, yeah. He's like great. I'm not about to make like I'm about, I'm not about to make a bunch out of this. Yeah. Like you getting kicked outta that game, you're going to get kicked out sometimes. By the way, I need you to get kicked out sometimes. I need you to be who you are.


No, we can't make a thing out of it, but I just want you to know you've been absolutely incredible since you've been back. You just got kicked outta that game. We gotta bounce back tomorrow. I'm like, no problem coach. I appreciate it. That's right. And so the the rollercoaster Kind of ended once I got back, except for when something like that happened. But I was so happy to play basketball again and just like be around the guys again. Like compete at a high level and most importantly kill the narrative because the only, when you go through something like I was going through last year, the only way out of it is actually to play well. Yeah. Like if, if like you can apologize as much as you want.


You can do as many podcasts until you play well. People don't move on. And so my goal coming back was like, yo, I just gotta come back and play. Well And, we gotta win. And when I came back we was winning games, I was playing well and it kind of all went away. But if, if we wasn't winning as soon as we started losing like, oh it's his fault. Like man, stop. That's crazy. So I I it was one of the most trying seasons I've ever been through for sure. But I do feel like it also provided the more, most growth for me in a season than, than I've ever had. Like, it, it required and forced me to grow in a way that when you winning you don't have to because nobody care like you winning.


Yeah. Like, so it is what it is. Like when you winning and that happened, it's like, look, that's the heart of a champion. They winning. All of a sudden you not winning and now you are an idiot and you're uncontrollable and you shouldn't be here. And so it forced me to grow because we wasn't winning. And I had to understand that when you not winning, the things that you get away with when you winning ain't the same. Yeah. Real. I shine a light on that shit. Wanted ask you. No, go ahead. Oh no. I said I wanted to ask you about Clay's departure. You know, y'all had a man, one of the best runs ever, bro. Y'all trio. I know it's a splash Brothers bro.


But so I ain't saying it 'cause you here, bro. It's really the, the big three for real with you. How is it man? How you dealing with your man? It's like sliding. To be honest with you, I haven't given him much thought. Okay. Because I really don't wanna face the reality until I have to face the reality. Yeah. Until it's time to shoot up. Okay. And so like, it's kind of just this thing that's like floating around out there and then people be like, yo, how you feel about playing? I'm like, ah. Like I don't know. Like I I haven't really allowed my mind to process it. Yeah. Needless to say, I said all of that to say I'm happy as hell.


He gone and the reason I'm happy he's gone is because he wasn't happy no more. Yeah. And as a brother, I only want what's best for you. Yeah. Not what's best for me, not what's best for this team, not what's best for the organization. Like we spend so much time around each other as you know, you spend more time around these guys than you, than than you do your family. And to see him unhappy, like the way I saw him unhappy last year, and I wouldn't even necessarily say unhappy. He was uneasy though. Like Yeah. Like just bothered.


Yeah. And to see him that for, to see someone that doesn't have a care in the world. Hmm. Like, like if you, if you walk around our organization and you say, yo, tell me about Clay, everybody would say to y'all, he live in his own world. Yeah. And everybody cool with that. So to see someone that does not have a single care in the world, all of a sudden just like can't shake nothing. Damn. That bothered me. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like that that, that to me was more far more hurtful than him leaving. Like to see somebody that just loved to play basketball, like that man loved to play basketball, he loved going on his boat and he loved his dog.


That's about it. And to see him like not happy with that thing. Yeah. It is time. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And so I think it was time for him, I think it was time for the organization. Like we've been in the attacks for six straight years. Nobody talk about that side of, you know what I'm saying? Like Clay left. We not in the attacks no more. The organization get a chance to reset because at the end of the day, regardless of how uneasy he was last year, regardless of how bothered he was, we built that organization. That's a fact. That organization was the laughing stock of the NBA. That's a fact bro. And so in doing what we've done, they're still a care, the organization.


We was just about to make some trades last week and I told them straight up like, yo, that that trade helped me. Like it'll help me right now in my career these last couple years and stuff. But I've always spoke to y'all from a place of what's best for this organization. I won't stop now. Yeah. That's a bad trade. Like don't do that trade. Like I, I disagree with it, although it's gonna help me right now. Yeah. And so what Clay just did and, and nobody will give him credit for what Clay just did is he just released, he just relieved this organization of the financial hardships that the organization was starting to face. Right. You still doing for the organization, but nobody will say that. Nobody will say him leaving because they'll only make it about ah, he was unhappy.


Which again, he wasn't the happiest last year. But by the way, you've been through this shit. Who is this, this is hard job man. Yeah, that's fair. Like you go through it in four, God has been happy for 12 straight years to have one, one unhappy year. I think we're all do just that. Yeah. But in saying that, he provided cap relief for this organization on his way out. You know what I'm saying? Got some picks sent back to the organization on his way out and I believe in second round picks, I got no choice but to believe in second. You know what I'm saying? So I'm happy for him. I'm happy he left because I never, I I I had, I did not enjoy at all seeing him the way I saw him last year.


Yeah. Because he can care less whether the sky is blue or green on a, on a daily basis. But now every day something is at him. Yeah. That wasn't fun to watch. So it was good for him, it was good for everybody. But that 31 look crazy. It's disgusting, it's nasty. Whatever that is. It's crazy. But 31, that 31 look nuts. Somebody was, somebody said to me like, yo 31, that's Reggie Miller number. And I said, yeah, clay, but he Clay Thompson. Yeah. Clay better than Reggie. Clay Thompson know Clay. Clay out pocket right. For wearing 31. And then Festus and Zellie wore 31. Yeah. Yeah. And like Festus tried to go at me on, on Instagram like, what's wrong with 31?


Like you wore it fest bro. We seen Oh we nigga, but he pocket face watch he outta pocket face. Listen pocket we won championship together. And, we was drafted together, but if you wore the number, clay probably shouldn't wear the number. He's like, well you, you wearing mjs 23, it worked out for you. And quite frankly his passion MJ is top two ever in the NBA history. Top two hold on. Top two on, hold on what you mean? There's a guy named LeBron James that's number one. Oh, so he top two.


Whoa. Is it? I'm let you keep going. Go ahead, go ahead. Is it the landslide? Is your speech over? So here's you was on your third good market shit we didn't wanna interrupt you. He, he, he top two. The gap between Michael Jordan and me is close is far smaller than the gap between Clay Thompson Fest as aint, and I'm not top a hundred, but the gap between us two and the gap between it's a nigga, just a nigga the hundred that you better do possibly. But the the point, the gap like MJ is MJ facts and the gap between me and him and Clay Infest.


It's like that deal. This we got, this is why we can't get no fucking guess because the damn we getting come here y'all think fest. That's my pocket. What's wrong with 31? Hello offense did you wear, because Reggie gonna pass big man with bad hands. That's what's wrong with 31. I I see what you did in Kentucky that year, bro. You played really well. It my brother and them bro. I love you. Shout out to you. But you had to get it because it was no party. You commenting, talking about what's, what's wrong with 31? Look at Clay in 31. Get number one. Right. Get number 10.


Kyrie got 11. Cool. Get it. I get that. No problem. 31, That's Yeah, I didn't like that one.


This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, they'll find the one again and again the latest sneak drop. You can't stop thinking about one of a kind street where you're dying to wear and fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet On eBay. You'll feature your eyes on the full meal of hard to find fines, start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make the designer collab your main course, the cherry on top of timeless watch or iconic rear handbag and the jury of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Can't Get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the source, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How's it? I am A loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis on the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


We hate the the Jordan and Brian debate, but I just want to ask you like what separates them on the court to you? What separates them on the court to me is to make you give Brian the push what separates what what separates them on the court to me is I think number one LeBron's intention to make LeBron's intention to make people better. The guys that LeBron has made better. Like did you see them play without him? Yeah, yeah it did. Facts like come on his, but he was, but Louis was a Allstar LeBron bro. Boobie Gibson. Exactly. His household name. Fucking And he was intentional about making those guys better, though MJ made guys better just because of how good he was.


Yeah. It wasn't like, ah, I think this way, so I'm gonna do this to get this guy this. No, you just so good that then that guy can get off off of how good you are. Yeah. And I think that's a different thing. I also think a two year break in the middle of a crazy run is like, that's, that's heaven on earth. Like to like to, to have two years off from this thing that we do in the middle of a run and then come back and keep like, bro, like you can't act like he just went six in a row. Like, well, he wasn't gonna play baseball.


He laughed and came back in a crazy sport. I love, I I I love baseball. I'm a big Yankee fan, but they, they body ain't going, they play a lot of games. Yeah. They body not going through. Alright. But imagine, imagine you take two years off and you gonna pick up a ball and you start doing something else, trying to be good at that. You start playing pickleball and you like, fuck it, I'm gonna go all in on pickleball. I agree. By the way, I ain't Michael Jordan. Hey, you still the best in the world, but you still the best in the world, bro, when you come back. But I mean, I want to be like Mike, that's, that's Michael Jordan. However, a MJ crazy. Yeah, I don't for sure. I, I don't think he ever put the basketball down.


Like in my opinion, I just don't think so. I don't believe that either. I do. He crazy like that. I think he went all in on baseball to try to be good competitive. I don't believe he did play basketball. No, because how competitive he is to Jeff's point. He wanted to to be so good at that that he'd locked in. Yeah. He was so good at basketball. I can come back and do. Niggas can't fuck with me. I think he did, but I think he quickly realized I'm not as good at this thing as this. Let me pick this ball back up. Yeah, I mean after a while he probably was like, yeah, you kind of weak. But basically like me at Michigan State football, MJ baseball, that's girl, I got a question for that too. Highlights of you at Michigan State Football. Crazy. Swear to God how they clipped you up on YouTube?


They me the music. Music make it the soundtrack. Make it they doing Detroit music. This is great. And. we gonna keep talking about the MJ stuff but when we get to that, I got a great question for you. Nah, go weird. Nah, nah. Because you know how Austin River said 30 people could play Yes. Football or basketball players could play football. Like you tried it in college. I did not. Do you think like 30 NBA players could play football? They lied to y'all. I really didn't try to play football. What was you doing? What happened was, this is really crazy about, I just talked about this on Brandon Davis podcast by the way, but he did, he, so what happened was, I don't y'all football team weak at wake, so I don't know if this Nah, we not weak bro.


We not weak. No, y'all bro. Top 25. We not weak. We not weak. And when I was there we was top 10. No, fuck that. Tell your story. So y'all so, so y'all, so so when you were there, did y'all team go to Boing? Yeah, we went to the peach orange ball. Ball. We went to the orange ball, we went to the orange y'all to the orange ball. We went to the Orange bowl. We had top five. We had Aaron Curry. He was top five. Pick who? Aaron Curry. Aaron. He went to Oakland. Matter of fact he was top five big with do, he retired after four years. So this is what happened over Christmas break. You know nobody's on campus.


Yeah, we still have games and the team come and like get announced at the game at halftime or at a timeout to announce their bowl game before they take off of the bowl game. So they came over to announced their bowl game during the game. And I said to coach D at the time, coach Dantonio was the coach. I said Coach DI wanna play in the spring game. And in my mind I'm just like, I just wanna play because I know this is my last opportunity ever in life to play football. Yeah. Like so I just want to go out there and play a couple plays. He's like, all right, cool. This is December. So fast forward to March or April, whenever the spring game was. I the, it was on Thursday. On Monday I went to his office like Coach D you told me I could play in the spring game.


He was like, all right, cool. Come out to practice tomorrow. We got practice Tuesday, Wednesday off the game on Thursday. Perfect. I was at practice. They gave me the weakest shoulder p shoulder pads ever. I thought nothing of it because I was just excited to go play. So they got me out there looking like an offensive lineman, no problem. Oh god. When I looked back on it, it was all a setup. Shoulder pads was fucked up. I ain't have good cleats. Like they had me out there looking back all a sudden it was crazy. All a sudden my player trash before the VC player, it was crazy. That nigga was built like joker after And. we made it bad.


They clipped you up against Drake in Kentucky doing the warmup that they had. Tell that's great. By the way, I'm gonna tell you, I'm, when I get to this end of the story, you're gonna know why me and Drake not the same because Drake just sucked at basketball. I wasn't, I did something in football in that game though. Special. I'm gonna get there. So, but here's, so start with the past. I ain't think nothing of it. I look back on it now like you fucking idiot. But anyway, I go out to practice and they showing me all this stuff like, man, if somebody pressed up on you, you swipe like this and go through you come here, swipe down, go you.


And so I'm like, okay, cool, cool. Like they showing me all this stuff. Then they like, yo, if the, if the linebacker is six yards off the line of scrimmage, then you need to run a seven and out but seven yards and out. But if he five yards off, you need to go six. And then I'm like, yo, so y'all want me to be counting these little dots on this line, these little lines on this field, count how many yards he is. By the way, what if I misjudge a little? And so number one, I realized right away a why so many freshmen red shirt in football, the learning curve is insane. And B, I gained a lot of appreciation for quarterbacks and I understand why sometimes the quarterback throw the ball way over there and be looking at the receiver that's over there like, yo, what the fuck you doing?


One of y'all miscounted something. Yeah. So we go on, we go to practice, they show me all the stuff. Boom, practice in Thursday, I come for the game. Boom. They tell me, you going to run this play, you gonna line up at tight end, this is your route. Boom. We get to the huddle, quarterback says we going on set, hit bat. We going on set hit. I got my route. I'm excited as hell. I'm ready to go get in my three point stands. I ain't looking at the ball. I'm excited as shit. I'm about to go catch a pass. I forgot all fundamentals. I look at the ball when the snap note, none of that. So I'm looking ahead and I got this big ass defensive DN lined up over me. So I'm like, I just gotta get by him and then I'll go against his pat the entire offensive line hunting and the entire defensive line yells, hit hit.


I take off ball star. Well he boy after like radio, now mind you, a linemen aren't even allowed to talk. It's a penalty B, how the hell does the defensive line know we going on here? It's a set up. They're like, all right, again, I don't notice it. Then in the moment I'm like, man, they set up so they like, all right, you gonna line up at receiver this next play. And at the time we got this, this, this cornerback, his name's Johnny Adams buck 80, buck 85, soaking wet, five 11 animal All American.


So number one, why are y'all putting y'all best corners on me? That's a great wide receiver lined up on the other side. Why is he over here on me? It's a setup nonetheless. If this is the line of scrimmage bro right here. So I'm thinking to myself like, why is he so close to this line? I don't know. I'm about to go catch this pass. I'm excited. Remember they taught me all the things I don't know hit. I take off, boom, boom, boom. Jam me up. Crazy. I'm like, oh this fight was so close to the line, yo. So now what? They don't tell you what, see where they cut the video off at is he held me for 10 yards. So I picked up a first down in a college football game.


But they don't tell you that day. Hell no they don't. Yeah, it's a set up. So I never really, I never tried to play football. Yeah. In college. I just wanted, I knew that was my last opportunity in life to do it. And so I went out there for two plays. But they got people thinking like, oh man, he was trying to play and he sucked like nah to Austin Rivers point. Which I understood what he was saying. I did too. Like he's right. Yeah. I don't think, I am not of the assumption that you can just take 30 players right now from the NBA and say, all right, tomorrow you're in the NFL game. I I don't think that. Yeah.


What I do think is there are 30 players that you can find in the NBA that if you taught them a football skill set could be that they can, there are not 30 players in the NFL that you can find and teach them a basketball skillset and they can come into the NBA. And you know how I know that because all of the skill positions are basketball players that fell and wasn't good enough and then they went over there and played football. Yeah football because they could go do that. You could go run out because you're athletic and catch a pass and get open and do these things. And so I got the utmost respect for football players in their sport. But I do get what Austin Rivers was saying. I do too. And you cannot take 30 players from the NFL and make them NBA players.


Not all. That's a, that's a lot because all them niggas who like they been to the pen before. Yeah they know like they got dreads. Yeah. Everybody who just too strong too to, I've never seen an NFL player just like Ray Allen, like my man that went to Michigan State for a second though. He can hoop though. It's a lot of people that can hoop receiver. He just got drafted this year. Receiver just got drafted? Yeah, he went to Michigan. Oh, Keon Coleman. Yeah. Yeah he could who? Yeah he could. He could hoop for sure, but I mean I ain't saying he was league, he was one of old boy. No, I take that back. What's my boy? He was raw in high school for the Bengals. The receiver T boy. TT Higgins. TT Higgins. Dumb bounce. No I seen him in person. No but he could really hoop though.


NBA is crazy. Yeah. Not the N nba y'all's different skill y'all. Y'all way too good. It's a different skill. But for y'all to go out there and take a hit like how they had you, nah, I'm cool. You are a proficient hall of Fame NBA player. How they had you looking? I said yeah, shit's crazy when they put you in the verse in the side I with Drake and bla. I said all this bro, we got y'all. They can't do D Drake like that bro. Yeah, it's crazy. So put the gospel drink, air balling and warmups. At least I picked up a first guy. Yeah. Nah, you athletic Drake. Drake crazy. I you speaking about Drake though, you in a Cali, you listen to music. Drake, you cool with Drake? I'm sure. Yeah. What you think about Kendrick and Drake family? Listen, I'm a music fan for sure.


I enjoy watching them brothers Spar. Yeah for sure. Go back and forth. I think what Kendrick did was diabolical I think. I think Kendrick was way more strategic. It was kind of like, it was kind of like one one person and Kendrick was like, oh I'm about to destroy you. And one guy was like, oh this is fun. Yeah. Like ah you can't fucking, but it's fun. It like this is fun. Yeah. And by the time he realized it wasn't just fun, it was too late.


Yeah. And Kendrick as a lyricist, it's crazy Bar none like I mean out of this world. Yeah. And so what I think is a on top of Ki Kendra being the lyricist that he is, he was way more strategic to like the way he was dropping the songs. Like come oh you just drop one. He never, he was so strategic that Drake actually dropped great records. Yeah. He never gave you a chance to even listen to it because family matters is far, it's insane. Yeah. But in 10 minutes it was just like nevermind me the Grams.


It's like oh, oh I forgot this happened. Yeah. And then after me, the Grahams the next day he come with they not like us and so he was way more strategic on top of him being the great lyricist that he is. And listen, they not like us. Is the is it is actually probably gonna be bigger, but it's the new California love. Yeah. Real interesting. It's crazy. In 20 years you turn that song on and people will still be bopping. I was at a wedding last week and DJ played it once just to see where the crowd was. Right? Yeah. And he is like, oh, so then his next song was like, oh I'm gonna turn them up.


Then he went back to they not like us maybe an hour later and played it four times in a row. And on the fourth time people was dancing like it was the second time they ever heard the song. Meaning the first time you heard it you like, oh man this is fire. The second time you like I'm turned people was turned on the fourth time in a row that they played it, which was the fifth time all night. Like it was the second time they heard the song. And I was just like, man. And by the way, white people dancing to this, black people dancing to this purple, green, yellow, it don't matter who you are, it's it's cultures that don't even have a clue of what he's talking about. Yeah. And like they're bopping to the song. And so I just think me personally, I think what the world need to see and what the world is waiting to see is like to see Drake accept the song.


Yeah. And I think personally he needs to accept the song because the reality is you gotta get past the things that he's saying. Right. Like he's saying some darn things about you. Yeah. Some crazy shit. However, where you gotta, where you gotta accept is you also said some darn things about him. Facts for sure. Right. So it's all fair because Fair game because both of y'all was shooting at family shooting that kid shooting percent shooting that wives, niggas was outta pocket. Hundred percent. Everybody was shooting everywhere so So you kind of gotta get past what he's saying. I think he needs to like admit that it's a great record.


Yeah. Because what I think, what I think right now as, as someone who's been through their fair share of blunders, what I think right now is I think the record got a hold of Drake and the only way you can get away from the record is to say no that's a great record. And like man I danced to it too 'cause the like even you hear the beat demo that beat, that's what we was trying to tell we trying to him he told, he said that shit ain't about to get played nowhere. I didn't say it wasn't going at his parties, at his function. Hold on. Yeah. So hold on. I know you wanna speak, I know you you you itching like a motherfucker with chickenpox.


This is what I said the lyrics in the song a hundred percent he murdered him. I just don't, I don't like the beat. I think I'm okay to say that. It just doesn't grab me like that. That beat is crazy. Beat O your hand. Oh my God. Nah, I'm not O your hand. I'm not, I don't, I don't even really like light-skinned people. I barely like you. You family, you feel me? But I just really think like the beat just don't, the Kendrick own future with Metro and them is a a better beat to me. Oh that beat crazy too. Oh I like that's crazy. Here's the thing though, but they not like us is a bigger record because of how it's been marketed bro. How it's been marketed. But also again why I said Kendrick is diabolical that is a West coast beat.


Like I get it And so with it be in a west coast beat like he made it, he made it to where it's like yo you gotta fuck with the West coast, west coast versus you. Yeah. Yeah. Like not LA not Compton. Yeah but he made it West coast and that's why he definitely versus you won to me a hundred percent. I'm just saying me, I live on Indianapolis Midwest like you, you were from motherfucking S Saama. Absolutely. You feel me? That shit just doesn't, when I hear, I get what you saying when I hear the, the other record with Metro and them, it's more of that don't scare the ho if I see a girl see walking at my party, at my party, I got niggas built like you a security, I'm asking her to leave.


You know what I'm saying? That's not really my, my type of vibe but I get it. It's a bigger record bro. Go crazy. Kendrick you one of the goats to me for sure. But you should ask him who else come to his parties though, how they come. You should ask him. Well we not, this is not appropriate for that Mike. Mike is snapping like TPA over there. But we can move before I tell you after the show I I I shoot you. What? What you next next bro? You family bro. You know how we pod before we get outta here man A lot of crazy moves happen. Obviously we mentioned Clay, you know what I'm saying? Going to the Mavs Sixers fucking got A BBL with this whole fucking roster.


What's some teams you feel like really went crazy this off season so far? I think the Sixers has done a good job. I think you know with the players they added pg, Caleb Martin drumming. Yeah I think they had a really good off season. They had a bunch of, they had a bunch of cap space and they capitalized on it. I still don't think they're gonna beat the Celtics winning championship. I, I don't, I still don't think that. And then also locking in your superstar point guard for the long haul. Like the Sixers had a really big summer I think.


I think Dallas ad and Clay is going to be huge because I also think Clay's going to have a great year. Yeah I hope and I hope he does too. It's one of my favorite. I hope he does too. Yeah. And so I think that's big. I think, I think the Knicks getting Mike L. Bridges is a, is a is a great pickup man. I don't think it pushed them over the over the hump because I still think in order to get over the hump you gotta have one of them guy guys like you know like Steph Curry, LeBron James Joker, Jason Tatum. Like that's a different level of guy. Yeah for sure. And I think in order to get over the hump you have to have those types of guys.


I think the Knicks, what they've done is like they're going to have, they're gonna be so hard to beat in the regular season but then it's going to get to a point to where you need one of them guy guys who gonna score. And where I will say I respect Jalen Brunson for taking the 1 54 is you going to allow that team to be in the running to go get one you one 'em guys and if they can then you got action. But right now I don't think they're a championship team. Do you think the real JR can be one of 'em guys? JR r Smith. Julius Randall Julius there you go. I think Julius Randall is a good player. I think Julius Randall's an all star but Julius Randall ain't joker Steph LeBron.


Nah nah I ain't saying that. I'm just saying do you think like with them having them combined can be a joker or Steph with the supporting KI think them two combined is going to make them a very good team. But I still think you see as you know you you see the the competitive edge of him. That's his position. He like yeah straight up. I think it makes him a very good team. I love that because you know like you won a championship, who was the guy guy on that team? Be honest. And so like Julius is damn good NBA player for sure for so Jaylen Brunson is a damn good NBA player there go but I still don't think they want to one of those guys and and unfortunately in this league two doesn't equal one you right.


Damn that's real good effect. I just don't think it does. I think both of them are going to have great years in their own right. I think both of them will probably be all stars but when it comes down to it in them playoffs and they take everything away from you. Yeah you just gotta know how to go get a bucket no matter who's guarding you and there's only really like four to five guys in this league that can do that thing. Nice for real. How you feel about the additions y'all had with Buddy Hill? I think there are good additions for us. I think you know buddy Bre shooting for sure De Anthony Melon bringing some, shooting some defense, some perimeter defender. I think that's good.


And my, my, my love for Slowmo as a player has been well documented. I think he, I think when a team, when you got him on the team you just plug and play like it is like now Y got two of you like it is crazy. I was like damn, they know they and he playing a five in the postseason. It was crazy and very well, very efficient and it just makes perfect sense for y'all team. I like he he's literally plug and play by the way, if you need him to play some back point, guess what he can do? Yeah he can do that sir. He can play backup point but by the way if you need bro, go play the floor. Go ahead. Yeah bro. Alright bro we need you as five Five go ahead. Like he a plug and play type of guy so I think think I like the additions we made.


I'm not gonna get ahead of myself and be like oh we're a championship team. Like in 2022 it all came together for us and I, I thought we were losing the get first round and it all came together for us so I would never count us out like, but I also don't think many of these teams outside of the Boston Celtics are championship teams either. I think y'all gonna have a really, really good season. Like a un like I look at y'all as an underrated team. I know everybody counts, y'all clay, it's like all the dynasties over. But for some reason the way y'all built it I'm like man they got a lot of guys, it's like jail guys. Yes. Like Buddy Hill can make shots. Like you said, Kyle's a great player, he can play plug and play and then I think y'all young guys like Trace, I think he's developing and I think shots are trace his role playing with CP last year.


Put him on a faster track and same thing, I never can say his name right. Brad pki. I never, I was gonna call him bp bp but no Bobby reporters. I think he's going to be, I think he got like a Dante deso type of way. Absolutely. Damn that's a good comparison. Absolutely. Like even though they both got red hair, it wasn't even that but it's just like they remind me that 'cause he can guard, he can make a shot and it's like I think y'all got a, the buildings of a real good like jelling team For sure. I think so too. I think a lot of people forget we still got wigs on this team. Wes had a tough year last year. Yeah. Going through a lot. Which we all have. But you going through the stuff that he was going through. Yeah it's tough. I'm not sure I'd be playing.


Yeah. You know but no, no one and it ain't nobody business what he's going through but yeah. You know tough dude for continuing to go through that season. Yeah, a hundred percent. And so I think we'll get wigs from 2022 bat this about wig and then also who I'm more more excited about than even my game John. It is Jonathan Maker. No sir. I think he's about to take that next step, put himself on the cusp of being an all star. Whether you get the nod as if you're winning or not. So if we win it, maybe he does get the nod but I think he's on the cusp. So with that being said, like I said, I think we got a good mix of vets and experiencing young guys and that could come together.


And by the way, we got Steph Curry, we could win a championship anytime the guy 'cause he's that good. Yeah, but it's not a championship team on paper and it's not a championship team starting the season. But it is a team that can grow into being a championship contender. And that's all you can ask for is to be a contender. If you a contender you need one rolled ankle, you need, you know, anything happen, motherfuck, sprain, a finger and can't dribble is good no more. Like that's the luck that you need. And so shout out to the Pacers. Yeah, Mike's done a good job Damn die for them. Yeah, the Pacers they damn made to the finals off of all you my dog man.


But when I seen that, we a good record. See Team broke my heart man. Broke my heart man. I'm happy we got to Eastern Conference finals man. But you believe me. No, I'm the delusional fan. Oh I'm I'm one of those At least you honest. Oh yeah, for sure. I'm, I'm a hundred about it. I'm de you like the delusional girlfriend. Whoa, whoa. We can go that far. Check this. Check this. If y'all losing the first round, you owe me Black Forces. You owe you them anyway on Hold on nigga you getting them wrong? That ain't no bad. Well rewind and wait a minute. And you can't wear no no shows with my, with my shoes either. You gotta get you some mids them no shoes. You definitely steal with your Nohow. You got that is Saginaw. Shop shoplifter, you gotta get you some these Saginaw shoplifter dog.


He really part of the pie because that's how we start roasting these chicken because I won. I won't, this is what you owe me. Y'all can make Y out a little bit. This is what you owe me. If y'all just say, I don't know, halfway through the season you see it's like damn we ain't making the playoffs. I need you to really warm up and play in a pair of black forces and white laces. Whatever bet you wanna make. Whatever. If y'all make the playoffs, 'cause I know y'all talked about y'all gonna be a good team. T got y'all, y'all little Giants run potentially Little Giants. I'm nothing so Little Giant. Did y'all make the playoffs this year? Little Giant.


So run. So y'all gonna run it back. Whatever y'all did last year. Y'all did this year. So if y'all, y'all, if y'all make the playoffs, I owe you whatever. Woo. Giant make the playoffs by the way, just so you know because the West is, the West is deep bro. Thicker than Big Booty Judy out there. If y'all don't make the playoffs, black Forces last game of the season. Steve Curve put the stick in the game. I'm gonna tell you right now. Adam Silver gonna see Dre and them Black Forces six hit him outta the arena. Now get this man after the fucking middle accent. I'm gonna share, I'm gonna share a little tidbit with you though.


After winning four championships and making the playoffs and losing in the first round. I'd rather not Or second round. You'd rather not what? I'd rather go home and enjoy my summer. Okay. Respect than, than going to the fir first, second round and not having a, a real chance. You solidify though. Maybe the guys want to go to the playoffs. You're young guys. No, I mean we gonna do all we can to Yeah to win a championship. But by the way, at no point are they going to hear like, yo fellas, we gotta make the playoffs. Like don't waste my time, don't waste my time. We try and win the championship. Well that's the talk, but making the playoffs, that's some Indiana Pacers talk. Jordan. That's tough.


No that's tough. It's that's Am I lying? No, you got, you ain't got no argument here brother talk. The Dr J shorts ain't gonna hold you. We had won of the playoffs series since my son was born. My son was nine. I was very excited this year. You should. We've been going through some shit. Did y'all go to a game? I did. I did. I slid for sure had the support. He worked for him. That's crazy. Allegedly it was a good time. Of course. You know what I'm saying? Good energy. Of course. You know what I'm saying? Good energy. Great point guard. Guess what? He about to lead team us a guess what? What's up man, you know what's crazy, what's happening? I had a month extra summer to do the same thing they did. Oh some real shit. Dre. I don't mean to cut you off.


Are y'all better than the Pacers? Are we better than Pacers? Yeah. Steph Curry. A hundred percent. That's a fact. A hundred percent. Okay. Because he think they better than the Knicks. Who else he say Jeff? They Milwaukee. Oh you know how I Milwaukee. He said they better than Milwaukee. I was like nah, I said last year we beat all they asses. That's all I said. I didn't say we was better but we beat, we beat Milwaukee five times last year. I don't wanna hear nothing from Milwaukee. Dre and them would've beat Y as we beat y'all five times. What we tall about? We actually did beat y'all pretty bad bro. We had off night. It's okay. Yeah, we had all night. No, I'm gonna tell you what happened. Want me to tell you what happened? Story time with Dre. I tell you what happened. Story time with Dre mom. My favorite watch show happened was if you go back to 2000 and this was the 2324 season.


So the 20 22 23 season, which would be Nim H's. Rookie year, right? Yes sir. All right. G Nihar, if you go back and watch the game when we played the Pacers in in the bay, the game winner Hall Burton was our out. And I'm almost positive he was out. He could have not been out. That's irrelevant. Nihar gave us hell, you hear me complete Hell and he was talking so crazy and Steph was guarding him and the shots he was hitting, Steph would just turn and look like, yo what? Like, and so he was talking so crazy. So in turn what you then did was mm, every time that guy see you now he like, he could be sleepy on a back to back to back to back.


When he see you, he turned up and he had you now. Yeah. Still. And so what happened was that came out, I got to get back and like 24 in the first quarter I remember. And so I said all of that to say blame them hard but y'all gonna have a hard time with us. Yeah because Steph got an issue. Warriors and four versus the patients for Step got an issue. He got a big issue and I don't really know if there's any way to fix the issue except for him to stop playing basketball with you because every time he see Nihar up. By the way, I love Nim hard's game man. I think I, I, I told YI like guys who get it out the mud and he like, he got some shit to him.


Yeah. Get to it. He feisty than a motherfucker. Yep. But every time he see Steph Curry, he better buckle up and I'm, I'm gonna one up you on that conversation. I don't know if you watched the game, but did you see the scrimmage, the USA? Yeah. Canada. Yeah. Did you see when Step Start cooking? Yeah. Yeah. Look who was gardening? Yeah. I'm telling you. Every time he see see him every time it's just like as a light bulb going to go off. And so that's gonna make it tough for y'all because when Steph go off, we don't like difference between these dudes who be scoring like 60 and 70. They be losing. When Steph and Clay got 60 and 70, we only played three quarters. Damn. That's fact. So when Steph go off, it's over.


It's a wrap. Yeah. And so y'all going to have a tough time with us. Okay? Y'all gonna get us in the back. Y'all gotta pull up to the bridge though. We don't. Losing the bridge y'all did this year. Yeah, they beat your ass this year. We gonna say we it's on camera. We gonna back to back forces up. We gonna beat it up. But listen, we gotta get up outta here. Dre appreciate you sliding on this big dog. You know you welcome any given time. Be here and tell the people they can grab some merch at though. Shop club five twenty.com Baby sir, shout to the big C for sliding on man. Yes sir. Shout out to Resort World loss. Vegas, Nevada showing us hella love opening up They arms us to do this creative content for y'all. We appreciate the love. We'll be back next time. Club five 20, man, listen.


Traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staring the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah, traveling sometimes when they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, pots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier for sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified. Ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man, it was perfect. Shout to Airbnb, how you feel about the tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great.


Here we go. Popeye's, here we go. What do we want? Popeye's Chicken Wings. Why do we want 'em? They're The official wing of watching Football. What flavors are we going to get? All of them. Be more specific. Sweet and spicy Signature. Hot roasted garlic Parmesan honey, barbecue. Sweet and smoke. Chipotle and honey. Lemon pepper. When do we want 'em? When we're watching the game. That's right. Gametime Wing time. Woo. Let's go. We have that chicken from Pop's at participating us restaurants.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila For a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo-hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.