
What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out bs.com.


The iHeartRadio Music Festival was a blast and Hyundai's EV lineup was there for every moment in Vegas, Hyundai took VIPs to the Speedway to test drive the 601 horsepower ionic five n. On Friday, the EV sessions winner was announced. Hyundai's music contest on TikTok the Twist. Their performances were all powered by the all electric Hyundai Ionic five. How cool is that? And after the show, fans got to check out the Hyundai dance floor at House of Music. Thanks again to Hyundai's amazing ev lineup. Learn more@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3.


The AI upscaling on the new Samsung Neo QLED and Ola TVs brings old content like from the seventies, eighties, nineties, and beyond into the future. So no matter how far back your shows are from, they'll look groovy baby and colors. In contrast, popping day or night with Glar free OLEDs and the Neo Q-L-E-D-A-K processors are awesome sauce. They make every detail look sweet. It's time to bring your TV watching into the future. Welcome to a new era of Samsung AI tv. Discover more@samsung.com. Upscale every moment upscaling. Utilizes AI based algorithms viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Take some time to take care of yourself and your family this fall. Shop in store or online and stock up on items from your favorite self-care and baby care brands. Now through November 5th, get great savings on self-care items like Dove antiperspirant. Depend underwear for men, Colgate toothpaste and poise pads. And for the little ones, stock up on Huggies Snug and dry diapers and Huggies little movers diapers. Offer ends November 5th. Promotions may vary, restrictions apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details


When you pull up to game night in the all new Camry. But it's actually bingo night mini 14 Mini golf. Anyone. It's a Camry vibe. The all new all hybrid Camry. Toyota, let's go places.


The Volume.


The NFL season is back and underway and the action is always hitting up on the field at the Draftking Sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draftking Sports Book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL All new customers. Now is your chance to get in all the football action. New customers bet just five bucks to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. So score big with Draftking Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Download the app today and use Cole Club five 20. That's right Cole Club. Five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in New Hampshire, Oregon and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


Alright man, we back another wonderful episode of Club five 20. I'm the host, my name is dj. Well same gang with me to my left my dog Bishop B he out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty cool and nasty. Let's get to it baby. Yeah, back to it fully recovered. I I see you know you came to work in uniform and everything. Yeah. Okay. I yeah. Appreciate it. Yeah it is time. You know what I mean? Running back the Hendricks experience outfit. Hey that's when you, it's time man. Hey when you had a good ass Tom that you run the fit back. That's how you know. Yeah, I just got out the cleaners this morning so you know we good to go. October 27th, Halloween badge six to 10, that's a Sunday and I'm gonna be giving out some money to the, you know motherfucker who come with the best Halloween costume.


Okay. That's what give him the white money at the Hendricks experience. Turn up. That's what we doing. It's how you know he getting too much money now nigga giving away money. And then the second place one I'm gonna give y'all, you know that'll be like a Diamond package. Your free diamond package for the next one. So yeah, we gonna do that. Turn me up. Damn that's better than the fantasy football results. Nah bro. Just show fuck with me. I you know I'm giving back. That's what I'm supposed to do. For sure, for sure. To my right. My dog Young Nacho young te how you up man? Chilling bro. Yeah I'm hating bro. You got to select. He's on today. I ain't even gonna let you introduce some 'cause I'm hating. You got to select he joined song. That's crazy. Yeah man shout out to my guy man. He showed love man. He sent me a package of some other stuff at the crib but we got the, the crock joints too. He's kind of fire to me but the New balances is hard.


So much love to bro. He send me the package I had to rock 'em probably get some pictures for the gram or whatever. Stir me up them. Them is tough. I like how everybody's embracing new balances like they should be, you know what I'm saying? New balances have been solid for a very long time period. But you got guys like Joe Fresh Goods, they be dropping heat every single year and them was tough man. It was tough. They my top five, I ain't gonna lie. You fuck with them tough like that. It my top five I know he be shit on 'em but for me I still, the at Gray 5 74 is still fired to me. It ain't something you should be wearing all the time. Nah but I'm fucking with it bro. The gray 5 74 and that gray nine 90 bro. Those are classic number. Those are classic silhouettes bro. Shout out to them man.


Shout out to them. He said I'm never wearing the fe lives with a 5 74. Nah bro. Yeah I don't that they cool bro. I don't know. I just nigga say silhouette I think of something else. Oh okay. He's a freak man. He a freak. Shout out to the silhouette challenge hell niggas down like that motherfucker body thing. They used to move downtown be like light man. Yeah need to move tired. Hurry me up. That being your influence is crazy. Hey man we gotta start off the show man. RIP the Ken baby tbo man. Man damn it's crazy man. Deek, it's so funny 'cause like obviously we know him from his playing days and shit like that but I always associate him with Team T 'cause I remember the year that y'all had the Mutombo and y'all was like the only people on earth who had 'em.


Everybody had them fucking shit. The whole squad had the Mutombo was hard Y Adidas back in the day bro. They was showing love. Miss my black and red joints. Yeah but shout out to Deke man. He was a good dude. I used to know him in Atlanta. He always showed love. He'd come in the locker room talk shit with us. Had a good time all the time but always smiling, always encouraging. He was cool as hell. Yeah you can tell like everybody fucked with him. Yeah but he always had good rapport with everybody and I mean and shit we always know on the court he wasn't no slouch, you know what I'm saying? One of the best defenders were protectors you could have. Yeah and mean I always laugh like when you see certain players in different areas at different times because like every time they have like Michael Jordan talking shit, the all-star game, it was like always with him but like Larry and, but I thought that was always dope that he was just always around even when he was with the Sixers.


Like he was still relevant going crazy for a while man. Nah people fuck with Deke man. He was, he was cool for sure. He had a couple of cold throwbacks back in the day too. That Hawk's throwback was fire and that Nuggets boy was raw. Yeah. Ah yeah bro he got that nuggets Navy one is nasty. I fuck with it. Sorry. Yeah shout out to tbo man. Even the one you can what I'm saying the what you call it the June jersey, the rainbow joint that motherfucker gets here too. Yeah, February and June. We can't keep that February. I love how we just make up our own shit. Niggas just rode with it. That's funny as hell. But nah, that he definitely got some crazy jerseys man. RIP man. Last but not least RIP John Amos. Did y'all look at y'all phones in the check, the picture I sent y'all?


Nah I ain't Please look, I am not looking. No please look what is it bro? What I'll show you run it. I'm not looking bro. Uhuh, I ain't laughing. Nobody dying. No it's not nobody. No it's not nobody. Nah I don't, I don't play it like that. Why you up there with the, just read the caption. Don't have to read the caption. Remember I put the pussy on bro. That's what she said. Nah you no you have to read it bro. What you was paralyzed? No, but she paralyzed too.


Yeah she outta pocket bro. Hey man, when John Amos Crack at that age is wild anyway Man she lying. I think it was like 85. She about let me who bro he was in the big three. I'm disrespect us like that bro. His kids must not be shit. They supposed to smack her bitch don't ever speak on my pops like that. Nah I ain't bro. I think what's crazy is, you know what I'm saying, like obviously not one day we all gonna have our time but the thing is hey when not done don't do no why show after I die up do not get on Facebook. Spilling secrets don't be making up shit. Well I mean sometimes if you in some pressure that book fucking gets ex stared from your feet up and come up. Its hard to get up out of there.


Nah bro, you old guys solve at that point don't bring my shit over so. And don't put no caption up like that. You give your R IP hands. She do that but she right. When a nigga finna spin up like a newborn shit you, you be stuck. What's wrong? Why she right that bro? She crazy. That's crazy bro. You can't do that to people bro. But RIP John Amos? Yeah man RIP Man Good times. Good times bro. I never watched Good Times. Bitch wait though, fuck you didn't watch Good Times? Nah, it's tough. Good Time was a classic show. Wait who was we the wife. Oh damn. That's what made me not like, you know I love all women Rock your hair how you supposed to but that little fro shit the Florida sro, she blew it for all of you.


What's worse the Florida Evans Pro or the Weby Pro Florida. We ain't gonna do Webster like that. Alright. Webster froze is iconic bro. Alright. That motherfucker Yeah it's Evan or Miss Winslow. What I'm nailing Miss Winslow you nailing Harry off the dribble like that. What? Putting her on the, y'all ever seen where the BLA brothers redid the good times when they had it with the neck? Motherfucking had that motherfucking neck. Man you like that nigga with no neck for real.


No. Yeah trash. That shit was funny. Who else was in there? But Jenna was in there. Right. Yo the time gun smoke for sure she was for sure gun smoke on that. And JJ you ever seen that video when Jenna was dancing on dude and she, they had him chain like he was locked up to the Yeah. Why I would've crashed out. I crashed out. What I told y'all boy what nigga she was going boy? Like that extreme shit boy don't turn Extreme shit is crazy. Extreme restraints X game C. Hey if y'all get bored Extreme restraints.


Hey what's crazy bar? I can't even blame you because Justin Timberlake crash out. That nigga liked her something but she showing her TTY to the world. Yeah that was crazy bro. But like bro, she's feeling on you typed in extreme restraints. No I was say bro that is wild about to be all type of wild shit. You got, you gotta search ow for shit like that. Yeah, yeah he said gun spoken. I'm like Judge Jackson was like 10 on good Times but it's okay. Yeah my shoes was, shoes was all Did he got new obligations? King Combs? I was not 10 on Good Times. She was older. No, she was like eight bro. The fact check is making it better. But he was young. He was young too. It's, I moved past, it was okay. King Combs, I told you you, you got new allegations. She like, she's like six. Dang. That's, that's like, but see no what I'm saying though. And she, she, I'm saying she grew up on the show but I'm saying that's like us talking about girls that was cute when we was younger bro.


That's what I'm saying. I understand we're on the same page. No I'm just no, no sm on your name. I just was like, I mean yeah I what I'm colos like you trying to though trying tried to. That should have been your first instincts nigga Instinct weak as shit that he like now looking at her like damn that bitch in fourth grade, this nigga here looking at her outta pocket nigga all the fuck outta here. That's what the internet was gonna do to you. I'm trying to help you out. Nah, they all need details. We talk about no when she grew up God, when Deborah Yeah Sirki, that's it. Know I have a song for y'all a little bit. I can't think of that Slow Jamiah used to bump Janet that was cold.


Nah, matter of fact I can't think of the name of her and Busta Rhymes had a classic. Ooh, when make, when I make yo body Oh yeah you gonna make yo body wet. What's it gonna be? What's it going be? Oh that song was smart, crazy. Oh whoever produced that. God bless you. That motherfucker was, Janet made a Bopper with got a song with Qip. I fuck with too. Damn. Oh no. Damn. Did Q-tip die? No you gotta quit killing niggas. He is just fine. All bro. Y'all know Q-tip might be outta here bro. Oh that's never RP. Moving on.


Shout to fuck Q. This Qip is a wild name too. Just, just let me fuck with it for a minute. That's what he said on that song? Yeah. Ah damn I gotta play that song Lee. I've never heard that song. You never heard that song? No. You seen speaking about music since we all here your boy dj. That's why we pod early. DJ gotta make his appearance. The soldier? Yes sir. Big the I had fuck with one time. Alright. IP to the Soldier boy. Woo The that's why got oh my.


Y'all just kill niggas today Q so spoiled. Kevin. We can't speak my soldier boy. Spin up watch me Cricket. We got four Soldier or Ludacris. Ludacris bro. Ludic but Lu don't disrespect big Soldier like that. Like he don't, he don't have hits. What was your favorite Soldier Boy song? Which one you gonna sing? Pause tonight? I'm not gonna probably sing it but he definitely gonna hit that. No, what's funny? That motherfucker has a Vogue. I wanna be in the balcony.


Just that shit probably gonna be funny as fuck. Hey I'm just excited to see what niggas gonna wear it man. I hope people dress like the wear the dig dumb ass T-shirts. The the fuck. That's gonna be a good ass time man. But that's not fair to compare to Ludacris and Ludacris definitely has Soldier think he got more hits than Luda bro. Man he probably thinks that Drake stole his whole flow. Hey well my nigga Soldier was running around the press one with that same white dirty Gucci headband. That's when he was a goat bro. That's when I, I was like all right soldier boy. He back. Wait that was your official Yeah. To try steal? Yeah I was like I fuck with Soldier. He the Bobby Browner rap for sure. Excuse me, soldier boy. A Bobby Brown a rap bro crashing out bro.


He a beanbag. Shit. That's a great comparison. The narrative for real. Oh no he ain't have a Whitney though. Longevity too though. He ain't have a Whitney. He definitely didn't have a Whitney. Damn. He definitely didn't have no Whitney. He had what? Well he had the Whitney nevermind Whitney ain't gonna say her name with the pod but shout to Teddy Riley family. He had Cat Stacks. They don't count. Oh Cat Stacks og. What happened to Cat Stacks? She probably clocked in. Well she started snitching on him when he hit the cane in the room. Yeah, I ain't heard of her since. Damn I ain't know he was on. I ain't know he tapped that. Oh she had recorded the video. Ah she weak. She weak for that. He had just hit that cane. Nigga finna tear a new one.


She posted it. Shout he hit that pre-workout. I was about to get at, he had that one song that just recently came out. You was playing for the show after the TikTok? Yeah, that she, that she make the clip. That's gonna probably go crazy. Yeah, that's gonna be fun just because of that time period was crazy And it like you said, it might get spooky if he come in there and not like embrace that. I feel like he is though. 'cause he know he a legacy act at this point. Yeah, yeah for sure. Yeah. Told you the soldier is still popping in on niggas tour dates and giving him, he just did the show with Drusky and them in Atlanta. Oh I know it probably went crazy but that, I wish I was there if that could have been shit bro. Drusky brought everybody out bro. I wish I the franchise boys. That's hard. What's the nigga DJ unc everybody Damn DJ unc swear to God.


I remember he had one of my, the most memorable episodes of MTV Chris to me because I was like that nigga live in Crook Creek like how he get on the show. That nigga had do slap that two step remixes my shit with T Payne. Oh my Lord. Oh T Payne that's one of the hardest Colle like his verse on there. He might wanna have the hardest features ever bro. Yes bro. I yeah you that nigga started going crazy. T Payne, he still pay and obviously he been great for a long time but that four year run he had like when we was in high school when the cop was crazy T Payne? Hell yeah T Payne he he came out solo then he start doing his features then he start hopping on other people's shit bro.


T Payne is for sure 20. What's his greatest feature like collab song that he did with anybody. Damn that's tough. Shoddy Plus Nah you know what's crazy? All knew all you what's crazy? All I knew was win with DJ Khaled. I know that was a you out of pocket but I agree that that's the biggest, I said the biggest. Yeah gotta do the number shit I'm saying fuck with. I ain't going about that ain't the best. But he was gonna find a way to plug call because we ain't heard from the nigga. But I, I respect it. Hold the brand down. Shoty is the Shoty the best song. We know what's crazy. That was Weby song. Damn. Yeah my numbers wise it was Kiss Kiss or Chris Brown. You want that love at numbers wise the kiss, kiss, kiss, kiss is bigger than all I do is win. Wow.


Numbers wise. Yeah that's good to know. I didn't know that. Which is crazy because that song is licensed everywhere in the world. But it's still Chris Brown. That's where niggas be having to fucked up. Yeah he's a, you know Chris Brown also since we there, it's the only artist you know. No Usher, no Beyonce, no Michael Jackson in this century to you know top the charge hype was dead. I'm just saying just want you to know that Michael wasn't alive. What do you mean he's been dead? I'm just saying like it don't matter. Like that nigga live long enough so Chris Brown tell me that he live long enough is crazy. I'm just saying Chris Brown Time here my nigga nigga only, only artist of this century to top the charts to Hop Crack the hundred.


You know I mean hey man most times ever bro shout to Chris Brown but nah the nah T-Pain is TPA Hooks is crazy. Yeah, I don't know about what'd you say for the greatest TPA plus S Shoddy. Shoddy was our ass hook but I don't know if it's a bad, it's one of the favorites for short because damn he was on a Kanye song with good welcome to a good lie. Nah you keep that one. That one was hard. It's a, it's hard but you keep it fuck with Jay-Z I had to tap in. We can move on though. I'll come back to it with Jay-Z and Kanye. Yeah go hard, go hard. Aw nah that's not I'll protect the Mayback music.


Three joint over that. Yeah, nah not over go hard bro. His verse go hard was crazy but I respect your opinion though bro though. Yeah my man shout out to cpa. Hey I got a media day, you know what I'm saying? NBA is officially back just kicked off this week. I was just looking at randoms stuff. And, we know what's crazy. This is year 17 for K like as much we talk about how many years LeBron has been the league bro. Katie year 17 and still being elite. It should be talked about a lot more. I'm sorry, I told her I paid for Did you? Nah that's what Ply said shit. Hey honestly he started off with rap song one the nigga started off soon as I seen this. He put your name DJ miss you, your legacy.


This nigga talking about paying for the coochie room. No I'm just saying. My nigga said right after your your flyer he killed up. Lemme find out saying I just saying he kind of killed that shit all lot paying for a year. Crazy. Imagine KD but shout out to kd. What? I said year 17. Yeah that's a, that's a lot of buckets bro. That's a lot of years to be doing what we've been doing for a long. Anybody else in that draft still in the league today? Shit, that is a good question. Westbrook. Westbrook, he wasn't in that draft. He was a year after this. Say he is 16 year 16. Yeah. KD is 17.


Yeah, KD year 17. Kyle Lowry 18. Mike Conley, Mike Conley in that baby Kyle Horford 17 Mike. Damn. Damn. Shout to Mike. Here you go. Some legend. KD it's 19 for Chris Ball Got damn p damn. Damn damn He about to get a 20 plus. That's that's dope bro. And some of the footage they've been showing, I mean we'll talk about it more the Spurse camp like when I'm saying like we said that the perfect person to be with Wi Me but damn 1920. That's crazy. Nigga's been in the league that long, man he only got six foot guard playing 20 years. Him and Mike playing that long at that size under the real bro. Man that's, that's, that's special. It's still effective and still Yeah putting Imprint on the game for sure.


I I wanted to ask y'all this while we just looking at random shit. At what year do you think Victor win is gonna get his first ring? Because I don't think it's gonna be a, if with him I think it's just win. I ain't gonna hold you. He's going, he got about year seven eight. I'm probably be taking two B shoes bro. By the time he one I ain't gonna lie. He got about seven, eight bro. Well it's over with boy. Damn y'all think you said the two Bluetooth is crazy because double company that is nuts but damn y'all think y'all don't think Quimby gonna get it Man. Not no time soon. That's surrounding cash boy. That motherfucker week. Oh well obviously we know that's gonna change. That's why I said I give it maybe five year seven for him bro.


You think he gonna win in year five? I think we year five, year six at the latest. Who who? The who? They got over there bro. Who going there? That's what I'm saying bro. If they don't put him around, nobody bro, by that time period bro they're wasting him because by year by then bro he's gonna be unstoppable bro. He's never gonna be a sure thing to win. Yeah, CP only went there 'cause he said he wanted to play still. For sure he gonna be unstoppable this year but taking that nigga to the ship. Well how the league is getting with these teams bro. Absolutely not. Nah, absolutely not bro. You gonna have toll. I I'll, I'll stand on that ledge man. I think by year six he gonna have a ring bro. They tre they gonna have to go get, I don't even know who gonna be available about that time.


But you don't think it'd be in a league? I mean we, we ain't gonna no seem serious. You don't think the league would want that? They don't think they want him to be. Yeah they do bro. But but don't nobody want go San Antonio. Yeah that's the stigma. Like it is pop. Oh quiet bro. Pop Pop won't be there. Yeah Pop. Yeah Pop respectful. T asked for a lot bro. I think that nigga about to really dominate. I think he about to fuck the league up for sure. Oh I think he is too. I think he could. I think he got a chance for compete. He gonna kill compete this year to be honest. Yeah he going to kill quiet for the shit he damn near can with MVP this year because he don't average 20 fuck plus 10 rebounds probably five blocks. MVP they gotta be like top four in the west. I think the Spurs ain't gonna be top four but I think they gonna make the playoffs that's for sure not top four.


I think they'll make the playoffs though. If they get to the seventh, sixth or seventh C in the in the west he might win MVP. Nah because they rosters ass. But you know how mad niggas would be if a seven CMVP. Why? Yeah ain't no denying it. You can't deny it. Yeah you know they be on that was like well he was on a Thursday, he get a seven A seven CVP. It's crazy because he gonna have to be doing some extreme shit every single game to make them win bro. They roster is pool and I ain't trying discredit none of the players y'all shit y'all better than me But that roster compared to other teams rosters y'all right. That's what we doing. Hey man, if that organization don't put nothing competent behind him in the first couple years, free him.


That's crazy. When your second player is I see people out almost 40. Yeah when your second best player is almost 40 and your point guard you ain't gonna have you in trouble and CP a legend you can go he all star hall of famer, all that. But it's a lot of pressure to put on him. So for him to get them to the playoffs, you know he was special. Did he do that shit? He get my vote. DJ jumped off a ledge with that one I did all boy I think he's about to really like take the, like the building outside for sure. Ain't shit over there. Check DJ veins for the fence. The real fence.


I lost my dog to that fitting now Jeff. Alright, don't start west side. Don't do it bro. Pissed at me. I lost my dog. So that's in spot. RIP man RIP Gotti. You crazy man. Obviously we seen the Laker shit I thought was very fire to see LeBron and bro on stage like that. Especially when they had the the different camera angles that both seen they jerseys like they names. That's, that was fire as fuck to me. The James and James Jr. Shit. Yeah, that's he man I fuck with that moment. Even though it really don't feel like a lot of ways other people. I fuck with that. That nigga got, he accomplished everything. He couldn't lead. I, I fucked with LeBron. I fucked with that whole moment.


Only thing I didn't feel, I was like, he said when he was like five year five, five years old, he seen the nigga and was like, yeah he going to the league like stop Hunter. I I I love y'all to death bro. I love y'all whole family but bro it's not good unless we get a good LeBron line. What, what made, what made that official for me that statement? It's his son looking like, oh shit. Yeah like, like nigga I wasn't even the best on the team. Brody's response was what did it for me. Like no this nigga is Cap on this pops you did not Teeka I was gonna my first time on camera. You gonna put me in this or gimme me some pre-media training nigga, let me know what you going to do so I can play off of it.


I remember we used to play them like he was de the last, I see him grow as a player and he became a lot better but like re the Mohawk re Shepherd and them used to destroy him. Oh for sure. But they had like, what's the kid Gabe Cup? Yeah, yeah, Gabe. Oh they they had loaded Yeah as they got an older nigga Mikey started fucking with him. I forgot the little dude that went to off to school to play football. They had Mike that was in Chicago when they was little big Ja. Yeah, I mean not big Ja but yeah they had Ja too but that was later on. Yeah they had, that was like seventh grade when he started starting to get a little notice. Yeah. Now when he got to seventh, eighth grade it was. Yeah. Alright. Now if he would've said the practice at his June. Yeah. If he would've been like seventh, eighth grade I seen it, I would've been like, okay I feel that.


I feel you but fifth like five years. No, no, no, no. That's cool man. Shout out to you bro. I love that LeBron just give us a good lie every time you talk bro. Yeah. You know out to him every, you talking about that nigga how that nigga be reading books. Have you ever seen that video of that nigga reading the book? The fastest book? He says, bro, bro, bro, shout out whatever. Not make this the fucking thumbnail. No do not. No please. They talk about I'm sick. Matter of fact use Victor. Yeah. Shit. Do not put LeBron thumbnail bro. God damn. We've turned to the LeBron Vintage.


I know. Like we love LeBron over here but shit, we ain't even get a LeBron Heney bottle yet. So Yeah be can't yet. It can't be every thumbnail bro. Fuck motherfucker say, Hey man, we thought that nigga was gonna be on the show. Fuck with y'all niggas that nigga we, we pray every thumbnail is bro. Yeah but for yeah we won't Brian Notebook, you know that shit get wicked. We know how it go. Yeah. For real business and sisters. But we gonna talk about my patience too. Hey, shout my boy Tyre. You know what I'm saying? Out there getting wicked in the dress shoes. This one we need a bartender so I could take a break. Nah, I, I seen him dressing had the dress shoes on. He all in on that shit. Yeah. Wearing the church shoes. Him and YG do that right?


Yeah. Well yeah, for different reasons. Oh okay. Just respect. Damn you about to get some Stacey Adams. Stacey Adams did. Oh that's crazy. Yeah, the Harold Penn sponsorship nigga. He go get a KG commercial dicks nigga. I mean he, he definitely be wearing the the soldier boy dress clothes. My boy being an eight x blazer for sure. That's crazy man. I fuck with his movement though. Like I like he got his own little vibe to him. He fit Indiana. Yeah. That's the only place you can get that shit off. For real. We embrace shit like that. Niggas going to Soldier Boy tonight bro. What the fuck?


Soldier Tyrese gonna be in there when that niggas gonna be right next to tour right now. Respect my nigga. Nah, no disrespecting soldier boy. I'm just saying we embrace like hey big soldier be on the internet. I fuck with soldier. Give a fuck. I fuck with Soldier boy. I'm just saying like in Indiana who big so good in the hood. Got his soldier. Boy hey go at these niggas. No now that's your nigga niggas man. Y'all was an at o kicking it. Now you claim now. That's crazy. Nah, shout to Tyrese. I fuck with boy. I like I told you at that era, I'll fuck with that. I had big s t-shirts.


Soldier Boy's a legend. But he don't. But it is gonna be funny 'cause he not gonna be dressed like that. Nah, that nigga gonna have on a whole Gucci slip. Fit performance. Oh No. What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play. You turn on that switch. No one can stop you for more. Check out bs.com.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I like it too. This is a perfect thing. Billy Kansas State is being overlooked because of what happened at BYU. Mike Gundy is, is a snot head. His perm is finally catching up to him. They lost at home to Utah. It's another one I like. Will Howard, you know he's the quarterback at Kansas State. He's not there anymore. He was last year. Will Howard used to be the quarterback at Kansas State. Now it's a guy with long hair. Right? His name is Avery Johnson. Avery Johnson. Yeah. He used to coach Alabama. Now he's the quarterback now he's the cornerback at Kansas State.


I love the the Kansas State Purple Wildcat Wildcats there. It's, and this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Oh. Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup Dave. I know, right? I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. Oh no, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room. Limes.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard To install. No, It was easy. Even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You fly across the country to do the install. Nope. blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look At you. A Hall of Fame son. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Oh Blinds.com is the goat. The goat Shop the blinds.com primetime kickoff event happening now and save up to 50% off select styles. Plus Doorbusters up to 50% off@blinds.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Take some time to take care of yourself and your family this fall. Shop in store or online and stock up on items from your favorite self-care and baby care brands. Now through November 5th. Get great savings on self-care items like Dove antiperspirant. Depend underwear for men, Colgate toothpaste and poise pads. And for the little ones, stock up on Huggies Snug and dry diapers and Huggies little movers diapers. Offer ends November 5th. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. Everybody needs some variety in life. That's what I love about Chumba Casino. They know how to keep things fresh and exciting. All their games are free to play. Like spin slots, bingo and solitaire. You can claim free daily login bonuses too. And they release new games every week. So spice things up with chumba casino.com now for your chance to redeem some serious prizes sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Hey, speaking of big T-shirts, shout out to, I forgot that name but shout to the clipping up UN Old school diet versus UNC. My boy out there in the three XT hooping. I seen that I was busting they ass. Yeah. Matter of fact I'm talking about hooping. Y'all niggas quit tagging me with this John Jackson. That nigga can't play basketball. I don't respond to that kind of shit. That nigga is terrible at basketball. I'm getting dm. I'm like I know his shit crazy. Yeah they keep say something about Deshaun Jackson. Nigga I tried to play him 15. What was that, 15 years ago? Yeah, Josh tried to line that shit up. Oh. And that nigga didn't wanna play. That's what y'all not on clip. And that's what niggas didn't tell Lou and Spank on the show.


Alright. It is, it is. He been ducking smoke for that long. I mean shit he, he just started talking shit I can hoop. I can hoop. I wasn't even there. He was, he was at a strip club. He like I can hoop my nigga smooth. Funny as hell. Called me on the side like I'm gassing this nigga. This gonna be the easiest 50 k you ever made in your life. I'm a front it. I'm gonna give you 25. I get 25, go to the gym. I'm like, who am I about to play? He was like football nigga. He sad. Put my clothes on, got in the car. He called me back like man he scared he ain't gonna play. He scared. And I heard him just talking shit like, man you scared. What? You ain't got the money? What's up? What's up? And he was like, no, no, nah. Then Lou Lou was there.


Lou called me. He was like nah, one of them niggas told him that you really can hoop. This nigga didn't know who you was and that nigga just talking. Oh yeah. Damn that nigga that's, that's the real put that on your shit. Yeah that nigga just, he just talking. And then when I dmd him like you on bet. You know how a nigga tried to talk shit. Like Yeah what's up nigga? I I'll bust your ass. And I was like all right let's, let's bet like you said you could beat me. Let's bet money you can beat me. Then it went from beating me to I could score on you. Yeah. Shit change nigga I don't give a fuck about you scoring nigga. And he said this nigga never said that he could fuck with you on the football field because I don't talk football don't move, don't move the goalpost. We fuck with dj.


DJ is motherfucking legend in the NFL. Yeah for sure. But niggas would just be getting out pocket and getting sideways on this shit. Yeah because he was out of pocket like and outta all the niggas names you could call, you gonna call a nigga. Well you know call me. But I hiding the shit. I knew what it, it makes sense. It didn't make me mad though. It make me laugh. Yeah because that nigga said let's do it for content. That's when I was like, ah C oe let's do it for content Louis. I said do it for content. Ah content. He wanted you to do the yeah let's play, let's play for content. He, you know niggas too tapped in with that WWCW shit.


You what I mean said let's do it for content respect. I don't know. We do content shit. But nah you, you called my name out like it was like I was bro and I just, my only thing is too, you know and the football niggas, they gonna talk they shit 'cause they used to hoop. It was just when he just used you as an example of why he could play minutes in the NBA. Yeah I'm sleep. That's what had me tight. I'm like bro Yeah you getting out pocket now. Yeah I'm, I'm, I'm probably not the best example for that. Yeah And shout out to my nigga Lou. I make it look like I ain't care but niggas knew like I ain't doing that. That's why when I seen the highlight of North Car like nigga you wouldn't have score 10 on North Carolina.


Ty Law locking that shit up nigga you sweet. That's why shit like that just make me laugh. But he be like cool but in his respectful, I mean his sport, he was cold I guess. Hell yeah. Hell I wasn't really tell him hell nah. Just trying to Jackson me. Nah, I wish I had to see them twice a year. Yeah bro. Nah, he hall in Fame nigga bro. Yeah, a hundred percent maybe Hella plays. He was one of the best downfield. Yeah he was like that for sure. Yeah. I I ain't really watching up there in touchdowns and, and shit. I heard things about him though. One of the fastest niggas to ever Grace that field. A hundred percent. Yeah. Fuck the Eagles off. Yeah but hey I gotta ask you, you know what I'm saying, Susan Young, that that was your highest scoring game. What was your like best college game be your favorite college game? That was a cool game. 'cause of so many pros was on that team. They had Ed Davis, Ty Wayne, Danny Green, Tyler Harris, bro, Danny Green.


They had, I think Tyler Zeller was on the bench. I think he was bro he was, yeah they had, they had a bunch of pros on that team so that was cool to play against them. But my, my favorite game was probably Duke my freshman year we played Duke. They was number one in the country. And. we, we was sad we weren't sad but we weren't ranked And. we ended up beating them and me and James Buffet had 26. Damn y'all beat them at Wake. At Wake and they rushed the floor and shit. That was like the first time that we got like some real recognition. Oh yeah that was, that was hard nigga James was motherfucker issue boy. Yeah well that Duke team was nasty.


Nolan and nigga I really Cal, Cal Singer's one of the greatest college basketball players I've seen a hundred percent bro. Unfortunately I can second that testimony 'cause of what he did to us and that, you know what I mean? Even when bro killed UNC, Wayne Ellington was that nigga in college bro. Yeah. Wayne Facts, Wayne was nice too. Facts they won Chip so shout out to Wayne. Yeah. Yeah they was nice. That's what they was saying. They was just like man we lost that game but I'm happy that season went any other way. Yeah, yeah. Nah we they was that year was a good year. I had a bunch of 30 point games that year. Yeah. We played Jennifer dead. He gave us 30 but I had 30 and see niggas. That's what I'm saying how this podcast, this is how crazy the internet is. This niggas really don't be tapped in the hoops you don't talk about yourself.


I get that. But nigga the A CC was tough nigga, nigga. Everybody was in that motherfucker bro. Yeah it was cold. It was crazy. So you wasn't playing motherfucking shout to these in the smaller conferences and shit. But that was a big deal. The a CC was in the Big East was the shit back when we was growing up. Nah, that was some shit bro. I ain't gonna lie. Every game we played a pro. Damn there somebody was going to the league. Even like Virginia Tech. I remember they beat us when we was number one in the country. They had Malcolm Delaney. Yep. Yeah, that niggas talk shit too. Shout out to him though. He could hoop but yeah it was a battle. He killed y'all. I don't remember. I just had an attitude that game. I think I, I still probably had like 27 or something like that but damn. Nah, I just had a, because one time like I wasn't shooting that game.


They thought it was point shaven. So I had got called in the office for point shaven. Oh Lord. Niggas called you Blue Chips 'cause you weren't shooting the ball. Yeah, we, our team was crazy so. Oh we know, you know we just be having attitudes. People said I was, I was back on this 30 point run. I was getting 30 like every game and I started getting segments where it was like Jeff t like on ESPN it just be my name. And like they was like Scott Van Pel, I'll never forget. He was like, this kid is crazy. Like, you know what I mean? I was killing. Yeah. Niggas weren't fucking with that shit. Niggas, you know what I, the team ate. Yeah. Niggas fucking with that 2K win nigga.


They were fucking with that. I'm like ah shit. So I just stopped shooting. Now you see how the temptations treated David Russell? Yeah. I, and y'all know I wasn't one of them niggas that wanted to beat us. I yeah. I was just doing me, I ain't really want that. I wanted to win and I wanted the guys like I wasn't thinking about the NBA so it just became a thing and niggas was just, they was off that. That's when the team chemistry just went downhill. Yeah, that's niggas was not trying to hop on that tee. Why nigga what about me was crazy? Knew it was crazy because that game, shout to my nigga Harvey. I had started hooping. I started playing. Yeah. And. we had a break and it was like he could have gave a ball to me or James or something.


This is how I knew our team was just getting fucked up and he kept it and got charged like to decide the game. He, the ball got a charge nigga everybody like doing. And that's when it just went downhill. It was just a bad day. Harvey gotta crack you. Right. Harvey, after that game it was over bro. We just, we just was sad. We was what like 19 and Oh yeah. Where y'all was killing slump. It all makes sense. Yeah That shit I been telling you how important that team locker room is bro. That shit matters bro. I can't wait till we here. We talk about that one. That shit. What's so funny?


The fuck And, we don't get James on this year. He's doing enough for this podcast in a 30 minute span. Oh God. Anybody other guests has had facts. I wish. I'm funny though. I, I laugh at the highlights of the USC because then we be playing I see like ld like trailing hell looking like Jack what up? Nope. And now as a point guard as I got older, I was, that's why I wanted to talk about that too because as a point guard when I got older I realized like what kind of player I was, I was fucked up. Like it was a lot of times like I could've threw lives to Alpha Rule, threw it behind me, they would've got a dunk and it probably would've rose to king team chemistry. But yeah, I was such a scorer at that time that like nigga when I seen a bucket I got a bucket.


Like so when I get to the league I, that's why I tell you like if you get handed the ball as soon as you come in the league, people careers could be different. 'cause I was such a bucket getter. If somebody would've gave me the ball soon as I came from Wake Forest, I probably would've averaged 18 to 20 points. You know, I mean as a rookie. 'cause my mindset was so like that. But to get on the floor in the NBA, they told me I had to play defense and run to the corner and I just wanted to play. So after a while you kind of lose that. You just do whatever you can to stay on the floor. Yeah. And you lose that killer instinct. 'cause nigga I was in college. Oh my god. Yeah. I try to score on anybody. I thought I was the best scorer in the world. Like when I first got to the league, I used to be like, this shit's so easy.


Woody killed me. So yeah, you un blessed like dang and poor. Nah, none of them like, like you said, the new guards, they get the keys to the kingdom now. Yeah, yeah for sure. It's your job to fuck up for three years. Yeah, for sure. I wish I would've had that opportunity with that mindset. Like I mean my NBA well you, you, yeah you had a, a great career for short bro. But sure you would be a different nigga if they would've gave me the ball and let and say look, just do do what you did Max deal te man what I, 'cause I I didn't even have a conscience bro. Y'all see I was pulling threes on fast breaks. Yeah that shit was so funny because I was like he ain't even nope, nope I pulling the threes on. I had, I didn't have a conscience like I What'd your coach say when you shot that?


Nothing. I used to make it all the time. Like 40 something from three 50 from the field I used didn't really miss my confidence was so high but when you got to the league, Woody just took all that shit like nah you transitioned. Well bro, I'm sure that was hard for you to do but shit, my niggas ain't able to do that. Ah shit. I wasn't fuck. I was like this shit is ass nigga right to the corner passing a ball. Ugh. And then when they say you could get this amount of money if you do this. That's what fucked me up. Mm. Like it was all you, all we need you to do is average this and this and you can get that. And then I started playing the numbers game. It wasn't no more like the love I want to kill.


It was like they said 14 and five. 14 five. I got 14 five, we won. You know what I mean? Instead like, but that's the kind of, you know you had all them people on our team so it's cool he made it work, whatever. So hell of a breakdown of basketball. Let niggas know they can't play with your name Man. Get well soon on d the big picture of this is don't beat Tee in 2008 in 2009. If you're a point guard. Don't don't all that great shit. You, you got some more killers on your team. Let the killer eat too. Yeah man. Finish. Do not finish the 3 0 1 by yourself. Yes bro.


Alive bro. And if you are LD or Harvey nigga Jordan football team. My fault man. I was one was so crazy like you could tell he was full stride and Jeff didn't even look that way nigga. I did a, I did a double clutch layup one time. Nigga. A difficult ass layup. Yeah, I coulda just laid it off to a nigga. I did a See that's why dude was like, yeah he with them. He, oh man I should have been a better tee. I I, I wasn't, I wasn't a point guard ish. Was ish was the point guard. I was a two. It was, yeah I was the two. They told me to get buckets.


Shout out to Ish for whole shit down man being that solid locker room nigga y'all Martin Luther King in the locker room ish would've threw that lo they told me get buckets man. It's a good nigga like you said with Norris Cole. Oh I wasn't even thought about throwing that show. I woulda shot that lay facts for sure. Hey, I had to ask her this. So we had a project pet conversation, a couple, you know what I'm saying, episodes back y'all's outta pocket. My boy just got ordained. He's an official minister now. You know what I'm saying? Be here. He looking for a church drummer. You pulling up for sure. Who is, you know Project Pat. Ah, I'm big on Project Pat, you know what I mean? Like playing Guy name now. Nah, we gonna do it because you get cleaned up. You able to do it bro. It's okay bro. It is. He probably gonna slow walk him in the church. He ain't getting up there and get the clowning, you know what I mean?


He ain't, he ain't got that towel yet. So, but if he decides slow walker than there, if he decides one Sunday morning that he wants to, you know what I'm saying? Have cheese bro. That's his sermon then I crazy. I'm in the, I'm in the transfer portal churches I'm, and I think he's more like to me preachers are supposed to be for real motivational speakers. He done been through so much bro. I feel like he's can help in my face talking this and that. Yeah. He can talk about how to handle ho everything bro clean. But gas, they got no decent shoes. Had us calling chicks, chicken, just the meat up bro. And, we don know what you talking about. Yeah. Ain't them waiting.


Who else got a back and forth conversation with a lady on the song and they said b. Oh God, that shit was hard. You know, I mean, so shout out to Project man, slow walking to that ministry bro. That's a tough, you enter in a different lane. My boy keeping, speaking of walking the ministry bro. AJ Griffin? Yeah, AJ Griffin stuck. Said we, we didn't know why he was step away from basketball, but he said, you know what I'm saying, spiritual. Oh thank God. I thought it was some hell shit. That's cool. Yeah, he said a temptation of that life. He wasn't feeling it. He was like he wanted to be with God. Boy, I respect that. Like you said, I, I obviously as when we see stuff like that, we think worst case scenario unfortunately, but I was relieved, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. For that reason rather than something else.


So yeah. I mean my thing was like, I mean, if he wanted to go be a pastor or whatever, but my thing was like, damn, you could still have that kind of faith and do all that and still play basketball. Yeah. What, what city was he in? Atlanta. My boy said he, he couldn't win that battle bro. He could've though. I mean flesh ain't strong enough bro. I think, I think it's a culture thing. I think 'cause it's, it's a, it's expectations. When you black and you play basketball, people will assume that you gonna live this kind of lifestyle because none of our white counterparts that hoop, nobody say that about them. Like they live a easy going, I watch Kyle Quiver, go to church, read his Bible, do all that stuff and just be solid. Fair, fair to what you saying though bro. But everybody discipline is different though. Nah, I'm not saying that ain't, but if you going to be a pastor, you got some discipline.


My man like, well he saw Mark Jackson said I I don't wanna go that route. Yeah, but I'm saying it just, it just depends though bro. I'm not just 'cause you wanna be a pastor 'cause a lot of them motherfuckers is filthy. A lot of these niggas is counter. That's my whole counter. That's my, that's my whole point just because you going in there. But I, I think people forget the sport of basketball. Yeah. You still, this is a sport. I agree. You love to do something. You love to play. I ain't saying that. You can't. Yeah, go be a pastor and do that. It's just a sport. People put the other stuff on it. Like most of them probably was hooping bro. You good. What position Moses play Power forward. He said good picks, motherfuck, screaming.


Wrong nigga. No car nigga. He said he definitely said the good screen. You hear me? So, and I agree with Jeff. I mean you can but he was probably like this shit too much. I gotta step away because what comes with being a professional athlete living in Atlanta, you probably like damn. Nah I get it. I, I understand the temptation it, it got me a couple times but what I'm saying is like if you going to be a pastor, your discipline gonna be different anyway. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? And, if you really good at playing basketball and something you truly enjoy, I'm sure he truly enjoys hooping. I'm sure he is probably still gonna hoop in rec leagues or whatever but like damn, don't give up the dream. Like and you can still do both. I feel like he coulda did both and you a decent player bro.


Ah shit. But ain't no telling though. He might need to step away for some time to get that in order. Then he might come back. Like you said he 20 years old. You think it's when you step away. So. Yeah. So shit bro, go be with the Lord bro. What job Moran say stay over there bro. If he come the next they're like nah. Oh man, nah. Did you like Jesus come back? Nah it ain't. Nah bro. Y know I'm a stabbed man. I'm just saying John stabbed him bro. Stay over there bro. Shout to John Marre. My boy had to go media today. It's up. Yeah, AJ Griffin ain't Jordan bro. You can't leave and come back bro and figure out that really was for you.


Nah man you can't mace that thing bro. Nah, it's over with. Not in the league. You can't mace it bro. Nah. Damn man, that's crazy. Get Wilson with AJ man. Listen man, we love y'all about to get up outta here. Be here and tell the people they grab some merch@shopquailtwenty.com Baby we outta here. The. Volume,


What's popping and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you for more. Check out bose.com.


The AI upscaling on the new Samsung Neo QLED and Ole TVs brings old content like from the seventies, eighties, nineties and beyond into the future. So no matter how far back your shows are from Dilla Groovy Baby and colors and contrast popping day or night with Glar free OLEDs and the Neo QLED AK processors are awesome sauce. They make every detail look sweet. It's time to bring your TV watching into the future. Welcome to a new era of Samsung AI tv. Discover more@samsung.com. Upscale every moment upscaling. Utilizes AI based algorithms viewing experience may very according to types of content and format


Everybody vibes with the all new Camry. With a four mode drive switch, you're in total control of your ride hall of Fame. Point guards don't have this level of control and the Camry's got the flash the match we're talking available. 19 inch multis spoke alloy wheels and chrome dual tipped exhaust. This is the complete package. There are no weaknesses in the Camry's game. And because every all new Camry is a hybrid, it's fuel efficiency is a difference maker for your wallet. Whatever your vibe, it's a Camry vibe. Learn more at toyota.com/camry.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Take some time to take care of yourself and your family this fall. Shop in store or online and stock up on items from your favorite self-care and baby care brands. Now through November 5th. Get great savings on self-care items like Dove antiperspirant. Depend underwear for men, Colgate toothpaste and poise pads. And for the little ones, stock up on Huggies Snug and dry diapers and Huggies little movers diapers. Offer ends November 5th. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


It can get lonely climbing Mount McKinley. So to entertain myself, I go to chumba casino.com. At Chumba Casino, I could play hundreds of online casino style games for free, like online slots, bingo, Slingo, and more. Plus I get a daily login bonus. It's just too bad that up here I don't have anyone to share my excitement with. Woo-hoo Woo-hoo Chumba. Live the Tumba life anytime, anywhere. Play for free now@tempacasino.com. btw group. No purchase necessary void, prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus.