
Man, listen, traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staring the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah. Traveling sometimes when they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, spots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier For sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified. Ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man. It was perfect. Out to Airbnb, how you feel about the tea. The food Was nasty, But Airbnb was great.


The Volume


This summer Hennessy encourages you to shake things up and explore new possibilities. In partnership with some of their friends and family, Hennessy is putting their twist on some of your favorite cocktails, including the margarita, the berry mojito. These fresh cocktails will turn your next gathering into something more. Set things off with the Hennessy Margarita. A squeeze of fresh lime juice and a bit of agave syrup. Topped off with ice and a salted rim. Mix it, shake it, poured, and enjoy. Hennessy, Hennessy made for more. Please enjoy Hennessy responsibly 21 and over only.


Alright, we back. You know what it is. Club five 20 podcast special edition. Shout out to Hennessy for the love. We live in a world famous Dres, Las Vegas Nevada special, special guest. We got a legend sitting to my left. We gonna introduce my man's last, but to my far left, we got my dog, Bishop B. He out the Pearl East. How you what? Nasty. Cool, Nasty. We live P. Yes sir. We live. Chill out P We live baby. What's wrong with you man? A ticket. I know you, you know what I'm saying? You, you a shoe aficionado. Have you ever seen the Black Forces with the white Lac before? Nah, I ain't, I ain't seen that one. I ain't seen that one just yet. I got two 16. 15, 15? Yep. I got you bro.


Okay. Say less. Yeah. You app, you App Force one guy For sure. Gotcha. Sure. Air Force One guy. Okay. Okay. That's what's up. And your style of play. This is very fitting for sure. The, the demon in you, the barking in you, the dog in you Air Force One White license. She she wore those bro. She was a Air Force. One guy. She Wore the ones that came up here. Yeah, that's for ankles and stuff. But the Hooper, this is still, you can come to Dres or go to Rucker and these. Okay. You A robbery About to say them look like some shit. I yeah. I'm just Go ahead, go ahead. I ain't going. Go ahead. I see you Ready. Show out though. Yeah, I see you ready. I'm ready too though.


Got them right. The referee, the referee joint on. That's all good. Aw nigga. Go ahead. Talking About right. My dog. Young Nacho. Yo team, how you up man? I'm chilling bro. We in Dres having a good time. We got a legend in the building man. I'm geek bro. Man. Legend. Legend. Legend to my left, man. The ticket, you know who this is, man. One of the best basketball players of all time. 15 time All star. More importantly a Allstar and Dres ticket. We appreciate you pulling up the five 20 big dog. Thank y'all for having me dog. It's an honor man. Man. Thank thank you Do it's honor being here man. I love y'all shit man. Appreciate, we appreciate it man. Appreci, we was talking about the fet, you know what I'm saying? For me, you know what I'm saying? I'm a, I'm a OG ticket fan. I know your rookie year, you came out in the concourse, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. You start out getting into it the Pat Leathers.


But you done had so many heat shoes. What's one of your favorite signature shoes you ever had? Well, to be honest, man, I had something to do every time you seen my name on the shoe, I had some input in that and I thought that that changed a lot of the, the concept because if you, with Nike, Adidas, they're coming in there with a pre-concept already that they have in the line of so many other things. And you know, I was taught early man that something represent, representing you. You wanna be able to have your, your at least your taken and and what comes from you. So yeah, I think probably my gar obviously when you first get your shoe and then being with Nike, getting the shoe right.


So Garnett Warm is always a, a special place. Just 'cause that's my first signature shoe. And then to see it perform and then get to Garnett three and have it be like one of their best sellers and kids come, you know, running up on me with, you know, just showing their appreciation. I got to tag some of my, my, my neighborhood on it with OBF on the bottom. I was in Young State, it was going 97, 98. It was a, it was live, you know, it was live, it was going, you know, Jeff, they didn't think I was gonna make it. They was talking about I was gonna be out the league in two years. They were talking crazy. They was Tripping. I don't know what they was drinking and taking. I don't know. But Henderson, I tell you that damn sure wasn't.


Nah. But yeah man, the flight Pos was a, was another shoe that I'm sticking out. But the Zippers, The, the Nike shoes were some of the, the best shoes because of just, of, of the technology that Nike goes through. Push you in dog Jeff, you noticed, man, they got so many different comforts and cushions that they can pad and put in your shoe. But then Adidas, you know, I, I had a, I had a short run of Air one that was cool, but Adidas had another level of technology that I can't speak on. My first, my first signature shoe with them was through the roof and I had very comfortable shoe. But yeah, those are shoes that just stand out right away. That just, you know, that made that to me made a difference. Yeah. And that's what's so far about you.


Obviously we know you a champion, we know you go crazy on the court, but to have such an impact to the culture, like we was talking before the Jamie Fox episode, you know what I'm saying? Man, that's back, back in the days we had the real crossovers man. Yeah, you was, you was trying to take fancy from Jamie on the low bro. Fancy was choosing, dog was choosing, you know, What'd he say? He could find a KG jersey. So he had to get the Wally, The Wally z Spencer. Shout to J Fox. What's up? That was a fire cameo bro. That was cool. That was cool. That was a cool joint. That was a real cool joint. You say, you know what I'm saying? Y'all had a, before we even get to our, you gotta talk about y interaction man. He, I love that he confirmed this with but tell the people man, Nah, when I first came here I told you Yeah nigga I did growl at you.


Yeah, you know what it was absolutely We played, we played him in the playoffs and I dunked on Ray Allen in the preseason. Yeah. And I, I got a tech and I was barking doing my thing word. And I had the game winning and shot and I ear balled it and he followed me through the tunnel. Was like, don't fuck with the basketball guys, you not like that, Don't do that. And for the, we played him in the playoffs and like I had a good game game one. He would not say like who I was 'cause I don't know him. Who you talking about? I said damn you. So we came down, we played up in the guard. He came out, he slapped the floor, got on like all four of started like growling.


Well you scared the shit outta him, man. Traumatized. I was like I ain't gonna, this is my moment. I ain't gonna forget this. K had the hissing Kobe hiss at you. Yeah, I was on my DMX shit. I wanted the growling, I wanted to see where niggas was at. You know what I'm saying? You talking about I just want a kg to say my name. Pause. I was like, I just wanted to acknowledge me bro. But Phil, I just wanted to be like, You wasn't showing fan, you was getting money out here. You was talking that shit young fella had confidence. Yeah, I had watched him in Wake Forest. I, you know, I had followed you and you got right to it. Right when you got in the league, you had a lot of confidence in yourself and when you punched it on Ray, the reason why I was really upset was 'cause anything to the basket.


We was supposed to put a nigga on his ass. So Ray went for the blocking, you know, young fella flushed it, it wasn't, you know, it was basketball, so yeah. Yeah, I was just on some trying to smash his pulse, destroy his confidence, you know what I'm saying? I was on some like, nah, well it is, yeah balled it, you know how to leave this bro, you know what I'm saying? Throw this on his back, make sure he don't forget this. Then I was just stu on him. Every time I see him I wouldn't shake his hand. I'd get him like, you know what I mean? Yeah. But I'm, but the whole time I'm watching how he react to it. Yeah. Because it's pissing him off. The more he getting pissed off, he coming spinning and then, and he, and that's what I wanted. I wanted his best and I wanted to make him angry and I wanted to play against that.


But then later on in his career, man walked, boom, what's up boy, gee you good boy, yo, I'm good. Boom. And that's the respect of it that was earned. So yeah. You know what I'm saying? That Messed me up. My brother was like, nah, ticket said you good bro. He fucked with you. I was like, what facts? I was like, nah, I took care of your little brother that just 'cause the respect I have for you. Real shit. Nah, I appreciate that song, bro. Yeah. Real shit. Tell Young say what up. It's my dog. I Got you bro. For sure man. Listen man, you, you have so many fire moments in your illustrious career. But we all from Indianapolis, Indiana, And, we talk about high school basketball. Woo. There's one player that we have a very high regard for. You have a famous clip for it. My man aj, Eric Gordon do, that's that clip of him missing that shot. And you say hell no trash ass sticker.


It's one of my favorite clips of all time, man. I'm gonna keep it 100 man. You know I'm a savant and you know, I know my shit. So when I get out here, I'm watching, I know players, I know what they can and can't do. So you know, I, Gordon went through a rough little patch when he was playing great with the Clippers, had a, you know what I'm saying? I think when he got to New Orleans he was having injuries and shit. So I was just rooting for him to get back. And what y'all don't know, before that clip, he had came down on some groove shit. You know how he bow trail three B. So we came, he was putting motherfuckers in the mixing out, you know, we had a bunch of young guys, Zach Levine younger, Andrew Wiggers, a young car in town and he was just, he was dogging him. He was beasting. So I was like, Hey man, look, you know, compete man, don't, don't let the motherfucker come down here and just, you know, compete.


So he came down, he did some shit and then he spun it, then he step out like, oh hell no nigga, that ain't what you do. Aw you trash ass nigga. What you, hey nigga, hey, hey nigga, hey nigga, get back to what you nigga like, you know what I'm saying? And, and it wasn't even, yeah it was fun him, but the move is what made me react. I was like, what? Where Fucking get over. Yeah, go back and look at the mood though. The move I'm talking about. He was trash. That was a trash move. So I, I was, I was basically calling what I was saying. Yeah, yeah for sure. Shout to Gordon, man, you know? No, you know what I'm saying? Real shit. I'm glad to see him still going. Yep. You know what I'm saying, helping teams and shit. Yeah. Shout to him And man, listen, so many moments I, I'm a fan because listen, I look at the Olympics and every time I think about the Olympics, I think about that the best dunk we've ever seen in our lives is Carter.


And then you've been in that moment. How was it that, how was it to witness that moment live? Listen man, shit happened so fast. I couldn't even, I thought he got a air one and when I, when I saw it, they called the N one. I was like, oh shit, he cleared that motherfucker. Did he just clear that motherfucker? And he dunked it and when he came down, if you see me, I really wanted to go full like nigga button. We had one, two like dead, okay, get back on leave. It was like kind of like that. But I had played with a guy in high school named Ronnie Fields, sir, about to as you about that. And I seen people hit the air and I done seen him do some most, some of the most craziest shit. But then Vince Carter is the class of 95 And. we not been to camps together. So I not seen him do some of the craziest shit.


But yeah bro, him jumping over a whole 7, 6, 7, 5 guy was like a whole nother like, I swear Tom stopped dog. If y'all look at all of us, all of us been behind me, Gary, we all like, like in a, like a frozen moment to where I thought that nigga froze. He froze for like two seconds. Yeah. But yeah man, shout to Vince. Carter man. That's probably one of the most electric electric moments I've ever been in. You know what I'm saying? And, we couldn't really just get into it. We had to okay. And then it was over. But yeah, that was one of the more crowning moments in the Olympic history, bro. Speaking of Ronnie Fields, bro, I don't think he get enough credit, you feel me? Notoriety. How was it like playing with him, man? How did y'all even link up at Fergie? So I was coming from South Carolina and my mother was moving me.


I was in a, a very, very hectic and traumatic recruiting. I don't even want to debacle. Yeah. Like colleges was coming doing crazy shit. This was, I'm first interacting with money, big bags of bread. Like yeah. It was just getting crazy. So yeah, I had got into trouble in high school and my mom moved me and the one coach I had at Nike man was Wolf Nelson. And he, he had Coach Ronnie in high school up in Chicago. Yep. Yep. So him and I, he stayed in contact just like, hey, working on your, you know, 'cause he would always take me off to the side. We'd spend like a whole hour just on working on stuff. So I fucked with his development man. And, and you know how in the go, Jeff, man, when you got a coach that's, you know, like pouring into, you just, just just dial in with you.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? He, he, he up with you, you know, you go through in some frustrating moments, he right there and then I ain't really have no pops, I ain't, I ain't, you know what I'm saying? I ain't had no man in my life. My mom was a enough man for everybody in this motherfucker room. So, you know, now I grew up a certain type of temperature. I was, I was, I was used to a certain type of environment. I one tripping over the jungle. I was raised in it. Yeah. So to have a male in my life that was giving me some guidance and not somewhere I could pick the phone up, even though he was a thousand miles away, was comforting for me. So when I had the chance to be able to go up and play with him, I, I didn't even think about the city. I didn't think about nothing. I was just thinking about damn I got a coach that believe me man, let's get it. So man I got up there and And, we, we was rocking day one and then that's when they hit you like, oh shit you in Chicago, these are the rules and this what you gotta, you know what I'm saying?


Yeah. So it wasn't even a basketball problem I had, it was more of just adjusting to the big city. Absolutely man. Yeah. Another wonderful moment in Olympic, you going crazy in the ones running everybody up and down the court. Hey man, listen, I told you I'm a like iconic moment man. How was you? Was cleaning boys up? He was talking crazy too Man. It is what it is man. Nah, Jeff, Jeff noticed man, like during the times where we played, man, I'm not speaking on some of this younger stuff, but let's go back like 10, 15 years ago, man. Yes sir. It was a bullying. It was a bullying league. Yep. And you had to be a demon to play in it. Yes sir. And not, not just have confidence, but you had to be a demon.


And I mean t doing what I'm saying and, and I don't wanna elaborate on it, but you had to be like a different, a different, you had to have a different mindset. So we in the Olympics working out and, and one of the things j Kidd does to get back in shape is play full court one-on-ones. Yeah. And we had practice and it, it was a te it was the one of them practice where it was touchy, it was edgy and shit. So guys wanted to compete. So about six or seven of us just said, Hey man, let's get some cardio in. Niggas didn't wanna run the customary seventeens, you know how that shit goes, you know, 'cause back then you had time seventeens and then back then you had tour a days for the whole training cap. So if you had training cap 30 days you had two. You feel what I'm saying? So yeah, it was just different on how you got ready.


Right. So we jumped in it and man, you know how it go in one one on ones man, you know how I goes should have got wicked. Yeah man. You know usually one-on-ones go like, you know, you go, I go, I stop you, you stop me but man, when you get in the row. Yeah. And then I don't know the the camera man in the cut. Yeah, that's what didn't nobody know bro. You know the camera come out, everybody, the element of embarrassment goes to like, you know a million right. Yeah. So it was already testy. You know, me and re was already testy, you know a couple people was in there testy Ray and Gary was testy Timmy, it was just testy, you know? Yeah. And yeah and that got the going. So yeah, fuck it, I'm king of the hill, let's get it.


So I was talking my shit and then if somebody had wanted to do something then we could play another one. So we played three games. But didn't nobody know the guy in the cut over there getting it all, it's two more games that they ain't show. And I'm glad they didn't. Did you win those? I won the second one. I won first one and then I won the last one. Okay. But the second, the 1, 2, 3, the second one and the third one was so physical that yeah we probably did, we probably didn't want that one now. But it was all good. Shout to the, you know, 2000, you know team man we did that man. I wanna talk about how you and Paul met man on that Kwi AAU team. Kwi. Well Paul had you come all the way out there to county, man I'm saying same shit, same shit.


Shout the truth. So I'm from South Carolina, Jeff, you know what the south like man, you not played in North Carolina. You know what I'm saying? Ain't ain't really a bunch of, ain't nothing down there. So it was, it was very little recruitment, a lot of, lot of football recruitment but very little recruitment. Yeah. And very little sponsorship. So you know South Carolina you had to go to either Georgia to Atlanta or you had to go to Charlotte to go to one of the bigger camps. So I ended up going to a camp in Atlanta and a guy down there, he, he was just like a sponsorship for any anybody else like Nike, Adidas, he he IK Swiss and wasn't nobody really recruiting or none of that but he was like yo, you wanna go to West Coast?


You know what I'm saying? You up play on the West Coast like shit, this, this what I need. Yeah. Said cool. It wasn't really, wasn't nothing but it was about the experience. You know what I'm saying? Never been to Cali that before. And we pull up man, we get right to Inglewood come out to Joan. We ain't Inglewood, I don't know where I'm at. Come up to some little raggedy gym, you know what I'm saying? You tell you it ain't a polished neighborhood, you know what I'm saying? Coming here and I see three guys playing. I see this little tall ass little fat kid, dog nigga had like the little Stefan Marberry curly kid on. I told P he had a whole S curl when I seen him. It was like ice cube, god damn. And shit was shaking. He, I ain't have no, I said man you had a whole curl when I saw you nigga, you know what I'm saying? But man Jeff, he was a little fat little, you know what I'm saying? I'm like man, okay.


And then I saw him go up and boom, that motherfucker like damn that little fat motherfucker got some us man, who is that? You know? Yeah that's Paul Pierce. I was like word. And he looked like a younger version of what you see now, probably seeing way more wild than shit, you know what I'm saying? But yeah, me and P met at like 16 and before I didn't know that in his, in la Toby, Bailey, Ricky Price bunch of these older jr. Hen these are guys that were running LA at the time, you know what I'm saying? And he, and he looked up to them. So I don't know none of this and I don't know none of these guys, you know what I'm saying? But then you got the Collins Twins, you got Jelani McCoy, you got Sha Cotton. All these West coaches I ain't never heard of, you know what I'm saying?


So I was eager to play, you know what I'm saying? See what, see what, you know, a lot of these guys had the offer and I didn't have that. I didn't have that. I not seen you play Factor. So I didn't. Yeah I didn't, I'm coming in here like, I don't know who Jelani is. Oh Jelani, he block everybody shot. So I was like, oh, I mean how big is Jelani? He is like, well he's seven foot, he about two sides. And I was like, oh no he ain't. So I was on, I don't know who this is. So I go right into beast mode. Like I give a fuck about Lion, you know what I'm saying? Respectfully yo. But the LA niggas had me running through the casinos hitting shit and they jumping outta cabs and just doing LA shit. So we got in the game bro.


We all connected term, all the, all the little, 'cause people play with a bunch of hood guys that are from Inglewood that went to Inglewood High. The Jay Crow, the one you see him on Tru Flo with? Yeah. Yeah. That was his point guard. Shout out to Damani. He's a rapper he used to play. Yeah. So a couple of those guys just, you know, guys and, but they played hard and man we ended up winning that little shit, man. We ain't, we won that little Vegas shit. We weren't supposed to win nothing. That's how he was though. He played a bunch of his, all his friends see Vegas, same shit. Real. Where you get your first, where you get your first, your look. Vegas. I went to a b, c, D camp. Oh okay. Yeah. I Went a, B, CD camp. I had like one offer going there. End up killing that and getting like 70 offers. Why Wake Forest bro.


I was a fan of Chris Paul. I grew up watching Chris and I was like damn, they let him do whatever up there. I wanna Follow that. You should do whatever shit. Yeah, I did. Right, right. Was I need to follow them footsteps and that's how it happened. Well that's what's up. Yeah. I enjoyed your time up there, bro. I'm from a CC country so you know, you know I was a huge Tar Hill fan and all that other shit, but bro used to Yeah. Used to get your money. I appreciate that. I was gonna ask you, what school was you gonna go to if you didn't go straight to the league? Michigan. Oh, You was, damn. Okay. Michigan. I, I, I went to, I went to Michigan two years before. So 10th grade I, I had a chance to go up in Washington, play Michigan State. And I got to meet Webb and I got to meet Jalan Juwan, I got to meet Jimmy.


All, everybody Jalen, everybody. And they were super cool and not at the time to where you could take people around. They just took me And. we, we, we kind of disappeared. And Webb was, I took a liking to Webb Webb's game, but then when I met Webb, we, Webb cuffed me like a, like a like a little brother man. And, and, and I, and that stuck with me so much that when I watched him play I saw myself and then I just start piecing off the style. Obviously I wasn't we size or none of that, but the way he played through and I, and you know how you is when you seen your favorite player, right? Yeah. So yeah, I wanted to follow in those footsteps. But UNC was great on development and one of the things I wanted to really do was develop as a player.


I didn't wanna, you know, I didn't want you to look at a 1995 tape and then look 97, I'm looking the same. Yeah. So UNC was known for developing. Yeah. One thing I will say they developed Big man a certain way And, if you saw how my style was, I didn't want be your traditional big where, you know, I didn't have the body mask go down here, bang, you know, Kevin Mke would be showing me this moves where you had to have big shoulders to get it up. You know exactly what I'm talking about bro. Yeah. You know, when you trying to figure that out. So early on I struggled with that, but I figured it out. But I wanted to go to UNC for the development. I had a cousin, I got a real cousin in life, Shamon Williams, who actually starting and play Nice. Yeah. Yeah. Shaman's my older cousin, my real father in life is his, is his uncle.


His mother is my real aunt. Oh, okay. Yeah. He is nice. Barely know my pops though. So, you know, that whole shit was kind of, you know what I mean? But when we saw each other it was always love. If I see him today, it's always love. Same old, same old. Yeah. But yeah, those two, those, those two, two schools really made a, a impact on them. Sure. You'd have been robbed Michigan. I remember, I remember I wanted to go to Georgia Tech with Steph man and Bobby Kremers told me they had a kid by the name of Eddie Elma and they didn't need no more bigs. I, for about, listen for about 10 years I was looking for Eddie Elma. I just wanted him to be on somebody's team. I just wanted to show Bobby, Bobby Crimmins what, what, what's the difference?


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But where You get that mindset from. 'cause I, I, I follow your story bro. I'm a huge fan and I remember you doing your draft workouts and you talking about Pat Riley. Yeah man. Yeah. The Pat Riley story. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. My mom, my mom man, my mom's a kind of a shout to my mom, Shirley. You know what I'm saying? But yeah, my mom's a, she's a hard worker man. My mom used to work the graveyard shift. You know what the graveyard ships are used to working, y'all know, 12 to 12. Yeah sir. Six. Six. You know what I'm saying? So, so yeah, my mom worked at, so you know, I grew up very responsible, being able to cook early, being able to clean the house early. Okay. I grew up in the south, so I was outside. I'm from slap boxing, I'm from all the guys fighting.


I'm from, I'm from all that wrestling for the belt, getting beat for the belt, going home, cutting out carpet, making a new belt, coming outside with the, you know, I'm from that real nigga on the bike. I'm in neighborhoods, my neighborhood fighting your neighborhood. We got, I'm from all that. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, definitely. So outside, when it outside and I'm from the blacktop, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm out here, I'm gonna go to every park and see who out here and try to kill it. And you start to get a rep, you know what I'm saying? That's big fella, you know, that's, yeah. They, them malden them, them the Maum boys, you know what I'm saying? Shit like this. But yeah man, my mom gave me this kind of, yeah, no, no, no nonsense kind of attitude that the goad shit.


And why not you? My mom used to play all those little riddles with me. She's like, Kev, you know, if you ever come into a room and look for the leader, she's like, why, why whatcha you talking about? Well if you can't find a leader in the room, guess who's the leader? She used to say little shit like that. Yeah. And then dog, I started taking shit personal, you know what I'm saying? Light skinned niggas in dark skinned, you know what I'm saying? So I'm super competitive. So a lot of times dar when when, when I would take things personal, I would put it in the competitive form 'cause I didn't want to be rowdy. You know, we got our ass whoop in my house. So I'm from, I got manners, open doors for women, I wash dishes. I know how to clean the whole house up.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So putting all those into play, couldn't get in trouble in school or you got killed, you know what I'm saying? Like yeah. So I had to learn to control those emotions and then challenge towards something. So when basketball started coming into my life, I started really putting a lot of time in it. And then I found this untapped energy, if you will, that when it came to com competitiveness. When I heard, I heard Sea Biscuit had a, a complex that the rider, he was kind of easing back to let the other horse go back. And when the horse got in front of him, the horse sea biscuit would go ape shit and just smoke the horse. When I heard that analogy, I connected with that.


Like, to play somebody better than you actually gets you to play better and it makes you a more, more attentive, more locked in. Yeah. You ever hear about, when you take a sense the other sense gets heightened. Yep. I swear when I would play people that were bigger than me or better than me or I considered better than me, it, it, it, it, it, it activated that. And then I got into the league and the league was a bully lead and yeah man coming from Chicago, everybody pulling up on you wanting to hoop in the crate in the alley and this gym and the on this whatever. So you instilled that in it and put me in the league and then say that I can't do something. So I was like man, I'm finna prove all y'all wrong, y'all I'm finna, you know what I'm saying?


I told everybody the draft when she and Stack was cracking jokes on me man in front of about like 50 niggas. They like nigga you should have took your ass to college man. I was like nigga I'm finna be better than all y'all niggas. Nah, I didn't used bus out laughing. I'm the only one out left. Nah, me and Scotty Thurman, Scotty Thurman, I don't know if you know this kid from Arkansas used to shoot the long ball. He was like, Hey they fucking with you. They no young f he country man. They no young fella. Like yeah. But yeah, I, I've always been super competitive in my mindset, man it's gotta be, I always say one-on-ones is me or you, it's gotta be, you can't be me. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. I heard you did at the Scotty Pippin too.


Yeah, we got two little, I was young though. I was young and wild though. When I got Chicago I moved in a certain certain area off the west side called K-Town. Yes sir. Yeah. K-Town got all these different streets in these different areas in Yeah they, they rep different places, you know what I'm saying? GDS over here, vice store's over here, Cobra's over here and you gotta know how to Latin Kings over here. You gotta know how to go through that. Right. And then once I figured it out, bro, you, you know, you moving and you know a lot of the guys you move with, you move how you moving? Yeah. Yeah man, Scotty Pipi got some shit and I don't know what he thought.


Yeah. But yeah, I, I quick, quickly, you know, got him to understand where he was but that wasn't a good moment for me because I felt like, you know when you come into an NBA setting, you don't want be rowdy Grover letters come in there hoop. Soon as we got into that, Grover tried to kick us out. Guys didn't want to get kicked out. Turned into a whole nother thing. I knew the guy Car Harris is in there. Carl Harris wasn't there. Who's the street guy from the south side? If Carl Harris wasn't in there, it would've been all bad. But I'm glad he was in there. And then what's even more crazy to that Jeff, Isaiah Thomas in the corner watching all this. And that's, that's where I got the Jews from and I seen Zeke, Zeke pulled me to the side. 'cause I ain't know Zeke was from the west side like he was, you know what I'm saying?


And he's super, you know what I'm saying? He's man Zeke super ta plugged into the west side. So to sit there talked to him, I talked to him about three hours. And after that three hours I knew exactly what I was doing. Yeah. Straight up. That's fine. You got a story like that with JR writer too. Right. When y'all played the Bulls and he was talking shit to Joe And Joe Jr had to tell you the, Hey K, chill out bro, you finna turn him up Man Jeff, you know this man, when you play a guy dog or you play somebody that you, you look up to man, you don't watch enough film to know that this guy's better than you but you still have confidence in yourself. Right. It was kind of like that Mike, them were just bullying niggas, man pressing up 94 feet zigzagging they get and then they hand checking, the refs ain't calling it.


So when a young guy like t he'll grab T hip, Jeff really gotta know how to handle it. 'cause you really dealing with force and bro. Right, right, right. If the ref ain't calling it bro, you gotta, you gotta deal with it yourself. That's how I felt about y'all though. That's crazy. That's crazy. That's crazy you say that because that's what the bulls are doing us. So we, we learned that and then started to implement on the young guys Real shit. Real shit. But yeah, that was, that was the same way but just like how you you learn that makes you better. That, that that that kind of headache that you gotta deal with. You like holy shit, the first time it happened, you in you in you in big eyes. Right. Second time you like oh shit, third time, nah, you ain't tripping. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Nah for sure you adjust.


But yeah, me and J was in there and, and and and Mike then was just on some bully shit and I was having a decent ass game. I'm, I had just seen my friend, he had just got into a car accident. I didn't really get much sleep. We was on the back to back when I landed. I went straight to the hospital, I sat there all night with him and man it was just hard to see fields in there with the dang, with the halo on his neck. Yeah. And I was like damn. And then I was really affecting, when I came back to the hotel I had to go right to the arena to the, to the arena and shit, you know first bus and all that shit. So I was over there super early so I was super inspired but I was running off fumes. I didn't have no sleep that night. Had the whole west side on the whole left side of that motherfucker.


So I felt yeah I was in there, I had a great night. But yeah just, just, just man, soon as I started feeling good man I fucked that up. I fucked that up. It's a lot of shit. I did fuck up. I fucked that up because we had a chance to win that game. Yep. And I woke the beat up dog and I didn't think that shit was real till you see it like oh shit. Really? Yeah. Really, really, really. Ski. Ski said he went crazy man. He went look, no bullshit came down simple. Two dribble puller, three fo and one shot two free throw hot catch. Like it was, I looked up the nigga had like 40 in like like 12 minutes. I was like damn we sitting on the bench was like damn we we done 19.


Damn my bad. Then I looked, you know how you look at everybody and everybody looked at you like listen told that nigga to shut up. That's how Joe did me. Yeah. And that's how JR. JR was like my dog to, you know it's okay, we gonna get through it. Yeah we at the end the bench. He was taking shoes off. I was like my fault man. It's all good man. Shut your ass up man. For real man. I see y'all see heat. Yeah. I never said shit to Jordan after that dog. Real shit. I ain't say nothing. I remember that story. Chuck Black Cat. You good? You good? Okay cool. Ball hit and keep it moving. Straight up. Hey man listen, I know it just happened but I'm reminiscing to how we all slid to Vegas for the fight. What was crazy is, you know what I'm saying, we, we had a little bit of an issue figured out.


We was gonna lay our head. You know what I'm saying? We had equipment. I think the best decision we did man was deciding to actually look into an Airbnb. The guest favorites made that whole worry situation. 'cause y'all was sweating. Y'all thought we was about to go back to the crib. We wasn't about to have no Vegas weekend but Airbnb came in. Clutch got us in a nice comfortable spot. How you like it man? You know what I'm saying? Normally I know you be, I know you be staying at some good places. You a harsh critic. It was perfect man. It was a really good time. Our stay was perfect man. Perfect. And how you feel about the trip man? Love Airbnb man. Shout out to y'all. What's your favorite part about the be experience man? What's it being a B, you know what I'm saying? The comfortability Air condition. It is hot man. Shout out to the amenities.


Look, if you're looking for a wonderful place to stay, Airbnb is the first place to look. Hey, you know it's funny, Jeff always spoke very, very, very highly of that Celtics back court defense. And you just talking about Avery Bradley reaching about how, you know what I'm saying? He had to go down to the G league D to wake up. I love the fact that we giving people honor like that. 'cause like I feel like guys like Drew Holiday now that they getting their praise that they deserve. You talk about the real defenders, like you said it would be a nightmare matchup for you or a dough and then you talk about ab It was just interesting to hear you say that in his high praise For him. Nah man, them two, they had ticket that got up on screens and then they had, he didn't get all the way up but he was physical. Yeah. Yeah. Then you had them two dudes bro.


They 94 feed you and then Avery Bradley took everything personal. Yeah. Like I remember one game we played them, it was my second year Rondo was out and he started at point guard. I think it was his first start. Yep. And I kind of embarrassed him a little bit. I went by and dunked on, he stole the ball for him a bunch of times. And the next time he played me he was like, yeah what's up? And I was like, what? I was like, he sad, you know what I mean? Was like all right killed him. He Yeah bro. He was guarding me full. I'm turning like I gotta pass to Kurt Heimer like bring up Kurt. I ain't messing with him. Real shit. Nah for real. He was serious Man. Ay Bradley's feet was probably similar to like Usher's or Michael Jackson's like he had the quickest feet. I swear he was.


Normally when you get hit, if you and Jeff t right now was in the pick and roll and bro came up and said a pick on you. If he hit any part of your, of your of your leg, you, you, you going to turn, you just going turn sideways. Yeah. That's just what it is. Avy Bradley was the only guy that I knew that got his shoulder right over yours got his feet over there. He went and he went like damn the chili sauce. Am I lying bro? He got highlights on YouTube doing that. Listen bro, swear listen his and then he what he poking and you know when the guard bringing it up, you know the motherfucker bringing up, he ain't really thinking about the poking all that. 'cause you calling the plate trying to see when that motherfucker's in your, in your cavity.


You gotta, you gotta either chicken wing or man imagine so. So when you, when I heard you say that, when I saw that clip? Yeah. I was like yeah that's right on to what they was on. They was on harassment and really trying to break the point guard down like man run him in the ground so they gotta bring the back and then we gonna run him in the ground and that was our whole, our whole plan was to outwork you as a team. Nah that was a factor. Position. Position. I was tripling the ball playing one-on one him. It's a timeout. You know TD guard get so loud. Yeah Right. Y'all stop. He still right there in your face. He calling The timeout. I'm still trying to Beaty Looking crazy. They don't hear the whistle though. Them two just them two like yo yo, yo yo walking to The bitch. I'm like they playing ones D, they came out your ass over here.


Real. I was like, oh shit crazy. I was like yeah I can't keep fucking with him. I ain't saying nothing else to him. Nah he was serious. Who you like in the league? That's guards right now man. You got a favorite? You got favorite guards? You like My Favorite point guard probably is Jaylen Brunson right now. JB Big Body Cole. I see him come up when he's a little kid bro. His development Bro. Yeah. And to see him get to who he was like being at Villanova, I never thought he would be this player. And then to see where he is now knowing his dad, it is like damn, shout to Rick. When I saw in, when I saw a couple times in Dallas where he would take over games and then kind of come off it, you know 'cause he couldn't, he, he wouldn't go forth throttle. But you saw the glimpses? Yeah. Yeah because for a long time they was trying to get rid of the mid-range for sure.


Remember the mid-range and, and just diagnostics. At least in data. That's not a good one. Yeah. You gonna shoot it da da da make it a Yep. You know, and then I think Houston fucked that whole thing up when they came. Dan Morey came in there and tried to really run shit. Yeah. Yeah. So I say that, I say that to set up that I felt like man, he, you start to see it with the midrange and then he just accepted that. Yeah I'm just gonna go midrange. I don't wanna, if I gotta stand still three cool. And then to put all that together bro. You know the, the the most, I don't wanna say disrespected, but it's probably the most underrated thing in our league development. Nah, for sure. Yeah man, don't nobody develop the young boys no more man. And if so you got one trainer training a tall guy training a center, a forward and a guard the same fucking way bro.


That's 'cause they eliminated all the old, old heads Bro. The bulls look the same bro. Like right now. Yeah. Already know a young boy gonna gimme an in and out and he gonna cross it. And if you cross he probably gonna step back left 'cause you're already over here. Yeah, yeah. If he ain't doing that, he doing the heads and all this. It it's like I'm watching the mood patterns be so similar that I don't see nothing coming outta that. I don't see nothing. So then I jumped in and I was like, oh okay. I said I'm gonna go see who check invited me to come see him out one day I went to go see, check out. I see his whole workout. What he was working out on Tatum was working on Kauai was working on fucking Brunson working on. And I was just like, nah man you gotta you gotta customize your own package.


You gotta customize your own bag. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's too, it's man the bag looks similar throughout all of it, you know what I'm saying? And that's real. Like you said you could look at people that game. It's like oh I know who he trained with in the off season. I, I hate to say that even though I don't know the trainer. Yeah I'll see it look similar, you know what I'm saying? That's all I'm saying. And then that will bring you back to Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. They do got the same. Well I oh yeah they do that type of thing. So you talk about the mid-range, you talk about the guards in the league, you talk about SGA going crazy with the mid and then you gotta talk about looks man, the house you built, the young guy in there reviving it. Ae man he nasty. How was that man for you to be the best player at Temple of History to see the resurgence with young ae with a similar mindset with like a work ethic?


Like how was that to like enjoy I love ants gold man. I like his, I like his yesterday year demeanor man. You know, I thought I don't mind all the, all the being cool 'cause you know what, like you said, you know, you know Gordon, you got guys from downtown that you fought with, right? Yeah. Y'all see each other's cool. Right Bro, it ain't cool to the point where go gonna let you score him. Nah. Or you gonna let, that's what I'm saying. The shit started to look buddy buddy at one point. That's, that's why it just didn't look like it was competitive or what I was used to seeing. So you know what I had to get off that. This is the new generation and this is what the game looks like now. So I start to go in that direction but man, I gotta, I gotta say bro, like yeah I enjoy competitiveness.


I enjoying when guys or you know, surfing. Yeah. And and I think that's a big part of it. And gaming ship is another big part of it. You know I have never pulled up to a park and never seen anybody. You pull up to the park in those two, you know what I'm saying? Fuck outta right. Straight up. You kickbox bus your ass in these so fuck, fuck bus you ass. What? I bus your As in these four, the first stretch. I was trying to, I'm the first stretch for I don't get fuck. Don't care what you did at I got you, you coming in a post. My nigga slow down. Right. I can't even like Right. I the pillow I'm having, I'm having enough. I I'm glad I didn't have no drink. I'm having to grab my like, ooh bus.


Who ass nigga. What We got a rim And. we got a rim and Dre. Why the man crazy? Hey they got a rim in here dog. We go right to you know what I'm saying? Right. So down dog run. I don't, nigga I don't know. You know you nigga how I'm gonna get to know you? Right. Fuck outta here. Bust your ass nigga. Right. Change my whole question. You asked, you got all the shoes bro. I'll bust your ass in these right here special. The whole specials right here. You hear me? You still hoop. I'm gonna tell you what I do. I don't hoop but I work out Monday through Friday just for, if I got a little motherfucker mouthing off, I can go up here.


I can, you know what I'm saying? I, I keep the desk off just enough. But I'll be honest, I want to as you this to see if you having the same issue bro. I don't really go and hoop and turn it up. Turn it up. 'cause I already know that's gonna send me. Right. Yeah. I don't have no place to put the ho man. Yeah. Nah, that's how I am Like, like how do you, how do you turn off how you turned it off? Yeah, I Turned it off. I, I own a gym back in Indy. And we got a men's league but I never play serious. Like You gotta be clear fucking around. I just be trying to get stay in shape. They be testing it and then like I played in the big three the other day and that moment happened, a dude scored on me. I was just chilling. He scored on me a couple times. He's having a good day and all of a sudden it flipped.


I throwing the ball at him. I'm calling. Yeah. And I was like, this ain't even me. I'm a podcaster now. Like what am I doing? I Gotta relax. Oh nigga, you a demon. Remember how you got the podcast? Yeah. You what I'm saying? For sure. And embrace that bro. Real shit. I was real shit. They be trying ain at the gm. Hey listen, that's why you go in there. You supposed to bust that mo whoever the fuck that is, you bust his ass and kill his confidence right there. Yeah. See when we play I won't ever have this problem out. This motherfucker want. No. And when I see him, he gonna come. Oh man. Oh take it or it's gonna be, it's gonna be regardless. Okay, cool. But it's different after you play a nigga and then you go in the mirror and look at yourself like, damn, I couldn't get a bucket on that motherfucker.


And you gonna look at them shoes you like, man I don't want these shoes. You gonna start. And that's what I, that's what I was going for. I'm here to destroy your inner confidence, nigga. Yeah, but you ever say no shit like that. No real nigga. Word up. See how you looking now now you doubt what you said. Ooh, you doubt You got doubting. I'm ready. You don't look ready. I'm ready. Yo, your voice ain't ready. You got no socks on. It ain't the red. Right. I'm gonna, what that mean? I'm gonna kill you with them pulling this on. What that mean? What that mean? You got a referee shoes on? Get get the, get the court up. Set the court up. What we doing Tennessee? Set the court up. Hennessy. Oh all we got 1 0 1 Hennessy. Right. That's the real Let's do a shot before we got them play too, nigga. Oh that's, that's, that's That. I said before we play because I'm ready right now. I'm ready right now too. Nigga. You ain't said nothing Before we get outta here man.


I wanna talk about one of the best point guards that does not get enough credit. And I think in this era he would've got as much love as he should deserve. Steph Maberry. Man, I feel like if he was in this era dog, we would give him way more praise. Like he's one of the ones from me always has been. But I feel like in this league now, the way they let the guards go crazy. They do man. He would go so crazy right now. Y'all had one of the best one, two titles we ever seen, man. Yeah. Playing with Steph was dope man. Steph was a real friend too. Yeah, real one. Yeah. Yeah. I was friends with his brothers, you know, shout to Don, Eric, Zach, all those guys. Sebastian Fox, five 30, all those guys. Yeah. I used be in Coney Island earlier at 17, 18 year. So when we got together in Minnesota, it felt like this is what we wanted to do.


Yeah man. And it made the game easy. You know, you not played with a guy that you fuck with, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, for sure. He know your speed. And then Steph, one of them, he was a IQ guy. You know, I had, I had really good hands and he used to always be like, Kev, you better have your hands ready. You know what I'm saying? Just knowing that he was unorthodox with his passes and his timing. But bro, bro trained differently. You know what I'm saying? He saw the world and, and the game differently. And when he played, I thought he did a great job of of showcasing that. Yeah. You know, Steph, Steph had pieces from all the guards that we loved, the Rod Stricklands, the Kenny Andersons, the Pearl Washingtons. Right. He had all those pieces when you look at all guard play.


Right. But then think about it, t intelligence. Yeah. How people don't tap in intelligence. A lot of people don't understand timing what plays to call, what his whole variety of who he playing with and what, what's the spreadsheet for them like, you know, you could probably tap into this a little bit, but when guards, when you go through a guard play and you analyze what it takes to be a, a, a polished guard and not just polished on, on, on the, on the blacktop, but I'm talking about polished guard in the league and lead the team. Steph was one of those, you know what I'm saying? He, he looked up to ai, him and AI had a bunch of, you know, back and forth. I think Steve Fran jumped in there later on. So Steve Francis, I used to love to watch that, but Steph grew to want his own.


I think once we got to Minnesota, you know, I think that, you know, within himself, if you know anything about Steph has a real big personality. Yeah, yeah. Super New York, super ci, you know, he Coney Island Brooklyn till he die. So when he came up in his own from like, yeah, I wanna, man, I'm finna go back there. I'm finna go back home. I'm, I'm finna go back home and try to do what I run it up. I was mad because I was being selfish and wanting, you know, us to go and rock and see where we can be. Yeah. But then when I thought about it, I was like, I can't even be mad 'cause you only get one chance at this shit. And for you to be able to go to a franchise and you be the head of it and you run it and get the half shade and put the pieces, pieces in there that you want.


Ah, bro, I can't even be mad at you. Then he, he was talking like he had some vision and where he wanted to go And. We ended up sending him to Jersey, which was, you know, not New York, but it was Jersey. Yeah. And for him to go back to, he looked happier and he was around his family and he was in his setting. And then I kind of came off it like, okay, he doing him and then I didn't take it so personal, you know what I'm saying? It was just when he was on some like, oh, I wanted to be in Minnesota. Like, nah nigga you wanted to go do your own shit, which I can respect. Yes sir. And yeah, shout to Steph man. Sure. It was, it was a good time when it was good. Hate to win, get to tap into that potential to see what we could have been. But yeah, shout to Steph for that man. Underrated. 20 and eight for sure. Yeah man, you don't get spoke on enough bro.


Nah, you don't, bro. Yeah. You know what too, man. You know the league man with your story, how you come through and things that follow you. Yeah man. They, they, they, they, they, they put all that on you. You know what I'm saying? If you got in trouble A, B and C or if you, you know, I ain't gonna say he, he did anything to fuck the game off or whatever, but I know his situations in the Knicks and, and that whole debacle and hide that whole played out and then him having to go to China and shit like Steph should have never had to go to China. Right. You know what I'm saying? Stefan Marberry had to go to China. You know what I'm, that's crazy. But showing to his true brilliance man, he goes over there, he takes over the fucking league. He becomes what we all know him to be the great spirit that, that he is, you know what I'm saying?


Yep. And he went over there and made the China league popular to where players go over there and play. Now I don't know if they gonna go play after seeing the young boys sleeping in the fucking lobby. That was crazy. Was that crazy? Insane. That's crazy. Listen, we talk about the NBA in these different leagues. The league is, I I say this, it's professional. Yeah. You would never have a guy and none of those aspects. And then two, I'm thinking one, where's your agent and where's your teammates? For sure. That's crazy. That's the first thing I thought if you sleeping in the lobby where the, where's your other teammates? Yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? And, and who's not speaking of you whole nother conversation, I say, but yes sir. Yeah. Shout, shout, shout to No, no. Shout to Steph doing that man.


No, no, no. I say the young fella doing that, but I was just going back to Steph, you know, being able to making China popular and all that shit. But yeah, Steph was one of them question marks of what, what could have been, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Before we get outta here, man, last fan question for me, man. One of my favorite pitches, one of the favorite passes, oops. Of all time at a Allstar joint. You a cold Mac. One of my favorite things I've seen on the basketball court, man. Yeah. Shout to Bing. Yeah. When I, when we, when we was, when we was coming up when I first met that crazy motherfucker being was super intense, super intense as a young kid.


And then when we got to the all Star game, we was in New York and they called the east out first And. we was sitting in the back and I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm on. I I am. So I, I am on, I'm ready to get out here, man, fuck them. You know, like it was just, I was ready and it was the first time I saw him like nervous and nobody else was paying attention to shit. You know, we the youngest here. So I'm like, yeah, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's actually a clip. They don't play the whole clip but they play a piece of like, yeah motherfucker, we at the all Star game nigga, we at the old Star game nigga now Dapping, you see am I'm in the back like this nigga, you ready nigga, we here now nigga, we here now, now Dapping I'm.


And he like, yeah, yeah. We at the All Star like, nigga get your gas up. Hey nigga, we going at this nigga 'cause they was already puffing him and Mike nigga fuck him. We get out here, I'm looking for you. Be ready. He said, all right, cool. And I be down, I'm talking about the second play in the game, third play, boom, boom. I came out, took on the left side and I looked up and I just put it right in the middle of the rim and where he was coming from. I time it perfectly, Lord this nigga jumped so motherfucking high. And when I talk about that Vince Carter moment, boy cold ass just, I watched it from my perspective, I threw it. Yeah. So I watched him just, We dunked that motherfucker dog when he came out. I was like, yeah nigga, I threw the, I I was, I was on some nigga shit Lord.


He was on some like let's be professional all man, fuck that man, fuck that's, let's get it. So that energy coming out playing, yeah that was a magical game. 'cause MJ was licking for it too. And he wanted all smoke. We saw throwing his hand, licking his fingers and shit. It was on him, him the demon came out. He was in Madison Square. You know he, you know he really activate when he ain't there. Right. Oh man. It was no bigger stage than center stage at MSG and watching that going back and forth, MJ solidified himself, you know what I'm saying? But Kobe establishing himself right there, you know For sure moment Man. What better way to end his ticket.


I gotta say one More. Go ahead Joe. Go ahead. We here, That's a MVP right there. Oh yeah, for sure. So you won the MVP top 75. You did damn near everything you could do in basketball bro to trans like you know, transition to doing podcasts and being more open like, 'cause me knowing you when you played you was the best teammate. My brother told me. You the ultimate teammate. Everybody in Minnesota told me you was the ultimate teammate. The best bet you can have. But you never talked about players or nobody like that. So to see you show love the young guys now far it's different bro. Like most of the old heads that we used to say like was old heads when I used to watch, they would talk crazy about the young guys. Oh they getting this money, they don't play. And then you come in you like, yeah I love ae.


Yeah Tyse Halliburton too Put a lot of light on him. Yeah. Well think about this guys real shit When you play Man, man, at least for me, I couldn't play in that gray area. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Even though, I mean Chauncey, bill, Terron, Lou Rashid Wallace, these are my personal friends. Yeah. And I understood what it was when we all played. So you know, when I played man, I locked into who was rolling with me And, if you notice I never really fraternized with it the other side I dap you say what up. But it was never like a, you know what I'm saying? Unless I really, really never, there was probably maybe one or two or a handful of guys I count on one hand.


Right. So when it came to make a jump to broadcasting and stuff, I thought those experiences of being able to share some of those stories and you know the fact that I have never sat back and had a real conversation with you. Yeah. Before we got here to let you know my respects towards you and what I was a fan of yours and your body of worth. Appreciate it. And the reason why I was growling that I ain't growling at everybody. Ain't no man, ain't no, ain't no nigga ever gonna come back up like, man Kevin run ever growling at me yet I'm only doing that to niggas that I got you. You understand what I'm saying? Yeah. So I had a certain level of respect for you. So to come on here, let Jeff fill me. You know what I'm saying? Let him know that man, not only did I fuck with you, but you know your little brother when he came in Brooklyn, I cuffed him.


Like that was, that's what this is. That's what to me that's what the podcast Brain is Lane is for, is for me to be able to, I took all this experience and lemme just throw out these experience. Hey man, this happened to me over here, this hap and that's all it is for me to be able to make reference to things that I've been through, to what these young guys are going through to let them show that the parody is very similar. Bro, you bro you thinking it's hard bro. Shit, y'all ain't practicing bro. Imagine having to practice. Matter of fact, imagine doing two days for 30 days. Y'all ain't. So when I share some of this experiences only to bring it back to today's game because I think today's game, the young boys think it, certain wave, but man, bro, what 15 years, 10 years ago is a whole nother way and a whole nother way of style.


So taking that greatness too, bro. Remember this about yourself. You know when you went to Wake Forest, you became great there. You came to league, you established a greatness about yourself so much that you gotta, you got a brand now to where you got a podcast. You coming up here speaking on not just in the NBA experience but IQ and, and articulating it for your audience. Right. That's a greatness. It was no way. I think you, I was gonna come in here and see you 2 65 or overweight looking like a bum. No. You know what I'm saying? Ask bro. 'cause you got a greatness about you. So I would expect that when you walk off the court to have that same thing, bro, I, I tried to dominate every point that I was on the court. Who's to say you put that up when you step off of it, you know?


Right. I just took that same energy. I put it into something else. If you ask my partners at Content Cartel, my, my, my, my partners, they'll tell you how hard I go at that shit. When we put out, when I, when we put out shows together, I'm up all night. I don't use no cards. This all off my dome. I rip and this is my, this is my vision for the world and what I want to give them for when we shoot, I shoot it with p who's my real best friend in real life. And he's as crazy as they come. So y'all get to see the two guys who real best friends talk basketball in front of y'all. And so we, you know, we, we clean it up as much as we can. But we like to be ourselves. We dress how we fucking dress. We come in here, you know what I'm saying? Like, like all this, put a nigga in the box and have him talk like this and wind him up And then and with that dude, wow, that shit outta here.


Fuck that. Yeah. Niggas ain't doing that shit no more. That's so fire man. Fire bro. You know what, it's from us. Yeah. And that's what I love about y'all show y'all show fire because it's from y'all. Yep. You know what I'm saying? I love how you came over here talking your shit. Nah, thank you bro. You know what I'm saying? Keep going. Nah, Thank you bro. I still want them Ones. It's all good Lord. Then you gonna be careful on how you got, you know what I'm saying? Alright. Yeah man, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't no bus driver my nigga. Nah. Real shit bro. I wore five, I'm some real shit. For real. I wore 21 because of you all Shit. That's real shit bro. That's, that's respect. That's respect. That's respect. That's a before you even probably started watching our problem when we first started talking and they used to join on me for being like the first five 10 power forward. You was my favorite power of four bro.


So Turn around and you used the first face of, what you say? First Face, face up up four bro. At five 10 Bro. That I like that. I called it the praying mantis. Yeah. And I was built like this. So you've been this whole, this size, your whole body your whole life? Yep. Shout out to my grandma's side. Nah dog you kill Nah, 16 and 10 kg. 16 And 10 toast. What's that mean? That was my stats. Oh word For sure. In Indianapolis. Yep. And I played with George Hill too. Yep. Yep. Where Where the fuck is George Hill at these days? He live in San Antonio. He on the farm. He on a like a a. Yeah I saw that nigga I thought he was in That's George that the dreads George Hill Light-skinned George Hill.


Yeah. Yeah. My bad, my bad. Aint George Hill Arizona? Nah, nah. Shout to Jay. Shout Not George Hill. Yeah, George Hill. Bad motherfucker. George Hill. Bad motherfucker too bro. Yeah, yeah. Talk shit. Yeah look light skinned ass nigga. Yeah. Y'all fuck with G though? He good people man. We appreciate you for coming on though man. This is for real, for Real. As he traditional. Know what I'm saying? One time for the One time. Oh that's what's up man. Cheers To the ticket. Hit Cheers y'all. Anything is possible. My dog. Anything is possible. Straight off all man. This is a blessing man. We had the legend blessings with his presence man. For sure. Checking my man's out, content going crazy. Him and P keep it entertained and keep it authentic. You know what it is Club five 20 Hennessy. We about to go to Dres.


It had a real fun. We appreciate y'all rocking with us Hennessy. Arena's been a hell of a time. We gonna catch y'all the next time We out. Yeah. Five 20 Man, listen, traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staying in the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah, traveling sometimes and they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, pots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job Easier for sure man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified, ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there man. It was perfect. Shout out to Airbnb, how you feel about the tea.


The food Was nasty, But Airbnb was great.