
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip, or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy, one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions. Apply and see the app for details.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This is Lexi Brown And Mariah Rose and We've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've Got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Full circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports, The Volume.


Alright man, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Special, special guest in the building. Man to my left, he gonna introduce my man's last, but to my far left, we got my dog Bishop be here out the prairie. He's how you what? Nasty cool and nasty as midnight. God damn. We in the trap baby. We here. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? 24 hours. We don't got no off days. No said Dre. Listen, I know you keep your feets right, but have you ever seen the black forces with the white laces? Nah, I like them though. Trying to get some tap in. Yeah, I got you doggie. Be right bro. I got you. I got you. We gonna do the red laces too. We gonna send 'em out to Phil though. Appreciate you don't even disrespect your feet.


Keep it classy bro. Keep it. Keep it black and white. Nah, I got you. I promise you, when made you do that? Just some shit up back in the day bro. I used to hoop in the mid East like with straps. Pause that. So good bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like so. And then I just put white laces in him and then shit niggas bid. That's it. So hooping in the mid forces is dangerous. I did that too though. Shit. She Wallace? Yeah, he hoop in the, the, I ain't know what That's a different beat. Yeah, the orthopedic joints for sure. To my right. My dog. Young Nacho, young Teague. How you what? I'm chilling bro. Just lost a tough game. But shout to my boys at Pike, man. Y'all fall hard. I'm proud of y'all but I'm chilling man.


Excited, glad we got another, you know another player in the bill legend in his own right. You know Yukon stand out. I'm excited for sure man. You know people always gimme a, a slacker saying I'm excited that we gotta a guess. I'm like damn, I'm supposed to be mad. What Happy people on this show. We fucking man. Y'all know what time it is man. For sure man. Listen man, we got two time Allstar. 13 year pro Wonder the best rebounders to ever play the game of basketball, man. He said you the best. Yeah. Talk your shit. Come on man. STAs don't lie man. Andre drum in the building, big dog. Appreciate you sliding on this bro. Appreciate you man. Hold on. You said you're the best ever. That's what I said. I'm gonna ride me. Damn. I don't know about freaky rod Freak Crazy.


Crazy. That's crazy. No, we we'll chop it up though. Let's get into it. We didn't get into it. All dinners. Rob is crazy used. That's crazy. Used have 40 Reba, you used to have some crazy stat lines. Zero points for sure. Zero points, but jokes rebound. Stat lines would be crazy too. 20 rebounds are 20 points. You doing 20 rebounds at no points, that's all. Oh, I respect the lineage. But is that, is, is, is is Rodman who you model Joe? Nah bro. Bro. Who turned you into a rebound and ass nigga bro? Shit, my rookie year, when I came in, bro, I called my high school coach and I asked him, I'm like, yo, like how do I stay? I'm here. Like how do I stay? Yeah. So he's like, you gotta find something that you are good at and master that shit.


Hmm. So I started looking at all the stats. It's probably midway through the season, like probably around right now. And I seen like the guys who average the most points, most rebound blocks, steals and shit. And I seen the rebounds and the most was like 12 five at the time. I think it was Dwight. Oh, okay. And I was averaging like 9.8 as a rookie. Like that's pretty good. This isn't a sexy stat. I could, I could, I could be the best to do it if I really put my mind to it. If I'm already averaging nine by not trying, I ain't worried about the numbers. Damn. With the real numbers. 32 is the best. 32nd best read out ever.


We'll take it. But you Well but you had crazy stats in like high school though too. Yeah, yeah. Like, but yeah, but to, to touch on the rest of that topic, just, I seen the stat line. I said, you know, I'm gonna try to be the best there is. Yeah. So I, I just meant so far as like when you was like coming up too, like I fuck with that story. Of course. But I'm saying like it just came naturally bro. Okay. Yeah. This is like a natural, natural gift of just like having a knack of where the ball's gonna go. Because I found out about like, yo sophomore year I, this thing got, I thought you started your journey then, you know what I mean? Because I felt like you was I don't, I can't remember because I, I was telling them before, like you was known to me before Anthony Davis.


Anthony Davis came on a little later I feel like later the senior year because he had that growth spurt. Exactly. Yeah. So I feel like you was like one of the first ones that was like high on the totem pole I think yo like sophomore year where you was really like killing in high school. Yeah. That's when it started for me. Sophomore year. Yeah, sophomore junior year. Yeah. Okay. Because your stats was then, so to hear you say it started in the league is kind of crazy. Redacted is the better word for that situation. His stats was crazy. Yeah, redacted. Listen man, shout out to that community bro. I'm the global ambassador of Special Olympics. You can't do that. Yeah. See that's matter. Well I mean that's just figure of speech. But yeah. Respect, I mean to everybody that's, there we go. See that's how you correct. Live on here man. Thank you. D we media training, just basketball talk.


I wouldn't know. No. Yeah, no smu. No smu. Listen, we know you with the sixes right now. We wanna take it back to the beginning, man. Listen, every was a talk, you know what I'm saying On the podcast here, shout to Mo, you know what I'm saying? Back Quarter connection. This is, you know what I'm saying? The Feba squad I was on, you know what I'm saying? You 17, they had a conversation. Him and Quinn Cook was going back and forth about who was getting killed by Kyrie. You know what I'm saying? Now you were present with this, you know what I'm saying? As a, as a party, you have no bias in this. What really took place? Do you even remember that happening or was it just Kyrie was killing everybody because we trying to get to the bottom of this, whatever Kyrie did that morning, like he was letting people have it the entire day, bro. Who was guard him? Everybody was bro. Who was fucking James Cole? Everybody was, it was just, it was just one of 'em days, man.


You know, Kai's a special talent and Yes sir. When he gets into that mode of just like him being himself. Yeah. Like it's, it's fun to watch bro. Sometimes you just gotta stand to his side and just like, damn, this nigga is really good at basketball. Nah, 50 on us when we, or he had 50 on me in Brooklyn, his first game in Brooklyn. Did you see that in him though? Back then? Like damn, he gonna be a star in, I mean I played against Kai in high school too, so I got to see him then to him going to college, you know, him getting hurt early then obviously being in the league with him at the same time and some of the shit, some of the stuff he does bro, is just, you can't teach that bro. It's just Yeah, he, he unbelievable talent for sure. So he, he got a neutral answer.


Yeah, he, he can't, he, yeah, we try to get involved in this. Quin you safe on this part with shout to t Put it on Marcus. Marcus. That's thought man. Oh no. Mark Quin. That's homie for sure. We ain't put it on Marcus. Marcus put on quit. Yeah. Y'all gonna share that, share the torture that day. Yeah, but that team belonged. Y'all was fired. Shout to Brad. Bill, man, bill Jason Randalls on our team. Johnny O'Brien, Macadoo. Yeah. Who else am I missing? Tony Parker Gilchrist was on our team too, right? I think Gil was on our team too. Damn near everybody almost made the league on that team. It was close to Yeah. Mac is that who went to, did he go to North Carolina? Damn, I remember him.


Yeah. That's crazy. James was he, he played for the Warrior for a little bit. Okay. Yeah, I was already thinking about that. Yeah, but y'all, oh y'all was loaded. I had a good team. Yeah, BN started off and then talking about your high school days, obviously you was killing, man. Let's talk about how you got to UConn man. Are you the greatest walk on ever? Because we had a guy named John Lucas. John Lucas, my dog. Yeah, he walked on at Oklahoma State. He said he is the greatest walk on ever. And I heard say up the debate. Yeah. I don't know what his stat line was or what he, he ended up winning player of the year. Oh yeah, he can have, he can have that shit show you that. He gotta the j Luke was hooping Jay. Luke John is my dog, but hell no.


Hell no. It Scotty Pippen bro. Oh, okay. About Scotty too. He damn shit didn't, nah, it's Scott. Shout out to Luke, but you got a great, great origin story. Great childhood my nigga, but I'm asleep on that. Okay. Stage you not going for it. I'm not going bro. Nah, you right. Yeah. Scotty was, yeah, Scotty was. Now how did you land at? Who you Nah, It actually, and then Walked on to walk on at Baylor. No way. Wow. They was on there committing robbery if she was a walk on. I'm just, hey my boy getting shit done in real time. I like this. She walked on. That's crazy. Like, that's crazy how you know that.


But what, how did you, like what happened to make you a walk on at Ucon? Well, I graduated, I graduated high school and my, so I didn't go to school with my, my friends in public school. I went to a boarding school at St. Thomas Moore. And after I graduated, like all my boys, we all wanted to like finish school together and just go our separate ways from there. But my family had other plans for me. I think it was maybe in August, late August right before school started and I'm getting ready to decide where I'm gonna go. And my family had an intervention with me and in the basement on some Godfather shit lights was dim and all that. My aunts, uncles, my mom there, sister there and they kind of just pulled me aside and said, listen, we don't think you should go back to high school.


Yeah. So I'm like, well we already got the plan. I'll picked the school, you know, we are all going. Yeah. Like now you picking to college like dang. So I'm like, all right, so we picking the college, where am I going? So I loved North Carolina at the time. North Carolina was my favorite team. Kentucky was another I hell about as about Kentucky. Yeah. One too. John Calipari to this day still says I'm one of the only players that he didn't get that he went after. Yeah. Ooh. But you made a good decision though. Yeah, I went to ucon man, so I chose UConn. They, they didn't have any scholarships. I still wanted to go anyways, so I took, took a loan out. I knew I wasn't staying longer than a year anyway, so I'll pay this shit back at some point in time.


Nah, for sure. So like what, what made you pick Yukon though? Like what was it about? I looked at that I'm from Connecticut. Yeah. I know that I'm, I ain't know if it was like I just wanted to stay at home. Yeah. From Connecticut. I already had the history there. Like seeing them as a kid going to the games, seeing Jerome Dyson and Hashin de b get the hair braided by my h by my aunt as a kid. So I like Damn. Yeah. Jerome Dyson. Yeah. Yeah. I'm already part of the family so. And Stanley Robinson too. Rest his soul. Yeah. Rest in peace. Stan sticks. She to me used to get his hair braided. Yeah she had braids did he And my aunt used to do it. Damn. Shout out to auntie. Poor motherfucker. She got some hands on her old braid to be here is crazy bro.


She told sent out to, I gotta to get him the jail for Tam shit. Shout that shit to be number baby shit was my draft class out to she shout out to me. God damn for sure. Yeah, they, you kind. Lydia is different man. Man. So you could've went to Kentucky with Marcus ad Gilley Chico bro. Damn. Y'all would've had a, your squad was already crazy. That would've been you Anthony Davidson College would've been unstop. It would've been no re been there. Everybody about 40 bro. It should've been crazy bro. Both of y'all niggas on the defensive end. Sick. It was another school though. So it was just UC North Carolina, Florida was another one.


Mm, okay. U been crazy. UC was another one for me too. Okay. And Texas was the last one. All Damn Michael. I love UConn. When I was going, when I was high school, grade school man. Where do you rank yourself as Biggs Inka history. I done stayed there long enough to even be in the ranking. Okay. In terms of NBA career, I guess you could put myself up there somewhere, but college career, I didn't stay. I just, they breeded a lot of bigs. Yeah. That's underrated. You know what I mean? Sheem. Well Mecca probably the best ever say Mecca. That's for sure. Then I'm messing Sheem Sheem is up there. Em to beat Hasheem Charlie. Eva went to Charlie for sure. What's the Jeff? Adrian was another guy. Jeff Adrian. What's the boom?


Yep. Josh Bone. Yeah. Damn. All them played damn near the same time. Yeah, them bigs that front court. They had some killers at it. They had some killers that you can always keep a killer or two. I say I know a lot of people respect comfortable there. They need more respect. Even the dude that's what's Don. Yeah. I say Connecticut. He work, he killed, he killed that Connect kid too. Nah, that's hard. That's a program. I mean obviously they get that respect. But like you said, as far as putting up banners and consistency. Yukon, no question. Whooping shit. Yeah. Kimba got one. Baz got one. Who? Yeah. Who was the greatest player from Yukon? Would you say it's Ray Allen or would you say ooh, greatest player? Yeah. That's tough man. We have, we have a lot of guys man.


All right. Why they was at UConn? Who you think was the best? I mean I think for me personally for what I've seen, I would say Kimba because I got to witness like what he did. Yeah he was crazy. But I mean cardiac, the list, the list of guys that Yukon has, I mean it's hard to really choose the greatest of all time. You got Ray, you got Rudy. I'm gonna go with Kara Butler. Crown Butler had a crazy run too. You want crying over Kimba. I love Kimba to death was and Kimba had, Kimba got two. Kimba got two chips, right? Or that's Nah, nah, he one that's Bazo got two, got got two. Kran Butler, he just made Yukon look cool to me. Yeah. Like I knew Ray, I ain't see Ray out like that, you know I mean 96 I seen him at Iverson but I ain't watch it like that. I knew Rip Hamilton Kran is more relatable to where we but Ka from too Butran feel like I, I'm from the inner city.


I feel like he got in trouble. I know he got in trouble but you related to him more? Yeah I'm like he made me want to go there. That's where it was. And Ben Gordon was cold too. I wore a t-shirt because of Ben Gordon. But Karon Buller just really like, was like the, my thing with Kimba is just that run he had in the Big East. Crazy to take that and then still go get a chip. Like he really like got Yeah that's tough. What's your greatest game that you seen him play with? Like that garden game? Yeah that was the best that you ever to my boy G. He on my pro. Yeah he from Indiana. My pro team. You talking about bro, he scored off. Yeah he on my pro amp team. We gonna get right. We gonna get right though Every year forever. Yeah. Part of March Madness. Future. Future madness. He one shot moment every single year.


He shot a mama legend. But it's all good. G happens to the best of us man. Speaking of UCal days man you who was somebody there that like, I mean obviously had the time in league but people don't give him his just do a hot code. He was in college. Hey J Lamb was Jay Lam was crazy. Going crazy at Yukon. Yeah. Fuck my boys up. I fuck with his whole campaign man. Even how he rocking now? He smooth. Smooth criminal man. I like that. Smart. You a smart man. Hey I said that shit to him the other day too. Man. You a smart man my boy. You did right. I don't talk about people personal life but boy come on man. Hey come on man. Tap in If y'all know y'all know that boy. See here. Go nigga. Go Smart man. Boy.


Nah, Jaylen was, he was raw. He was raw. He was damn near X factor on that team. For sure. For sure. And then that year that it was them two that was going crazy. Yeah, Babs was going crazy. That Bazo it beat my guys man I was shit. Brian Bo Wright for sure. Crazy bounce Shevin I'm supposed to win. Yeah, that's crazy. I was at Butler after me and him met because of Butler but I was at Butler suit at the time. I remember that National championship. Yeah. I drove all the way to motherfucking Houston. You was? I was there for that too. Yeah you was tripping. You drove to Houston. See that? That game was awful. I was there too. Yeah I was to the final four and I saw what was the, my boys they was vcu.


We was in the club with the VCU U boy. They was out of pocket. Yeah, VC they I knew they was gonna lose. Nigga stuck out. Can't kick the, no that's how we was in Miami. I said well you, I ain't even mad at y'all. Y'all ain't supposed to be here anyway. Fuck here going shot. You sabot taking over. Yeah I see the mob. Okay So you take Porter. Come on, put that my give up. My fuck Gangster. But how was it? You come man. Obviously it was phosphorus but how was it? It was fast bro. It was fast. It like the moment I stepped on campus, it felt like I was walking off


the FL playoffs kickoff this weekend. And the action is always hitting up on the field at the Draft King sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draft King Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with draft King Sportsbook. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bits. If you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction, Boyd and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville, we're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all Colored. They Changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was when when you send it, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexi Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper. And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok And we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view. And I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We wanna Share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into Full circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd Nam Burkin tell about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Demers, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture and you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast. Movies, television, food, wrestling. Even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts Viki, That's short of Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Because Like once I got there I got red flagged obviously because why is the no more played in the nation taking a a loan out to paper school. Yeah. So I got red flag for about a week or two by the time I got back, you know, the season was about to start. I had to go to class and next thing you know we lost in the first round and I was walking across the stage for the draft. Yeah. So So you knew you was won and done though or you know what? I wanted to stay but the only reason, the only thing that kept me back from staying was we got banned for the tournament. Yeah. That next season. So that was really the only thing that if we didn't get banned I would've stayed. What? Nah, you can't play with the Nah. So you go to the league. God knew but I didn't know I was gonna go that high at that point.


You didn't. I knew I was gonna go lottery. I wanted to go like one or two. Oh yeah. Respect. But I knew I was going lottery. I'm like maybe if I go another year I can get myself up there. Yeah, for sure. We know obviously you know you landed in Detroit but was there any other places you thought you was gonna go or maybe had any insight thought who was gonna pick you up? Sacramento. Sacramento and Portland. Where the two teams I good workouts for. I didn't even work out for Detroit, which is crazy. I worked out for them at like midnight the night before the draft. They came in, Hey Joe Dumars came in. I worked out for them in New York.


Damn. That's crazy. You know what I'm saying? Like one of the biggest decisions in your life, you gotta hoop at midnight. Like bro you can't hit me up early in today bro. I was in my sleep. My agent called always said, get your ass up, you gotta workout. I said For who? They said for Detroit. I said they ninth. You said we You said we was going on lower than six. Yeah. How am I working off for ninth for? Mm. So he is like, yo, what's a good idea? Just do it just in case. I'm like all right babe, let's do it. Was it bittersweet? 'cause you said you thought you was going six and below. Yeah, I mean getting drafted is always, I mean it's, there's nothing like it bro. That's a fact. You can never explain that feeling, hearing your name being called. Yeah, like people play play video games to hear their name called like I got to really do it in real life. Yeah. Facts. You what I'm saying. So yeah. Yeah. It was a surreal moment because I knew my life was gonna change forever.


Like I wasn't just Andre drummer from Middletown, Connecticut. Like I'm Andre Drummond, the NBA player who made it from this small town in Connecticut. So hell yeah. A lot of pressure came with it too. But I was ready for it and grateful for the opportunity. How many teams did you work out for? Three. Oh okay. Yours was short? Cleveland, Cleveland Sack and Portland. Oh, okay. And y'all had a, that's a hell of a draft y'all had too. Yeah. Great draft. Great draft. Especially you look in that draft you got Chris Milton and Draymond second round. Second round. That's crazy. And damn Chris Milton second round took him, Detroit took him second round.


They he could be Hall of Famers. Hmm? They could be Hall of Famers, Draymond and Chris Middleton could probably make the Hall of Fame. I ain't bad at all. I definitely not bad at Chris Detroit outta pocket. Y'all traded him as soon as y'all got him. Yeah. Damn near, damn near trade for year bro. We took him for, what was that Brandon Jennings trade? Yeah. Shout out to be Jennings. Yeah, that's my man. One of my favorite pgs I played with man. He got me to, he got my money so I always love Brenda for that. Oh okay. So that's all. Yeah it's alle. That's hard. Yeah. Damn. That's crazy bro. That's hard. Shout to be Jennings. So you get there your rookie year was stamping gun to your coach at that time?


No, I had Lawrence, Frank Lawrence Who? Shit damn unison. Oh shit. Frank Lawrence Frank, the executive is d than Lawrence. Frank, the coach Lawrence Frank hated me by the way. He fucked. No I remember when, when I was a free agent the Clippers, I was about to go to the Clippers. He was like he's not gonna play. I don't like him. Like damn well Frank gimme a chance here. Damn. What you do to Frank bro? I don't know. I think I was talking shit to him when he was a coach in Jersey. Probably. But that's crazy bro. Smart all over that nigga name boy. Nah, but shout to him. Don't nobody like you really though. I played for, I played for six coaches. Damn my time in Detroit. Yeah we, we was getting off, getting off of coaches.


How long you played for L Frank season? Damn it didn't Stan came. No, Stan didn't come till damn who was other Stan that after we had Mo Cheeks after John Lore. So it was Lawrence, Frank, John Lore, Mo Cheeks, Stan Van Gunney, Dwayne Casey, I guess I remember doing Casey. Yeah. Damn how many years? Where was you in Detroit? It was eight right? Eight years. Oh okay. You some time. I don't remember who, who was your coach when I hit you with that move? Damn. Yeah it was a move. I hit him with a fake bounce pass. Oh yeah. You know I was trying to reach you that shit. Yeah he was, he got, he got good hands so he, he when he played pick and Rose he be trying to rip the guards and I get the motherfuckers for show.


Yeah you got good hands. So I fake like I was going pass it to the big and he went for it. Kill my ass. Yeah I that picture I was smiling like a motherfucker. No but he be ripping guards all the time and he go down and dunk this shit. But nah you and Brendan, Jens in that pick and roll. Y'all throwing it off the backboard shit. I like when y'all got together that shit was up. Man what's so crazy about that is there is an infamous Patriots game. DeShaw whooped our ass and that's all Brandons did was stole lobsters to you. It was crazy. Louis gonna find the clips. It's always resurface bro. Y'all was murdering us and all they was doing throwing Lo. I was like god damn. Yeah the pick your poison you gonna let him score or let me score. We didn't. Obviously it was either way. It was, we had no say so in that situation y'all was killing us.


Oh God. I remember when he was, when he first came in the league, you know talking to like the older guys, they like he's strongest as fuck. I'm like the dude, he like 19 like no man, he grown. He older than that but like he's so strong. So when he would set screens like he slip, he slip out of 'em a lot and go get the live. So I used to be scared 'cause I, everybody talk about how strong he is. I'm like man don't hit me. Don't hit me. Don't hit me. And he'll slip out. I'm like thank God. But I wasn't play no defense because I worried. I was like please don't hit he'll go get the live but nah y'all pick row's crazy. I just want to ask you, okay you was there when Josh Smith got there Smooth and y'all had Greg Monroe. That was a big ass team though.


That was one of the sickest that one of the sick. That's one of the worst lineups. Yo. I started Line was Choice Bullets, continuous Coldwell Pop, Josh Smith, Greg Maro, myself bad. No damn y'all straight defensive minded bro. Y still the Atlanta selfies all three. Stan was bullshit. Stan was at three. I said we're good. I love Josh and death's. No way. He's played a three bro. Ain't no way. I was running up and down two, two big long. We made that shit work though. We made that shit work man. They had to take, they had to get smoother off the bench man. Yeah they put Tish on in there. Yeah. Yeah. That made more sense though.


Yeah, I mean he's a natural three as Smooth playing. Well Smooth run the floor. Yeah, but Smooth was trying to make shoe threes in that era though. Oh that was all Shout to Smooth. Keep shooting work on your game. Oh my God. But you know, you know what the crowd was that was like no matter the city kid. But that was not the line up. Nah. I was like yeah this ain't gonna last long. Not a lot of spacing. Nah. Lot of spacing at all. I wanna to get back to that but you was talking about the physicality factor of how strong you were. How was your life adjustment to the NBA from college? It was different because I remember my first few games like playing against like real grown men. I'm like damn I gotta start fucking lifting weights.


And then we played, I played the white for the First time and that was the day I was like yeah I need to really like buckle down because I never felt so helpless as a player in my life. Like he was like doing the post movement. I just was like not there like nah. Dwight was crazy. He just hit me finish. I couldn't, couldn't stop him. So hey man Djo welcome to the league moment. Yeah, Dwight Howard for sure. Like it was personal actually like every time I saw Dwight I tried to violate. Yeah. Yeah like it was personal. Like I didn't like what he did. Yeah. Dwight was different. Like he was laughing and shit. You know you big ass kids, you was giggling and shit. Scoring on me, you know dunking the ball. I can't do shit about it. You just gotta take that though bro. Nah, I'm not accepting that shit. No I'm, no, I'm saying, I'm talking about in the game like you realize you physically not ready.


Yeah. That was Orlando Dwight? Yeah this was Houston. Oh shit, you ain't even see Orlando Dwight. Nah, I don't want you at either. Yeah, he too young. Oh, Orlando Dwight. Yeah. He the on top of your motherfucker biscuit man. Man what I used to, I threw a floater, hit the top of the backboard. I shot it at the front, hit the top of the backboard. Scary ass. I was scared as fuck. Dwight was crazy. It was like he blocked everything. And that's one thing that people, I know whatever you say the jokes is cool but like the reason why they got to the finals was because Dwight was that fucking good bro. It was a progress team that had all shooters. Turk Lewis a six nine point. But Dwight Howard was like that man. Man he was still double double machine though. In Houston? Yeah, he was still Dwight fucking nah, he was different.


He from Animal in Orlando for sure. Oh yo. Rookie year you was a, no this might be a sophomore year. I believe you was a part of the infamous, you didn't play much of that game but the infamous Kyrie and Brandon Knight, Brandon Knight back and forth to witness that live. You recall that? I was, that was my rookie year. I was hurt. I had, I had a trust fracture in my back. Yeah, yeah. I was there for that. That shit was insane. Like we need that energy back in the All Star Game. Like I know that ain gonna happen man. I wasn't guys going at each other man that that was great. Basketball. Like we still talking about that Denver team later. Yeah that was elite basketball then you had Tim Hardaway and Dion Waiters do it like Dion on that shit too. See yeah we need that energy back man. How was that to be a part of that environment though?


It felt like street ball man. Like it felt like we was really just out there hooping with no conscious. Like no one was thinking it was just like, you get a bucket, I got a score on you now. Like it was, it was dope. Like guys were really, really playing. Man. Brenda Knight was cold. He just got caught up in a lot of bullshit moments. He was, bro, Brenda Knight was hard as fuck. He was cold man. He got some, he's one of the most hardworking people I've met in my entire life. And we have the same trainer in Miami. Shot the Remy workouts. Yeah bro. Bk man he work hard as shit bro. BK He a solid nigga too, man. Solid people. I know he was cold. I mean he still is good at basketball but he was super cold. It just, people catch him on the wrong highlight on and he got some fire highlights.


Tape. His highlights tape are k highlights. Like his highlight tapes are crazy. They just never play them but they always play him getting dunked across by Kyrie. But you go the best dunk of all time. That motherfucker when dunked that it's, it's, it's, it is one of the most disrespectful because he fell and went flat. That's when meme star first coming out Little. Yeah. Hey Dr. Nigga, he fell into somebody casket. Nigga they closed that bitch on me. That's crazy. That's but you, I remember, I remember watching that shit live bro. 'cause I, dude I was still hurt. So I'm sitting on, I'm sitting on the bench in my suit watching this shit. Mind you, I've never seen Lobster City live until this game.


Yeah. Mm. Shit. So when I saw that shit I'm like nah, this is the NBA for real. Like Yeah bro, this is, they they had a man, I I I gotta talk to you brand. I, I would never handle that as good as nah we we fuck with B Knight. Nah, nah. Nice. BK made. Who the best big you done played against so far in your career? You gonna give it to Dwight or somebody else? Yo B man Yoic. Mm and BA couple years back. Who the outta him too though, out of those two? I would say B because he is more physical. Mm. Like I had to really like put force in the guard in him. Okay. Like with Yoki, I just use my speed, I'll just guard him.


Okay. But he's crafty man. Crafty, crafty player Smart knows how to get his teammates involved. Yeah. His IQ is just high man. Yeah. So you make one bad move he going, you gonna make you pay for it. Do you like this era? Like 'cause you I don't, I hate it. Okay. That was quick little nasty but, but I was about say I hate this shit. Do you see it kinda like turning a little bit though? 'cause it, it's starting to go back a little bit. Yeah. Come say you got some bigs that can play. Like I know like 13 years ago it used to throw the ball in the post song and like let him get after it. Yeah. Yeah. And then it went to all threes. Like you usually either catch a live or you gotta shoot all threes. Right. And now I see it kind of transitioning back to like you could throw the ball in the post some of the bigs and still operate and you said you hate this era.


So I respect it. How do you adapt though? Yeah. Yeah, shit, just being, being athletic is really what helped me throughout the, throughout the changes of the game. Like when they were playing small ball five and yeah everybody shooting threes, I was able to guard one through five so, So you know I really kept my body right throughout that time. I didn't let you know the game. Like discourage me add you up. Yeah. Discourage. I didn't, I didn't let it, I didn't let it happen 'cause I, I wanted it too and I offered a service that teams always need. I still give you 15 rebounds and they gotta guard me on the other end too. So Choice is yours. You really wanna keep putting a six five guy on me and I can guard him too. Yeah. Oh yeah man. So I mean the choice is yours how you want that to go keep you in business for sure. I want to ask you as a crazy rebounder more shot, attempts a lot more crazier three.


So we used to Does that help y'all brand easy For sure. Keep shooting that bullshit. If you want to say easy stats. Yeah I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get it. Yeah, facts. Most definitely. I never thought about it like that. Like yeah I'm, if I'm a rebound I'm like yeah shoot 63 Crazy. Shoot. Yeah shoot that shit. I get them. Yeah, that's a fact. That help the payroll shit. Yeah. Contract renewal baby. I wanna talk about it man. Your first Allstar, it'll being one of the most special all star games around man. How was that moment? Crazy. Kobe's last All Star Game. Insane, insane in Toronto. Yeah that was, it was cool. The shit out there. Like it wasn't even enjoyable. Like you couldn't even like walk outside in peace like you were freeze the moment you stepped outside.


Damn. But that game in itself was just memorable from like start to finish from like walking into the locker room, seeing him, you know, being on the same cordes and being able to interact with him knowing that this is like the last time you'll really be on the floor with him. Because I think we played them already twice. So yeah, I didn't get to see him again after that. Damn. And it was just a special moment for me 'cause as a kid growing up and watching Kobe and watching the things he's done with this league and to have a moment to share the court with him one last time, like that shit is, you'll never forget that bro. Like I got that highlight tape playing in my house in Miami for no reason. Like it's just, that's hard. It's circulated. Just that, that game. Yeah.


Did you, like when you got announced we gonna make the Allstar team, what was that feeling like? I know like getting drafted, it's the ultimate feeling but when I got my one nine Allstar nine, like that shit felt like unbelievable. Like it's a crazy feeling. Yeah it is. Like nah this is it. Like I'm at the pinnacle, like I'm top 24 or whatever. Yeah. If you want to chase it, you you start chasing it after that. Yeah because like once you get there I'm like nah, I gotta stay here. Like if you get it once, it's almost like see shit always happen, see how to just disrespect me every time. Threw the shit out there earlier. I let this nigga talk about his journey once off. Did you hear what I'm saying? He said when you make it once it's a fluke.


No I got you, I got you drum. He do that, he do that a lot. He get offended. It ain't nothing. He said nigga, he start to chase it. Yeah. So you wanna keep going 'cause you don't wanna make it, you don't wanna make it once. Right. And then it is a fluke. It was like they, that came out the wrong way. I, I tried to get, give it a bay early, like I made it once like yeah I, I won't get it. Nah, that's sound good though. Nah, definitely, definitely a great time man. Just having my name being called for the work that I put in to help my team get into the playoffs that year too. Yeah. And that was the First time they made it since 2004 too, so.


Oh yeah. An amazing experience. Not even just for me, for my family. I think that's what really meant more to me. Yeah. Being able to share that moment with my mom and sister because those are like my, my my staples. I, that's who I, who I lean on. So to share that moment with them, have them be there on a stage where they get to see LeBron James, you know, and these other, these other big time people. It's nothing like it. Yeah, that's, and I wanted to shout your fan man. Like you said early on they, they, you know what I'm saying, we, we see a lot of situations where people are in situations where they gotta pull their family up or make all the decisions your family held you down and say Nah we not going back to high school where you looking out your best. Right? Yeah. So it's for them to be a positive influence in your life and for them to enjoy that moment, like you said, that's fire bro for that moment.


For sure. Yeah man. Definitely. Yeah. Seeing everything come to fruition. Just everything that we planned and you know, prayed about. Yeah. You got a lot of faith in your mama. You mama always said I like man I got the bitches and I, I'm six 12, dude, I'm, she ain't got no, she ain't got no mama. You had different that money first bitch take shout to for come. Yeah. De definitely rest will come. Shout to mom man. Yeah. Fact shout to mama. Appreciate everything you do.


Shout to mama. Shout to Bob Dukes man. Listen, I wanna talk about, I mean we gonna talk about other teams for show, but one of the most underappreciated years is Blake Griffin in Detroit. Man. Man, people need to speak on that more bro. I know people talk about his live city days, but what he did that year, he was still hurt as well. Right. Y'all was going crazy to get to the playoffs man. Talk about that year man. 'cause BG was in the what, top three in MVP Bowl that year. Yeah, they both was hooping that year. Yeah that was y'all was killing. Yeah, I think we knew that if we didn't do it now, this was it. So like between myself, Reggie and Blake, you know, we came together that summer like yo, like now's the time.


But we know Blake, you know, he was having the, the knee issues like if we don't get the best outta him now, like so this is, this is it. So I think we just had that, that disposition and that mindset that we weren't gonna be denied. Yeah. And we just had this level of focus as a, as a team. Not even just us three but as a team we had this level of focus that like now is the time. 'cause if we don't do it now we're all getting fucking shit outta here. Yeah. And it happened. Yeah. And it happened. So shout to Blake Griffin man, you know, he, he didn't have to do it like he didn't have to to put his body through that throughout that entire season. Come back during the playoffs and still try to play on a, on a hurt knee and still produce and was still hooping still, still still hooping, still still produced.


So, you know, Blake was one of my favorite teammates that I had too. You know, he definitely brought the best out of me too because I was still learning. I was still young bro. Like if you really think about it, like I was 26, 27 and you know, Blake has been around for a minute and he is an established guy too. So I learned a lot from him too about just being a winner. Thanks. So shout out to Blake Griffin, appreciate what you've done for me in my career forever. Grateful for sure man. Shout out to bg, one of the coldest man. Yeah. And that was a magical year for him for sure. Like you said, bouncing back from that injury, still killing two and then that was what second Allstar nine for you that year? Yep. Yeah, yeah. Second one. LA What was that like?


I just wonder what that feeling like the second, was it like the second one? The second one we spin a block. The second one was just, you know, it was, it, it was cool for me because I kind of, I got in late, I was a reserve a reserve a fill in for somebody who didn't play in. So it wasn't like I made it, but I made it. Oh, that counts. That counts. It still counts. Would've it would've been, it would've been better if I was picked, but yeah. Yeah. Still still a great feeling, you know, getting two of them and you know, playing in that game always is is fun though. Most definitely. Now I gotta ask, you know what I'm saying that the next year you make a change.


What's that like? You know what I'm saying? Going for being an organization, you was in Detroit for eight years now, your First time switching up to a different city. How was that like? Especially, I know like people talk about the actual situation of basketball, but mentally what's it like, alright, now I'm in a different phase in my life. Yeah. Getting traded from Detroit was, that shit was like a movie, bro. Like it didn't, it didn't make sense. I didn't understand it. None of it. I didn't process it. Well I, I don't think I took it very well because I was kind of blindsided by it and I didn't know why. I thought the relationship we had in that city was a lot stronger than what was presented. But Hmm. You know, I forget that this is also a business.


You want to retire out there? You want to retire? Hell yeah. I wanted to retire in Detroit. Man, that was, that was it. That's home. I still got a crib there now. Yeah. Don't too many people say that. Yeah. Shit.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with the Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexi Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper, And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok And we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view. And I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We wanna Share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into Full Circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL General Manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL History? I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First, where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series, along with my co-host Brian Murphy, athletes first, CEO. We're pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together. You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension and Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent shock waves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars, like Dak Prescott, Tua Tgo, Viola and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the First time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their clients signing on the dotted line. Listen to the Athletes First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I grew. You fuck with them? I grew, I grew up in Detroit, so like Detroit was home for me. Straight up. It felt like I just got there like when I was 23, 24, where I already experienced life. I got there 18 years old, so I was still a kid. Okay. So everything I learned was out there. Yeah, for sure. But being traded in sent to Cleveland, I was, was weird because Tristan Thompson was still there. So I'm like, how does this work for me? Nah, you good. TT shout out to tt. Yeah, TT 13. By the time I, I didn't, I didn't understand what the, what the plan was and how this fits. Like what the purpose of this trade, like how does this work for my career. Mm. And lo and behold to find out that it set my shit spiraling.


Yeah. My stock just went down, you know, the appreciation for my game went down. So I had to get to a new mindset of just like, how do I maneuver and how do I shake this, this NAR narrative that is painted on me right now? Yeah, for sure. Not one of my favorite clips, but like one of my things I think the kids need to see, when you was giving games to the kids, you was just like, look how this game goes. You know? So I've been here, I've been here, I've been here. Right. This game can take you anywhere, but you gotta always be ready. That's like a true testament in that situation. You was like, now I'm, I'm somewhere where I know I'm elite but I'm in a situation that don't make sense. But I still gotta keep my mental here 'cause I know I'm still worth some. No, that was one of the most fire videos I seen.


I was a max player, a hundred million dollars and I had to go figure it out again. Yeah. Yeah. I mean a lot of people don't wanna do that though. And with that situation it wasn't planned to, like a lot of people ask like, yo, did you plan to do that? I said, nah. Like I was genuinely like in the moment with that situation 'cause I'm seeing the next generation of what I was and if I can just shed a little bit of light and show them there's so much more to this game than just scoring 30 points a game, you know, that I feel like I've done my job and it was just one of those moments I feel like I really, it really stuck what I said I did because it was personal bro.


It was just us. It was just me and my team that I was coaching. It was just us. There was 10 of us had us in a circle and I was talking to them like, it was like, I'm with y'all. These kids are fucking 15, 16. They don't know what the fuck I'm talking about. But the way I explained it to them, it's like bro, there's so much to this game that, that that has to offer. Yeah. You take this shit seriously. Who embraced you though in Cleveland though? Did anybody like make you feel comfortable while you was there? Or you just the team? The team was great. Yeah. And the organization, Cleveland's organization was great. Like they definitely knew that I was like uncomfortable and I did not, I still wasn't like understanding what was going on because this was new. I've never been traded before, bro. Like yeah.


I was like, I asked my agent, I said, what the fuck do I do? Like I've never been traded before. Do I like, do I go home or nigga pack your shit? He like go home, pack of bag, shit outta here first. Did you get traded in the summer or like was it No, this was the, this was like eight minutes before the trade deadline. Like I was damn bro. I was at the airport. So how did you find out? I was at the airport about to get up, about to go on a plane to, we're gonna OKC in Detroit and we're about to leave and I'm about to pull up to the airport. My agent calls me. He said, what are you doing? I'm like, I'm about to get the airport, I'm about to get out. I'm like, what's good? He's like, don't go. Yeah, I'm looking at time.


I said that shit. I'm like, damn nigga it's fucking 3 57. Trade that line over in a couple minutes. Like what you, what you mean? He's like, nah, I think they, they found a deal. I think you're going to Cleveland. Wow. So I said okay. So I said, now what? He said, what you mean? I was like, fuck do I do now? He's like, go home. Yeah. I was like, well then what? He is like pack a bag you. He was like, pack it back for like a week. I think they got a road trip. Pack it back for a week. We'll come back and get the rest of your shit. So I'm like, so like that's it. I don't get to say bye to nobody or none of that shit. He's like, nah bro, that's it.


That's the business bro. That's it. It's the way of the game. So that after that day is when I kind of became like cold. Mm, nah fuck yeah. I became cold to like this, this business. Yeah. Like it's hard for me to like create friendships in this business now. Yeah. 'cause of how fast and how easily we're moved around like fucking chess pieces. Oh God. That's good. They, that's good. They embrace you though out there in Cleveland. Yeah, but they, they embraced me. I love, I love Cleveland. I had one of my best times in Cleveland. Yeah. They really, really embraced me because I wanted to win. Like I really wanted to prove people wrong that I am a winner. Like I'm not just a fucking guy that averages 15 to 15 and doesn't win like I wanted to win. Yeah. And that was really where that sparked for me too. Where like I gotta learn how to win and the rest of the shit will come.


Yeah. Nah, I Getting traded is awful. I remember when I was in Boston, you know how you make it. You like, ooh you Getting traded? I was one of them. Dudes like, yeah you, you probably on your way out boy. And then it was me, they like Tee look, I talk to you. I said, oh Eric Kimba made it worse. Kimba out. Yeah. Look. Yeah. Oh. I'm like, I'm de sad. I've been about the 12 year. I'm like nigga I'm about to cry. Nah, that shit feel different bro. So I can only imagine what that was like and the, I don't know what it is, but I think it's just even worse when they been like, when you about to be on the team flight or you about to get on the team, shit is worse bro. I was at the airport.


Yeah. Niggas shoulda called me as a career bro. I could have chilled out. Yeah, you knew this once, once they canceled practice they were meet at the plane. I'm like somebody's getting moved. So I kind of had an idea that something wasn't gonna happen but I didn't know what was gonna be me. Damn. You know, he felt some way. He said damn, I can't say bottle nobody. Yeah. Trying to say only plane. They probably weren't where the fuck I'm at. Yeah. Like you said you game eight years into the, he like, damn I came peace up. My people like, nah, that's crazy. For sure. That's, that's some bad vibes right there. Sick business man. How did y'all play 'em after the Detroit deadline? Did y'all play? Detroit Pandemic happened. Damn pandemic happened. Yeah, I went to Cleveland and I think I played six games and then the pandemic happened.


Oh shit. That's what I, I didn't get to see them again. So I got traded too that year. Fuck I got traded back to Atlanta. That's who you got traded? I got traded back to Atlanta. He was in the good scene during the pandemic then They ain't closed. Nah, we was, Atlanta was in Miami. Oh yeah. They, they didn't give a fuck by that. He brought that shit up here. See, fuck you always fuck. You know what's so crazy? You know shout to oh you know Covid, we took it serious. This nigga, this nigga had a party. You, you family now you know this nigga has a party. He got niggas taking tests. You can't come in my house. You get your nose. This nigga getting there, bitch getting everybody sick. He never died the next day.


He can't come here without somebody lied. Somebody ain't take they test man. Because I was, I was good. He was fucked the next day straight. I just woke up. It was the next day. Shit. We had a hell a time. It was a great party. Everybody coming with they papers. I'm like yeah, swab 'em again because I don't know. Yeah. Make sure I woke up, it was done. I couldn't taste names. I was done. I called niggas like, Hey Y Ys like, oh niggas in city for a month. Hey you know what's crazy? I, I still think about that time where like everything shut down and it's crazy that we blamed Rudy Gold bare for this and he did not get to leak Covid but him touching the Michael, he definitely, he definitely didn't help the call.


That was the craziest gifts of all time. He didn't help the call. He definitely did. I remember that though. That was for that too. Yeah, he is wild. He's one of the ills for that for sure. Yeah. We start coughing and rubbing the mics. He sick cold. He said it didn't two weeks later. That's global pandemic. Yo. That is wild. Remember? Yeah, back. That's one of the craziest moments. Like, because I remember that it was a another game that happened. They just like stopped it like right at half. They was like, no niggas gotta go home. They stopped our game. It was Vince Carter last year and they was like, yeah the game's about to be over and whatever. Like they about to end the league. They was telling us during the game and they was like, y'all finish game.


And they was just like, everybody was like, put Vince in. Vince in Vince went, we was playing New York and Vince went in, played like the last quarter, hit a couple shots and some shit. Angry. It's like I'm done. Damn man. That's crazy. That's crazy. Crazy. His 20th year too I think. Yeah, it was like 22. I don't know what year was something crazy? He was really shitty too. How many years did you spend in Cleveland? Shit, like a year and a half. Oh okay. And then it was LA right? Yeah. I was gonna ask you how was, I mean obviously he played some tall cities, but how was that going to LA? 'cause like I know them Laker fans, that shit's crazy. Brown. Was there like how was that like I know that's a different type of pressure. Yeah, I mean going into a big market for the First time was insane.


Like they really, if you don't got, if you're not strong-willed, they will talk your ass outta not playing basketball no more. Damn. So for me, I mean I went there with a mindset just to try to help the team in the best way I can. Both ad and LeBron were hurt when I got there. So I was playing under man at the time too. So I did what definitely I could. We made it to the playing game. We won the playing game. So my experience wasn't bad. I mean Lowkey, I would've stayed if they offered so, but they had a different different plan. So it is what it is. I enjoyed my time. It was great. Great to play with LeBron. Great to play with ad both great players.


Wish you could have did more. I got a question. Shoot it ad or NB in what sense? Game like skill wise? Yeah, indeed. You think he got more skilled? Ad who? Drum A VPB. I mean Joe, I mean mainly I say that because I've played against them both bro. Yeah, no this your take bro. You in the league. I'm I respect it. I played against them both. I mean ad is uber skilled. Like he is super skilled. It's not even, not even a question. Yeah. Yeah. But the shit that Joel and B does at seven foot and almost 300 pounds, it's that. Has he? Yeah. Yeah. It's ridiculous bro. Yeah. Yeah.


Like what do you do with that? Not only is he beating you with guard moves, he gonna catch you in the paint too and body you. Yeah. Ad if he catch that on the pick and roller the pop pick and pop to the elbow, he's dangerous. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like with him B there's just so much more shit that he, he throw at you. I think him B ISO game is better than ad. Oh for sure. I think ad he uses quickness and his athletic ability more. Right. Joel B you can really just throw on the ball and be like watch out and let him work. Yeah. He about, yeah first me, I guarded that nigga in practice every day. I was a test on for him. You was just turning shit. No, for sure. I just asked you that bro because just listening to your story, I know a little bit about you but like over the conversation DJ asked you these questions.


You played with a lot of the best big man. Yeah. In like our era of basketball. Like Blake Griffin and all them niggas is crazy. That is crazy. When you think about it, who would you say is an underrated like big that don't get a lot of recognition that you would probably like, oh he cold if y'all ain't really tapped in or he is good. I don't wanna say cold. Mm. I got put stuff behind that. Dang. For sure I underwriter big. That I think is nice that I don't think get a lot of like Avi bout er skill play skills. Yeah. But I knew you play with him. I'm like he kind of nice play with him too. Yeah. In Chicago. Yeah in Chicago. Boutcher bucket. Yeah. Yeah.


Score I oh yeah, Che Defense. But that's not why they pay him 20 me and boosts the same level of defender. That's crazy. Come on bro. He not getting no stops bro. Dero stops. I never, I never once said I was the best defender. I compete but I never was a like that's what the sad thing is say I tell I compete. I compete. I ain't, I tried, I'm a team defender. I play the scheme. Yeah I can steal the ball. Well his one of his first man I say that to him. What the fuck is that score always the, that's crazy as far.


Oh shit. I wanna ask both of you this obviously, you know, So you coach Teague coach and our model for sure. How was it like talking to kids about basketball? Like trying to translate? 'cause y'all played at such a high level, obviously y'all greater with y'all both did. How was it translating to kids like it seems like kids now just like they don't give a damn about anybody's resume. They're like, we on what we on. How is it hard? Like that's what, that's exactly what it is. Yeah. How is it like trying to get through to them? You gotta try to relate to them in their way. Like you can't talk to them like, yo you need to do this or this. How you do it. Like you gotta to shoot the shit with 'em. Ask 'em what they fuck with what you enjoy. Like, oh you like playing a game? What game you play? Then you slip in a few conversations like yo, like what you think about this, what you see when you on the on the floor, how do you make your next guy better?


But I think just the little things with this generation is what's gonna be beneficial. Just kind of really trying to understand them. Mm. Yeah I'm throughout with like, you just gotta kind of encourage this group. Like I know I grew up, my coach was always was like on yo on you like you gotta do this. That's what I mean like trying to try to relate to their better nature. Yeah. So now you gotta, they they so used to everybody kind of encouraging them or babying them like right spooned. So everybody more used to being catered to and everybody ego getting stroke like, there you going be great, you're gonna be great, you're gonna be great. And I think you gotta kind of play into that. You still give 'em real game like, hey ain't gonna be that easy. Like you gotta do it this way, this way. But you also gotta encourage 'em.


'cause they don't, they don't hear too many negatives no more. Right. Like if you hear a negative now it's like he don't like me. Like he don't like so he a hater. Yeah. Say hundred percent. Hundred percent. And now, and now kids don't have to fight. I ain't gonna say they don't, but like you can transfer now if you don't like that coach that on league bro. Yeah. That's crazy. Like that's a great question. Like if being a number one player in your class and it's NIL money, like what you think you would've got like man I would've, you probably, definitely would, would let that shit out man. What? I would've bled that out, man. Could got an M.


No question. No more point in the nation. No question for sure. See you see what AJ got? Yeah. You, you a couple three folks. Andre was like that. Remember you would've got paid nigga. Well that would've changed your rebound seven blocks to get the beauty shop. Brave some to you nigga. Like would, that would've changed your mindset though? Like you knew you were going one and done but like if you got an NIL money and you don't wanna Player Nation, they like I'm gonna give you $7 million.


You think your mindset would've changed? Like yeah, I would've stayed. Hmm. Yeah, I would've stayed. I mean I already told you, like I said before, I would've, I wanted to stay anyways. Damn. Why Don? You wanted that college experience or? Well, partly, partially because I went to all boys school in high school. Yeah. That feels that mental was strong and I, and I feel like I didn't really experience life. I feel like I was a pre, well not shout out, shout to Saint Thomas more shout to Jason Tatum too. Jason Tatum? Yeah. He went to all boys school too. Oh shit. He, he feels my pain. They used to come back. Shout at same Thomas more though. So did y'all, anybody shaad outta pocket? Did y'all have anybody come perform at your school? Because they had sexy risk. Yeah, he, he had Nel it good how at his high school it was all boys represented reached out od I, I hope that's not true.


They reached out and said that's not true. But that is nasty work. Shout out to that pimp rally. I up St. Louis. Nah, that's real though. Yeah, real man. Hey listen man, we send it to, that's the NB Chantel Post bro. You gotta be careful nigga, if you pro when I there. Nah, shit, I didn't either. Alright. But that's tight. Damn. Y'all don't get a pro or none, huh? Hell no, dude, we, we got sisters bro. I was always playing a a u and shit, so I never got to go to it.


Damn. That's tough bro. I couldn't imagine going to an all boys school. I mean, shout out to it wasn't awful man. It wasn't awful. It wasn't as bad as you think it was. I mean, I lived in Connecticut too, so I got to go home and shit. Nah, it it wasn't bad. You was locked in though. Yeah. I mean you would probably be more locked in on your education than sports. Hell yeah. Shout to Jerry Quinn. Yeah. Was that, was that another decision from your mom and your sister? No question. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I, I played one season at Capital Prep in Hartford and it was like playing against children. Yeah. So after that season my mom was like, yo, we gotta go somewhere else. So you straight up she didn't gimme much of a choice. We visited a couple schools, went to South Kent, went to Wilham and Munson and then St.


Thomas Moore. Damn. Your mom had a vision bro. Like how tall were you? My mom didn't really know much about basketball. Which is, which is the crazy part. My mom didn't really start learning basketball until I got to St. Thomas Moore. Oh, okay, okay. How tall were you like in seventh or eighth grade? Shit, probably right. Damn. So when you hit your growth spurt, I don't even think I did. I think I was just big. Always bro. It's crazy. I mean I've sight since my sophomore high school though. I'm six. That's when your numbers was crazy. That's when I found out about you. Sophomore year. I've been to sight since my sophomore niggas seven blocks, bro. I know, I heard you bro. I used to always watch rivals. I remember he, he was dribbling and shit though.


Yeah, I remember. I'm like this nigga here, you wasn't that motherfucker big motherfucker. Nah, motherfucker put on that college plate. Motherfucker. He sha can't on that shot. Can't drum that shot. I for sure you, you was, you was skinny nigga. Yeah, no, for sure. He, he was like handling and shit. Yeah, I remember it was a Pango video of you and you was crossing niggas and shit. I'm like, nah, damn. Shout to Pango. I was like, So you started off as a guard or they always get you? Yeah, I was always, I was always taught to play every, if you watch my video some high school, I always say I want to be able to do everything. Mm. I never wanna limit myself. Yeah. So I would always play that way. Yeah. Bring the ball up. Pass. Shoot. I love bass. I like getting my teammates open so I used to watch him.


What you think the best part of your game is though? I know you the greatest rebounder of all time, but that's what you said. Passing. Passing. Yeah, definitely. Definitely. For sure A good passing for sure. The underrated part of your game that I think is your ability to steal the ball from guards. Like if you watch, like I obviously I'm a basketball head, he will pick point guards pockets all the time. Like they'll try crossing. That was like a thing where I'm from though like, like in Connecticut, like if you steal the ball, almost like getting dunked on. Damn. Yeah. So like for me, like I always gotta, I gotta throw out of that like steal the ball from people. Okay. I used to pick everybody pocket. I like and then he get on a fast break long as hell. He get on a fast break. Punch that shit. Hell yeah. I used to be like, this fucker get dribble though.


Like if you run at him he gonna throw it behind his back. Like I guarantee it's a high. Like Luis will find it, you on a fast break throwing it behind your back, going down punching that bitch. I'm like yeah. Did you play with any other pros in high school? Against? Against Oh Damien Lee. Okay. Yeah. Damon Lee Burner. That's Steph shot. The Dame Lee. Okay. Damn. Who was the hardest matchup in high school that you remember? High school. Probably a joke. Yeah. High school wasn't, I mean. Oh, y'all didn't play nobody. Isaiah had Isaiah Austin. Isaiah Austin was up there with me. Isaiah Austin was hard. Isaiah Austin, Jeff Baylor. Yeah.


Got Aaron. Aaron Gordon played against him too. How was that? Pj? Pj What's bro from fucking Kirson Harrison played against him. CJ Fair played against him. Played CJ Fair played bro. Y'all niggas, niggas was wrong in high school. Lon Noel. What was that like? Because he was, oh I tried to kill him every time I saw him. Mm. He was bigger than smoke. Yeah. Yeah, he was bigger than him. What you average against Ner? You have to look bro. Real, real time figure out man. Mike was like that though. He, you, you was I'll take you though. He was too, too big. Nah, he too strong bro. He ain't too strong. Like this nigga is big as shit.


Paul like Yeah. You walked in here. Did I? I heard played against a bunch of toddlers before. Got talking. I heard that comment he made when he walked here to smaller. Alright look. Said damn fuck. Like God, my head on the ceiling. Nah, that staircase in here. Yeah, we all normal hype. That's a trap down here what we got right now. Real trap. The real trap for sure. Word can't drop the low ever DC young fly type shit. Thanks For sure man. Like you said you're 13 man with Philly man and all of a sudden I have an up and down year especially with injuries man. But how is it so far, man? How you feeling out the city?


Well, I've been in Philly. I played, I played in Philly a couple years back before, after I went to Chicago. Before I went to Chicago, excuse me, got traded in that Ben Simmons trade to Brooklyn. Fame won't let you go that time. Nope. Nah, I got caught in that. Yeah. The city was mad about that. Caught in that. They're not thrilled about that. But being back now, it's pretty, it's it is dope man. I just think injuries is our, our crutch right now, man. We can't, we can't escape it. Between myself, pg Joelle obviously being out for another seven to 10 days. Jared. Yeah. Jared being out for the season. That boy's good. Yeah. He was hooping for it for show he could play basketball. Yeah, he, he is good. Can you speak on how good Tyrese is bro?


Yeah, he's high on Ataris Max Tray for sure. He been been here. I love Tyrese. I mean I got to see Tyree when he got drafted because obviously like I said, I played with Philly and just seeing his growth as a player and as a, as a point guard. Yeah. Truly a fan of what he's done. No, he's coach. Does he, of course all y'all work hard, but does he have like a different type of grind than everybody else? He has an incredible work ethic that's far. Like he works hard, like he's in the gym before everybody else. He's last to leave. Okay. Shows up hours before the game to get his work done. So he puts the work in to be great. Yeah, I love his game for sure. You think like he play with a lot of point guards.


We talked about you playing with Bigs. Where would you rank him as like point guards you play with? Like I think Brendan, Jens is cold and all that, but like where would you put Tyree? He's in the top 10 for sure. Damn 10? He's probably 10. Hell nah, nah. Point guard players play with Harry Irving. Yeah, that that's one of them. Huh? Steph Curry. That ain't fair. Go ahead. You ask questions. What you, I wanna hear you name nine nigga James Hart. He started off with, with Chauncey. Everybody NB Chauncey Bullock. We, I'm at four right now. Yeah, he gotta be at Chauncey has bro.


He top five, top five top you. That's, that's Tim was safe man. So you just trying. Huh? I said Tim was safe man. He trying to get the memory going. That's Yeah, but damn the fact that some killer you play with all the best person in the NBA bro. Yeah, he, he, he hasn't missed real shit. He played with LeBron, Kyrie, Steph, James Har bro. James Har and Joel. Where you put him at your two guard? George. Jim. Jim? Yeah. He a point guard though. James hard. Yeah, I think he's a, I think he's a PG combo guard though. Where you put him of all time though. That's a tough question. That's a five 20 argument. We, we, we, oh okay. That third slot we, we going back and forth between him and D Wade, no drum still league, we don't wanna put that on. Yeah, yeah. We ain't gonna put, you don't wanna be in this.


I ain't trying to deal. We ain't enough Shit. We got a lot more questions for you, but we gonna waste, you know what I'm saying? Till we do this another time. We like you say you still a current player. We won't put no smut, put you in no situations man. I appreciate that. Nah, for sure. But listen man, we appreciate you sliding on this man. Listen man, of course. We wish it helps your team man. Have a great rest of your year, man. Keep killing. We appreciate you sliding on this 1:00 AM ain't it? Yes sir. We late night that time again because niggas got girls and shit. What time is it? Fucking the real obsession yo. And we'll be back next time. Lil five 20 for sure The Volume.


I'm Peter Schrager, host a Good Morning football on the NFL network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't want to miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase, Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This Is Lexy Brown And Mariah Rose and we've Got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've Got you with analysis, insight, stories, and a little bit of tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Full circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented By Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.