
You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to different places for listings, pre-approval and financing. But Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. Everything you need, all under one roof, every home at one address. rocket.com. The new home for all things home ownership. Rocket on the dream.


Yo, what's good? It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA Tournament, brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland v Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas v. Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic. 'cause we came to play Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


Wal Wal, thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. 50 reported that Lil Meech had to go to rehab. See? There you go. See, I hate I even brought that up. No, you don't. You like see God don't like ugly. See, Sometimes he don't like pretty, But, You know. But, but listen, I will say 50 ass is petty. I'm, I'm gonna let You know. I he is, He's So petty. But that's one thing about it. Yo, when he's hurt, he's hurt. He's a cancer. And he's very emotional.


50 is 50 cancer. Emotional ass gangster. Yes. Yes. I'm a cancer too. Oh. Oh. That's why. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Cancer. I see it. Okay. All right. There we go, Shannon. All right. I, but I don't, I get you now, but, But, but I don't bother nobody. No. Not until somebody bother you. Yeah. But then you, but then you don't know how to let it go after that. And that's, that's you. That's 50. Oh, that's, yeah. Yeah. I think, I think Charlemagne may be the only cancer that doesn't, that's not like that. But he always starts stuff.


He is. Yeah. Yeah. That he's the opposite. He starts it. Yes. And then wanna hide his hand. Yes, Yes, yes. That's why I told him, I said, your little ninja turtle looking ass, somebody gonna get you one day. Well, they got him that one time. Remember? They, they pulled, they rolled up on him. Oh, they Did? They Did. Now. See, but, and, and when and when baby rolled up on him, he got real quiet when baby rolled up. Yeah. Yeah. Certain, certain Charlamagne pick his battles. Yeah. He like, he picks them. Yeah. He talk crazy. He talk donkey give people dont kill today. He should have gave Baby don't kill today. Listen. And who was that one guy? The, the state property deal. Oh my God. Beanie Siegel. He was quiet with Beanie Siegel too. Yeah. He was quiet. Beanie said, look, yo, don't be th mad. He said, okay, alright.


He said, yeah, 'cause you don't, you don't lit us. You don't know what this said. Charmagne said. Yeah, you're right. That's right. But it's somebody else. He, he keep going back and forth. Oh, he will. He won't let it go. He will. He don't play with me neither though. You know? Yeah. What he thoughts on Fi fifth and Big Meech. So listen, 50 and 50 and Big Meech, I feel like it was business. Right. So I understand what 50 did for his family. Yes. You put money in his family's pocket. Right. But if Rick Ross is Big MEE's friend, be like, if they were friend, like they, like Rick Ross, like allegedly took care of this nigga while he was in jail.


Right. Took care of this man while he was in jail, You know? And, and before, like they, they've been acquainted. Acquainted. Right. You know, I feel like Big Meek in 50, they weren't friends. No. This is a business thing. Yes. So how can you get upset with Little Mech for something that Big Mech did? Right. You know what I mean? Yes. For sure. That little mech really wasn't even a part of right now. No, I'm not too crazy about Little Mech, but I actually did feel bad for him. I really, because he Got put in a bad spot. He Really did get put in the bad spot. And I, and honestly, and the, the whole sending him to rehab thing, I just think that was, that was a lot then that could have been left out.


You know, because we don't know what he was dealing with, why he was, You know, drugging the way he was or whatever, You know, and whether it was for fun or not, You know, you didn't put it out, you didn't choose to put it out. Then, You know, you put it out now Right. When his dad is doing the thing that you don't like, Like, You know. Right. So, yeah, I do kind of feel bad for the brother In two minutes of Fame. Kiki Palmer, Katt Williams, DC Young Los Simba, Dion Cole, Carlos Miller, earthquake and Red Grant. What was that experience like for you being on set with all those guys? I actually didn't get to see a lot of them. IWI only got to be on set with Ronco Lee. Okay. And Jay Farrell. Okay. Funny personalities. Them both. Now. I love Ronco Lee from Sister, sister, like that man still look good to this day, You know?


So I was looking And I was like, okay. You know, it, it is just, it's just great. The nostalgia of actually like, knowing who he is and it's like, oh my God, yo. And then Jay Farrell, who's a funny, funny dude, man. Jay Ferrell, Man. Oh my God. He is. Yeah. He's that. That was nice. That was good. I actually didn't even get to meet Kat on that set. I met Kat at Tycoon weekend for 50 cents. Right. A couple years ago. But yeah, that was a good, it was good. It was a good movie too. I got hook up to Master p John Witherspoon, cash Doll, serial Underwood, I mean, another one Young DC Jeezy, Webby Romeo, Michael Blacks and Beat Simone, April Jones. What was that Like?


All the blacks, all the, that movie was like a long a skit. That's why I said, I said, why would you even touch, I got the hookup to, why would you touch the first one, y'all? It was, it was nostalgic, it was great. You coulda just did like a movie, You know? Right. But it was good being on set. But I'm gonna tell you one thing. Hold on, lemme take a sip. We'll be right back after this, guys. Now the thing was Master P there was no, there, there was no script. I got there. Right. Got on set. He said, Jess, do what you did.


I said, what the hell is that? Like, what do you want me to do? Like, what, what does that mean? Right? He said, no, no, I got you being a cop. Like, You know, do what you, I said, yo, what is the movie about? Right. I don't know. Like, You know, I, what am I doing? Give me some type of leeway. He just wanted us to do what we do. Now, some people may take that direction and be like, okay, great. Yeah, cool. I'll do what I do, not me. Right. Because it's like, no, I, I need to know I'm, I'm an actress. I need to know it. Like, you don't just throw, this is not wilding out. Right. You know what I mean? Right. I know what to do Because there no Adlib freelance. Yes. I know what to do And I, yes, I can improv, but I need a basis. Like I need a found there need, there needs, there was no foundation. Right.


To the movie. There was no foundation to the project. Right. And while I love what Masterpiece stands for, no shade to that. It's just, it was unorganized and it just was an unprofessional set, You know, Allegedly, you didn't get paid. Did you get your money? I didn't get paid for both scenes. I did not. So how Much, how much were you promised? Th so I 15,000 per seam. Right. They used one seam, but I shot both. Right. So I should have got $30,000. It's not about what hes, I mean, You know what premieres Right. It's about what I charged for that scene, You know, back in those times. Right. And I di I didn't get compensated for that.


And I kept, Have you talked to him? No. And every time he come up to breakfast, little I ain't there. You need to make it, make it, make it sure you're there. I no, well, he needed to make sure the money is there. Ain't no damn. I need to make sure I'm there. Shoot. So in these acting scenes, have any actors, because I remember we had Terry Cruz on, he said to Sheena owner, he had a problem remembering his lines. Yeah. And she said, Terry, you like to sing, just sing them. And he, that's how he remembered his lines. So I, I was curious that when you're on set, has anybody given you advice to help you If there was something that you were struggling with? No. No. I honestly have never struggled with anything on set.


Okay. I love it. No, I take my, my scripts very serious. I take every job I do. Very serious though. What about love and Hip Hop? You say you on Love and Hip Hop Hollywood, right? Yeah. For one episode. That's it. Yeah. Hell yeah. I wasn't about to be a part of that whole franchise cast running around. You make money though. They, they don't, they pay good Depending on who you are. Yeah. They paid me that one day. You're damn right. Okay. That's why I only got one day. They said, look, we ain't, we ain't got it. I mean, not, we ain't got it. We ain't giving it for all it. Come on, Jess. No, but I'm like, all right, we, what, what for this one conversation. But that was very situational though, right? I ended up on there because of something that went down between me, Monice and April.


Okay. That, that, that wasn't, I was never going to be a part of loving Hip Hop Hollywood. That ain't even none of my friends. You and April had a fallout. It wasn't really a fallout. It was, it was, it was crazy. I, I had ended up, me and me and April were friends. Right. And then she, we just stopped, like, she stopped communicating with me. Like, and took like eight months off. Didn't talk to me for almost a whole damn year and expected for me to still, To pick right back up where y'all Looked at. Be like, nah, like what you talking about we On, are you one of them, Fred, that need to talk periodically? Hell no, I'm not. But this what you ain't going to do. You ain't going to not deal with me. I forgot exactly why she stopped talking to me, but she stopped and took eight months off.


And so what I did, which I shouldn't have done, it was bad. But we all do. Well, not we all, but, You know, sometimes it happens. I was actually cool with Monice before. I never became friends with Monice, but I was cool with her first before, prior to meeting April. And, You know, April was dating Fizz. Yeah. Crazy. Which with Omarion Omar's band member. And You know, one of his like good friends or whatever. Could you Do something like that? Hell no. I ain't never did nothing like that. Now You did. I said, could you Hell No. No, I can't do that. Not both of 'em was in the band. And I got kids with one. And then now, You know, you go from being my brother to, Ooh, how we gonna do that?


So your uncle Stepdad, I don't know. Yeah. That was was crazy. And that was the thing. I didn't know any of that was going on until I was actually already her friend. So that's why I felt like you should be able to date friends to see what they, You know how you date somebody. Yeah. To see if you like them And you wanna make them your significant other. I think you should have a dating period for people to be your friend too. Right. Because I wanna see what you come with. Right. Because your becomes my bullshit. And now people gonna think You already knew. You knew that. No, I did not didn. I, But they think they do. I Yeah. Yeah. They, oh, you just co-signing that. You think that's cool? You ain't telling her that she shouldn't be dating her. Her kids uncle, you didn't tell her that. I'm like, listen, hell, I didn't know everybody is telling her that.


And she don't care. Right. That's just what it is. First he started off as a best friend and then it became something. No, and then it was, You know, but that's what happened. I ended up talking about her to Monice and Monice. No, it was a voice, voice notes I sent Monique. Right. And then once me and April had talked And we got reacquainted, I'm sitting there in the new house. Right. Her and fizz. That, that they had lived together with in that time. Right. And we on live, and then I see people commenting on her live like April. Monique just went live. You need to go see what she talking about. And, and so April was trying to ignore it. I'm the one like, no, let's go see what she talking about then.


Oh, Jesus Christ. We went to the girl page. Monisha sitting there nice and cute with her little glasses on And you hear my voice. She just playing my voice back and I'm saying everything. Ah, man, You know, you can't leave no voice message. Should I still be leaving voice messages? You know? You know. But I, yeah, but I'll, but You know, I'm reformed Other than, Hey, it's me and hit me when you get it. That's what I got For you. That's what, that's what it is. You know, I apologize. And so, so that's how I got up on, that's how I got on Love in Hip Hop Hollywood. She had you, you have April was so like, upset. She cried and everything. Cried, cried, cried.


Fz come through the door. He came through the door on the right part. I was tbo him too is crying. And he was looking like, what? And I was like, yeah, You ain't gonna like it, bro. After that. Yeah. I, I did it. It is what it is. So then April in the bathroom, she wouldn't come out. I said, all right y'all, I'm ready to go. I, You know, I know the, it is what it is. We just made up. But apparently we done. Now we again. So I'm just go ahead, remove myself from y'all lives. I love y'all. Peace out. Right. Soon as I'm about to hit the door, Mona calls April. Should we send a camera crew? What's going on over there? I, I don't know how. Yeah. 'cause she sit there and she was watching Live. And then Monice must have called Mona.


However that happened. April was like, wait, don't leave. I want you to shoot this episode. And because this is great for tv. And I was like, what? So that's how I ended up doing that. But Child, please, I didn't care about it then. I don't care about it. Now What have you learned about public dating since you become in the spotlight? Don't do it. Don't try to hold, if you can hold onto a piece of privacy, do it Because You know, when you date publicly, you gotta break up publicly. Yep. Yep. Or they will continue to attach you to names individuals. Yep. They going to continue to attach you and ask you questions about people that you ain't attached to no more.


And Then what and what about your partner when they keep asking you about somebody you're not attached to, and then you, the person that you are attached to. Yes. Do they feel some type of way about that? No. To be honest with you, Chris, his name is Chris Christopher. Oh, he is so cool about that. Right. Like, I remember when Country Wanes stand up had came out, right? And we were laying in the bed, we going through Netflix And we see the, the standup. And he's like, you wanna watch it? And I'm like, no, no, I don't. And he was like, why? I never seen him do standup before. Let's, let's watch it. Like whatever. I was like, no, I don't wanna watch it.


And he's like, all right. I respect it. Like he's not, he's not what I thought it would be early on. Right. I thought, You know, 'cause you gotta prepare yourself for things like that when You know, you, you are dating somebody who's also in the industry as well. Right. And somebody that has a platform, You know, you, you gotta deal with that. You gotta be ready for somebody to question you about that. Or the other person to feel insecure a little bit. Right. That's not him at all. Right. Cardi B and Offset going at it. Don't matter. Would you ever be in a situation where you would go at it with your baby's father? Go back and forth? Like, I mean, the vitriol, the, the, I mean, going back and forth. And he's saying this and she's saying that, he's saying that you witnessed old boy when you were pregnant.


And she like, and well, And I, You know, she, I mean Cardi, Cardi slick at the bow with listen, Slick, slick, slick, slick at the mouth. Right. So, Hmm. I would never do that. Now I never did that. Right now, me and Rome, we done done had our days, our arguments, You know, my son's father, we, I've never gone back and forth with him all online. Hell no. Never ever wanna do that. 'cause at the end of the day, it's still us. Yes. You know what I mean? Like, we still got this child, You know, so I gotta deal with you. You know. Now that's the thing. I think Offset set was doing him.


He knew Cardi. What? He just knew that he had her, he knew she would never leave. He knew he knew the things to do to get her back By two Birkins, by three Birkins, by buy a row. He might be good for like a couple weeks or a couple months. And then you back out there doing what you doing. You know what I mean? Yes. But then when she started moving on, oh, that baby couldn't take that. Yeah. Hmm. Now he he'd be upset. Yeah. He'd be upset When, when even like that What they call him now, they call him upset. Yeah, Absolutely. He, he'd be upset when, when certain people take card's side.


'cause I think he feels like it's a side. Y'all not seeing. Y'all ain't saying this. Y'all ain't saying nah, but we seeing what you been doing, we see you outside. You know what I'm saying? We see you and then we also hear Connie tells us everything. Everything. That's why I said she don't even need to be up here. She tell us everything anyway. You know what I'm saying? She everything, You know, like, And we see what you And we see. She also loves you. Right. And she loved you through a lot of things that you put her through too. Correct. You know what I mean? Like card's a lover, we obviously know that. And so, You know, she just wanted to be happy. And she, she tried to make that happen several times. But it don't always work out like that. Whenever can Social, can social media ruin a relationship? Hell Yeah.


Yes it can. Because then you, you don't live for the other person anymore. You start living for the validation of others. You know what I mean? You start trying to pay attention to, you start trying to fit the mold of other people who, What they think you, you should be Ain't even got, you don't even know what they got going on. You know what I mean? Like you trying to please too many people and you're trying to look perfect in front of too many people. That's why I will say this. And I don't care who get mad at me. I love Kirk and Rashida from Loving Hip Hop Atlanta. Okay. That is a perfect example of a marriage going through everything in a marriage, standing every test and fighting through it and actually getting through it. And that's, that's partnership right there.


That's work. How long in the relationship before we stop sending our representative out? Hmm? Is it, is it month? Is it six months is year because You know, we gotta send a representative. Damn. Right. Look, what you see is what you get. Now, earlier on, look, I used to talk different when I used to. Like, I used to be like, yeah, like, so, like what do you think? No, I've always, I've always listened to that song. Like, and then that would be my representative for the first 30 days. Then I'd be like, what you talking about? Like what you mean? Oh, okay. No, I never said that. You know what I mean? Like, yes, yo, and then by, but by the time the 30 days the representative is gone, they already in love with me.


So boom. You know what I mean? You got it. But Yeah. But You follow the false free tense. That's right. That's why I had to stop doing that. That's why I had to stop doing that. That that ain't good for nobody. Don't, don't send a representative. What you see is what you get. They've going, they're gonna love you for you or they not. And that's how, You know, I had Sean, what Underwood on a couple of weeks ago, and she said the man, no matter how much he makes, should be the head of the house and the woman should be willing to follow his lead. Where are you on that? She said the, the man should, The man, whether or not he makes the most money, the man is the head of the house. Okay, I see that.


I see it. I I get it. I get it. I think everything is so different in these times. Yes. Everything is different. Women. Y'all ain't, y'all ain't buying that y'all Y y see, obviously, You know, you tried to come up with a way that you can get you, that you can, you can walk with that position. Yeah. But you ain't, you ain't there yet. Yeah. Now listen. Well now I'm gonna set it straight. Wow. I love to be led. Yes. I love a man that leads, You know, And I love a man with a purpose. You know what I mean? A man that I can learn from. I still see myself as equal in the household. I make decisions, he makes decisions.


You know what I mean? My fiance, he makes decisions, I make decisions. It's not, it's not him alone by himself, You know? Yes. And that's fine. You know, he has his own company. Right. And he has, he makes his own money and everything. But still, You gotta have some safety. Yes. Yes. And that's what it is. Now, how old is Cheryl Underwood? Cheryl is probably year older than me. She's, Yeah. Okay. So I understand though, in, in that era of her coming up and You know, that's how it was, it is different. It's different times, You know, but things have evolved. And, but see, Jess, the problem that I got with you, you women today, y'all want tradition without doing traditional things.


Y'all want to be flowers and y'all want this type of what your mom and your grandma what they experienced. But y'all don't do none of that. Sh y'all ain't cooking. Who? Y'all ain't cooking? Who y'all ain't. Oh. You see what you're saying? I want some say too. I, my grandma ain't have no say in the house. Hmm. She didn't. Hell No. That's crazy. And you need to talk to your grandfather about That. You have no part, part what? Playing that mama. Now, now I get what you're saying. See, see, my grandmother shot her husband, so I, You know what I mean? Oh yeah. She has a lot of Fame. That's you. Damn right. She said, hold up. What you say it was, what is going be all that's like, shot him in his butt.


Don't play with it. All right. So it's different over here. It is right now. Now I cook, yes. I clean, I take care of my children. Okay. So does he he cooks, he cleans, he works, he takes care of our children. He treats my son like that's his son. And of course. And He take care of you. Yes, he does. And I take care of him right back. Okay. You know, I scratch his back, scratch mine. I'm, I'm getting on my knees. He, I'm sitting on his face and all of that, all of that at Please, please. That's right. We both cleaning. We both don't. And that's why I said is we are both leading our house right now.


Right. He's leading me in other ways. Right. But in a household it's both. So it's the 50. So this relationship king and a queen. 50 50. So you guys say he got saved. That's right. Okay. That's right. That's right, man. That's what it is. I like that. Yeah. How did, how did You know Chris was the guy? Man, I'm going to be very honest with you. When I first met him, I was like, look, it's just going to be a nice little smash buddy. You know what I mean? Yeah. When I met him, but it, it led to it, it led to this where I am right now, man. I met him February 23rd, 2023.


I was just finishing up a co-hosting day at Breakfast Club. Okay. This is a year before I got the position. And I met him and he, he's a truck driver. So he was on a stop And I went to a restaurant And I'm, I'm flirting with him and everything. And he wasn't really paying me no mind. So I'm like, Did he know who you were? Yeah, he did. But he thought that, like, he was like, I don't wanna be a part of no roast battle. Like, I don't even, that's the thing. People are intimidated. Guys are intimidated Yeah. By me. 'cause they feel like I, You know, you would try to clown him. That's right. And so he just was like, oh God, this girl, nah. So I asked him did he wanna drink? And he's like, nah, I don't drink. I said, okay, you want an edible?


I, I was feeling good. I was passing out, You know, and he was like, nah, I don't do any of that, You know? And I'm like, okay, cool. So you like Ninja what you Do? Yeah. What do you do? You know, he was like, I drink wine with dinner, but I don't, I'm just, I'm like, so why you at the bar then? Why are you at the bar if you're not drinking? He said, 'cause I'm grown. I was like, all right, don't, don't do too much me. You know, don't get a little, don't get sassy on me. You know? So I'm drinking and everything. And then we, we talk and I'm, I'm still picking with him. I made him laugh. And then that's when I, that's when he cracked. And then he started engaging more. And I didn't realize how drunk I was until I got up and went to the bathroom. I was like, damn, I'm drunk. I gotta get outta here. So on my way back to the seat, he was like, Hey, I, before I leave, I wanted to know if I could take you out.


Would you let me take you out? And I was like, oh, Now you want the know. And I'm all drunk. And I'm like, Now you want the number I would've been. And so I'm falling all around. And he was like, he helped me and everything. And he was like, I'm gonna just put my number in your phone 'cause you probably ain't gonna be able to do it. Right. And then he, he took a couple days, waited a few days, then he hit me up and he asked me could he take me out. And the first date we went to, first date we went on. I never left him since then. We never ever, like, I swear I was like, I'm gonna just sleep with him and he gonna be somebody. Oh, the first date? No. Yeah. I, when I met him, I was like, one the, To crack it, One of, to crack it.


Take him down. Damn. Yes. I already knew I wanted to jump on that. Climb that tree. Yes. What's up? I mean, I thought, I thought like, I came up in the era where, You know, you had to wait a month, two months, three months, four months. It wasn't no first night. Not if You know what you want, you ain't gotta wait. That's what the old folks say. That what I'm saying, Don't jump right in bed and all of That. Yeah. I mean, I had John Legend and John Legend say, Hey, he met Chrissy. You know, they went out. Boom. It's like that. It is like that. Women do That. Women do that. I'm a woman that did it. I know a few that do it too. Listen, I just knew Where the heck got at. Mm. I ain't, I ain't met nobody. You ain't the guy that do it.


Women, I'm the guy they wanna settle down with. Right. Right. So they wanna settle down with me. So they need, they need a year. Yeah. Mm. Now when I said, mm, Everybody got a different purpose though. You Know, I'm saying No. No. How you dude got in the backseat of the car. You want me to wear the year? I feel you. I feel you. Why they do me like that? I don't know why they do you like that, Shannon? I don't know. I don't Look like a guy that want have fun. I wanna have fun too. Why do I got, We heard you having fun, But there you go. Jeff. We Heard you having all the fun you was having. Oh Lord Mercy. All right. How long did you make? How we, how long it was till you cracked that? Oh Lord. Have mercy Jeff.


And you talk her through it too. I said, I know that's right. Different.


All you renters out there. Here's something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear. Now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash is gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spend on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership. It's called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage, LC equal housing lender license in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the Tree of Life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic. 'cause we came to play Bring the Magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


Galaxy a 15 Ti Tmobile. So lemme ask you a question. I bet You go to his house or he come to your house or it's a Nutri Site hotel. See, I don't go to people's houses. They come to you Never been a person to go to nobody house. He come to you. Absolutely, I will.


Oh, no. A man got to come. I, no, No, no. Well, you gotta be Nutri site, Nutri site because hey, women sometimes are not as forthcoming as they need to be. And so, oh no, I, no, I I left him two 20 minutes ago. Mm Mm And I been in situations and, You know, it's not comfortable. And so, no, I have not closed my eyes at a woman house in 30, 33 years. Mm. And ain't going. I got you. But that means something happened that you didn't get over. Yeah. Oh Yeah. I understand it. Yeah, I understand it now. See, Chris did not make it to my house until like our third date.


Right. Because all right, so the first, the first date he planned at a nice, really, really nice restaurant. Right. And he had like, rented the room. It was a room. Chris got bread like that. Excuse me. She, so he had rented the, like a, a private room. Yeah. You know, some of those like five star restaurants have private Yeah. I know. They, You know, people like me come in, have parties and stuff like that. And we don't wanna be with, You know, the other dining area. Yeah. So He Yeah. Taking pictures all night and time. Yes. Yeah. Get you. So he rented that and he, it was just us in this whole big room, in this nice hotel downtown Baltimore. Right. So then he says, I, we, we conversation that this man had with me on the first date. He could have a conversation.


That's what got me. You asked me how did You know he was the one, he could have a damn conversation. And he did not ask me about Jess hilarious. One time he wanted to know who Jessica Robin Moore was. Until this day. That is who he, that's what got you. You know what I mean? Like, I love that because you gotta be careful when you are a celebrity, You know, and, and you're trying to date people. You gotta know like, yo, what's your motive? Who are you? Are you just dating me because of who I am and what I can do for you? Yes. And I've done so much. I've taken care of some men. Really? Okay. Yeah. How I've taken Cal of some men.


But a a man will let a woman take care of you. You damn right. These days. And then be, and then go on a podcast talking about y'all are all angry. That's because we taking Kev your ass. Should we picking up where your mom left off? What's up with you? You know? So let me calm down because I'm reformed. All right. You know. But yes, he was able to have a conversation with me, Shannon, like he was, he got to know me. He was talking about family values. He was talking about how he had came up And I was so busy trying to get in this man drawers. I'm like, damn. I was, man, it was fine. And people say he look like Brittany Grinder if, but he a man.


Right. And Brittany's very attractive to her. I will say that. But he's a man. So he was fine. And, And I didn't want the night to end. And how about the restaurant? Clearly It Didn't. How about, how about the restaurant was in a hotel. And so I was like, I'll be back. I'll be, I gotta go to the bathroom. Went and got a room, room real quick. Came back. This man was acting like he ain't wanna go up. I got something to do in the morning. I got no, he had to work in the morning. I got work in the morning. All right, well you can leave from here. And that's what he did. And Yep. And I had to fly. I had to flight, shit. I had to work in the morning too. I had to fly to Atlanta to film something. And I did.


You did. Hold on. You did all that Jack. That man had no idea that he was gonna be able to beat somebody back in. No, I Did. No, I, he sure didn't. He sure didn't. He ran out. Go get the condoms. He ran. He was like, all I gotta go to the store. I said, listen, I keeps those. Yeah. What we doing? I already knew when you asked me can you take me, I already knew. So you knew you damn Jess. That's right. Why we gotta act, why do women gotta act like damn be wanting it? And that why, why what the mean you are, that means you are a hoe or something. That's what that mean. If you do it on a first date, not if two years later, Hmm, I'm popping a baby out and I'm, and I'm here And you done propose, excuse me, doing it right now.


Other times it didn't work. All right. I ain't gonna lie. Hey, you ain't back a thousand. Hey, a baseball player. Yes. If you hit 300, you can make 705. That 700 million's. It don't work all the time. But when it worked, it worked. And it did work this time. Lemme ask you this, how long should a woman wait to be flown out? Well, now that's called trafficking Shannon. So I don't know. See that. That'll do. I didn't Realize, that's why I said hold on. I was trafficked before And I didn't know that when they were saying what the mean was, I was, oh my God. Yeah. I'm a victim of Traffick And I didn't even realize. But I think you don't wait. It's all on the man. If the man will fly you out Yeah.


Fly there. Just make sure you can get your back. Right. Just in case he don't Fly and have a round. You gotta be a round trip ticket. That's right. Gotta be. But and it gotta be a hotel. Okay. You, you're not gonna go, you're not going to his place off the rip, right? No. No. So it gotta be a hotel. You gotta have your own space. Yes. You know, you wanna freshen up when you get there, boom, boom, boom. Absolutely. I'm getting off of a flight. I want to go and be able to prepare to see Do he need to pick you up or do he need to have a car service to take you where you need to go? Does he need to pick you up or you need a service or does it matter? No, no, no, no, no. It, it, it depends. It depends on who it is. Okay. It, it honestly depends on who it is and how bad you wanna see this person. 'cause You don't want him in the airport though. If he No.


He gonna be somebody. No, you can send a car. Okay. No, send me a car. Okay. Okay. You know, no, I don't expect for you to do it. Okay. You know, but you send me a car, have me to have me at a place, You know, have me pull up to my place, my hotel that you got, You know what I mean? But I, being flute out is kind of tricky because you gotta understand ladies, these men are not obligated to do this. This is just something that they're doing. And you gonna pay for it too. Whether you're paying for it with, with your body or anything else. Right. But you, you're paying for it. Okay. And you must know that. So always still at least have your funds. Right. So you don't be stranded. Right. Because I know, I know a lot of people that got flu out and didn't wanna sleep with somebody.


And for that they didn't get flu back. Hold on. You came out on the one way or not? Not me. No. I, I know somebody that I know a lot of people, You know, y'all know them too. But it's some people that didn't that I know that that didn't happen to, I said, why would you let him fly you out? And, and, And you did. But you already knew what he Wanted. Yeah. What you thinking when You got down there? You thought you was different. Y'all wasn't going to see World of the Brooklyn. So You know damn well he wouldn't take you to Universal Studio. Yeah. Come on now. That's it. But it is what it is. What's the craziest DM you ever received? Do you read, do you read, do you read your dms And you probably got The blocked?


Not now. Not now. But you used to. I used to. Yes. Yes. What, what? And they were crazy. Yeah. You ever met up with somebody in your dm? From your dm? No. No. I've never, I've always been too scared to do something like that. I ain't gonna lie. No. What if it Was celebrity? I I know some celebrities of slid. Yeah. Yeah. Celebrities slid. Yeah, they did. And you, And you like, nah, I ain't Everything with you. No, no. Anything that, that I feel like can be used back, can be used later against me or whatever. Right. I don't even indulge, like, don't play with me And you can be my celebrity crush. And I still won't even indulge. Nah. What if, what if he what? Instead of sliding your dm, he see you. I'd say, You know, I got something for, You know. No, that's different. Back then.


That would've been something I probably would partake in. But no Cheating. Is that a, someone a partner cheats if that automatically, that's the end of this relationship. Yeah. Because it cheating is intentional. You know, it it, it's intentional. Especially now, listen, I I don't, I don't care about the past. It, it's, if it's in the beginning now, right now say you get in a relationship with somebody and later on they admit to you that they were still involved with somebody when y'all became Yeah.


Official. Okay. But they did cut it off. Cut it off, yeah. Shortly after y'all became official. Okay. That's different. Right. All right, cool. I get it. But not no one year into the relationship. You Still trying? No, I have no And you No, no, no, no, no, no. But it gets harder though Jess, when you got a kid. It does. It does. But no, that, that goes a apart of knowing what you want. Why are you in a relationship if you cheat? Right. You know, you gotta know what you want. Even if you did feel like, even if you did step out And you tested the waters and, and that make, because sometimes people cheat and they get caught and that scares them straight. Yeah. I get it. But even that's tricky, yo. 'cause if you had the balls to do it, You know what I mean? You think They got the balls to do it again, Do it again. You know what I mean?


And then I took you back and sometimes your kindness can be taken for weakness And you just, I don't know. It's different. Where, is it true a fan sent you a video of somebody that you were dating cheating? Yes. This was, Do you think that that might be altered Relationships ago? Huh? You Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was probably that. It was at the girl family cookout. What It was at our family cookout. I saw. I was like, no, I seen, I seen a t-shirt. It was a family reunion. Cookout. I said, damn, this ain't His family. Yeah. And, and this ain't just somebody you cheating with.


You, you mighty comfortable With this. Yeah. This Bitch to be going to her family function. This is a family reunion. Yeah. That means you introducing yourself. She's introducing you gotta be. It's crazy. So, nah, I'm done with that. Nah, we done. Wow. Yeah. What about friends? Where are you with friends into the relationship? How much do you tell your friends about your relationship? I don't tell my friends anything about my relationship now. But you used to? Yeah, of course. Yep, I did. But You know what, what? You know, you gotta be careful with doing that because say if you, You know when there's static in your relationship, you go tell them that too. And now they looking at him like, huh? When y'all get back on good terms, Now you gotta go tell them. No, we back on good terms.


Nah, it's too much back and forth. Right. So, no, I keep my love life very separate from my friends. I do. I tell 'em what they, what they need to know while I, why I am smiling. They know why I'm smiling. You know, They know What's up Man. What are you on with this neo? Neo got like three, four girlfriends. He Do, he do listen. If, if it makes sense for them, it makes sense for them. I know I put 'em in just with the mess the other day And I called three of the girls a clown. I called. I was like, why you do that? She clown. She clown, she clown. That's 'cause it was funny to me, You know, but You know, it probably wasn't funny to them. Right. You know, it was a couple of their friends was in the comments like, why they gotta be clowns If they like it then they like, do you like it for your friend?


Yeah. You know, and, and listen, if you taking care of all three and four of 'em, it ain't no strain on that man's bank account. And, and, and they like it. Right. Cool. That's What's up. It takes a special type of person though. It Certainly does. Everybody ain't built cut out like That. And it take a special type of woman to that. That's why I'm talking about the woman. I ain't talking about the Guy. How the hell you gonna walk up and kiss me and then you kiss this person and then you kiss. I thought that only happened on Flavor of Love. Yeah. Yeah. Like I didn't know like that, that's like a real thing. But polyamory is a, a real thing. You know Who came up with that term? Somebody who got hurt by one person and was like, I'm gonna just deal with all y'all. You know? That's it.


I honestly feel like that's where polyamory came from. Somebody that got hurt. Right. Like I think all of these things are manmade things. I don't think these are, like, this wasn't a term, You know what I'm saying? This wasn't since the beginning of time. Right. You know, this is just something that this is a, a result of someone being hurt somewhere. Right. Yeah. Do you want more kids? I do. How many kids you want? Two. I two More. More. I always wanted a big family. I'm not gonna lie. I always wanted to have at least like, and listen, I wanted to have like six boys. But You know, you don't get to pick, You know, the gender of your kids. I mean, they're trying to do that, but you don't get to do that.


You know, period. So, but now it changed when I met Chris, I was like, I can see myself with a girl. Like I, I want to have a little girl And that'll be it. No, I actually want about two more kids. But I'm 33. Right. Oh, you got plenty. Three, You know, And I, And I, I'm still in my career And I'm hitting my peak And I got work to Do. So you gonna put the push the kids down the road a little bit? Yeah. Yep. I think I have my next kid at 35. If it don't work out like that, maybe 36. But I know I ain't having no more at the 40. What about marriage? You ready to get married now? Absolutely. Christopher proposed to me on Christmas. Ooh. Yes he did. You cry?


Hell yeah. I cried. I'm a big cry baby. I'm an Aquarius. So we're very water sound. We no, we not. We air. Yeah. You thought Aquarius? 'cause 'cause aquarium is water. Yeah. But no air. We air. I don't know why we, we air either. I thought, I thought I was water. I ain't gonna lie. I thought I was water a couple years ago too. But I'm air obviously, so Yeah. Y'all need me to live. So Lemme ask you this. The first child, you weren't this just hilarious. The second child, you a star, you got money, money's coming in. How different is it raising the second child as opposed to raising the first child with no money as opposed to having the money? Man, see, I only didn't, I didn't only not have money.


I wasn't living in the hood. I was like lights was off. It was a lot of things I had to endure while raising my, my first child. My baby boy, he's seen me through a lot of things. But with Marley, my six month old, she, it, it is different. It's different. You know? I have money to move the way I wanna move to buy the things I want her to have. You know, her dad has the money to buy things. You know what I mean? I have, we have a nanny, You know, which we are totally blessed with because it's my fiance's mother. Mm. She moved home from Kuwait to help out with this baby. She knew that both of our careers demanded a lot of our time.


And she came over to, to, she came home to, to help with that. You know. So we take care of her too. You know. And although it is different and yes. Money, we got money and everything, you need a lot of patience. Yes, for sure. To deal with children. And, and it may look like money is all you need to have stability in raising children. But you need, you need to be mentally sane. You need to have it, you don't need to have it all together. But you need self care, self love. You need to be straight before you can care for somebody else.


Right. You know what I mean? And with me having businesses and, and I'm not just Jess. Hilarious. I'm not just Jess with the mess. I got a lot going on. I know Right. You know, I am absolutely grateful for my fiance and his mother. You know what I mean? Right. For help my, the village. It, it definitely takes a village. I ain't gonna lie. It was a little easier being broke. That's, that's the easy part. And it was a little easier being broke, but I wouldn't change anything. You think your, you think your son notices the difference between then and now? Yeah. Yeah, because he, he's 12. Okay. You know, he's 12 now and he's, he, he remembers our lights being off.


Right. You know, he remembers having to spend all these days on, on the porch, You know, playing with his cars until everybody else went in the house. And then we had to go in the house. Right. You know, we went in the house. I, I was, I was determined to not let nobody see me and my son going into a dark house. Right. So we waited till everybody on the block went in their house and then we went in the house. We let out candles. I went to steal all 'em candles from the Dollar Tree. Yep. Yep. That was the perfect time to be thief. Right. You know, and I lick candles And we would play games and stuff like that. But yeah, he remembers all that. He knows that. And, and that's why he has the best of both worlds.


He grew up like that. And then now he gets to be, he gets to stream, he gets to have the latest this and latest that. And while I still make him earn it, 'cause that's how my parents did. I don't just give him everything. Right. He's not an entitled kid. You know, he still lives a great life. A great life. And, and he knows the best of both worlds, You know. Right. You had your first child at 20, this one's at what? 32? 30 and a half. 32? Yes. I, this, that's a big, big gap. I don't know who the hell I thought I was starting over for real like that. How different are you as a mom? 20 to the 3-year-old Man? Very, very different.


My mom helped me raise my son. Okay. Between me and his dad. We were young, You know, and when I took off, it's just hilarious. I had to, had to do a lot of traveling. I wasn't able to take Ashton everywhere with me. So my mom played a big role Right. In raising my son with me. Right. Like helping me. You know, she, she beared that, You know, and now it is, it is different. She was, my son was living with my mother. Okay. And then fast forward now to me having a baby, I'm like, look, I want both of my children with me. It ain't gonna make sense.


And it's not fair for me to have a new baby. Right. And my first son ain't even living with me. Right. 'cause I'm doing this and I'm doing that And I'm doing, no, I want my children with me. Right. You know, so my son is homeschooled right now. And we live in Jersey. Right. 'cause I do breakfast club Right. In New York. And I, I got both of my Kids. How did, how did your mom take that though? Because she, She did not like it. Because that's how we were born. I was raised by my grandparents. Yeah. Yeah. And then when my grandfather died, my mom and my grandma said, no, they not going. Yeah. Oh man. I know, right. So you was your grandmother's baby. Yes. And that's exactly how my son was. My mom was like, no, he, I don't think you should take him up to Jersey.


I said, yeah. Well my, it's time for me to be both, to, to be a mom to both of my kids. Yeah. I want to be with both I, my Mom, My children. Yeah. I don't want just my baby. I think. Were you thinking that? Hold on, son. He might look and said, hold on. Why did he get to go live with you? And I didn't. Did that thought ever cross your mind? Hell Yeah. And it is so many nights. I, I am gu I, I still feel guilty about it. Like, You know, and, and, And I didn't even, I, I feel guilty about it. And it didn't even happen where he, I made him stay with my mom and then I, I'm raising Marley. Like, no, I didn't want that to happen. And my son, there has been times where Ashton wanted to be with me and he couldn't, he wanted to travel with me and he couldn't, couldn't, he wanted to be on a road with me and he couldn't, You know, and it's like, no, it's time for my baby to be with me, both of them.


Right. I want, I wanna wake up every day and be able to make them breakfast when I can. You know, sometimes it's me sometimes it's Chris. Sometimes it's the nanny, You know, sometimes it's my, my daughter's grandmother. But inclusive, I, I need that, that family household that I grew up in. I want that. The, I think it's true. Your, your, your pregnancy, you got an epidural, but it wasn't a doctor that delivered that gave you the epidural. It was a student. Correct. When I had my son. Son, yep. And They let a student do it and it, it messed me up. It messed my back up. I was having back problems up until like five years. My son was five. And you su No, I did not. I didn't know, I didn't have any education on it. I wasn't informed.


I wasn't, You know, I, I, I just knew I was in pain. I was in pain And I was like, gimme the drugs. Gimme the epidural. And they came and they had a student perform it and the, the, the girl was nervous. You can tell I saw her hands shaking even before she went around me to do it. And I was like, oh my God. And it is some of the most excruciating pain you can ever experience. Oh. That back ain't in the play. Yeah. So I didn't do epidural. I had Marley Natural. Natural. I, yep. Slid her right on out. These muscles get the, yep. Right. Now, is it true that your, your, your, your child's father means your, your, the second child's father is, is Hispanic? Yes.


He is black and Hispanic. Yep. He is Mexican, black. And probably some other stuff too, because I'm telling you, I see more than just Mexican and black over there. Right. But Lemme ask you, so obviously the administration has this, You know, deportation and thought things going on right back. So how does he feel about that? Well, his mom is, is is Mexican Okay. As hell. Okay. So, You know, I, I'll, You know, You make jokes, don't you? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You know, every day I come home, I knock on the door like, Hey, it's ice. And she, she don't laugh, You know? Yeah. It's just, just to bring some comic relief. I just always want to be on her toes just in case they come past and it's really them.


Right. You know? Yeah. But The work life balance now, like you said, you got a lot of projects, not just the Breakfast Club, not just your standup. You got a lot of other things going on. Yes. And your mom and your fiance, how has this work life balance? Mom, fiance, businesswoman, how does Jess juggle all That? I'm still trying to, Shannon, it's, I would, I would be lying if I tried to, if I tried to make up something. I don't, I don't have it all figured out. It is still a balance with me. I'm still, I'm still trying to figure out what that formula is so everybody can get the full-time, You know, so my kids can get full-time.


Mommy. So my, my work can get full-time, just hilarious. So Breakfast Club can get full-time, just Moore, You know? Right. Just hilarious. Just with the mess, whatever, You know. I'm still trying to do that. I gotta get up at 3 30, 3 45 every morning, do makeup, You know. What Time do you get to the, what time do you get to the set? Five 30. 5 45. Because y'all going to what? Six? Going at six. And we are done at nine. And then interviews after that. When the Breakfast Club, when Angela Lee, Angela Yee left and they had all these other people coming in and they invited you to come in. Did you want the job? Did you think you were gonna get the job?


Yes. You wanted the job? I did want it. And I, I, I knew I was gonna get it. I never even thought that I didn't have it. I always knew. And, and it wasn't because of Charlemagne. It wasn't because that I was so cool with Envy. It wasn't because, You know, it was the people. It, it was the way that I marketed Breakfast Club. Right. That whole year. I already, I had already treated it like it was my seat. The third seat. Right. Like, I had already treated it like it was mine. Even times where I knew they didn't have a host for that week, it was just gonna be them two. I'm like, yo, can I come up? Like, ain't nobody up there. Even at times when it was like other people up there, I'm like, yo, like what y'all think of idea if I come up there too, like, I don't wanna step on anybody's toes, but like, this could be good.


Like, let's, let's go up there. Me and Claudia Jordan, we, we hosted together. Right. You know, me and Kendra, she's also on radio. We, we did that together. Kendra G Media, we also hosted together, You know, so I treated it very much like my seat before it even became your seat was officiated. You co-hosted the reel. How did that help? Did that help you in the role that you got with the Yes. I actually loved doing the real. Okay. I, I loved all those ladies. I loved them. You know what I mean? That was a, a really good, that was my first time ever doing daytime talk. Okay. You know? And I was like, oh, this is great. This is something that I, I really could see myself doing. Right. You know? And yeah.


So that was good. That was a good segue into it. When you got the job, it was announced that you got the job. Ocho And I, nightcap was talking about it And I said some comments and it went viral. And I said that, You know, Hey Ocho, she, she nice. She nice. And I think Charlamagne and Envy, they really tried to play it up. So if I offended you, I wanna take the time out to say I apologize. You did ly I didn't, that was not my intent. But I was just like, yeah, she's a nice looking woman. She has a nice figure. Oh, Joe, so forth and so on. And oh, he 57 years old. I mean, he was this and that and You know, they, You know, they tried to play it up. And so if I, Like, I'm not in my thirties grown ass woman, but Yeah. But see, and the thing is, a lot of times people being uncomfortable only happens when the person that's saying something, the other person's not attracted to 'em.


Or they feel some type of way because, so that's what, And I didn't, I don't want, I don't, I didn't. And I don't ever want someone to feel uncomfortable with my comments. No. So that's why I wanted to take the time to say, yeah, I apologize for what I said. Oh no, it's okay. That means you got some good eyes on you. That's just all that mean, You know, ain't nothing with it. What is this about? Sexy Red says she don't fool with you. Sexy red. She was. Why you, Why you getting on everybody bad side? I, 'cause I'm just with the mess. Why? You stay in the mess,


Won't you clean up all your renters out there? Here's something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear. Now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash is gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage. LLC equal housing lender licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic. 'cause we came to play Bring the Magic at Walt Disney World Resort 15 by T-Mobile.


Why you, why Zox say the same thing to you? Why you stay up in the mess? I ain't Nobody, I don't bother nobody. You know, I don't bother nobody. Well, look, the thing was sexy bread. Right? She, she was pregnant at the time. She was very hormonal when she came in there. I already seen like the standoffishness that she was giving out or whatever. Oh. She said, Jess, I don't deal with you, Jess, I don't deal with you. Like, well, She don't Deal with, You know. And I asked, I said, wow. I was trying to figure out for the first eight minutes of the damn interview. What, what the hell, what what? You know? 'cause I'll say things about people And I, I forget, You know? And I, yes, because I've said so much, You know, I forget. So she couldn't even remember it. You know? And, and I'm gonna put that on her pregnancy. 'cause I had, when I had pregnancy brain, I couldn't remember anything.


So I'm like, all right, I get it now. Later on, if people watch the actual first 15 minutes or 10 minutes, not even, You know, into the interview we made up. We were cool. I, I said some things about her. She didn't like it. And the reason why she didn't like it is because she did like, just with the mess. She was like, And I like your videos too. I'd laugh at you. Everybody cool just with the mess until they end up in it. You know? And that's, and and that's no shot to her because she was pregnant. Yeah. And she was hormonal. And just think about it, every day you wake up, you see some negativity about you online And you pregnant. You know what I mean? And it's like, and, and I've only talked about things that she put out there.


Her brand is not, it's not classy. Right. You know, it's, it's the total opposite. Right. And I don't agree with everything that she does. And I told her that there as well, I'm not gonna agree with everything you do sexy. Right. You know what I mean? Right. But I have a right to an opinion like everybody else. Right. You know what I mean? And that's just what it is. Right. You know, so that's what it was. And she was cool. She ended up inviting me to the baby shower and everything. And she was cool after that. But yeah, that's what it was. You know, the breakfast glove checks hit different. What you did. What's your first thing you bought with that money? That money is still in my account. That money is still, that, that's a account I don't touch. Damn. Them checks hit like That. They wasn't even trying to gimme the money they, they gave me.


But they, they had to come around. They had to come around. So I'm like, come on, light this fire up under y'all butt. You, You, what's what about the purchase? You ain't, you ain't purchased nothing. Like, okay, I'm gonna get me a Birkin bag or I wanna get this whip. I Have six Birkins already and that was before Breakfast Club six. Yeah. Those are investment bags. Hmm. Snakeskin. Hello. Play play. Lord that mercy. Yeah. Them $70,000 bags them $80,000 bags. Yeah. That 'em bags I plan in the cell just in case. You know, they ain't all for where, What's the best gift you've ever received? Mm. I know somebody bought you something. My engagement ring is the best, best gift that I ever Received.


You got a ring, somebody gave you that And you What? That big one? The the one that I'm not wearing? Yeah. Yeah. Why didn't you give it back? Why the hell would I give it back? It? I mean, somebody give you a ring. It's a, it's, it's like an, an agreement that where something's going to, we're gonna consummate something out. No, that was just somebody just splurging. And I said, okay. Yeah. Yep. And you can't un splurge. Won't you splurge? So that's on You. Okay. What about the house though? Oh. Oh, no, no, no. Somebody else lives in that house now. I know You rented it out. I'm a landlord. Thank you. That's another check. He did that for, He did that for you.


He sure did. He sure did. You Got mystical Powell's, Jeff. Hello. That's what I'm trying to tell you. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Chris. Chris, you ain't even know you. You thought you got over. She got you Chris. I sure did. I put it on him And I ain't leaving him ever since. Look, Chris will be like, shit, I got her. She thought she was just going to keep me as a smash buddy. Hmm. That's about to be my wife now. And I love that. That's what's up. Hello.


It's your favorite UNC Shannon Sharp here and I'm a row spark sponsor. Women can sense confidence in how sexy they think it is. Therefore, worrying about an erection can affect your swag in the bedroom. Spontaneous sex can be hot and exciting. Men, you can feel like a superhero when you get hard fast. In those situations, row sparks are two in one prescription treatment for stronger, harder erections. They hit the bloodstream faster because they dissolve under your tongue. And getting hard, faster means more sex after they dissolve. They work in about 15 minutes on average row sparks connect guides with a medical provider a hundred percent online. So there's no awkward conversation in-person. Providers, if approved treatment shifts directly to your door. If prescribed new sexual health patients get $15 off row sparks reoccurring plan, connect a provider with ro.co/shesha to find out if prescription road sparks are right for you. That's ro.co/shesha for $15 off your first order. Compounded drugs are permitted to be provided under federal law, but are not FDA approved. And do not undergo f FDA safety effectiveness or manufacturing reviews. For full safety info, go to road.co/safety info.


What's the most important thing that you've learned about Money? Man, it comes and it goes. And don't kill yourself trying to get it right. Please don't. Because listen, I just had a crazy health scare, right? So I was eating lunch at a restaurant. I go home an hour later, I am like retching throwing up. And then I had to, And I start pooping Real bad coming out of both ends real bad. This was happening for like two hours straight. Chris like, no, we going to the emergency room. No, I can't stay in hospital. So I'm like, yo, I think it's good. It's just a stomach bug. He like, yo, there's nothing else on your stomach. You're dehydrated. Like, and your body is forcing something out.


We need to go and see what it is. We go to the emergency room, they put A-I-V-M-E, they tell me to run tests. MRI sonogram everything. I have gallstones or whatever. Right? And so they're like, we're gonna remove your gallbladder. Now they tell you that that's a minor surgery. Yeah. But it feels very major. Yeah. When you wake up And you got everyth, everything is mine on somebody else. Yeah. That's why I'm like, damn. So look, this how little I know about gallbladder's. I was like, all right, if y'all take this one, the other one gonna be good. Right. You only got one damn gallbladder. I said, oh Lord dang. So, And the thing is, you can function without it And you can function without it. Why they Put it in there, then I, that's the thing. Why you born with it? Stupid E And I'm like, damn. But you gotta change the diet and everything with that.


So, but I'm saying all this to say, I had shows that I had to do And I had to cancel five shows. I had to cancel six. Yeah. Six, six shows altogether. And I'm sitting there worrying and wondering and I'm hitting my manager and I'm hitting, I'm talking to Chris about it. I'm like, yo, I'm losing money. And, and, And I and Chris is like, yo, that is everything that you can get back. You're sitting here complaining about everything that you can get back. Hmm. Look at your account. You're good. Look at my account. We are good. Like, yo, you got your family, we have children. We, you're good.


You still gonna be just hilarious after this. That's how You know this is you're, you're just one person. Yeah. And sometimes you need to sit your down too. So just take this as a sign. Like you need to slow down. 'cause I was doing a lot. Right. And it is what it is. But I'm, I'm back. Good. Now You mentioned that the Breakfast Club is that they wanted to pay you X And you wanted Y and Z. What have you learned about negotiating your worth? Hmm. That if you stand 10 toes down, you will get it. And if, even if you don't, Even if it's not from them, Even if you don't get it, you're, you will get it. You will. Because that's the point.


Some people, if you let somebody pay you X, that's all you're gonna be worth to them in their eyes. And then word travels. Well, if he got up for X, then I can get up for X. Yes. And then now you're X. You know what I mean? That, that's it. Nah, but if you from the jump, from the, from the very beginning, demand what you are worth, that sets the tone Yes. For you. You know? And then that gives people the choice to say whether I wanna, I wanna pay for that or not. Yep. If I wanna invest this in her or not, fine. Cool. Yeah. Because you gonna see a return. Hmm. So What about when you do co do you share your salary?


Do you share, I'm not saying direct numbers, but like with other women in the industry, when they like do standup And you like, hey, Nope. No I don't. I don't share because what I get, I earn that. I'm worth that. Right. That may not be somebody else's worth. Oh, okay. You know what I mean? I see. It may be, or somebody may go back and be like, well, Jess got this, so I'm supposed to be Ah, nah, but see you not Jess. Right. Mm. So that's, that's how that Happens. Is it true you was robbed twice in Atlanta? Absolutely. They robbed your house or they pulled up on you? My car. You was jacked? Yes.


And the guy knew me from wilding out. He's like, oh you Jack, I know you got it. Yo, come on. Yo, you got it. And I said, all right, well it's yours now. I said, just let me get my purse outside. 'cause they, they wanted to take my car. Which type of wood? Wood you had? It Was an expedition, like a Ford Expedition. Big black truck. Yeah. Right. And I'm like, all right, cool. I said, yo, just let me get my purse out. He's like, oh yeah, you got that. And he drove off with the car. Yeah. Did they find it? Yes. It was actually Enterprise's car. It wasn't mine, but they got it. They got it. It was what happened The second time? It Was stripped, but they had it. 'cause that's what they do. They'll steal the car and they'll strip it. Then they'll sell the parts real quick.


Right. But they, they found what was left of it, You know. So what happened the second time? It was, I was, I was at a, I was at a restaurant Right. With somebody And I, and they broke into his car and took my purse. My Chanel. Yeah. So I had to get everything back. That was the first time. The second time was my rental car that they took crazy. I had to get the Hell out. You had a friend to steal from you too though? I had a few people stole from me. But, But you gave her a hundred bands. Was it the guy or girl that stole the money that, that stole from you? That you ended up giving money to A girl That was a girl.


Y'all was cool. How long, how? Man, I, I've been knowing these people so damn long. I've been knowing never say her name, but I, I knew her since I was nine or 10. What? Yeah. Y'all, that's why I'm telling you. So y'all Came up in the struggle together. And she did That when I was scamming. I was piecing her, break it off her money. You know what I mean? And You know I Yeah. Yeah. You ain't put no paper on her? No, I put something else on her. Oh. There ain't no paper Jack. You about that. Yeah. Man. Don't play with me like that, man. Nah, not what I'm already doing for you man.


You And you start playing around with my money like that. Nah. How do you determine, how does Jess determine her circle? Hmm? Can anybody else get in Jess's circle? Hell no. I ain't even got a circle. I got a, a triangle. I got a goddamn triangle. I done got rid of so many people in the last 60 days. Last 60 Days. 60 days. Yes. Because my problem is Shannon, I like to put people on. Right. And that's not even supposed to be a problem. But it is a problem because you can't put everybody on. Nope. 'cause everybody ain't got the mindset to take off.


Yo, I can give you the wings, but I can't fly. You can like, you gotta fly, you gotta do that. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like I, I, I try so hard to put all my people on and that is the problem. And that's why it is no longer a circle. It is a triangle. Do people look at your pocket? Do people count your pockets because they see you? Man, you got, are you in the private club? Yeah. You doing all this? Yes. I know you got it. Come on now. They try to. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I know you got it. I know you got it. Yeah. And I wanna continue to have it. Yes. I'm gonna keep it too. Yeah, Exactly. I won't have it if I keep on giving it away, so, You know. Yeah. Girl trip. You do you do girl trips?


Are you used to? I used to until I was the one paying for a lot of it. I'm like, god damn. That's why I got a triangle. What's the max number of girls that should go on a girls' trip? Mm. Is it 2, 3, 4, 5? Yo. To be honest with you, it should be that should be very small. That should be a Five or Less. A little. No. And I still too much. That's still too much Three's too many personalities and everybody went through different things. Three. Yeah. I would say three. Damn. Yep. I would say three. Everybody got different. Everybody got different personalities. You got the broke friend, You know, You know, and my brother has a joke about this, but the broke friend who you gotta pay for.


Yeah. So she, they on a scholarship. Yep. You know what I'm saying? But then she start acting like she paid her own way. Like hold up now. Yeah. 'cause you gotta eat tonight. Yeah. And you will be hungry if you play with me. You know what I'm saying? And then, You know, you got the other friend who just come there and she wanna be the boss. Everything y'all, we gotta wake up at this And we got the time. Share me in And we gotta, You know, and then, You know, you got the high friend, You know, that always want to smoke. You know you gotta smoke all the time. Where you get the, and then you got the whole friend. Yes. Who had a friend. My brother always say like, you got, how do you got a friend in Belize? You know? You know, so it it is, It's just like that. And you got the two and the few, you got the one that's, that's not aesthetically pleasing.


Yep. And then why nobody wanna talk to me. Yeah. And then she always wanna be in the front of the pictures. Damn. Get in the back. You talking about you don't even have a vacation wig on And you just, oh my god, this your work wig. Why did you wear this to Belize? But yeah, If you could go on a girl trip with four celebrities, who would you go with? Hmm. Oh my God. Four celebrities. Hmm. That is so crazy. Oprah, Beyonce, Ugh. No, I don't want Who You going with See Beyonce too private.


Oprah too rich and just no too mighty. No. We got to let our head down on hell. Oprah. Huh? I might go with Gail, but Gail seemed like she had more fun. Yes. More fun than Oprah. Yeah. I don't know. Hmm. Four celebrities. Yo, You ain't going with nobody else? Nope. I, I will say Will Ferrell. Okay. Funny. Yeah. So yeah, you gotta keep the Lady Gaga. Okay. That's my girl. That's my girl. And I just felt like we could shroom 'em together. Yeah. Okay.


That's it. And I know that is not ideal. No. For And people would, and people gonna be like, what will Farwell Lady Gaga. Yeah. I, yeah. I don't really wanna hang out with too many people. I don't know the hell y'all gonna be doing. Y Yep. Lemme ask you a question. What about the Hollywood parties? There've been, the Hollywood parties have been a lot in the news lately and everybody seem to know. There are a lot of people that talk about they, they've been there. But Man Shannon, that didn't go on when I was there. Yeah. Maybe that was in another room. Maybe that was in the, the house at the back. But I don't know nothing about it. Well, That was the party from eight to 12. Yeah. And then when y'all left, then from 12 to five Yeah. It was another party. Right. You know, that happens. Really? Yeah.


It be all types of parties. And you got the early party for the regulars. Yeah. And then the late party for the Freaky Dickies. Well, how do they know who the Freaky Dickies are? Oh, You know. Oh, they, the people that's pulling up when you pulling off. You know what I mean? That's how you Oh, y'all here for the after poll. Okay. Yep. Do you ever worry about getting canceled? No, not now. At first. Yeah. When, when Cancel culture was first like developed or whatever. When At first, but no, not now. Because what I find is when you get canceled, that's more attention on you. Yeah. You know, they, they talk about you more. Right. You stay in the blogs or whatever, You know, so, and then that's the opportunity to push whatever you got going on.


Right. So, no, I, I don't care about that. I think I was the first person to be canceled, honestly. And I know Soja boy shut up. But I, I really feel like, yeah, I think I was the first influencer to ever be canceled for something. Is there a joke you won't tell Online? There is many jokes I won't tell Right on the stage. Yeah. No. You know who you paid to see. So you gonna get that defender sitting in my damn show. Has anyone checked you for talking about them on Just With the Mess? No. Meek Mill got very upset with me. I roasted his real bad back when he couldn't dress.


He probably still can't. But he's a, he's a reformed guy. Yeah. And I am reformed too. But no, I've never had any, I had people on Follow Me. Ain't nobody, no. Ain't nobody ever checked me. Right. Nah. The closest that anybody has ever gotten to checking me is Sexy Red. That's when she came in there and she just was like, I don't have, I I don't, I don't ride with you like that. Just like Yeah. That, that was the closest. Right. And, and that didn't, that wasn't even checking me. Right. But that's the closest somebody has ever come. Right. Was that sexy wave moment. You were. And you and Meek taking shots at each other on social media. Y'all cool? You good now? Yeah. Cool. Yep. I seen them. Wallo and Gilly had a, an an event last year.


It was like a festival. Right. This was right after a cheese Cheese got shot. Yeah. Got shot. And they had an, an event and Gilly Fest. That's who it was. Yes. Yeah. It was Gilly Fest. And I ran into Meek there and his braids, You know, they were old And You know, I did tell him that. I, I said, now come on Now. You got a lot more money than you had when the braids were old back then. Right. You know, he just laughed And we, You know, we laughed about it. But yeah, we made up, we fun. I still joke about him though. He he's very believable. Yeah. You know, he, he, he's very believable. Lemme ask you this. Five years from now, 10 years from Now, you sit back in that chair And we have this conversation.


Where's just hilarious. What is she doing? Hmm. 10 years from now? Hmm. Because just coming up in the next year, it's a lot. But what I want is my own network. Okay. I do want my own network. Or if it's not a network, it needs to be a channel. You know, where I can, where content lives, like funny content. Right. Drama, Like, You know, I just want my own channel. Right. You know, I wanna give people a chance that, that are victims of gatekeeping. You know, I wanna give other people like me a chance. Yo. It's a lot of talent out there.


It's a lot of people who don't have platforms that are thriving and flourishing. And I see these people all the time And I'm like, yo, you'll be good in a sitcom. You'll be good in a movie, you'll be good. You know, having your own show. You know. So that's what I wanna do. But You know, I wanna be a household name as an author. 10 years, five, 10, You know, from now. 'cause I plan, I'm working on a book now. So I plan to write more. Right. You know, And I just, I just really wanna make change in that, in that regard. Giving people a chance who are victims of gatekeeping. Right. Yeah. Because it's a lot of them. Anything you wanna promote?


Absolutely. So I'm about to launch Messy Paw. It's a doggy clothing airline. Okay. It's going to include toys, harnesses, leashes, doggy treats and clothes, You know, for your dogs. I have a Frenchy, his name is Bain. He's four years old And I, I'm a dog person anyway. Yes. So I love dogs and that's where I actually thought of the idea that the idea actually came to me in the pandemic. But it was so many other things that I was doing in the pandemic. I never got to launch it. So messy pause will be available very, very soon. And then I am rebranding my messy vision line. I have an eyewear line.


Okay. And I see you need some glasses 'cause I'm getting tired of you wearing 'em. Same one Shannon. So I'm going to get you. No, I got like, I got like six pair. Oh you need 10. You need four pair of messy vision. So we going drop the men's line soon. I appreciate that. And You know, I got you. I'm gonna send some up here And you gonna have to wear 'em for episode or two. You had me taste, you had me taste the shea. Yeah. You know, and it was smooth, You know, And you gonna like these glasses, You know. So I'm doing the rebrand and I'm actually looking to collaborate with some influencers to push the brand because glasses are not only, You know, for prescription Right. You know, for people to see they're stylish and everything. Yeah. And my glasses are blue light. They have the blue light feature because everybody being their phones and a lot of people are messing up their eyes these days.


So my glasses, they have the, the blue light and then also shades Okay. Are coming now. So we all, we have shades, but we have more styles that we are dropping soon. Okay. You know, more styles, more colors and everything like that. Also, Dr Who, my fitness apparel line, which I also launched in the Pandemic when everybody couldn't afford the BBLs, we had to go to the old faithful waste trainer. Yeah. You know, and it's just fitness apparel, You know, compression and everything like that. And people actually buy them and wear them as regular outfits 'cause Yeah. They're stylish. Yeah. And yeah, they, they insinuate your curves and everything like that. So I have that, the fitness apparel and then also Yes, I'm, I'm really, really happy about my book.


So it's, it's a co-parenting book. What is the book coming out? It, it will be out 2026. What year We in We're in five. Oh yeah. So it because 26 Child, I'm, I was race eight four. Yeah. It's coming out 2025. Yes. It's 25 now. Yes it is. Okay. Yep. It is. But we, in the beginning, Shannon stay with me. We going the, the book is gonna drop at the end of the year and it's a book about Co-parenting therapy. Okay. A lot of people wanna know how me and my son's dad got to the place that we are now. And it's been a stigma on baby daddies and baby mamas or whatever. Right. Especially in our community. Right.


It's very unusual to see a baby mom and a baby daddy get along. Yeah. Correct. And it's like, nah, like, it, it can be a healthy environment, You know, because it's, it's about the kids. Right. And you just, it is just about showing up, being the best versions of yourself, the best version of yourself for your child. So, and, and it's, it is, it's in story form. I tell the story from the beginning of Mayor Rome to how we ended up where we are now. Right. And raising our son. So that, that's really, really good. That's, that's gonna be a really good thing because we need it definitely in our culture. We definitely need this book. And it's the white people that can, that can thrive from it too. Because I, You know, I'm from Baltimore City. Them the, the, the white people, just like the black people down South Baltimore child, they be beefing with the baby daddies and stuff.


You ever been to Baltimore? I used to play for the Ravens. No. No. Have you been to Baltimore? I ain't saying Not. No. Not That. I know you used to play for the damn Ravens, but playing for the Ravens ain't like being in Baltimore. I mean, you like 10. Yeah, absolutely. But I know that 'cause my dad is a fan of yours. I know. So, but you ain't been to South Baltimore, down Monroe Street with all the crab spots at and all of that. Well, I mean, we used to walk to the stadium so that, that's about it on the pier where the ESPN zone used to Be. Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright. Yeah. So no, you haven't been to both, so that's what that is. But yes, so that's, that's what I got going on. I'm very, very happy. And then I'm also dropping my new podcast, reckless Discussions.


It's also, it's a continuation of my talk show that I used to have reckless discussions. It's, it still lives on YouTube, on my, my channel. And it just basically hits on uncomfortable conversations. Basically like things that people don't talk about. Right. But they want to. Right. And so we're gonna be, we're gonna be relaunching that as well, but that's gonna be a podcast. Okay. Yeah. So I'm actually excited about it. Funny. Just hilarious. Thank you. Appreciate y'all. Thank you. Spotlight La the newest exclusive nightclub for allowing Club She Shade to film here. Spotlight LA is a place for anything and everything, with something programmed for everyone.


Keep up with Spotlight on Instagram at Spotlight La. All my life been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Want, slice. Got the bro, the dice, the swat. All my life I be grinding all my life, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, slice, life. Grinding, all life.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Spring is in full swing, which means it's time for spring cleaning. Don't worry, we've got everything you need to stock up on Spring Cleaning Essentials. Because a clean home is a happy home shop in store or online for spring cleaning favorites like method, all purpose cleaner Swiffer, heavy duty mopping cloths, Lysol bathroom cleaner, scotch bright sponges, and Clorox disinfecting wipes and save offer ends April 22nd. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and company


At David's Bridal. Love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom, dress and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more at david's bridal.com.