
These days, it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of home ownership has become outta reach. Well, rocket is trying to give more people a chance to own their homes. They're making home ownership simpler and more accessible to more people. Turning renters into owners Rocket believes that everyone deserves a shot at the American Dream. So are you ready? Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now. Y all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dunn Boogie. Thomas, red Rascal, flex Cole. Swindell. Sam Hut. Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway, age limit. Is there an age limit for you on dating? Is this, is there an age like you'd, like? You gotta be this age and you can't be over that age. So is there a Shannon, I'm gonna be honest with you, these 22 year olds are on my body. Yeah, I can believe It. And it's so, and I'm like, I'm old enough to be your mama. Like I'm 41 years old. I don't care. I don't even like girls my age. Yeah, They immature. Very. Yeah. Yeah. And immature for sure. I'm just saying that's that's right. Not my thing. Right. But I mean, there's some little cutie pies, but they're young.


Yeah. As hell. So you say you're 41, so if they're like, at least has to be at least 30, and then I'm not going above 50. So if they're like 30 and 50, that's my, that's my demo. Or is it 30, 60? That's my demo. What's, what's, what's the demo? What's the, it Depends. It depends on the man. It depends. Depend, huh? Yeah. Mm. Because if I, if I really like love you or I like you, I'm a wanna, I'm gonna wanna have sex all day. So you can't be too old Where you, You, you just can't, you handle, You gotta be able to handle me because I'm in my prime right now. The party is prime.


Hell yeah. Yeah. Jesus. I did say I wasn't gonna drink. Yeah. Listen Jordan, lemme check my bag over there, Jordan. But you caught criticism when you dated Savage. I think he was 24. You were 33? Is that Yeah. Was that nine years? Yeah. Yeah. Is that, is that the, is that the biggest age discrepancy as far as you being older? Amber, lemme find out. You pa passing out now, ladies in Jolly Ranchers to get you.


Come on. No. Stop. You gotta chill. No, again, I mean, Guys like, what they like, they, These young boys sha it, I mean, You know, after a while you just like, ah, You know, like we were in and when I was, when I was in high school and the teacher didn't look like they look now I, I can, but what I'm saying, when you found, when you had one teacher that you was like, yeah, and here you are like 12, 13, and she's like 25. You are like, wow. Mm. Man, I can't wait to get, so I can 18, 19, 20. Yeah. I can, I, I can see guys. So I think that's what, I think that's what happened with girls my age. Right. These young boys watched us for a long time.


Yes. And now they're old enough Yes. To, to pursue us and date us. And that's why they're on us like that. Okay. Yeah. That makes sense. That makes sense. You see the situation and I think she got more criticism than you Drea Michelle. Yeah. And Jalen Green, I think she, I think her oldest son is actually the same Alan age as Jalen Green. Yeah. And You know, and You know, Jaylen's grown and, and people are like, well, You know, groom, she didn't meet the kid when he was seven. Right, Right. Bro. I mean, come on now. Yeah. I don't know if You know her, but what do you think about that, that situation? One, I think to each his own and he is a grown man. Correct. I think that the outrage is more so that her son was the same age.


My son, my oldest is 12, so if my oldest was 22, I may feel different as a mother talking to a 22-year-old. I don't know. Right. I, I'm not sure about that. But for me to talk to a 22-year-old, I, I don't really care. I wouldn't date them and be serious with them, but I had my little fun and then I'll keep it moving, You know? Right. But I think that was the outrage. But I think they look beautiful together. Yes. They have a baby together. They seem happy. They seem very happy. Yeah. I'm looking at Al Pacino. Al Pacino is 83. He just had a baby and she was 29. Wow. Yeah. That's what I said too.


Yeah. Good for her. That that might be a bit mu that might be a bit much ever. That might be a bit much. How Much is Al Pacino worth? Probably 300. No. Well, good for Her. Well he definitely, he definitely ain't going all day. So hopefully, You know, she on a schedule. Yeah. See, yeah. See I, that's what I can't deal with. I can't deal with, I can't deal with that. That's too old for me. I mean, God, Lee, I mean, well you have to get somebody in his twenties or early thirties. That's not true. 40 and 50. Put it out. Just medications. There's, Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Medication. Medication, medication. No medications. Shout, shout out to Rose Sparks. Lemme ask you this. Yeah.


When someone, she is dating your, your youngest son's father. Yes. You, you'll be okay with like, when, when, when other celebrities date people that you once dated, you be okay with that. You're like, you try to, you try to beat me or something like that. Do you, do you get upset with it? Well, I mean, if you look at my track record, all my exes dated bad bitches after me. I was their initial bad bitch. Right. And then bad bitches wanna date them because I dated them. That's just how the game goes. But they can't see you though. What You mean? The, the, the, the ones they dating after you ain't, ain't you. They try to get, they try to replace you.


If that's your opinion. I'll take it. I'm not finna say that that Okay. You know, but God bless them. Look, when it comes to my children, as long as my children are happy, I grew up with stepparents. I know how it is to have stepparents or my mom was dating people and stuff like that. I don't feel no type of way. As long as these women are nice to my children. Yes. That's all I care about. Right. Honestly, all the other stuff is, it means nothing to me. But Why do people try to get in the way when someone is dating someone older? Be it the man dating a, a younger woman, or the woman dating a younger man. Why do people always try? Why they can't just be happy for 'em? Why? I mean, that's not your life.


Yeah. Why do you care? Yeah. I don't know why I, I mean, You know how the internet is. They, they, they just, everyone has an opinion. Everyone has something to say about And they think their opinion matters too. It does not because I'll tell you, when I got canceled, 'cause I endorsed Donald Trump, right. When I'm out in the street, I'm not canceled. Everybody still wants pictures. Everybody to me, I still go do You know charity, softball games? Give out autographs, show up here, there. And the third, you would think it never even happened on the internet. Right. So the internet is fake. It's just the loud, it is just the loudest. They make the most noise talk. It is. I had to learn that in the hard way because I was, I was thinking because everybody's had something negative to say, Amber.


And I was like, damn. But then my sister said, Shannon, do you think you could be where you are? Your on ESPN? You did. You got Club Shaha, you got nightcap, you got all these sponsored advertisers. Do you actually think you could be this if all these people hated you? Exactly. And once you really think about it, no. Everybody that could talk about you or me on the internet, when they see us, they would ask us for a picture. True. And they would be excited. Not one person I've met in the last three years since I've been on my own, have ever said anything that somebody said to me on the internet. That's what I'm saying. It's all fake. It's all fake outrage. And you sit at home and you read it and you're just like consumed with it.


You get all nervous and shit. And then you go out and you're like, no one really gives it. Don't care. Gimme some relationship advice. What's the best relationship advice you can give Amber? I'm hurting right now. You hurting Right now? I'm hurting right now. Oh. Pull Hustler. Hard Out. You trying to get somebody back? Hell, I might be trying to get somebody. Are you trying to get somebody? Yeah, I'm Usually somebody to hook it up. I, I would say be a gen a genuine person. Right. Don't be a liar. Okay. Don't be a love bomber. Okay. Spend some money. Girls like Money Shannon. They do. Yes. I, I wanna pull Hustler. I I ain't got it like that ever. You got it like that. You been, you you got had Club Shaha for three years.


You're fine. Yeah. You, if you have money, you gotta spend money on girls. If you want an upper echelon type of girl, you, you have to spend money. How much enough? Nothing crazy. But you got, you gotta take the girl shopping. You gotta be like, yo, I was thinking about You. Do I gotta go? No. Okay. You do not. Okay. I was thinking about you. I bought you a Chanel bag or a Birkin. I just thinking B Birkin Chanel bag is fine. Okay. Yeah. But early on, early on is fine. You know, Birkins, they started like 1215. Amber Chanel bags do too though.


Chanel bags are up there as well. All I'm Shannon now. You got it. Don't sit here and act like that. Don't be cheap. Girls don't like that. You gotta spend that money, Man. I might have to put two ends in Chanel. You get it from, what's that website, the tmu or a bas Right. Public breakups. You know, you date public, you gotta break up public and it's bad. Yeah. And it's really bad now between Cardi and Offset. How, if you are in a situation like that, would you go back and forth with your ex online?


I would not, but some people feel the need to. Why? I also think I've, I've been famous much longer than Cardi. Yeah. I think when you're newly famous, you do feel like you have to explain to the internet. So you, I I, I've taken plenty of Ls on the internet. Yeah. Because I just didn't explain myself. Right. They've associated me with men that I never even met in my life. Okay. I was like, I ain't, I'm not gonna sit here all day and dwell on this. They're gonna do it anyway, whatever. Correct. But she does, she feels the need that she has to defend herself. And I'm actually not mad at it. Like, I look back and be like, damn. It's kind of inspiring that she does that.


I kind of wish I did that early on, You know? Well, when you and Kanye broke up, he had something, a song to say and he said something really negative about you. And I felt that he could like, just, what is that? He said that he had like something about he had to take a bath or something. Mm. You remember that? I remember that dumb as shit that didn't make, couldn't have made you feel good. Well, listen, I'll tell you something, Shannon. Men that are in new relationships. Yeah. Sometimes they have to say mean things about their ex. So their girlfriend, they're good about this. Girlfriend doesn't feel bad about this. No. Nah. I, I ain't, I ain't Finn to problem. You know, I ain't Finn to prop nobody up by talking down to somebody else. Just saying, you Do psychologically speaking.


Yes. Or like, that's what they do. Right. So the girl can be like, yeah. Yeah. Talk shit about her. So it makes me feel good. Right. I'm not an insecure. If a man said that about his ex, I'd be like, you spent two years with her. You took her all around the world. You bought her everything she wanted. She knows your whole family. His, his, You know, his aunties and cousins. They, they still hit me in dms and called me and text me years and years later checking on me and my kids. So I was good enough for you to be with, it's not like me and Kanye were, we were together in a relationship for two years. You know what I'm saying? So this to say that about me is that wasn't cool.


Did you hit him up and say, bro, why you do that? What for What? For what? I'm not hitting that man up. He knows what the one day I'll get my apology one day he'll come out and be like, I should have never said that dumb ass shit. But that's why I said he likes fingers in his booty. Oh. Because it wa it just like, but I didn't say that as a factual statement. I said it because it's like, you wanna hurt my feelings, I'm just gonna hurt your feelings. So, You know, it was childish and it was immature, but 30 showers was crazy when I didn't even have sex with you. Unprotected until you got tested.


You're Kanye West and I made you get tested before we had unprotected sex. So how you gotta take 30 showers after me? I wasn't the one out cheating and doing dumb. I didn't do anything. Damn. You know? I do know. Let lemme ask you this. What about these rumors? You know, there was a Chris Rock rumor. There was a rumor with CJ Stroud and then this rumor, last rumor Iman Schumper, because I think they, they photographed you beach my Dog. Yeah. Iman is, I call Iman to hook me up with other guys. Right. That's my dog. Like Iman is like literally one of my best friends. So me and Iman have nothing going on. We never had nothing going on.


CJ Straub was nice enough to give me a ride home. I was in Houston, my assistant's from Houston, he went to go visit his mom and I didn't have anybody with me. I was supposed to take the, the Sprinter back to the hotel for this charity game last year. And the Sprinter left me. So CJ was like, I live in Houston, I don't mind giving you a ride back to the hotel. I'm not gonna leave you here to get an Uber. And I was like, thank you. I appreciate it took me to the hotel. We're all over the internet the next day. So it's just like, things like that, it makes my life tough because let's say I am pursuing a man or somebody likes me and you see That, they're Like, ah, this is everybody.


Right. You know? And it's, it's just not what's happening at all. Wow. Yeah. My beautiful dark twisted Fantasy album. Yeah. That was about you, huh? You gotta ask him that. I mean, I mean, that's, some people say he was making good music when he was with you. He might need to get back. They all make good music with me. I I'm just saying he need to come on back, You know. Oh, no, no. He don't need to come back. Yeah. He need to come back. He need to come Amber, that music. No, no. I'll, I'll be his friend, but I don't On the blame game. Amber Rose on the Blame Game song. What were you trying to say? Who? You I didn't say nothing on that song Jesus taught You say Jesus taught me the blame game skit.


I'm Oh, That's on me. Yeah. No, it's not cj. No, no. The internet says that it's me. Oh. So the internet line again, so The producer is right. Right. That is not me. Okay. Just see the internet said he found me in the strip club and saved my life. That did not happen. He rescued Jo rescued. Nope. When Kanye jumped up on that stage and took that mic from Taylor Swift. Yeah. What was going through your mind? I was like, holy. I just, Did you have any idea he was gonna do that? No. No. I had no idea. I had no idea he was gonna do that.


And he was so fast. He, he was like sitting right here. And then I think it was like Beyonce and Solange and like, were sitting next to me on this side and he was so fast. And You know, even to this day, I tell people like, he was wrong for taking Taylor's moment. Yes, I agree with that. Was he wrong in what he said? No, he was not wrong. And I think over time being famous, you see a lot of things that are just not okay. And they use celebrity as pawns in their, in their weird little games. Right. And he was just fed up. And when he got off the stage, he was instantly remorseful.


He apologized to Taylor and her mom. It's over though. You can't apologize for that though. I mean, you can apologize. I Get it. I get it. I get it. But at that moment, yeah, I get it to have Some, I don't know if we've ever seen, it's kinda like a protest and we've seen, You know, politicians and somebody throw a pie in their face or put egg and You know, things like that. Yeah. But to be at the Grammy's, that's her as matter of fact, I think it might've been her First, it was the MTV awards And that might've Yeah. Well she, she won what album of the year or something of the year? She won video. Video of the year. Yeah. You won video of the year over Beyonce's single Ladies. That's kind of crazy. Shannon, come on. It is crazy. But, and I love Taylor Swift. She's always been very nice to me and my children. But Beyonce should have won.


And, and sometimes With, but that wasn't his place. It was not his place. I if y Beyonce jump up on stage and snatch that and snatch the microphone. Yeah, I can live with that. But not him. I agree with you. What was the ride home like? But two things could, Could be true. You know what I'm saying? So On the ride home, was it quiet? Was like, damn, Kanye, I think you might've messed up on this one. What was the ride home like? Well, if I remember correctly, he was on the phone with people and they were Crisis managers. I think people were just like, why did you just do that? Right. But then we went to the spotted Pig and we were having a good time and he, he did feel bad.


You know, like, it's hard for me because I do have a place in my heart for Kanye. You do. Where I know the good side of him. I've experienced the good side of him. But when he surrounds himself with people that just feed the dark side of him, he's not living at his full potential. Okay. So I, I feel bad when I see things that he does sometimes, and I'm like, you don't have somebody around you that's maternal in a way that's gonna, they're gonna sit you down and love on you and get you to do the right things. You know? Do you believe he's a, a different person after his mom died?


How much impact did that have on him? Because everybody seemed to believe that from the moment that happened, that he's been a very different Kanye West. So I haven't had the pleasure of meeting his mom. I've met Kanye after his mom passed. But I will tell you from experience, my mother lost her mother at a young age. So when I did get with Kanye, I knew how to take care of him because I had always taken care of my mother. Hmm. And so he wasn't acting like that with me. Shannon, he wasn't, he wasn't that guy. He did the MTV but he wasn't acting like how, how he's acting now. When he was with me, he wasn't doing that because I would sit him down and talk to him and, You know, tell him to go in the other room and take a picture of his mom and speak to her and tell her about your day and tell her how much you miss her and light some candles and cry.


And it's okay. You know? I don't think he has anybody around him that's really, I don't know, just loving on him, just loving on him the, the proper way. That's just me from the outside looking in. That's just how I feel. When you see Kanye today, what are your thoughts? Again? I think that he has enablers around him that don't actually care about him. That's what it looks like to me. I don't have inside information on what's going on in that camp, but just looking from the outside and that's what it looks like to me. When you see Kanye and his wife, I don't know if it's his ex-wife, the reports that they're getting divorced, so forth and on, let's just say for the sake of argument, they are together and you see how she's dressing, is that she's dressing like that.


Or Kanye dressing her like that Kanye's Cher dress. Her like that. Yeah. He did the same thing to me. And Kim, this is Who, it's, why, why does he, why does, why, why does he like, I mean, obviously you are very statuesque woman. You have curves. You, You know, you, you're very figured. What, what is it, what is it about that that he wants the world to know? Look at my woman. We can See he wants other men to want his woman. That's what he's into. He likes that. He likes, he likes that men are like drooling over his woman. That's what he's into. I mean, yeah. I mean, I, I like to think anybody that I'm, I'm with that somebody wants her if hell or don't nobody want her but me.


I, I need to reassess my, I need, I need to reassess what I'm doing. Right. But to like, to really like man, I want, Yeah. He wants all his friends doing his girlfriend, he wants all, everybody that when you walk in a room that his girlfriend or wife is the most desirable in the room. She The baddest be in the room. That's What he likes. Yeah. And you dress like that because that's what he wanted. And you want to please your man. Well, I was young and who am I, I'm gonna tell Kanye no, like, when I'm that young, it's like, okay, you're buying me this stuff. Right. I do look pretty and cool, but Shannon, now if you look at old pictures of me when I'm dating Kanye, but I'm out by myself.


I have all his clothes on. Yeah. I have all, I have baggy jeans on t-shirt, big ass jacket. I raided his closet. When he wasn't home, I would wear all his stuff because I used to hate to dress like a whore basically. I used to hate it. So I used to rebel when he wasn't home. And I would go in his closet. So lemme ask you this. Ideally, how does Amber Rose like to dress? Is the, is it occasion appropriate? So if this, if I'm going to the Grammy's or I'm going to someplace else, I'm gonna dress appropriate. But when I'm in, when I'm just hanging out with my girls, I'm saying you're not wearing all that stuff. No, I'm in sweatpants. Okay. In this, I'm in a sweatsuit, usually with some Jordans on.


Okay. Maybe a, a, a little dad hat or something. I'm very casual. Would you, I mean, I don't think you had, you did, I mean, I, I think you did have one of those see-through dresses that Kanye put his wife in at one point in time. Yes, I did. Amber, I cried. Really? Yes, I did. I remember crying. I was in like Italy or Paris or something. And I remember crying and arguing with him and being like, I don't wanna wear this. I don't wanna wear it. You don't understand his fashion. I'm a genius. I, You know how he is.


And it's like, okay, I still don't wanna wear it. But I wound up wearing it. They ate me up on the internet and they ate you up. They ate me up. And then I'm like, The guys were trying to eat you up too. The guys, the guys loved it. The guys loved it. I was like, oh my God, I really just don't This. Well that's something you, as you look back, that was many, many years ago. It was. Yeah. If that was something you'd do again, you'd never do anything like that again. Would you do What? Wear, wear something like that? No, but that because that, that was prior kids. It was prior Kids. Kids. So you got kids now, so you guys are like, nah, I got boys. Nah, I can, I can't do that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So I'm actually on OnlyFans. Right. Okay. And so I know OnlyFans has like this stigma of like porn and Right. I am on OnlyFans.


I'm doing cute pictures, selfies. I'm talking to my fans. Right. Hey, what are you doing today? Oh, I'm going on Club Shahe today. Make sure you tune in next week, blah, blah. Right. That's my OnlyFans. I make a lot of money on OnlyFans. Feet Picks. No, I don't do feet pic. You don't do no feet. No. I mean, everybody got their price. Yeah. Somebody asks for a fee pick. It depends on what they wanna pay me out Right. Than my fee. Who cares? But yes, because I have children, there's certain things that I just will not do because I, I, I respect and love my boys. You are a model for Louis Vuitton Ford models. Vogue Walk the runway at New York Fashion Week. How is that world, what is it like to be a model? Because I think, You know, what, what is it, what is, what is that world like?


I would like to go to Fashion Week in Paris. I like to go sit down and see a Tom Ford show or Dior or whatever the case may be. I like to see one of those shows. What is it? What what's that world like, Amber? I personally don't like it. Really. It's not my thing. Shannon. I'd rather have a barbecue with some loud music and be with my friends and like dance and just have a good time with no phones and just chill out. I'm that girl. Right. Fashion week is very superficial. Although I love brands. I, I'm wearing baan. Ooh. Okay. But I, Like, I look at the shoulder pads. I'm like, that's something I probably should know. Yeah.


Yes. Little ba dress. So don't get me wrong, I, I like certain things within fashion, but I do not like the fashion world. Okay. Most of the people are ugly. They're Still, that's how you really feel, huh? Yeah. They're just ugly on the inside too. You know, they're just ugly people on the inside because it's not about who you are as a person, it's about what you have on and only what you have on. So it becomes very dark over there because no one is actually real. It's like, what did you have to do to put this $8,000 outfit on? What did you have to do to get that? You know? And that's all they care about out there.


So it's just not really my world. Wow. Is modeling really a cutthroat business? It is. It is very much. Mm. It's like every other business. It's like, depends on who you what, damn. What, You know, what connection you have. This is all the same. It's all the same. Did you ever interact with Naomi Campbell? Tyra Banks? Did you ever meet? Oh, they were a little before you. No Way before me. Okay. Like 20 years before. Okay. Hmm. I got something. Because this seems to be like the last year and a half, there's been all this talk about these Hollywood parties. Let's talk about it.


Amber. What's really going on? I don't know. You end up invited to these Hollywood, Hollywood, Hollywood Party. I've been, I've been to probably everyone I've been to every Puff party. I've been to every white party since 2009. I've been to every party. And You just go in the wrong do go in the right room. Not the wrong room. I don't think there's rooms, Chad. I'm gonna be honest. Now. Look, I'm gonna be very, very transparent on this show. Okay? If these freak offs are happening, it's on a completely different day than the actual Puff Parties day. The good day. Okay. It's not that day.


Because every time I was there, puff was there the whole time. You know, he's, Hey, he got the Ciroc. Yeah. He's on the DJ booth. He's the host of the party. I will say that. Now I've had this conversation with Ray J. Ray J's, one of my best friends. I said, Ray, did they ever invite you to a freak off? 'cause they never invited me. And I done been at these parties. I just feel like, why get the invite? Because they know you don't get down like that. Maybe They know I don't get down like that. Okay, cool. But you would think maybe an assistant would come up and be like, Hey, you like girls, or like, You know, you into never, no one ever asked me that. They never asked Ray J either.


And me and Ray J was talking about it. We were like, I done been to the party, the after party, the after after party. I never seen none of that stuff. But that's not to say that it does not happen or invalidate people that, but I do think it's a different day that I'm just not invited to. I don't know.


These days, it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served. So we can have our, their American dream isn't dying. It's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League, and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players. The always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast. And it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay. We'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm vibing. Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


You think it's a a, a plot because we saw it happen with Russell Simmons. Now we see it happen with P Diddy. And you think it a a is a, a plot or a ploy to take down prominent high, high powered black men? I don't know. It really depends on the evidence. Right? Because they did say that there were drugs in the baby oil. I don't know. That's allegedly. Is That, is that true? You think that Puff had, I don't know, a thousand bottles of baby oil? That's what I'm saying. I don't know. Because the internet is fake, like we said earlier. Right. You just don't know. Right. But if that is in fact true, then that that is a problem. One thing I do know about Puff is that he's an abuser. You know, he abused Cassie.


We all saw the video. Right. It is not okay. And, but as far as the freak offs, I don't know about that. I, I just, You have a, did you have, when I say relationship, I don't mean intimate relationship. Right. But did you have a relationship with Puff Daddy? Were you cool? Did you talk, did You know him? Things like that. I would say that we didn't talk on the phone and we didn't hang out, but I was always invited to the party. Okay. And that's the extent of our friendship. Okay. Now, is it true that you were at the Halloween party that Puff's sons and, and, and Ray J got into it? I was, yes. I was right there. What happened?


They just pressed Ray J and they were just like, stop talking about dad. And then Ray J said what he said like something like, I know you're bad dad better than You know, your dad or something like that. And then it just got ugly for a second. Second from there. Yeah. Because I'm cool with Christian and Justin and Quincy. But then I also love Ray J. Right. He's like my brother and it, I'm just like, guys, please just, just stop. It's not worth it. Y'all, y'all don't wanna do this. Right. Like, so it, You know, and I told Ray, I said, look, that's their dad. What do you expect them to do? Right? Like of course they're gonna stand up for their dad. You know what I mean? Like, and Rightfully so. Right. But it's reported that Breezy Chris Brown was the peacemaker.


Is that true? I think I was the peacemaker. That was you. I think, well, from what I remember, I was going to both sides and like, y'all don't need to do this. But maybe Chris came down at some point. Yeah. It was in the garage. I'm not sure. What have you learned about Fame? Oh, ooh. Because you've had more than 15 minutes. You've had two decades of it. Yeah, it's going on 16 years. What have I learned about Fame? That half of these motherfuckers don't know what they're doing. All the publicists, all the fake ass managers.


All the business managers. And they all manipulate all of us into thinking that they have all the answers when we ourselves have the answers. Hmm. As the entertainers or the socialites or the, the famous people we got here because of us Before A manager. Yeah. Before a publicist. Yes. Yes. And some people just have that it factor, You know. But it's funny because very early on you get the publicist, you the manager, and they tell you like, oh, You know, if you wanna make money now you gotta twerk. You gotta sell sex on the podcast.


You gotta just say that you girls and guys and you. So you eventually start to lose yourself in this fake entertainment world because they're intimidating you every day that you're gonna lose it all if you do not do what they tell you to do. Right. Instead of standing 10 toes down. But that intimidation changes you as a person. It's Fame drug because I believe some, I believe it is. I believe it's a suffocating. I believe it can be intoxicating. And people once and once you become hooked on it, you'll do anything to keep it. Maybe for some people. Not for me. I don't give a shit about being famous. You famous now.


You can't be unfamous. You cannot be unfamous. No, you can't be unfamous. But yeah, I don't, I mean, I don't actively do things to, You know, To, to, to be in the public spotlight. Just like, look at Amber Rose, look at what she doing. Look at what she's Wearing. I'm really quiet. Yeah. Like, I'm really quiet with my so yeah. Money. What have you learned about money? Oh Lord. Just save, save, save, save. I I, I remember I spent my first million and I gagged. 'cause I was like, What did you spend it on? Going to Miami Fountain, blue partying, bottles, outfits, clothes, shoes, dumb.


Just a bunch of dumb. And then I was like, then I got a business manager like, you need to pay taxes. And I'm like, what? So then I was like in the hole. Mm. It was like very early in my career. But I definitely never, I didn't do that again. I definitely did not do that again. What's been, what's your, what's your best and worst purchases? My Best and worst purchases. You know, when I had new money, I had like seven cars for no reason what the, and now I have two cars.


So yeah. I just, I don't live the same way anymore. I'm more, I, I I save now and I think about things before I buy them. Right. I'm, I'm definitely gonna take this dress back and like, I'm gonna exchange it for another dress when I have another interview. So Let us know so we can make sure you take it back before we are here. This end. I, Yo listen, I put the little receipt in the, in my drawer next to the bed. I'm taking this shit right back. Lord. Have mercy. What's the Number one thing that you learned in the entertainment business? No one genuinely likes you. They just use you for, they just use you for what they need you for.


Really? It's not real life. No. You really Believe that Amber? Yeah, I know that for a fact. Yeah. No one genuinely cares. Like at your Lowest It's all transactional, huh? Yeah. At your lowest point that they don't give a, it's like, when are you gonna get better so we can get you to do what we want you to do? Wow. Yeah. Lemme ask you this. If you could go back and do anything differently, what would you do? Being famous. Yeah. If you can go back and do anything of your life, you go back. If I say Amber, You know what? I'm gonna give you an opportunity to go back. You can get the time machine and you can go back and you can do, get a do over. What would you do? That's such a hard question, Shannon.


I would appreciate my children as babies more 'cause it flew by so fast. And my Sebastian, he's gonna be 12 tomorrow. Wow. Congrats. Happy early birthday. Thank You. Yeah. His birthday's tomorrow and then my son is five. And I was just like, you guys were just in my belly, like, what happened? And I, I don't know, I just, it makes me sad sometimes. Mm. I wish I, I wish I understood that that first, second and third year was gonna go by so fast. What do you learn about mixing business and friendship? I don't do that. You never have or you don't do it anymore?


Well, okay, I guess going back to your question, yes I have and it, it, it always turned bad. Mm. And I always had to kind of break up with them and be like, I love you as a friend. So to not mess up our friendship, we cannot work together. Wow. Yeah. How did they take it? Some better than others. But we, we remained friends after It was friends stealing from you to steal jewelry money and even slept with your boyfriends. You had people, you had three. Oh Yeah. Oh, hold on, Hold on. Time out. So you got people, I told you all the about my men after they had me. Shannon. It is weird. It's like kind of lesbian ish.


So does that make you think they were never your friend if they were willing to do something like this to you? Hundred Percent. 100%. You were never my friend. You never cared about me. You never give a about me. You were, this is what you always wanted to do. And I truly believe that. And I will never toss to these people ever again in my life. How, how much money did they steal from you? There was a large sum of money. Like 5,000, 10,000, 20. Oh it was like 250,000. Yep. And then fled to Jamaica. And you ain't seen 'em since? Nope. No. Did you wanna get over there and go to Jamaica and get 'em? You know, I did Shannon. Good lord. How mercy. Hold on. Did you have a friend call Social service on you?


That's a tough one. I mean, Someone did call social services on me. Yes. It was not my friend though. People been doing you wrong, huh? Twice. Twice on me. I mean, I obviously got cleared both times. But Did You know that person? Yes. I knew them very well. So they were friends. They just tried to hurt me in a way where I will never forgive them for that. You gotta be able to forgive Amber. Why? For what? Because forgiveness is not for them. It's for you Who said that? Because you're holding onto it. No, you can't be free. I'm, they can never be free without, they can never be free freedom without forgiveness. I I don't even think about them until you bring them up. Or I see 'em on the street.


See, I don't think about them. It's, It's not like I'm sitting all day thinking about these people Talking, talking about these people. But there's, there's still, there's still a little bit of bondage that you're still in captivity with it. It's just how I'm built me over. I won't, I won't hate you forever. You were in school to dance with Kat Williams, Mike Epps, Tiffany Haddish, Pete Davison, Lil Duval, Nick Cannon. How was that experience? It Was super fun. It was so much fun. You know, it's crazy. I was pregnant with Sebastian on set and I didn't even know it yet. Really? Yeah. 'cause I, my, I remember my stomach hurting and I was cramping and I'm like, the hell is going on? And then I, I found out I was, I was pregnant. Wow. Do you wanna act more? I do wanna act more.


Yeah. I think I actually just had a meeting with the agent yesterday to, to do more acting. It's pretty fun. Lemme Ask you this. What type of mother is Amber Rose? It's, we say you are an unbelievable mother. He spoke glowingly. He spoke. I mean, I don't know if I've ever had somebody on here speak so highly of me. Why? Like, bro, why don't y'all stay married? He's like, we we're better as friends. Yes We are. But what type of mother are you? I am an extremely hands-on mother. I get up every morning and take my children to school. I feed them every morning. I pick them up from school. I cook them dinner every day and I take them to their extracurricular activities.


I do not have a nanny. I've never had a nanny. Really? Nope. And my kids wouldn't even know what to do with a nanny. They'll be like, where's my mama? They, they don't, they're only used to me. Is it a situation? They, they, I I read somewhere. They say what you craved as a child, you overcompensate as a parent. Maybe. So that actually makes sense. And I I never thought about that until you said that. But That's maybe why I am that type of mother. Right? Yeah. What type of boys are you trying to raise? Because you like, you, you are definitely a mom. You are a, a, a boy mom. Yes, I am. I'm also militant. I'm I'm militant. Yes. You, you strict parent. I am. I You think Wiz is a strict parent? Yeah.


Please. That he'll be like, okay B whatever you wanna do, You know, I'm like, but yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm the strict parent for sure. You feel you have to be that because the, the, the dads are not Yeah. They, they're just pushovers. Yeah. Both of my kids' dads are pushovers. I'm the disciplinary one for sure. So they have to, well, not so much slash 'cause he's five, but Sebastian has to make his bed wash dishes. You know, we have a housekeeper five days a week. But I said, Victoria works for me, she don't work for you. You need to clean this up. Wow. She cleans up for me.


She don't clean up for you. You don't have a job. Clean all this shit up. Put the stuff in there, take the trash out and wash the dishes. Wow. You know? So he needs to, he needs to know that. So when he gets out on his own, he don't have to depend on anyone to take care of him. Right. What's the key to being a great co-parent? Because like you said, you have two sons, two different dads. Yes. And so obviously I, like I said, I had whiz on and he seems really, really cool. But I'm sure the, your your youngest son's dad, they probably have different personalities and the way you interact with one, you don't interact the way, the same way with the other. Yeah. The other co-parent. So what's the key to co-parenting? The key is to not worry about anything but your child.


Okay. Once you talk about you got my son around that bitch. Yeah. Why, why he over here doing that? You took a picture over here with none of that matters. Okay. If your baby is safe and fed and happy and healthy. Right. Don't bother nobody with that dumb ass shit. Right. Just be a parent. That's it. Should a woman try to live a lifestyle once the guy's gone? That she lived with the guy. If they were to have a kid together. So let's just say for the sake of argument, you had, the guy was worth 500 million. Y'all not married. So what do you think a respectable amount of monthly child support should be?


It depends on how you want your child to live. Right? So it depends on the man. If you're not gonna see the child that much, right. If you're like busy and the child is with the mom more often. Depends on how you want your child to live. Okay. You can't spite the mom because I'm saying spite the child because you hate the mom. That's not cool. So it's like that she's not, she not finna live off my money, blah, blah, blah. But now you're sping the child because now the child don't have a backyard or swing set or amen. Amenities that you could bring with your money just because you wanna, I mean, I don't know Amber, I don't barely know a whole lot of kids that need 50,000, a hundred thousand, 150,000, 200,000.


It's Lot. That's a lot of money. That's very loud. Yeah. Yeah. It's a lot of money. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I I mean look, I I never took my baby daddy to court. They just break you off. Do what they do. They do what dad should do. Yeah. Well, Do you think sometime women actually try to get pregnant from men? Yes. Yes. That's a real thing. Yes. You've had girlfriends say, oh, I'm trying to, hey, I'm trying to, I've had girlfriends lie about abortions to get money to get to act like they're pregnant. Yes. It's disgusting. This is why I stopped my slut walk, by the way. Yeah. This is why I'm no longer a feminist. Okay. Because I saw the dark side of what women can do.


And I'm sitting here feeling slighted by men. Right. And then I'm, I'm fighting for equality. Right. And I'm like, the only equality is that you either, you bitches are crazy. Y'all are really, you guys are extorting men lying about pregnancies saying you're on birth control when you're not to trap him. You know? And I mean, not to sound vulgar, but if a man comes inside of you and you say that you're on birth control, he trusts you right up that you would trap him like that. Right. You don't do that to people. And that probably should have been his first mistake that he trusted someone, huh?


Yeah. I mean, because You teach me after talking to you, you're like, Shannon, don't trust nobody. Yeah. I don't, I don't trust nobody. I don't, I really don't trust nobody. Weiz told me like, after you got the day you got a divorce, you and him went to the strip club. Yeah. How the hell That y'all can't be together, but come on baby, let's go to the strip club, get some wings. That's my dog. That's my dog. And he said, You know what? He said, I wouldn't, I wouldn't get, You know, I just give her the money, let her do her thing. I was like, Wiz, think about what you said. You said you and Amber, y'all went to court. Y'all got a divorce. Come on baby. Let's go to this club.


Just, we just cool like that. Shannon, He said it, he said, we are so much better as friends than we were husband and wife. 100%. Also, also in our defense, Wiz was 23 when he proposed to me. Right. I was like 26. We were very immature. We were just getting money. Right. Our families were just like, what? You got this money? And he got that. And our families, our marriage really, really gonna be honest, what Happened? His mom didn't like you. Your mom didn't like him. I mean Just, everybody just couldn't mind business. And then me and him started arguing because our family is intimidating us and just making hard where we could have just been happy and peaceful.


You know? It just wasn't, it wasn't, if we would've got married later in life, it would've been much easier. 'cause he really is my best friend. Right. Like, we're cool as hell. It's just, it was just the wrong time. Can you have done a better job of keeping him at y'all damn business? Oh yeah. But we, when you're that young and you got so much money coming in on both sides, and then you got a brand new baby and you got the mama telling you, well this is how y'all raised you. And then my mom was like, well I with this. And then she's saying this, this and, and that. And then it's just like, well, I'm like, well you need to tell her to stop saying this. And he is like, well, you need to get your other side of family. And it's just a whole mess.


It's a whole mess. You're partner with Khalifa and Khalifa Kush? Correct. Are you partners? I wish I was. Gimme my 5% something. I I I've always, I I had no idea. I mean, when we started started club, she, Shea, cj, my executive producer. Yeah. I never thought a lot of people that I'm sitting down with because the way we started is that I just reached in my phone and I just reached out to people that I had in my phone. So I'd never had any idea. But I've always said, man, I wanna ask Amber Roll. Why the hell you get a tattoo on your forehead? What does, what does that even mean? I, I wanted to, I mean, because My kids' names, You couldn't put it on your back, your arm, your thigh.


I mean, Shannon not to get dark. 'cause this conversation was very happy and Yes. Yeah. But I just never had a problem with depression and anxiety. I've always been a ball of sunshine and You know, I had a baby and the pandemic hit. Mm. And at all that happened. And then at the same time I found out my baby daddy was cheating on me. My, our whole relationship. Damn. So it was a lot of hard pills to swallow and also trying to be a mother. And I had a 6-year-old at the time and just California shut down California.


The, the rest of the country didn't shut down like California did. Yeah. California shut down That California shut down. You almost like just could not leave your house. You couldn't. And everything was so scary in the news and my newborn baby and my mind, me up and I, I got the tattoo 'cause I felt like I just needed to feel something. I just needed to look in the mirror and see my kids. And I don't know, I just, I was just felt, I was in a very dark place and I also, I didn't, I didn't wanna feel beautiful. I didn't wanna feel pretty, I just kind of wanted myself up a little bit. Damn. If that makes sense. No, it, I mean at the time, I mean I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm listening at you and you're telling me what you're going through and that you didn't want to feel pretty and you get a tattoo and obviously it's where everybody's gonna be able to see it.


You put it in a place. And like I said, I ask you, and I don't mean to be disrespectful or anything like that, so I apologize, but So you had postpartum? I, yes, well I had postpartum 'cause I, my entire relationship was a lot, a lot. You know, and, and I just, Was he seeing Cher at the time? Was he, that was the one he was seeing. So he was seeing everybody. I don't think he was seeing Cher, but he was definitely seeing everybody. How Do you not know? You say you had intuition. How you not know? You, you, you have cloudy judgment when you're pregnant. Oh, Okay. But it's also like, how you gonna cheat on me when I'm pregnant? You know, I'm not finna cheat back. At least play a fair fight. God cheat on me when I get my body back.


Oh, you get your lip back. No, I don't do that. Okay. I ain't, what am I gonna go your friends to make you mad? I'm not gonna do that. That's ridiculous. I'm not that Person. You know, some of 'em do that now. I'm not that I, why? That's so dumb. That's so stupid. No, I'm not doing that. It's ridiculous. You have any more time. So you got one of your thumb Used to say Cam 'cause what's name was Cameron? Well his, his name is Cameron. But I turned it into pain because he broke my heart worse than anyone could ever break my Heart. Yeah. 'cause I was gonna say that you're not gonna be able to have, I don't know how guy's gonna let you have somebody else's name on him. Yeah. I turned it into pain. Yeah. So how many tattoos do you have? You have seated to it in your forehead.


I see the thumb. I'm fully sleeved. Really? Yeah. What made, how old were you if you got your first tattoo? I was young. Did you always want tats? I wanted to be baldheaded with shades and I wanted to be tatted. Really? Yep. Yep. It's, this is all premeditated, right Shannon? This is all premeditated. Right. And this is how I want it to look. I see what Pete Davidson just had all his tattoos removed. I think that's the cost. I don't know if it's true. It said over $200,000 to have those tattoos Would you ever think about having your tattoos removed? No. It's just too painful. Really? I ain't doing that. The removal is painful. Huh? The removal is more painful than the actual tattoo. Really? Yes. Oh yeah. You know what it is? Because I had my daughter, she got a tattoo without my permission and I ended up having to take her.


She got here. She was in pain, Huh? Yeah. Oh, she was screaming. I said, I don't know what you to tell, I don't know what to tell you because, but you can actually hear, you can smell the skin burning. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, it's Bad. Yeah. I, I tell her that every week. Got it. Up off. I feel, listen. Yeah. She talking about she wanted to be Riri. How would your Yeah, she had, she had, she had it down her arm. I mean, had her just like Rihanna. Oh yeah. She wanted be Re I Funny I say Riri don't pay no bills up here. I love you rere. But that had to come up, up there. Wait, how old you, you only have a daughter? I have two daughters and a son. And how old are they? 32 and 31. How Old are you Shannon? I'll be 57. You continue.


Gimme a little drink, right? You give a little Dre joy. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


These days it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you're one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying. It's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it and Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast. And it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm vibing. Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I feel like that K Doc swimming pools, pour up, drink, headshot, drink. Woo. They not like us. Jordan did not like us. Little shot of that right now. Surgery, procedures, breast reduction, liposuction, cellulite procedure. Botox, fillers, face type. Why you need to do all that? What You mean? Why not? No, I'm saying this is your body. I, I'll never tell. So I look, I look the same. Yeah, but I'm just not aging. So what women do is they go and get these procedures done where they look different. They look like a different person.


I don't wanna look like a different person. I just wanna A younger version of yourself. You said what? You wanna look like a younger version of yourself. Yeah. Yeah. I just wanna stay youthful. You do realize the objective is that once you is the age because a lot of people have an appointment that they can't reschedule. What do you mean Appointment that you can't reschedule? It's called death. Oh, I mean, don't you, I mean, so how long, so you wanna be, you wanna be 60 looking like this? I will be 60 looking like this. Oh Lord. I mercy. Amber. It's okay, Amber. It's okay. It's fine. It's fine. It is definitely. Okay. So all those procedures, I mean you like, man, that that's, It's really not a lot.


It's Upkeep. It's just, it's just maintenance. It's, that's not a lot of Right. Trust me, I know girls that get a lot. I know guys that get their bodies done. What? What kind of body? What kind They get six packs. They get all that. Yeah. Come on Amber. They Get cuts in their, so what they do is they lipo suction around the muscle and it makes it cut like stick out. Yeah. Yeah. Guys doing that now? Yes they do. They won't take they lazy ass to the jail. Well, some is genetics, some is genetics. And if you want the extra cuts, sometimes you need a little help. Oh lord. You go to Dr. Matlock, Your Angela Black China, formerly known black China.


She got her breast implants, butt injection. She got all that stuff removed. Yeah. Yep. Good for her. Yeah, she's happy. She seems very happy. She does seem very happy. Do you have a conversation with her? She, I mean she's sober now. Yeah, we talk all The time. Do you? Yes. Yeah. But You know, we're just in different, we have different lifestyles, me and Chyna, but that's my sister forever. Why do you think women are regretting some of the decisions that they made when they were younger? Scissor says she re she regrets getting her BL as well. Why do you think, why do you think women are starting to have those regrets, Amber? Well, I think it's because it's, it's a style at the time, right. To have just a big old fat ass.


Yeah. And then you realize you go gym, You know, squat, go The gym, hip thrust. Well, you go to the gym and then you can't really run on the treadmill 'cause your ass is heavy as hell. And then you wanna go get a taken out, You know? So, I mean, I've done it. I, I got my butt done and then I got everything taken out right. So I got my butt done when it was in style. Right. Like a big stupid fat ass. And now I got it taken out. Is it hard for women to, to to age gracefully? I'm, I'm happy with aging. I just feel like if, You know, if I can get some Botox or some, You know, I really don't do much, what do I get? Do I get like maybe a little filler right here and some Botox on my face?


You think I could get some Botox? I'm gonna take you. Huh? You need some Botox? You need a little bit of, For this line right here. You got a couple? We gonna get rid of mine, but I'm about to be 57, But it's okay. It's just, it's fine. You get a little Botox and then it just smooths it out. Oh, I'ma they'll do it for free. It's fun. Oh Lord have mercy. But, but why is it, it seems to be a double standard that men, men can age gracefully. Yeah. Oh, you look so good. We love the salt and pepper, blah, blah, blah. But women, because it's like men, men can get the age, like be 55, 60, 70 and still appeal to like the high twenties, thirties, year old 30, young forties.


Women don't, not so much have now some, like you and your situation, you being who you are, a you gonna always be able to appeal to basically from 19 to your age or even 19 to 70. But it's not, I'm gonna be honest, it's not easy. I do go to the gym five days a week, You know what I'm saying? Yes. I do drink a lot of water. I don't drink alcohol like that. Maybe a special occasion. Yeah, a little something. There's, You watch what you eat. I eat in moderation. Okay. So I am, I am from Philly, so I do like my cheese steaks and my pork sandwiches and stuff like that. But I, I, instead of eating a whole one, I'll eat a half one. Right. Or instead of having fries with it, I won't have no fries.


I'll just drink a water versus a root beer. 'cause I love root beer. But yeah, I just mix it up, mix and match it, You know? Have you ever been body shamed? Do women body, do people body shame? Not just say women, but do you get body shamed? I did. Especially like, after I had my kids and I was still fat, You know, but I didn't give a, I didn't think about it twice. I was just like, I'm fluffy because my kids have to lay on me and breastfeed and I don't care. I'll go, I'll go to the gym and I'll figure it out. Why are women so hard on each other on social media? Is it really like this in real life? Are women really this hard on each other and normal? Forget social media. Take that out.


Have women always been this hard on each other? Have y'all always been your toughest critics? I don't know. I don't know. I I mean, I know this is kind of like frowned upon, but like, I usually hang out with guys. I don't hang out with girls like that. And the girls that I do hang out with, they're very confident. If you're insecure around me, it you can't hang. It pisses me off. Yeah. I don't like that. But again, the Iman Shumer, the, the Ray Jays, my assistant is a man. That's my little cousin over there. All my friends are mostly guys that I hang out with because girls get too emotional.


They talk about purses and shoes. I wanna talk about religion and politics. Okay. I like to have more conversations with men because it just resonates with me more. Okay. What's the craziest interaction? 'cause obviously you say fans, You know, a lot of times you meet fans and they wanna autograph, they wanna take pictures. What's one of your craziest interaction? Girls are usually the worst because I get girls like, like a rapper would, like girls wanna have sex with me. Really? Yes. And you tell 'em I don't get down like that. I don't get down like that. Yeah. But then they, because they're girls, they get like very touchy feely. Oh, they be, they feel they be feeling you up. Yes. Yes. It's, it's kind of crazy, Shannon. It is crazy because it's like, you're really assaulting me right now.


Yeah. And I was like, I'm not gonna call the cops. But you didn't really cut it out. It's, It's crazy. Wow. Yeah. It's girls. The most it is girls. You bitches are crazy. College, college Hill with Ray J Hanford, Jocelyn Herandez, Tiffany. I mean, do you like re do you like doing reality shows? I Or is your life a reality show? I was famous for 15 years and that was the only reality show I ever did. And I did it because I, like, I love to learn. I never had an opportunity to go to college.


And I was like, why not? If I'm gonna do a reality show, I should go to college. It would be fun. You know? So do I like reality shows? I don't know. That's my only experience That I have. If you had gone to college, would you have pledge? What would you, what would you be? Delta AKA? Probably not. No. Really? Nah, I'm not into all that stuff. I told you I'm introverted. The Joscelyn Hernandez fight. You guys make up. No. Damn. Tell her how you really feel Forever, Kurt. She's a dumb, stupid Oh Lord car Lord. She's a, she's a ignorant and I don't think about her, but I just don't like her.


I, there's no reason to Forgive her. What, what, what led to this? Why, why was it like this? Why, how did it become so contentious? You know, I never said this Sha I'm gonna say this on your show. Okay. I, I'm, I'm gonna give the truth to the, to the world. Okay. To the internet. Okay. Okay. Jocelyn Hernandez was trying to have sex with me the whole time I was on College Hill. She was in my ear. She was saying, just gimme a chance one time, You know, but if you cool with it, we can do it in front of my husband, but if not, like, you could just be me and you. And at first I was nice right? And I said, I'm flattered. It's just not my thing.


Right. Right. I was very gentle right in my ear again, coming over, like having a dress on and going like, like there's bending over a coochie out. What? Yes. The whole, and it was loud. Did you tell her? She's like, look, I like the arm and hammer. I did. She knew that. Okay. She knew that I'm a heterosexual woman. Yeah. I don't like that stuff. Heavy on the Hetero. Heavy on the hetero. Okay. Okay. So, You know, as Jocelyn, she's bending over showing me her vagina and I'm, You know, I'm laughing. I'm like, girl, you crazy. If you was a Man, you'd be attracted to that. But you not attracted, that's not your thing. Okay. Jocelyn's a beautiful girl. Yes, idiot. Yes, but she's a beautiful girl. Okay. Right. I'm not gonna deny that.


So anyway, when I had respectfully declined on numerous occasions, then she started bullying me with the race. Why you sound white, why you talk white, why this and that, blah, blah, blah. But you black, why you act white? All this. And I'm like, you are like obsessed with me. Like there's no, you don't talk white are like, are you insinuating that black people can't speak? Well 'cause that's, that's, that's what it's giving. Right? Right. So we're in class and there's a poem a from Langston Hughes about different of black women. Right? Right.


So she now am I jump in the back of the classroom. So she's like, yeah, not like, not like them white people. White people are ugly. It's like something like that. So I'm at, of course I'm at A-H-B-C-U, I'm the only biracial there. I very light skinned. I, I could pass if I wanted to. And they all turn around and they look at me, I'm like, child, I ain't even try to hear this. You know, she'd been bullying me saying dumb for like two weeks now. Right. So she's like, no, no, no. But Amber, you're black. And I, and at that point, see they didn't put this in the show, the lead up to it. So it looks like I'm just overreacting because she said I was black. Right.


That's not the case. I'm like, girl, I have a whole white parent. It is very different. So then she's like, well, you're like me, you're mixed. And I said, no I'm not. You are a Puerto Rican. Right. Both of your parents are Puerto Rican, puertorican generationally down the line. The, the blacks and whites mixed. And then you became Puerto Rican. I understand the history, right. The difference between me and you is that I have a white parent and I have a black parent. Right. It's a whole different culture sis. Right. You don't know what you're talking about. So stop telling me who I am. And then she was like, You know what your problem is? You just wanna be white. And I said, okay.


So I just get up and I'm quiet and I gotta walk past her desk to get out the classroom. And she went like this. And I was like, what? And I, you fired on her? I hit her with like a six. It looks like a six piece. Damn. Yeah. She has a history of violence. She does. What am I gonna do? You're gonna bully me and then beat me up. Are you done? I'm never gonna let you do that to me. I'm you gonna Get first. You'll get off first. I'm gonna get off first and now. And my, both my mom and dad was like, that's right. That's what you do. You know. And my dad was like, you always get the first hit. Always. Yeah. How difficult was it growing up biracial in the nineties, in South Philly?


It was interesting. For sure. Well, I mean I actually the like what, late eighties? Late eighties? It was the nineties. Nineties. It was the nineties. Okay. Yeah, for sure the nineties. And like, I started first grade and 91. Okay. So it was definitely interesting because the, it's like the Italian and Irish out there. So they're like a different kind of racist sometimes. But I would like have, before I really even thought about race, I would, I would have a crush on like an Italian boy, like the Irish boy. And then they would like see my mom and they would be like, You know, call me like the hard R. And I'm like, it's kind of crazy. Like, You know, and then, and then, or they would see my mom and they'd be like, damn, I just, I had no idea.


Or I thought you were white. Right? Or, well, if your dad's white, then you're white. But if your mom's black then you're black. And it was always like, I had to just pick a side all the time. Right. So I think that was one of my frustrations with Jocelyn. Like, I'm, at the time, 39 years old, are we really doing this? Like, are you that stupid? Right. That we really have to go, I have to go through this at 39 years old. Right. It's, it's insane. Wow. Yeah. Do you hate that you felt like you needed to pick a side? That I need, I got, why can't I just love both of my parents? One is black, one is white. Why can't I embrace? Why do I have to choose a side?


Why do I gotta choose the Caucasian side of my family? Why do I have to choose the black side of my family? Why can't I just embrace and be an embodiment of it all? That's my whole point. I always felt like that my whole life outside. But you felt that each side wanted you to choose Not my my people. Right. People on the, not my family. Okay. My Family. That's, I say yeah, outside forces wanted you to choose you black the time. Say I'm black, black power. Right on. Yeah. But It's like the one drop rule comes from white supremacy. It comes from Jim Crow era where if you had one drop, white enslavers would rape black slaves women and had their, they would have their kids and they'd be like, oh, one drop. You're still a slave. Right. You know, it comes from white supremacy.


There is no reason why I have to feel bad that I have a white dad and white family members that I love and I have to just say I'm black because the one drop rule is insane. Right. And I, I, I love that. I have my white uncles that introduced me to Pantera and Metallica and system of A Down and Leonard Skynyrd White and all these Chicago. Chicago, all that Parent supply. That's a part of my culture because of my white uncles. And then my mom's side is, You know, the Anita Baker Luther Vandross, four tops, temptation, Teddy Pentegra. That is who I am. Right. So somebody like Jocelyn bitch, you not finna just tell me who the I am.


Lemme ask you a question. Why do you think Drake Drake receives so much hate? Do you think it's because he's biracial? 100%. Yeah. And he embraces his Jewish side. Right? So much that it pisses people off. If, what do you think? The people that are profited off being in black spaces, you got a problem with that? You okay with that? Well, well, that confuses me. Okay. I'm gonna tell you why, because Okay. Talk to me. You cannot blame, you have to blame the consumer Right. At that point. Right. Right. So when people are like, Amber, you're famous for no reason. It's like maybe, but you have to blame the consumer. You can't blame me. Right.


Blame the people that buy into what I'm selling, right? Yes. So if somebody like Drake or me is within black culture and we're biracial, why are you mad at us? We love y'all. Right. You know, and we love white people too. Right. And there's black people that aren't good and there's white people that aren't good. Right. There's bad people in every race. Right. And there's good people in every race. Correct. So you don't talk about people as a monolith. That's unfair. You know what I'm saying? I do. So to, to benefit off of black culture is crazy. I hate when I see that. Right. 'cause it's like I, you're not actively going into to, you're like, like me, I'm biracial. Right. Like me, I'm Drake's just making rap music and it's really good.


Right? So people like it. Like I they Buy It. They buy it. Yeah. Tyler Caught a lot of backlash when she identified herself as black and a colored woman. She's being obviously she's South African. What? What's going on? People are called color in South Africa. Yeah. Colored. There's a different culture over there. People in the US and you can, They used to call you that they used call you that and, and civil during, You know the civil right? Yeah. Civil. Civil rights and, and the civil. Yeah. And, and You know, pre 1860s, that's what they call colored. Yeah. Colored. They call you negro. But it has a negative connotation. Connotation here in America. Right. Because of American history. Right. It's not the same in South Africa.


Right. So when she says that people are up in arms, but it, it doesn't mean the same thing Right. Over here that it does over there. You've been participating in Travis Scott's annual HBCU Celebrity Classic. What's your relationship with Trav? You cool? Y'all obviously you're cool. You 'cause you go damn near every year. Yeah, he's just, I don't know. He's just super cool. He invited me one year, which is crazy, right? 'cause I don't talk to Travis Scott until the game is coming up. Right. Like in February. And I'm like, yo bro, like what are we doing this year? Right? Like, how many outfits should I bring? Is it like an after after party? Right. And then I won't, I probably won't talk to him till next February. Amber, I don't know.


I was debating you caught a lot of flack 'cause you supported President Trump. Your politic using it. You say, look, I like talking religion. I like talking politics. Yeah. I ain't got no problem with it. And people like, we gonna cancel Amber Rose because she wearing the, the, the red hat Make America great again. What went into your, and we said, You know, talking to Wiz, he says, look, if that's what you believe, do you, yeah. Why you worried about what everybody else thinking? Do you, what made you decide to say, You know what this, who I believe is the best candidate? This who I believe this is who embodies basically what I believe in this who I'm supporting? What went into your thought process?


You knew that you was gonna catch some criticism, you was gonna catch some blow back and flag, but you did it anyway. What went into that decision? I just felt like he was the best for our country. And why not use my platform to say that first and foremost. Second of all, no one can ever cancel me. Only I can cancel me. Right. Is there anything you wanna promote? You got anything coming out? You got a book, you got cosmetics, anything you wanna promote? Yeah. So I would like to announce that me and Ray J are coming out with a new show. Okay. And we are talking about everything. Sports, politics, entertainment.


It's me and him. We're gonna go nuts. I can't wait for you guys to see it. And also follow me on OnlyFans. Subscribe to my OnlyFans merch. Oh my, my merch. If you just go to the link in my bio at Amber Rose on Instagram, you can get all the links there. But my OnlyFans is just my day-to-day life and stuff that I don't post on Instagram. So it's really, it's really cool over there. Ms. Amber Rose, thank You. Thank You. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Really appreciate your time. That was awesome. Thank


you. Spotlight La the newest exclusive nightclub for allowing club She Shade of film here. Spotlight LA is a place for anything and everything with something programmed for everyone. Keep up with Spotlight on Instagram and Spotlight LA


All my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll, dice the squat. All my life I been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price won.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game. Right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policy makers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning. You write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One, happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Don Boogie Thomas Rhett Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.