
You're listening to an iHeart podcast,


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's and purse sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og Cool rush for yourself.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Shop the Sherwin Williams Memorial Day Sale and get 30% off paints and stains. May 16th through the 26th. With prices starting at 34 29, it's the perfect time to transform your space with color. Whether you're looking to revamp your bedroom, living room or home office, we have you covered with bold hues, soothing neutrals, and everything in between. Shop the sale online or visit your neighborhood Sherwin-Williams store. Click the banner to learn more retail sales. Only some exclusions apply. See store for details.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. You know I said I'm from a, I'm from a pre DM era. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes. I'm You had to walk up on 'em. Yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? What, how, You know, have something to say. How, instead of like, just seem like an emoji Right. To communicate. It's a little different, but I, I, I saw her and, and we just, You know, just hit it off, man. Were you nervous? No, I've never been nervous when it comes to females at all. Yeah. No, no, no. I'm, I'm, You know, I'm, I'm one of them. I think I'm a pretty charming Yeah. Pretty charming fellow. You know, I'm, as I know what I ran to the table too, so, right.


Yeah. It, it wasn't, it was just about me knowing that this was the one more than anything. Right. You know, which, which I believe, I think, I think I read a stat where it says like, I think maybe 80% of the men have never asked a woman out on a date personally. So like, you walk up to that individual like, Hey, how you doing such and such? My name is this, what's your name? I would like to take you out. No, I, I think that's too Scripted. Right. Anything about let's go on a date. It doesn't normally have happen. Right. You meet somebody, I I I you hang out, You know, I just don't you get hang out right now. Right now, a date with me and, and my girl.


We might be at the studio. It's just anything. Oh, okay. You know what I'm saying? Like the date, you don't like the script, then Okay. We going out to eat, we going out to do The You don't like date. Yeah. Like that don't even sound right. Okay. That sounds like a real script to me. Right. You know, I, I think the normal way is you end up at Candy Land, You know what I'm saying? Having a drink or two, whatever. And, You know, you, you might don't wanna say it was a date, but that's exactly what that was. You know? So Yeah. That's what I like to, Before you had, I mean, were you, when you heavy into the adult entertainment industry, would you come in here without thing, a normal thing that you would do? Yeah, I Came here before I owned it. Yeah. I'm like being from Atlanta, the strip clubs is one known to break music and two known to have like, popular people.


Absolutely. Congregating. Yeah. So I've been coming to strip clubs and I was like, maybe like 15 to 16. It was a strip club on Cleveland Avenue called Pleasers. And they used to do, and we might need to do it here, they used to have free popcorn, like little and that little smell. Yeah. I used to be hungry. I go in there, man, I eat, You know, three, four Things. Hey, You know, I I thought you was gonna say that one on pause. I thought, I mean, no, I thought you were gonna say Claremont. No, no. That One, that one. They don't know nothing about the Claremont. No. I can't believe that that that club that he's talking about actually have, You know, women upwards of 50, 60 years old. 70, 70 years old now. For sure. Yeah. I want, see, I want, see, I'm, I'm, I'm not co-signing that because once I heard that, that what was going on.


You gotta Go one, you gotta go one time to see it for yourself. I don't, you don't believe it. I I I don't, I do believe It. You gotta See it and I don't have to see it. You gotta see it. I Do believe it. You gotta see it. I've heard it from too many different people. You gotta see it. But man, to know that women, and I ain't judging. Yeah. It, it is men's in there watching. Yeah. And women, but it's 70-year-old women in there. Four teeth, no teeth. Hey man, say they say they, they tears ain't wave. Like, like you see it like on, on National Geographic. The, the, the women on Africa. Yeah, they, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Atlanta. That, that's the culture. Yeah. Man. I think Magic opened his spot in the eighties, so Oh Yeah. Oh. But yeah, yeah, yeah. But you, I mean, you, you, so you like, okay, I'm, I'm gonna get this.


She's like, okay, babe. I I can see that. Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah. This, this whole spot is, is been refurbished, You know, I'm saying. Yeah. So the seeding, the everything. So that whole process, they came in. Now my mom, I was just, because my mom, if she could, she would come in here, but I was like, mom, just don't do me like that. You know what I'm saying? Right. Like, she goes to all my spots, ESCO and all that. Right. She'll be with my aunts hanging out. So she, my mom would come up here and eat, but she won't hang out. Right. You know what I'm saying? But, You know, my wife and everybody else will. And it was just a whole process from beginning to end of, they were definitely a part of it. Right. No one was in the blind with this. What do you think the top three cities for adult entertainment is? Atlanta, Houston and Miami.


Can't go wrong. No. Atlanta. Houston and Miami for sure. Yeah. Houston, that made a come up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's it right there. Them the cities With the video. When you, I I, I think it was a video when you and ki you shot it with Kiki in, in the, in the strip club. Kiki Palmer Ki ain't been in here. Ki Kiki hadn't been in here. I don't know where man. Kiki. Kiki hadn't been here. It wasn't, It wasn't in here, but where was what? Do you remember where it was? Uhuh? Nah, but Kiki, I, I, I think shell Virgo like me, so we been, we be, we Cool.


But I hadn't seen it in a minute. Like I know this last movie was hard with Sizzle. Sizzle. Yeah. Yeah. But we, I've had too many enter It is a entertainer here every weekend though. Yeah. It's Entertain here. Football player. Like I ain't, ain't, but like it's a entertainer here. It's, yeah. If you're a part of the coach and you, you've been here. Yeah. I wanna know. 'cause I know Maj been knowing Match 30 years. Do you, like when, when the, when the dancers wanna come in, they come and audition. Do you audition them? I've been here for auditions before for sure. So what, what's, what's the idea? What are you looking for? Is there a particular height, their particular shape, their particular personality? There's a particular, I mean, It's hard to tell personalities during audition.


Right. Because you're not really talking to 'em. You get 'em on stage and it's two songs. One will close on, one will close off. Right. Right. And you see if they can dance first. Right. 'cause this is, You know, an entertainment facility. If they can't dance, then that kind of ends it right there. Right. If they can dance, then you start looking at other, other things. Right. And then, You know, it's not really about because people like natural bodies, people like BBLs, people like white people, like black, black people like different things. So it's up to me Try fake boot. Yeah. To, for me to try to have a little bit of everything. Everything. So when I'm, when I'm in here trying to get girls, I'm trying to fill voids for something that we may not have at the time. Okay. Okay. Or if we got too many looking this way, I'm trying to bring in something like that.


So I'm just trying to have options for people who come in here. Right. What is it about the strip club and the music? Because you get some of the best music in, in, in, in the daughter. It's the energy. It is about dancing. So Originally girls would come on stage to do their set and they would tell the DJ what they wanted to hear, to dance to. Right. And so the reason they're telling the DJ to play this is because it's making people spend money. Right. And so it had a direct connection with everything that's going on. So that's why records really when they do good in Atlanta strip club, they do good all over because it's like a weird science to it. It is to where people tip or do something to the song, You know, and it doesn't even have to have that kind of connotation in the music.


But if it's the tempo is right and it has that vibe to it, and people can throw money or dance to it once it, once it incubates in the strip club, it can just live anywhere. Right. Were you arou, you were, obviously you were arou, but did you ever bump into Big Meet when he, when they were in Atlanta? Yeah. Yeah, for sure. That was, that was, that was a time. It Was, it was a time that could never be duplicated, man. Because you, I've never seen that many, You know, brothers get along and have they and, and Shine and everybody had Yeah. And shine. I can actually say I saw that with my eyes and You know, the prices on the streets was different and everything, You know, and I was in my, I was selling weed at the time, so it was like, I wasn't even in the same game that they was dealing in.


So I just wanted to, I just wanted to get, I, I, I remember just really wanting to like, have access to meats to just like sell my weed to 'em. I would have to sell it to a few other members around before I could even just get to 'em. But yeah, I mean, it was, it was a time in Atlanta that I don't think could be, You know, duplicated man. Too much money flying around. Too many zero care is given, You know, so I tell you what, something else that won't ever be duplicated Freaknik. Nah, Freaknik won't be duplicated either. I remember being, I, I remember those days too. I, I saw From 92 to 96, I saw girls before the word twerking was out.


They were doing, they were twerking way back with that. That was, I mean, I, that ain't what they called it, but they was doing that back, back in Here wearing no clothes. Guys doing the most Too much. Dudes doing too much. Too much dude. Dudes doing too much because They, and, and the traffic, you think tr it was like Freaknik when they came here for the, for that Thursday night, Friday night, Saturday night. What you see in Atlanta traffic. It was like that way back when. Yeah. I mean, it was worse because you remember at, at, at a certain point in time, they even blocked the intersect. They blocked the, the exit. So once you got on 85, 7 5, you had to go damn near to Clayton County. Yeah. To turn around. Yeah. Wow. You remember? That's crazy. Yeah. What I was on feet.


You, you look up, you been on walk eight miles, nothing because You know these people, they'll park in their car and getting out and you just meeting people. You interact and you dance. Somebody got this big ass camcorder. Yes. And you just don't even know what footage you, you shot with yourself back. You people would literally, it was a gridlock. So 85 was like a parking lot. You people literally stopped and they was dancing in the street and just like, and I was, I remember thinking to myself, I say chain man, I don't know how much longer they gonna let this go on. 'cause this thing getting outta control. Yeah. It skin, when it started skiing, yo when it started skiing black folks, it was over And they remember they shut down the mall. They started shutting down the mall at three o'clock in the afternoon. But When it started getting, making black folks scared, they ain last.


James, you want to, I mean, you've done a little acting, you want to just, is that something you would like to take on? Take on a more responsibility, do a little bit more of? I wouldn't mind doing acting, but I'm act I actually interested in being behind the camera. Okay. So, okay. Yeah. I shot my first short film called Red Class. I shot it last summer roughly, You know, based upon my life. And it will be in a few festivals. Yeah. You mentioned it's like a, it's a short film. It's only 20 minutes, But it's, it's, it is really well put together. And so I'm excited about getting that off my chest and everything that comes with that. And I'm also excited about producing what's after that, which will be aligned and tied to that.


So. Right. That's where I'm with it. I'm, I'm really, and it, and up to now, I kinda have kept it a little, You know, to myself kind of a secret a little bit. But right now I think it's time for people to really know I really got something special coming out. And I, and I'm, I'm just as attracted to this feeling of doing something good as I was back in the days with my mix tape and my music. I just feel like I got something special to bring to the table. Right. I meant to ask you this earlier. You got 50 to narrate your album with Lil Wayne. How would you able to pull that off? You, you had a relationship with 50? Yeah. Yeah. I just called him. He, I either called him or I saw him because I was in BMF before I was in BMFI was invited to a dinner where I met a lot of the producers and writers and stuff.


And then obviously he put me in the BMF, the BMF thing. Yeah. And so, You know, what's the, the worst thing somebody could tell you is no, You know, I figured out a long time ago, if you don't ask, you wanna know. So I like bro about gonna get fed. Yeah. I got this, You know, I got this. I want you to narrate because he, to me, when I was describing, when I was describing the album, it felt so cinematic. And I felt like I wanted somebody to narrate the project, but I wanted to be somebody that never said their name. But you just know who it is. Right. You know what I'm saying? Just, they just, You know who it Is. Yeah. So, You know, you got your, you got Snoop, it's a few of 'em, right?


Snoop, fifth Samuel Jackson, Like a Morgan Freeman Morgan. You hear Morgan? Yeah. It is like, they don't have to say, Hey, this is Mor, you don't have, they don't have to say their name. And so, I don't know, 50 just got this. So I actually wrote everything he said, man. And he just killed it and sent it back and yeah. Your last name is Epps. You were telling me that he, Omar, which is a cousin of yours, helped you write your, your 20, your, your short, your short film. You related to Mike. Mike. I, I, I wanna say Mike is an s through marriage. Okay. If I'm not mistaken. Okay. Yeah. But most Epps are related.


Let's just say that. Yeah. I'm trying to figure out why do so many rappers come from the South side, thug, future Gunna, Lil Baby, Outkast, Jeezy, Gucci Mane, walk, Flocka, they, they, none of them from the south side. Where They from? Yeah, like, like Gucci from zone six. Future like Kirk Woods. See you talking about, so you talking about zone six, you talking about that, what's it first 48? They be no, yeah, stick carry, everything in zone. South Side would be like College Park or Clayton County. And so your south side artist would be Jermaine Dupree. Okay. Lotto. Right. Waka Flock or me, you can somewhat say outcast because they were from East Point. Right. So that's the south side.


But my, basically everybody else is from either the west side of Atlanta or East side. East West. I mean, did You know any of these, any of these artists when you were coming up? I've known Gucci a very long time. I've known Gucci a very, very long time. That's swear I can outta all those people. You went to North Clayton? Yeah. Monica and Sierra graduated. Yeah. Monica. Monica. Man. Monica, I went to school. We went to school during the same time. I'm not sure if Cece went there or not. Maybe she went there for a year or two or to Riverdale. She went to one of those schools. But I, I met Monica in high school. Right. I have known her for that long Tty boy.


How do you get that name? Tty Boy is a homegrown name that I got from basically just being the only child, A spoil brat. Somebody that's very close to their mom. I mean, my mom have a great relationship even to this day. Right. We talk every single day. She hangs out with me. I hang, we go to the game together. We, You know. Yeah. So people used to be like, ain't nothing but a titty boy. He be hanging, You know, nigga, because You know, that's where your like safety zone, the comfort zone for me was at early on. That's Boy first True love. Yeah. And so, and my mom, she like that too. She's kind of like, like, I love ya mom.


She borderline bully, so ain't nobody gonna mess with me or her. Right. You know what I mean? Right. So I'm just like used to just being a bun of her stuff. How, how was it being raised by a single mother? It's actually, it's like, it's cool. I don't think I would change it. I don't know how, I don't think I would change it because now I had to be the man of the house. Right. So I replaced. Now it's definitely some obstacles, but it forces you to grow up faster, mature faster, You know, play time, be over real quick. When you, when you the only, Only male house Male.


Yeah. Play time is over real quick. Like Did, is there a part of you that resent that? That you didn't really get to have a full childhood? Because like you said, you're the only man in the house and so you are expected to grow up a lot sooner than say had your dad been in a household, there's another dominant male figure in the picture. No, it's, no. When, when I was seven, I remember this very vividly. My older cousin, he threw away the toys. I had like threw away my toys. I was playing with like a Hulk Hogan wrestling just like, like Charlie, we not playing with no toys, You know what I'm saying? Threw 'em away. And I, I remember being crushed, like being hurt 'cause I'm the only child I'll be sitting up here having a whole, You got a whole conversation.


You got a whole story going on. I got A whole, this is a man, I'm in the middle of a ww this is a whole cage match. Yeah. You got a whole match going on. I don't even know what, and so, but when I look back, I appreciate the moments because I couldn't, I couldn't think like a kid or even, You know, I can act like a kid, but my, my, I I grew my, my mental or my, the way that I think mature way faster than my actual, my actual physical strength and all of that. I was mentally strong way before I was physically strong.


Right. But that was due to me having to do that. Right. And so they always say what don't, You know, kill you, make you stronger in this case right here. I, I appreciate it. I I, I wouldn't, I can't sit here and give you a story on me being close to dying or that I know of. You know what I'm saying? But I can tell you how much I just lived, You know what I'm saying? And I've lived being consciously a little bit more mature than say somebody else can just go around play, act like nothing is going on. Right. Like I had to way back learn how to do money orders or fill out certain things and, and know how to ask for menthol, Newport, whatever, menthols and all this old stuff.


And I ain't got no business. They don't even sell these stuff to kids. No. You know what I'm saying? But I'm going to the store. I gotta get all this stuff and I stockings. You remember when we used to wear stockings? Absolutely. I Do. I gotta go in the store, buy stockings. I gotta cross. You Got me the stocking cap we had, we done cut my grandma pay Hard. Yeah. We, I'm put, You know exactly what it is. I don't have to walk across Counter road. This is, this is the thing is busy just to go to a store, ask for cigarettes and stock is for her and all this old stuff. So, You know, I can't imagine like, why was he even doing this type of stuff at 11 or 12 years old? You know, You got arrested I think at 15, got arrested again at 17. Did you feel an obligation? Because like you said, you're the only, you're the male figure. You are only child and you wanted to do something to help your mom because you saw what your mom was going through.


Nobody knows what a person's going through except somebody that's really close to that person. And you saw your mom struggle. You saw your mom going through that. Is that why you kind of got into that life? Or was it something else that drew you to it?


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort. And good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool ru sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota, let's go places.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic. 'cause we came to play bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


So if I, If I lived in Hawaii, if I was born in Hawaii, I think I would know how to surf. Right. Because I adapt. If I was raised in Colorado or whatever, I would be good at skin. Right. But my family, my mom lived in these low socioeconomic spaces and they were traps. So I'm, I live in these traps. It is not like traps are really places people come there to buy drugs and leave. But it is like the zoo. They come to the zoo and leave. But I'm staying at the zoo all day. I'm, I'm here forever.


I'm like, and so I'm from the trap, so everybody around me does the same thing. It's kind of like neighborhoods and gangs and stuff like that. Like some people are just, it's really because they mom live here. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? My mom lives here, You know, it's always this special kid of somebody we don't want to expose to this lifestyle or whatever. But I wasn't that kid. Right. And this the, actually the 15-year-old, the, when I go to get in trouble when I'm 15, my mom knows I sell drugs. You know what I'm saying? My mom knows this. It's not even a secret. My, my mom used to do drugs, right. So it, it wasn't like a, a huge secret.


And that it was just this time my, my father was already incarcerated and my mom just had, I don't even know if this was a boyfriend or just a somebody who sold dope, but they came in our house after being chased by the police to try to come in the house and flush. It just kinda like made they way in our house. And I, I was asleep. I remember being on my little air mattress sleep. But what I used to do before I go to sleep was eat like Oreos and milk. It was like a routine, a little milk. And, and that night I had like, I don't know, 10 crack sacks and whatever. Right. And I put the crack sack in this napkin and I bought the napkin up and I put it in the red little cup that my milk was in.


And I sat it by my air mattress because honestly, at a early age, I had to be creative with where I put stuff because people would steal for me while I was asleep. Still money outta my pocket. I would put pants under my pillow and money still would be missing. So I would start having creative ways on just hiding stuff around. The police come in and eventually I'm, I'm kind of handcuffed in the hallway and eventually I kind of see somebody kick that cup over. And when they kick that couple over, I see the sacks come out. Now the sacks, all this happens in my room. So they take my mom to jail with this dude.


They let me call somebody like a cousin to come get me. I leave. And when I come back, some people in the neighborhood, because the house has been busted, people had ran in the neighborhood and just start going through my stuff. Yeah. Going through my mom, our apartment. So, and the door off the hand just so my friend lets me move like live with him for a while. He stay in the apartments as well. And so while I'm living with him, I'm going to school. He don't go to school as much as me, but I'm going, You know, as often as I can, I'm going. And I think that they tried to serve me a warrant for that stuff, that cocaine and crack being mine. And I was nowhere around to be.


So they had to come to my school and get me. So that's how that, that particular incident happened. But my mom was fully aware of, of what I had going on. Did she ever say, Hey son, stop that you going, did you, did your mom ever try To No, no, no, no. It is deeper than it is so deep. It's crazy. You say association, bring on simulation. Yeah, it is deep. Ah, so they take you to juvie, right? How long you in juvie? Like a week and a half. But I didn't know, like they had, as You know, I'm like playing basketball.


So I got people coming up there that I guess it's, it is Clayton County, so people know people. So I guess people are in areas where they can see me and I can't see them. People are checking up on me. But, but like the first two or three days I was super to myself, didn't want to even really shower, but then I got sprayed with whatever they spray you with. So I had to like, take the initial shower, like after that. Yeah. They got, they spray you down, make sure you ain't got no bugs, no license. No. So after they sprayed infestation, after they sprayed, when they was really like, Shay, they was telling me, SHA you gonna have to take a, You know, you gonna have to get that stuff off you. So after I did that, the next couple times I just kind of stayed in my room and then, then they played basketball.


So I said, oh man. I said, I'm, I'm, You know, I got, everybody got on the same shoes, whatever. So that's what got me through that little extra little week or whatever was basketball. And then I don't know how they figured it out. Somebody caught a pointed, somebody looked out for me and I remember my name being called and oh well is this the first time? Yeah, because one of these times. One of these times. Alright. So I, either that time I, I got called and they released me. But maybe the next time I got locked up, which was in high school again, right. Weed, they called my name. And I remember just talking so much shit to the, to my cellies and everybody else or whatever.


And I gave 'em my store. And then when I walked out, they put me in maximum. And that's where like real people do real stuff. Yeah. And I said, God has punished me from break. I said, I don't supposed to be in here. Right. They said, man, put on this red suit I had on an orange suit. They told me, put on this red suit and I done just damn near. Not, not boop, I done damn near did everything leaving out this cell. And for some reason, I don't know what happened paperwork wise, but they got me in here next to somebody who done swallowed a razor blade and tried to go to the hospital and escape. This person is a serial rapist. The cell is maximum, it has the electric doors when they close open. But it is, it is, it is too many people in there.


So you got people sleeping outside of it. And it was just like, that experience was even kinda a little bit more nerve wracking than the, than when I went to juvie or whatever. Just because of the maximum. I could still hear the maximum doors and then it's just a bunch of, and I telling stories or whatever. But that was like my and I, I've been in, when I became a rapper, I got in way more trouble than I got in back then. It felt like I was targeted. But back then it was almost like the situations I, I went through, I, I wouldn't even be right here now next to you if I didn't go through 'em. But when I was currently in that, in that position, I thought my word was going to end. Right. I thought my word with the jewelry thing, I, it was the most, I was the most shame. I was so ashamed when I got locked in my 12th grade year, I had scholarships to many different schools to play basketball.


And I actually missed SAT just, just, just my mama. Mama told me don't even take all this weed to school. You know what I'm saying? And it's not even a lot of weed at this time. It's like some K nicks, it's a hundred worth of K nicks or something crazy. So it's not even a lot of weed. But I get, I get caught with it and that puts a blend issues. I lose scholarships, I lose people. So it make you feel like your life going to end. But then I end up going to somewhere else where I meet these different people and the love of my life and some other things. Right. And it just worked out differently. So I tell anybody who, which I have told some of my like little play nephews that, that have grown up, that has got into some trouble right now.


I tell 'em, just to live long enough, man, anything. Have you lived long enough? You know, stay out the prison, stay, stay out the graveyard, man. Man, this stuff can turn around and you can just, this just can be a part of your story now because I, At the end of your Story Yeah. I can just tell it so freely now. Like boom, I'm, and I, it might sound cool, I'm not trying to make it sound, it's not cool at all. Right. But I actually experienced it. I I had to tell my kids this like, You know, I went to juvie 15 while you doing all this. Right. It like, I really like, so just to, just to express that, I just feel like sometimes we go through stuff and it just, it really do make us a, a better person because now I'm not interested in none of that type of lifestyle.


You know, in the, in the hood getting shot, shooting somebody, going to jail, any of that is a part of puberty. It's like a part of adolescent. You fully don't even develop or grow up unless something like that has happened. Like, man, you ain't been shot, you ain't shot nobody, you ain't never even been to jail. It's like one of those right things. It's like, I don't know if you really been through this. So that part, Even through all that, you get an opportunity. You get a scholarship. Yeah. You start off going to a SU Alabama state. Yeah. Right. What happened at Alabama State? Alabama state was tricky. So they called me, man, super vulnerable. And I, but I'm happy they did, man. They called me after they heard this is pre social media.


So the schools just recruited me. Don't know I got locked up in school. Mm. So I'm literally damn there. Like, like somebody asked me in a letter, 'cause I'm getting these letters every week, You know, after practice when you good the coach, I'm sure you use them. Yeah. But it's two, three players to get like these little Yeah. Letters from, from people that's interested in 'em. Right. You know what I'm saying? It's me and my, we getting these letters and, and I wish I had these letters now, but, but one of the letters was asking me how, how you Think you did on the SAT, You know. And I started being like, damn, this crazy, You know, I'm a little ashamed.


I done got caught with weed in school. Right. You know, and the Alabama state they call, I talked to 'em on the phone. They say we heard what happened, You know, man, we looking for a big guard. You know, we two hours from Atlanta, it was already some people from my school that was down there. So it made my transition a little easier. And when I go down, when I go down there to play, they get fired. The coaches that was showing me so much interest, just telling me everything, what they was going to promise me, You know, a little weight program to put a little, little, little something on me and they gets fired before anything, before I even ever, I never even ran a practice with these guys.


Right. And here comes a coach and his own four players. And I remember, I remember him walking in to my left. I remember him walking in and four other tall, You know, looked like hoopers. And from that point on, I ain't care about basketball no more. Really Didn't care about this. You lost interests that Quick. Because he came in, it is this whole energy change. When he came in, he already had his mindset on he wouldn't have brought these players if people weren't going to use them. And so that just, You know, it just took, it just discouraged me for so many reasons because I've been playing basketball since I was seven years old.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Here I am playing here I am in my mind. I don't even supposed to be at this school. Right. And now you telling me or whatever, showing me, I ain't finna play off man. I just, just did not mess with it. You know what I mean? So commence the trapping, commence the going up and down the road. But you Leave there and go to VSU, you go to Virginia State? No, I go to ts U-T-S-U-I mean nah, I'm sorry. Tuskegee. Tuske. Tke. Everybody that I went to Tuskegee, which is 30 minutes up the road. Right. So here it is Atlanta dude in Alabama. Right. You can imagine like the ego or the mentality that I have. Yeah. And I was taught a few lessons in Alabama, like, You know, they ain't in to play with. I was taught a few lessons.


So I have a party at a club and, and I got on this, this is when Parkway, the Silk Versace. Yeah. Yeah. They like four 50. Yep. I got me one. I got on, I got on some, I'm, I'm, I'm like, I'm sharp Shannon. Yeah. The club ain't got nothing but Andre Lucker. That's called Andre. I think it's about out of $20. Yeah. But I'm from Atlanta and I, You know, I've been to one 12 a couple times and I, these people, they have ballers in the club. So I'm just, I'm gonna represent the Atlanta culture down here. Alabama, man, before, You know, that's a huge fight that breaks out in the club. Oh. And when the fight breaks out, a young lady gets her eye damaged.


Severely into my up, Brought a new sight in it Almost, You know, and everybody just started pointing the finger at me. I said, my party. And he this Versa shirt, that's all I'm hearing. Versa shirt, meac shirt me. So I do like anybody who got sense, I'm getting outta here. I ain't sticking around. Right. So I immediately, I immediately, bro, I just went to a whole nother school. Soon as I started here, it probably took two weeks. I go to a whole nother school because I got, I got a couple homeboys at this other school. It's 30 minutes. They been coming down here kicking it with me. So I got a homeboy that play on their team. And, and, and Tuskegee was D two, but they still was good.


Alabama state was D one, but they was really like, still 30 minutes. So I go down to this school and it was very, very interesting because my degree was something in computer or a program or something like that. So when I go to Tuskegee, I ended up changing my major to psychology because the actual teacher was my, my grandfather's sister. So my great aunt. So it was just interesting to meet her. And she already knew so much information about me. I figured she was gonna let me cheat, which she never did. And I ended up taking that and, and graduating from that. But I ended up leaving Tuskegee going back to Alabama state. When you ready. Okay. You meet your wife. I think the question that you probably get asked a lot, and correct me if I'm wrong, is that they're like, change bro.


How you stay married. How you stay committed all the time when you have all this around you at your fingertips and you go home to the mother of your three. How All the time I've seen, I've seen what it, I've seen what it, I've seen what it looked like. You know what I'm saying? I've seen what outside look like. I've seen all the perspectives, You know what I'm saying? But it's just something about having that stability and that loyalty. I mean really that real loyalty, that real love. Yeah. You can't really just find that everywhere. Especially when you become a certain, when you get to a certain level, you don't know how real affects Yeah.


It's easy. It's easy. Everybody. Oh, chain. Ooh, I love chain. Ooh, he look good. Do you see way it is easy to say that now, but when I wasn't too Chainz Yeah. When y'all was calling me by my government name. Yeah. It's, I think that's just, You know, even working in a, in a, or owning a strip club, even in this space right here, I already, I already knew that, You know, people were probably just assuming that I was going to just Yeah. You know, throw it all away. Yeah. You know, and I just couldn't wait to prove people, You know, wrong. You know what I'm saying? And girls walk around me naked all the time. Now I don't know if that's done something to my libido. 'cause a girl walking here naked. Nah, I just, it just, she just would be naked.


It won't even, like, it should just be a naked girl. You know, she Be naked. Hey, you might need to get on them roast bark like your boy. Yeah. They roast, bark. No, no, no, no. Everything still worked real good on me. Oh, okay, okay. No, no. Let's, let's we do. No, everything works really good on me. Really, really good, huh? Yeah. You know, pause, everything works good. But that, that just doesn't Interest you. I'm just saying it is any given day, it's 30 or 40, 50 naked women in here. Yeah. I ain't walking around with no bon in here by seeing no 40, 50 women because I see it. So I just see it every day. Oh You know what I, you on your root Whatever that rose spark.


Yeah. Rose spark, whatever you taking, Arguing the times of 20 days You gonna be around here looking at stabbing folks all, excuse me, stabbing folk. Trying to get to the, I gotta go to the bottom. They come on now. I got control over Deebo. Yeah. I got control. Man. You proposed that to your wife. Did You know you was gonna propose? 'cause you proposed that the Met Gala, correct? Oh man, I had to. Man that was big man. I went, that's, You know, sometimes you gotta do something where they can go back and I, it is historic. They can go back and Yeah. Were you nervous? No. So this is what happened, man. I get there, I get invited by Versace. 'cause I'm doing a collaboration with Versace and my homie Solei.


We go, they let us go to Versace to, on Fifth Avenue in New York. We get all type of shit. You know what I'm saying? They got custom. They got a lady that done flew over to do Keisha makeup from, from all this, just everything, You know. So I had already planned. I said, man, this would be dope. Everybody see it, You know what I'm saying? Be play. I be throwing my little player card, whatever. We just be like, You know, put it up man. Listen, we get there all kind of stuff. Try to prevent me from doing it. Right. Get there, wait up the line. It is just all type of stuff. So man, I get, I'm thinking a couple times, man, I got it right here in my pocket.


I'm thinking, man, I just keep thinking. I said, man, I'm going to do this man. I wanna do it on the, so it takes so long to get there. At this point it seems like it's just never gonna happen. So I get there, we get on, when I finally get there, we get on the steps and You know, Keisha, she look around. I said, so I go in there and then, but it won't come out. So I said, what does this mean? You know, like, because I don't want her to see me doing this. I want already have it out. You know what I'm saying? So I get to pulling, I get to pulling it and I, it comes on out. And so I get on a knee and then Keisha turn around, look at me and said, baby, you all right?


She like you. Okay. She think I, I just fell or something because she just didn't expect it. So I think it was cool for it to be a surprise on, on such a huge stage. Right. But you ever polled before at the BET? It wasn't 2013, Right? No, we just went out. Okay then. And people thought it was like, they're like me and Keisha, we look good together and stuff. Right. And pictures and every time we would step out. And then she was somebody that I was calling my wife before we even had. Right. You know, before We even, well, You know, you had to be there 'cause you make that presentation. The court say, okay, that what you've been saying. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I had been saying it. You know how you Oh yeah. That's the why You Yeah, your why, You know how you just say that like this, you just, I mean, You know.


And for a long time I felt like she deserved a wedding. She deserved the wedding, she deserved all that. But for the most part, I was treating her like a wife. Yeah. It's a, you have star sturdy wedding. Kim and Kanye, Lil Wayne, Alicia Keys, sw beat Gucci Mane, Monica attendance. The, at the Versace wedding. At the Versace mansion in Miami. Is that what you had to Yeah, I'm trying to think. Monica came, I don't man my mind It was a blur. You don't remember? You was just so focused on making sure. I'm trying, I'm trying to think, I'm trying to think that. I don't think Alicia came or SW came, but everybody else came. All those other names came. But it was nice, man. I had a, the thing about that wasn't one wasn't so much the celebrities that came out. It was the people that I was able to show something.


Like my uncle I was telling you about who had all the necklaces that's no longer here. He was there. Keisha Grandmama was there. Like, it was people that hadn't been to Miami Beach hadn't been to Versa. I got the, I I got the mansion in the hotel next to it. I rent the whole hotel for everybody. Go. Yeah. So it's just the situation that we this close, You know what I'm saying? And it's unlimited food and liquor. So I, I like to show people a good time. Right. Like in the space. I don't know about you, but I like to show people like, You know, I, I love like, I like to show 'em a good time. Yeah. I like to show 'em a good time To They'll bring their ass back. Yeah. I show 'em a bad time to Nah. I show people a good time and it just be like, I had a good time. It might be a one off thing like, man, You know, I had to put my mom on the jet.


You know what, I'm keep jumping on Jet. Let me put my mom on the jet. You know, it's just certain things I like, just want to offer to people that I love. Right. So we all made mistakes. Right. But on it up to them, it's the right thing to do. But we all know


degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and did, did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and od protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does. 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool Chris and Fresh it's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush For yourself.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota, let's go places.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic because we came to play Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort, The kids aspect.


You mentioned that you are the only child raised by a single parent. It almost seems like you did the totally opposite with like you wanted to be, you felt you needed to be around for your kids. That what you went through, your kids would never experience what you went through. Absolutely. I had to, I had to sell drugs. I actually started selling drugs at 12, but they was just Nicks, but it was for my mom and her boyfriend. Right. And You know, it was almost like they gave me a little something to keep, You know, like it was 40, $50. But I never have to even go through that with, with Halo having a harmony.


Like I don't have to tell them that. Now, granted, when I'm trying to teach them a lesson, sometime I may have a flashback and tell 'em, yo, I'm I love you. Right? Like, this is the reason. Like, You know what I'm saying? I didn't have this, this wasn't around. I had to learn the hard way or whatever. But yeah, me, me growing up with one, not in the household necessarily, not my father anyway. Right. It, it made me want to like be around and also like, You know, I got the money, so, but I just gotta try to like, offer certain experiences too. Like they could remember like certain trips or certain Right. I don't know, games or whatever I do. I mean, You know, I you'll never get it a hundred percent right. Right. But I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm trying.


Damon Williams told me the best thing his dad did was come home. How do you balance, how do you balance change? Because you not having, having to do what you did, but, and it got you here to make sure you're like, okay, I wanna give my kids enough, but not give them too much. Because, You know, tough times create tough men. Tough men create easy times. Mm. Easy times. Create weak kids. Wow. Weak kids create hard times. It's a cycle. How does chain who didn't have a lot, but You know, your mother loved you.


How do you impart, instill Im the wisdom. Partake the wisdom that you learn to make sure your kids appreciate what you're doing, but not take it for granted. That's a good one. I might have to ask AI that Because You know what, what do we always say? Change. I don't want my kids to go through none of what I went through. But think about what it made you. I I don't, man, listen man, I literally, and this is a inside joke with me and my wife. I literally got a song that I play in my head to take cold showers. And it's like a joke.


Like if like we go somewhere in the water, ain't just should be like, what you, it it is ambitious of a ride about Tupac. I play that in my head, but I get in the shower, just take a, a cold man. I've been wired to do something because like, I ain't have no hot water. Or we had to turn the water off from six to six and then take the same little tea thing and turn it back on. Or even stealing lights, stuff that I, they would never know about. Like, it just, it just wouldn't even happen. You know what I'm saying? But like, even still or borrowing lights. Right. Not even stealing them. Going to your neighbor getting an extension cord from their house all the way to your house. And you see this big old cord going through your big old orange, two, three orange cords connected going to your house.


Like, man, it's just unbelievable that, that I, You know, it's just good to be on the other side of that. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? You blew up at 35. What do you, what, what do you tell people that feel like it's too late for them? 'cause a lot of time people don't feel like they make it by 21, 22. Like, oh, it's over for me. But here you are, have success later. I mean, it's not, it's not like you were 50, but I'm saying it's a lot, a lot of people have success a little early, especially in this game. But you had success at 35. What do you tell people that said, man, it's, and just not in music, but in anything. 'cause a lot of times people don't feel like they're successful early on. There's no chance for them to be successful later. It may be too late Paul, if that's, if that's what they believe.


Okay. That's their thought process. Okay. If that's what they believe. Right. Yeah. But if you confident like me, you might put out a number one record any time. Like I'm trying to be upwards of a hundred million for us all over. I'm nowhere near content Right. With my space or, or nothing I'm doing. So it's about the person. And I also feel that, You know, You know, the person knows. Like, let let me ask you this, did You know you was going to the NFL? Yeah. Every time I ask somebody that's they, and it is crazy that it, it is like, ma you didn't know it was, but but did you It is something about, Yeah, I didn't have no plan. I didn't have no plan B, I didn't have no plan C.


That was it. Everything. I had a tunnel vision. I didn't see anything but c myself in the NFL and getting my grandmother out of that a thousand square foot cinder block home. That was the Only thing you just, I'm telling you, man. So people in positions like us, if it's like, I would like to tell somebody that that's like, man, like having that little wonder, you will know. Yeah. You, you can't trick yourself. You'll know. Yep. Now for me, I didn't know when, but I just knew, bro, I could just change the climate of a room. I knew my personality. I knew I wasn't no lame. I knew I'm from Atlanta. I knew how to dress, I knew I was popping. I knew I really hustled.


I knew I really hooped. I knew I really just was well known. So I just, it just was just, I was just waiting on the dots to connect. Right. Lemme ask you there, basketball, when you was growing up, obviously frame who, who, who, who, what are some of the players that you like? That you like? Man, I really like his game. I, okay. I kind of model my game after that. My game, I, I'm a Tall guard. Well, not even anymore. Like I'm probably a short, I'm six five. Right. So right now, according to the league, I might be a, a short guard right now, but when I was playing I was like labeled as a tall guard.


So I would like watch more, You know, tall guard stuff. Whether it was somebody like a penny, pip, PIP Penny was my number one player. I got recruited by Memphis. Okay. Yeah. So that was one of the places I thought I was gonna play to like live out his, You know, footsteps or that type of stuff like that. But Penny was like my number one player. I like, I like everything about, about Penny. There've been some great rappers that that hoop. And so I'm gonna let, okay. You got Cole Drake, P Master P Damon Gillard. Who is Gil the kid? Chris Brown. Quavo. Lil Dirk Game.


Nelly. I think Dave Beef can play Too. Dave East can hoop French. Montana can hoop. Yeah. That's a lot of people that can hoop. Man. I, I like that. 'cause I kind of can tell you your child, You know what I'm saying about how you shoot, I can kind of tell your childhood. And I like, I like, I like that. I like that people was outside playing ball. You know what I'm saying? We was growing up or whatever. So yeah man. I'm trying to figure out how you and Lil Baby lost to Quavo and Jack Harlow Quavo and Jack Har. Oh, I know how we lost to them. Lil baby. Nah, I just, it just, it just, it wasn't a day. That wasn't a day. Right. You supposed to dominate that game by yourself. I should have.


I should have. But he, maybe next time Give me your top five basketball players of all time Chainz top five that don't have to be the best, but who are your top five? Jordan, Kobe, LeBron. I throw Shaq in there and if I wanna win all the games, I'm gonna have to put step enough. Nice little list. That's a nice little list.


You got a few old, you didn't go too far back. I see, I See. I've been living alone. I can do, I can do the whole, I could do arrows, I can do the Jordan era, I could do the Kobe era and I can do the LeBron era. Right. You know, they always arguing. Right. But none of, You know what I mean? So I can really do one from each era. Right. But If I just had to combine 'em, them three would definitely be on the team. And then I'll fill in the blanks. Who's your goat? Who's your basketball goat? Man, I just, man, I just love that Kobe guy man. Because you got a tattoo with Kobe? I don't got no, oh yes sir. I got the number. 24 years. Yeah. 24. Yeah. How you be knowing every damn thing. Yeah, I do man. But I think everybody went and got Maba this Yeah. Maba that when he passed away, because it was just so out the blue.


And I had just saw him New Year's. I had just saw him bringing in New Year's and I just shot him at dm Like Christmas day? Yeah. Just DMing going back and forth. Yeah. I think Vanessa had just had a, had a, had the fourth girl. Okay. And I was like, bro, I know you trying, but bro, you just can't get no little, you can't just get little mamba. And he say, Hey, these little mamba cedars I got, I got mine. He was talking about the, the one that passed away with him. He said, that's my, that's my son. Yeah. Yeah. Because she was like that. Yeah. And so, so I met, I met, oh, I met Jordan once or twice. He, he was really nice. He was cool. I met Kobe many a times. We had conversations about basketball and it somewhat seemed like he might have respected my iq.


And then LeBron and I are good friends. Yeah. Real great friends. Yeah. Because He, LeBron was they on one your record right? Yeah, man, me and him have hung out with my kids has been to his house and all of that. My, our wives have has hung out before and all that. So Yeah. So help me understand this, because there's been a lot of conversation. Bronny getting drafted. They make it seem like Brony went top five, either 55th pick in the draft. They only got, they only got 60 spots. Mm. In they been, so you go the first two rounds, you only got first two rounds. Right. So he went 55. There only five players that were 56, 57 50 and 59 6. So only five players went after him. They make it seem like he top five.


There's been a lot of criticism about all. Man, he wouldn't even be in the league if it wasn't for his daddy. Yo, your fourth. So what's he supposed to do? I mean, if you're in a position to help your kids or isn't that what you should do? Change, You know that, You know, that's how You know that it, I'm gonna show you what an nepotism look like when mine get old. Show you you have, you can't get there on you. Come here brother. Yeah. Hey man, look out. I'll be back. Right. Dropping him off now I'll figure out. But it's just like that's, he did nothing wrong. And then actually you're seeing a whole nother side when Bronny been playing in the G league and just the, the, the culmination of just what this season done.


He just, man, he just, he's a different player already. And that's what happens. It's like when kids play up. Right. You know what I'm saying? When kids play up, They get better. They Get better. Man you ain't got no choice. You get stronger, you do all type of stuff and you don't even know your body can do this type of stuff. Man. It's just Interesting. That's how it was with me. Change, You know, my brother's three years older and then my next youngest, my next youngest cousin is five years and it went six years and then it went seven years. So I'm playing against guys three to five to six to seven years older than me. Damn. I ain't got no choice but to get better. Oh. And get tough. And get tough. Oh yeah. Yeah. They knock your ass down. They didn't care. You had to be tough playing against them. 'cause they, man, and, and this is what I know now from my son playing about, it's a difference between 7, 8, 9, and 10-year-old.


Like body difference. Yeah. Before How they move coordination, You know, footwork and everything. So yeah. You mentioned the cyber truck earlier and people like, man I don't want no cyber truck, Eli, Musk, y yada yada y you like, man I love my cyber truck, Man. I just leave. I leave here on Friday night man. I get me a order of fries. Yeah. I get in my truck, I put it on autonomous and I just let it take me home while I eat fries. And I tell myself this ain't drinking and driving Right.


I ain't doing nothing man. I'm eating some fries. This is eating fries and, and that's it. And the car, it's going to just going to hit this blinker. Yeah. It's going to stop, it's going To do all that. It Is so smart. It's like, it is like me. It's like whoever run Apple do something and then now they like, you gonna keep that Apple phone. Like get out my line with that. Get out my line with that. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Keep yeah. Yeah. I'm keeping it. You crazy. Hell yeah. I'm keeping it and driving it and so, yeah. So You know, with that being said, I ain't here to sell no product 'cause I ain't getting no money. I had to pay for mine.


But at the end of the day it's, it's one of my convenient. And we talked about convenient. Yeah. Is it's, it's convenient for me. You got anything you wanna promote? You got anything you wanna sell? We talked about Red Clay, we talked about everything. Yeah, I got some stuff for you. What you got? I got some stuff for you. Before I go, let me do, let me give you, let me give you some product for you before you get outta here. We have, we have had a, all right. All right. First of all, this is some hall of Fame. Like I be seeing you now. Yeah. Because you don't like to cuss. You be you be like ish. Yeah. This, This, this is, this is some hall of Fame ish right here. Okay. This some Hall of Fame ish. It looking good. I They love, they they they, they going crazy about these these the Candyland Letterman jacket.


That's for you. That's for you Shannon. I'm take this. Yeah, that's, that's the new hall of Fame ish. Man. We Standing on be sing. Yeah, Yeah. Look it. Look at this. Yeah. Dollars float at candy. They float, they be floating And look at this gravity tea. Ooh, that's nice. I appreciate That. Thank you man. Appreciate that. Temperature supposed to drop later on. You might have to. And then this right here. Oh man, this right here. This real merch can of lamb merch. A couple t-shirts and I think we got a bottle of Halo cologne in there. Okay. Halo has sold 1000 bottles of cologne already.


Dang. Called Halo by Halo. And you can go to me and halo.com to purchase it. But the man doing so good with the we we having a few meetings about taking up another level. Really? And yeah, you just, I'm telling you man, the man can sell. I'm talking about he got that from his daddy. Huh? Wow. That is true. Huh? That's the cologne halo By ha. Yeah. Try see what it smell like right there because see we sell it in the club too. We sell it here. Candle land. Damn. Yeah, the house mom and the dancers and all that. Got some of this stuff around Christmas. Greg Gram McGill. See he watching You think he's something? Yeah. Yeah. He ain't know. Okay. Yeah. See that's a real, see I know he thought going, nah, I thought he gonna have like some like smell like a little kid.


No, no. Grown up stuff. Right. The grownups around here squirting that on them. Moog. Yeah. Trying. He hit upside My head. Yeah. Yeah. I preach a two Chainz All my life and grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice, got the roll of dice and swat all my life. I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of dice, the swat. All my life I've been grinding all my life.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get Everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


In honor of military appreciation month. Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade-in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase. 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months plus $800. Trade in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% a PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in and additional terms apply.


You're listening to an iHeart podcast.