
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of With Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL Quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. All right man. We back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wells. Same game with me to my left. I got my dog Bishop. Be here out the Pearl Leagues. How you what? Nasty. What's happening? Nasty, fresh off the party. We pieing late night tonight. It's damn near midnight. Come on baby. Going down. Dedicated fresh out Hendricks experience. Hey you see the I'm up that great. Do what? I no, you shout out to my nigga on class. I No, you Yes. It's going down today. No, normally, you know what I'm saying. I peep, I peep out Nacho feed but Nacho, you ain't see my mans with the, you know what I'm saying? The new decorations, huh? Yeah. I, I seen this chain. I was in the spy I I said five 20 hit is a real thing.


Oh yeah. I seen the ice. Rose. Rose Goldie do it for the brand. Respect, respect, respect. Shout out to The Volume. Listen, I said respect. Oh God. We doing our thing over. I'm coming Cuba league. I nigga got the real merch nigga I'm coming. I'll come Cuba league. I can't wait to ride away before, gimme a couple months. Can't wait to ride away before Cuba League this weekend it's going down. Oh he here this weekend? Yes sir. I gotta, I gotta, oh hold on. What day here? Thursday. Oh, I'm going, oh yeah, we gotta play for that. Shout out to my nigga Jordan. I'm going, we gotta play. We in and I'm going to wrestle Royal Rumble. I'm there. Yeah, we in the RO too. We, we kicking the global For sure.


For sure. We still to my right, my dog Young Nacho Young Tea. How you what? I just left the Hendrick experience and I'm off that gray. No, I'm Cap. You're not off that. I had a good time man. He always showed love. It's a good time man. It is a special moment for the city though. So what you doing for the city? 'cause we don't get events. You know it's Indianapolis, it's cold, we don't got a bunch of stuff going on. So what you do for the city is dope. And then you came with a new chain. So game, the vibes is different. The vibe is real. The vibe. Everybody that came to the Hendricks experience, we will be running that bitch back February 23rd. Come on coach. Hey shout to my culture family man. They helped me down with a special play. But why you bring the new chain though?


Oh, he had it set the tone. New year, new chain. You know the first one, it came on the new year. Okay. You know what I mean? So you had the debut? Yeah, it just came on the new year y'all. So I'm fuck with it. Shout to the jeweler. You know what I mean? We've been having this in the T for a while. Oh. Took about like, nah, about three or four months to make. So we here now. How you know what's crazy on the way here to work. You know what I'm saying? If you would've went to China where I'd be going, it would've been there for a week. The Tim chain, please don't rob me. This is coming from Clance, same day shipping. I just drinking fucking water with a top on it. Eh? It they gave me a pouch. Water. Hey, shout salt the game.


You know what I'm saying? They send the water through for the love. That shit is good though. Yes sir. Motherfucker can preach some but it's going crazy man. For sure. Hey, I see you brought the bread out before they, you know what I'm saying, the hype again. Yeah. I, these, these some old bread I had. I I'm looking forward to the 80 fives. I ain't gonna lie. Yeah boys, I know they gonna cost two 50 or whatever it is. The amount I definitely tapped in I want 'em. So if anybody got 'em for the resale, I wanna fuck with retail. I don't need the resale. I need retail. So if you got 'em for retail, we all want 'em. Let know tap in, hit the, hit the link, hit the Lincoln in our bio. Everybody want 'em. They still need the Dion's. I got 'em. Oh I got, I got 'em.


I'm great. Oh you got 'em Trying to flex on dig. I got 'em. I got them. You trying to flex on digs. I got Deion. Anybody else need 'em? Make sure y'all hit the I got two. Yeah, I gonna say I too, too all but reach respect. Yeah. Y'all went crazy. Y'all getting the black and gold one that come out. Have you seen them to all black leathers need them? Them bitches tough. They Oh respect they're, yeah, but they, we, well I guess we all tapped in on the Deion. But if y'all got any, I know my guy from Goat Hat hit me. Mm. Okay. I ain't write you back but I'm gonna write you back 'cause gonna tap in and try to get some extra. Come on. Go tap in. We need that play for sure. Listen, we told we just left the hit your experience. But the damn show didn't leave us be here. What we got for 'em tonight? Who got the bottle?


Girls today got ooh, shout to Barbie man. It's her birthday. She didn't show up to work. Shout out to Barbie. Wow. What the fuck? Fuck going up. Oh my god. Sexy to get, get it sexy girl. Know that ass. Jesus is on the main line. This is what he want. God damnit appreciate y'all. It's a, it's a party where you come to Flood Club five 20 Always. It's a club for goddamn reason. Shout out to the our our five 20 bartenders.


Come on too. Damn God Damnit to black business. We pay black people. We appreciate y'all. Whoa. We get they making drinks. Are we up? Shout out to Barb. Hey Barb. Where you out know it's your birthday. We turn up for you Barbie turn up. Yeah man Don Barbie come through Till will be drinking bitch. She, you know what I'm saying? PTO day for the birthday we gonna stall her out. Oh she heavy handed. It's gonna be a hell of a pod. Just sip. Oh just sip. Just sip. That's the name of this drink is just Sip. Yeah, just we passed this like communion. Okay. This motherfucker ain't got no juice. All we lit today. Turn me up. This might be you Nacho. That's me. That might be you my boy. Damn y ain't, Y ain't bring no what you want.


I say damn I got for, oh that's for, I try hit that ban. Where that that I need that. I need my nigga need some relief tonight. I need that. I need that. Hit me with the Yes sir. Oh yeah yo. Okay cool. For sure. Appreciate you. Appreciate you love. Appreciate we let one time for the Hendricks experience that if y'all go to the Hendrick experiences y'all see.


Appreciate y'all ladies. Thank you ladies. One time for my brother hen man like we say you don't get your flas for what you do for the city. Man. Niggas complain in this city about what they do. My nigga do this every month for y'all man. Salute my boy for nah. I appreciate that bro. For sure. What happened this week? Hey we've been out the pod for a minute. We have what, three or four days off? Yeah, but we never had a break. I just seen motherfucking they ass kicked by the Eagles. Hey got clap today. Eagles going back to the Super Bowl. Man that was a good dub though. Hell of a dub. That was a good dub hell of a dub. Listen I gotta put my equals head aside man. Salutes and them get back to the Super Bowl. Man. Them getting sequan bark in the off season is crazy. Smoke. Mm mm And listen we, we clown, not clown but you know what I'm saying, we criticize Sequan for not going to get that Russian title but look like he about to get a Super Bowl MVP right now.


Yeah man he balling like what he had three tugs. Come on bro. Three tugs and they lead him to the championship bro. Saquon is something different. Saquon having one of the best runner back seasons of all time the Chiefs won. Right, of course. Yeah. So Chiefs first Eagles Super Bowl. That's a fire Super Bowl. Hey shout out to everybody on Twitter. Who called me stupid dumb, all that shit when I said I really had Pat Mahomes over Josh Allen what happened today? Don't ever get it fucked up. The shout out to Jay Daniels too. He had a great, he did what he was supposed to do. His team sold on him today but he, he spoke early on him trying to compare him to you know, the top quarterbacks in the league.


Which I get but you know what I mean? That was a good humble, he probably had the best rookie season of a rookie quarterback ever. Hell yeah bro. He got to the conference wise. The only thing I hate about that 'cause now he gotta try to redo it again. You know you had your rookie, you had your sophomore slumps and all that, whatever. So I'm, I'm excited to see what he do his second year but he had a hell of a first year and we going to champion that. We gonna have a good time with it. But also let's champion Pat Mahomes bro. What he is doing is crazy. The real champion and they going for a threepeat. And in football it's, it's a lot tougher than basketball. You can keep, you know people locked in a four year contracts in football you can voice your contract at any moment.


You know what I mean? So it's a lot different for them to be able to be in a ch like in a chance to have a three-peat. It's way different than basketball. You can't void your contract in basketball. You can't just be like, yeah I'm done in football. You can be like hey I want to redo my contract. Or the team can be like, like yeah we ain't fucking with you. You done. I think the pressure was lighter for him though because he went out not early but like right now if he would've went to the championship then it'd have been different. Who treated? Yeah he would've got treated like Jason tied up I believe. I mean it's still pressure though. He made to the what? Basically the conference finals. You did the conference? Yeah. Yeah. You made it to the conference finals in the NBA.


It's kind of like tough bro. Like if you next year, if y'all don't make the playoffs it's like damn. But I mean in respect to the, to the commanders like but what they been, they ain't been shit he they over they overachieve. Yeah he could wild off for the next two years And he good money. Yeah they really overachieve like they not supposed to be where they was at and but if he don't get back to that for the next three or four years we gonna say it was a let down. Right. Yeah I oh yeah I agree. I just hope that he kills enough where he get that contract. 'cause you like we talked about oh he gonna get back. It's always what you do for No no nah. He gonna get paid. Hopefully you three and four my boy go crazy. He get paycheck. Nah get paid. He gonna get paid. Yeah that ain't a, he gonna get paid off this year. It don't matter. He gonna get paid for sure.


He like loved in that city forever. Like it's like Jalen Brunson with the Knicks. Yeah he loved bro he gonna get paid and it's crazy 'cause RG three didn't get the same love as Jayden again. Right now they ain't do that. They didn't also, his coach was hat on him too 'cause he wanted, you know what I'm saying? Kurt coach to play but he ain't do that for sure. Also injuries played into that too. 'cause Robert Bru rookie was Elite. Yeah but not that. Nah it ain't that. It's different like that. It ain't that he was elite though. But it ain't that. That's a fact. And I ain't gonna even say Elite, he was good. Nah, it's Elite bro. This is Elite. What he doing is Elite Robert Griffin. He was good. Oh before that, before that injury bro. Robert Griffin was fucking shut up that first year. I agree. Nah, I'm saying just where he got the point where he got to like Robert Griffin didn't get a chance to get to where nigga he made it conference.


He was a win away from the Super Bowl. And you know what, normally I don't like niggas bullying but I'm happy we bull Robert Griffin too 'cause remember he had that fucked up haircut. Niggas on tour got his ass, he got a real fade. He started talking different for real works. I, I wasn't to a certain extent in that case it was perfect. I was like I'm tapping, I wasn't tapping in. Shout out to RG three man. Shout to RG three man. For sure. Alright. Who gonna win it man? Pat three Peak or Eagle Sound. I told y'all man I want the Eagles to win. I want the Eagles to win too. I just won't say Quantum win just because New York let go. Yeah. Mm. And I wanna like rub it in New York, the Giants face for some reason I never liked the Giant. Yeah. Like you know what I'm saying? One of my favorite passage from you when we talk about the James Harden, know what I'm saying? The award You said they some hoes the Giants, y'all some hoes because y'all gave our division a monster bro.


Yeah. And now it's looking spooky. Yeah Y'all want them to win just 'cause of the Giants. So I hope Sequan can win and we all like, I'm not a Eagles fan at all but just, I just want him to win for some reason man, listen Pat Mahomes three people we gonna treat it like the Lakers now. See the beginning with Shaq and Kobe? Nah if he went through in a row. Yeah for sure if he went through the row for me he the greatest quarterback ever. Damn time ain't do three in the roster. Nobody else did three. Three is tough, three is tough bro. Especially in football 'cause he just do it whatever. Who on the roster? Alright. Tarique believe it don't matter. You still gonna nobody else around three. Oh Brom Brady got six of the bitches though. Nah. Yeah but it aint, it is definitely got seven. I believe Tom got seven. Yeah Tom got seven.


Yeah that's a lot of Super Bowl bro. But three in a row but he went like a damn near 10 year break between three and four and then it's three in a row based off me. It ain't really this Tom first one wasn't off him. All this shit is based off him. Like Kansas City was, who the fuck wanted to go to Kansas City nigga. Yeah. What's my nigga name the running back Pierre Holmes. I mean I don't even remember the nigga name Talking about Priest homes. Priest homes back in the day. Yeah Priest Homes was the hottest shit in Kansas City. They had Larry Priest Holmes. Yeah my nigga Dante all throw up the X. Yeah but that niggas was bad as they was as that was weak. They was weak Priest home. But they had priest Homes number was priest Homes 31, 31 something like that. That nigga was the oldest one back ever.


Nigga had Gray Ears was rookie and shit. I ain't gonna lie. Nigga was he was, he was cold. He was cold on man. Yeah. But other than that we wasn't fucking with the chiefs that he got the chiefs to like a premier team nigga gon ass nigga. I mean Nah to have Taylor Swift at your game even though you're a man's dater it's just like all of that put together. Yeah Dynasty like all that put together is crazy. Nah that Dynasty for sure. Yeah all that put together. It's crazy. Yeah that's crazy man. Shout to Pat Mahomes man. Generational talent man. Facts like you said it don't matter what happens whoever on that roster bro. I'm gonna c out Super Bowl. What's up? Yeah, that's a fact. Respect man. Listen we got a couple weeks for the Super Bowl unfortunately man. So we got some time to place in best. I know you got a, I know you got a Super Bowl part I like you cooking up. Yeah I'm working on it.


I'll have it this week. It'll be done about Thursday for sure. For sure. Gotta get that money man. I wanted to see how y'all felt about, you know what I'm saying? Ohio State got the chip obviously you see what they offer them boys in that portal man I think what he got 4.5 offered 4.5. Yeah. Leaving Jeremiah, Ohio State better match it. Ohio State at least. Gotta even better match. He gotta give him at least three. I'm staying bro. Yeah I'm staying too but like I, somebody offered me 4.5, I'm going back to my school like what we doing. That is crazy though. That's a thing now. I wish I played basketball if you was awake your sophomore year. Oh my god that portal come through. You leaving weight? No I would've been like, yo, this the price is five, make sure everything is straight.


I would just gave a million dollars to my mom and daddy and then they, they were being fine forever. That's true. I would've played basketball killed, went to the league 5 million. Hmm. But imagine getting that bro got what BYU got 7 million and then still gonna go to the league. Yeah. Shit different shit. Green bro. DYU can lose every game. It don't matter Does not matter. He's still going look at Rutgers with these young bulls like hey they high attack this fire, Rutgers be taking crazy Ls. They they, they seem suck. They strive for greatness And I would, I, first of all, I'm never hating on anybody getting money or young more you pay black men.


Nah I fucking love it. But they team not good but Dylan Harper and Ace Bailey gonna be top five picks. Yeah. And they team suck but they got a, I'm sure they both got a bag but you know what's fire they said campus though. They said hey we Nike athletes, we don't wear the shit game time. That's fire and they school with Anitas. Right. It's, it's, I fucking love it bro's. Right. I love all that like y'all I'm with the bullshit. Yeah y'all with y'all worse than me. Y'all definitely with the bullshit. What? Oh yeah, I'm a coach so it's like, you know in my heart I'm like on my soul, if I was a college athlete, nigga I am Johnny Manzi. So you doing coke? Everything Coke.


What? Texas a and m is lit. I'm gonna Texas a&t though. Not a, I'm gonna a&t hb So you talking you A&t. Johnny Zel had the greatest college career ever. Nobody is fucking with Johnny Zell going out there on Coke killing like that at an elite level. Everybody pulling up to the game bro. It's nothing to do Where Texas a and m is bro. That's a fact. That is a college town bro. That's different. Like Bloomington, Indiana, bro. Yeah. College Station is not cracking. Yes bro. Yeah. Yeah. That bitch lit bro. But it's cracking 'cause I'm here like USC of course Reggie Bush and them are legends bro.


Met Linhart all them niggas. That's la bro. You in LA bro. That code. I'm the main attraction bro, bro. Niggas pulled up to see me. He had killed card bro. In college football. Yes bro. Real talk. So I I'm in Zi. I don't know who y'all take. I I'm in that's how we picking who we could be in college football. Yes bro. On college football. Who would you put, hold on, gimme a second. I gotta think about that because IG gie Bush. I'm out though. I'm Reggie Bush off the Ripper. Nigga. Soon as I got to the league I fucked Kim, I'm Reggie Bush. Reggie Bush. Was he league? Yeah, I'm I'm Reggie Bush. I know them. College stories is probably crazy. Crazy. I'm popping. I don't know what he did on campus. C Whatever. I'm legend. I'm Tim Tebow, Florida bro. Woo.


You ain't fuck none. No I'm yeah to y'all. No, when these cameras go off. Nah cross you went, you went to church nigga and the cross is on chain. On over. You went to church bro? Oh yeah. The World Street could be me. Church is only two hours bro. I got rest of day that motherfucker chain would've been hitting her in the face. I would've got there. What's the skate movie too? Swag. What's the nigga? What was his name? What was his name? Oh you talking about her Purvis? Yeah. I would've been Percy Harper. Icy. I would've been Harvey coming nigga Purpose never Nervous. Pervis. Percy Harvey was a dog though. I would've been Percy Harvey Damn u See I guess nobody said Aaron Hernandez.


Nah, I'm cool. Nah, nah, that's too dark. Yeah, that's that nigga too. I grew up on 40th Street but I was, I was, I wasn't smoking shit. I grew up, I grew up out West 38 Gateway where I was smoking shit. Prayer household. We was fool. Yeah I was smoking shit.


Well, USC you be ready to push and the action is always heating up on the field at the Draft King sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draft King Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet. Just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sports Book. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. If you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah you, it was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every Day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mul who writes our business week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide. Elections Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you listen.


They what? They already reparations bro. They already reparations bro. Bro. I'll be OJ OJ Mayo if I want. Nah, the real oj OJ Mayo or oj you talking about Simpson. OJ Simpson o Mayo No. Miracle win. Oh we love OJ Mayo. I'm talking about Simpson. I'm talking about Nigga Juice loose. Damn OJ Mayo did one you kill shit. And that's crazy because in any situations that's the only oj the real OJ niggas I be OJ Simpson at us at UC bro. Nigga here get a Bronco next.


What's up? Hundred percent bro. It close nigga. On everything Florida, y'all got a lot of niggas y'all can choose from, nigga. Oh, that whole team that that motherfucker old five to oh eight class. Oh I, I didn't go there Florida. Oh. Shout out to the PE twins. My niggas nigga. You got Miami. Miami. Oh I, I would've went to Miami. I've been Clinton Port. You've been there with Clinton? I'd been Clinton. Clinton. Oh, Clinton. Oh no, that Miami team was different. Was Irv all them. But yeah, I, I fuck with Miami though. What's the tight end Gregson from? From 88 to like 2000? Yeah, from like 88 to like 2005 Miami.


What's the spot? It was a light skinned nigga that played tight end too. Okay. Jimmy Graham, Winslow Winslow. And then he tried to take my legs. Hell of a athlete. Yeah, but he in jail now. Yeah. Gonna say get my boy. We can't even shout him out. He going through some shit. He on some different charges like well no killer for me. Yeah. I gonna say be careful. I was, I'm Clinton. Clinton cool. Yeah I wanna be whi after my nigga Greg Ain got locked up too. But he got right out. He got out. But you don't wanna be whi there some niggas charges. You don't wanna be Winslow. Hey man Winslow. Who? Y'all who y'all gonna be from Ohio State? Bruce? No, no. Jeremiah Smith. Nah, I'm what's my nigga name? Terrell Pryor.


Terrell Pryor TP got a bag. Real NIL. Legend. Oh. He was the first one to get a bag. Hey, he was Hope too. Terrell Parker Hoop. That was re Parker. No, I'm, I'm Louis Square bro. We, I would've been, I would've been AJ Hawk you fuck with AJ Hawk. That's, that's what's going on in the world though. Oh. Rrp DJ Hawk man. Man walk get down. Hey motherfucker said rp, rp. No funny shit. But people was like damn, we thought that was Teague nigga they got bitch on Twitter was tag you in a picture. They was like damn they got my nigga some. I said hey yeah I got your lot bro. Nigga niggas same. I I look like DJ two step video nigga. I want mama they got me R IP him but bitch I don't look like him. Nah bitch I'm a hundred but I'm two 15.


Nigga was 140. Tell to walk it out. Oh nigga sit pull a picture up. They got me fucked up. I was fucking crying. That's what they really all did because they put the hawks in there. They was like damn is Thatt guys chill out on my nigga yo. No they got me fucked up bro. That nigga was a 1 35. Ah, he had two bangers though. No I didn't know he was a part of Don't hide that pussy. I didn't know that was his track too. I said oh I got this more his catalog. Nah him because walking out was a, that was was motherfucker two Step two. Jim Jones walked on that bitch man. Oh. Who had the best rest on the remix? Oh walking it out. Nobody fuck with tpa. Verse TPA was on.


I think he two step was better. Andre 3000 on walking out is crazy. Oh. I walk out like us. Yeah man that no that's hard. That's crazy but Two Step. Yeah that's all TP for sure. But Jim and Jim came crazy on that one though. Nah for sure. You think it's better than Andre thousand on walking out? Nah, Andre had different Nah he lost. That shit was crazy. Alright so is Andre better than the Wayne? Wayne What The Wayne Freestyle? Yeah. Dre. Dre had the be like double Duchess. Nah, Dre had the best shit. Yeah okay. That is a hard bar though. Wayne was crazy on that too. It was Wayne. Wayne go crazy. Wayne is a elite but Dre don't rap much so when he do he just fuck shit up.


He did go crazy. Yeah he go crazy like he went crazy on Kanye shit. Yeah. Oh the life of the party. Yeah it was like bro like nigga don't rap for seven years and they come out and it is like what's up? Fuck I think Erica Badu zap my nigga. Man. Boy everybody bro. How good Exactly. Everybody who went to that tree, boy they came back different. God that motherfuck price so Po. Erica Bardo when you make some shit that when you make a fucking perfume and smell like your shit, you know it's elite. Damn. She got something to do that. Yeah everybody look wow man that's some magical shit. I'll stay away from that shit bro. I'm tap me in. All the niggas are fuck worse. I wearing Shinies and shit. They acting I'm ready, I'm ready for my Kofi. Hey that boy Calm, calm me got outta there.


I'm ready for Myko. Hey Comic went that just right shit got wicked. I seen that movie. He should have stayed that motherfucker behind the back he was doing was so trash he should stayed a little longer. Who Wicker him or Quincy McCall Common? No. Oh you're not. And the ones who win that, fuck QQ was least a nigga though. Nah bro. Man I'm cool bro was a nigga bro. Q Girl was harder for sure. Yeah I'm Q Bro and the ones who win it take it outta Stu is crazy. Who winning? Who winning it? Q Quincy McCall or fucking just right. Yes. I'm taking Quincy McCall bro. Kim beat bro. I swear to God I got our monthly check that Commonwealth Dog walk Chris MCC McCall bro.


I'll tell you Pussy McCall bro. He was still a nigga bro. Bro he played for the niche bro. Yeah, common played for the bro. But he was the weakest nigga on the niche bro. He they had him in Vince Carter. They gave him Star G bro And they lied. He next player bro. They lied bro. His whip was crazy. It was a actuary bro. His his whip was his, his whole life was crazy and his girl was harder. What? Wait in the beginning or the end? Because you talking about the internet movie. What we say BC no nigga, aren't you serious? So now was Tyra so Ton is not harder than Tyra Banks is son Robert Thick Girl you crazy.


So now Layton so now EY does not look better than what's your Yeah. Yes she do. What's Robert Thick girl, Tanaya Layton. Tyra Banks is better than fucking Robin. Thick girl. Pat Paula Patton? Yes bro. It's quiet. Tyra Banks ain't better than Paul Pay. No bro. Y'all niggas what nigga? Tyra Banks. Oh y'all niggas is drunk bro. I'm out. What Tyrell tell these niggas they out of pocket bro. Tyra Banks looks better than Paula Penn. Yes, yes nigga. Man you niggas is tripping bro. Nigga Paul always surprised That's really my lane and I'm keeping her being respect. You know You know that's my lane. I see your motherfucker dancer. Fuck you.


Look at her. See Mike do this. Mike pull up the worst picture possible. I don't like the way he measure his best nigga. Pull up that bro. She definitely look like an alien right there bro. That's disrespectful. Pull up Paula Patton off the coat. Probably still gonna smoke with the shooter for sure. She she's still cold but pressure Tyra y'all nigga said Tyra Banks so now Lathan is fine. Al Lathan is hard though. Tyra Banks al now pull up Sana Lathan. I ain't gonna lie. Even though she bit Beyonce. Beyonce ain't Paul Pat look like that a long time bro. Bro. Paul Pat looking at that in 20 years bro. Shout to my nigga Pascal, I'll get you pulling this shit. You pulled up the coldest picture of Paul Pat I ever seen.


Yeah, nah don't go to the motherfucking bottom of the screen Michael. I'm listen I I'll take Aya like nigga don't pull up Ana Laton when she was trying that for, what's the motherfucker movie? Yali Berry got Isaiah. What the fuck losing Isaiah had Body like pull up motherfucking when she was that's pushing she shoulda her hair. Yeah when she had the body for a second. No that was I am not my hair. That's when the allegation started. I'm soniya fired. Fuck I'm over. I'm not my hair Isie. I read nigga. That's when Son looked. I ain't not, my hair is a alive son basically in a movie with about that though. I'm not, I'm tapped in with that is a wild, wild song. I'm, I'm tapped in with son. Aya was really like my dream girl. I ain't gonna bro Paula Penn like I would've. I ain't gonna lie.


Listen man, we hear now who was y'all Dream girl growing up? Nia Ton was mine. Mm. I was, I was never into white women like that because my brother's ruined there for me. But nigga son Layton's not white. Topanga, Topanga. You asked who was my dream? Oh Topanga was your, this is my journey. I'm sure I'm gonna go Reagan Gomez off. What's it? The parent track. What's the show? My parent track. Parenthood. Parenthood? Yeah. Reagan. Gomez ain't a bad one son. Laton was mine. Like I, when she looked like she could hoop I was so I liked that girl from his show. I talk about her a lot on this pod. Which one? From Hitch? The Will. What? What? Oh you talking about what's her name? It was with Will Smith, whoever that girl is the the Spanish chick.


It's not Eva. Is it the one from Modern Ria? Yeah Eva Longoria. Is it Eva Longoria? Nah that's the one from Modern Men Family. No even Eva Mendez. It might be Eva Mendez. She not from, is that is she on Modern Family Eva Mendez? Nah that ain't even Mendez. That's Sophia men. Sophia Sophia took my heart too. Also some young nigga. Shit. Colin Pratt was that that smoke For sure. Oh my was young niggas Dream for sure Pratt was elite and she still fought to day look the same One one Colin pr. I seen her on that show with Cam New or Yeah. Yeah but I ain't gonna lie Ton boy. I I love basketball boy. I love the basketball shit. I heard her being better than Quincy was crazy though.


She, I on my soul she was weak in that dress, that white dress nigga. She was trying to be a tomboy and I still was some Oh bro, you got too into character bro. You damn near tapped your Columbus short bag bro. She was too, too into character bro. That could mean so many different bitch. But you but you like bitches with muscles though. I be cool. Why you keep saying that? I just because my wife work out dont mean I like bitches with houses. Paul's not built like China. No hell no I don't. No bitch built like China rp. Respect. Respect for don't want a motherfucker stronger than me. Why you can't talk about a motherfucker because they die how they built Like it is what it is bro. Like he outta pocket this, he outta pocket whoever that is out of pocket.


Hey this nigga crazy. This is a video that need to pop up right now. What I was talking about video bro. All this shit on Twitter. DJ gotta send that to you because that has to pop up. That's it. They said this is why that's out pocket DJ has to send that to you. I'm just saying right now listen that's a good one thing. One thing I look I'm all for motherfucker doing what they love. Nah hell yeah. Look as good as you want. Look. Nah I swear to God for real. That's real bro. Lil Baby said the the realest shit ever. If you want titties I pay for them. Nah bro. If you can afford it bro. Trick real. I just hit don't get the ones on T. Yeah I don't know how you came. Nah, just make sure the motherfuckers ain't like that.


Make sure the motherfuckers loose on your chin. God put a little fix of flood in you. Yeah What there now the now the ass. Listen we got motherfuckers doing teeth all type of shit out here so. Oh yeah they put on I know where y'all can go and get y'all teeth done. She'll take the the teeth out, put the veneers in and put braces on the veneers and get you a new ass for less than five racks. Tap in. All you need is two days unconscious. You'll come back to a whole new person. I just heard what y'all said you gonna table said put Vene.


But the crazy is this is a real thing. Nah for real. That's a real thing. Come to Indiana Lifetime Fitness cadaver Play Fitness. Who just come to Indiana man. All your dreams could come true. Machine. Machine come out west. We can change your life. Y all your dreams could True come true bro. I want to see how y'all felt about the Allstar returns, you know what I'm saying? We see the stars of the Allstar gang going on. Do we feel like La Melo got snubbed? No. Yes. Did he get snubbed as a starter bro? He hit the criteria. He was three bro away being a starter man. No. Did he get snubbed? No. Okay. He beat all the, the two niggas that starting over him in every category. Bro I'm better than y'all niggas and except one literally bro.


Nigga got no wins bro. That's not what this game is for. I love Lalo so this is ain't no hell I love Lalo. I love the Hornets. You know I fuck with Miles. You know I fuck with B Miller. My Hornets Lalo. He FaceTime when we was here real nigga. But bro y'all just ain't got enough wins. I can't, I can't show love. I can't validate that. I'm gonna say this right now. If he don't make it as a reserve, I'm gonna know something. That's not fair bro. He has to be a reserve bro. Nah bro. All has to be lost bro. Many Ls bro. It's not fair. And it ain't niggas too far from him though. Like ain't thinking I got. Yeah like you, you take, you take away K Cunningham. I made my team up.


They was at the same level last year. Mm. The Hornets was ass. Detroit was as K Cunningham beat him up. He raised his level of play. The team get to a chance where they in the playoff hunt. You, you disregard that for Yes bro. Yes. This is a all star game bro. Bro. He ain't an all star average 20. What? What? But he well 25, 20, 25, 8 and seven like I'm better than you. He not, he not better than Kade Cunningham on my mama la I love lame. He is not better than K Cunningham. Yeah it's okay. Like it is. He lit but it's when you can play bad basketball.


This is my OTE bro. It is though for for the Hornets or you can play bad basketball averaging 30 and nine in the NBA. Y'all won eight games. Like that's my team's fault bro. I'm killing my matchup every single night. I'm a $200 million nigga bro. And you are I already excited. I'm earning it. You are excited and you great. I'm not letting y'all down. Can you make your team a winner in k Cunningham? We how long have we been saying Detroit So that is true. We was talking about Keeley and Hayes last year. We was talking about how as they are, they done had a draft pick at the draft pick and now K Cunningham done came into his own and these niggas is diner in the playoff hunt.


It might be like six in the east. They are. If K don't make it as armed robbery, if K don't make it, anybody needs to be investigated. That's not bullshit. And I'm not saying that Lalo ain't one of the star study players and he ain't cold nigga. We all fans of Lalo. All the kids love him. Deserve, deserve. Well that's what I'm saying. That's what it's for though bro. Yeah but it's also like all stars nigga. I was the all I made the All-Star team 'cause my team won. No. So I feel different about it like yeah if a nigga would've got it over me and they had seven wins and I had at that time 40, I'm like nigga you got me like this nigga, I could put me on that team nigga I can get 30 points if we don't gotta win. Oh that's how I would've felt.


You know what I mean? I So you Trey Young or a K Cunningham or Darius Garland or Damien Littler, all these guys that's going against him for that spot. You put Damien Littler on Charlotte Hornets, Damien Littler average 35. I don't got nothing to play for. I just gotta get buckets. I'm averaging 35. You don't think so? I I don't, my thing is I think they will kill but I just don't know bro. His dynamic, this is what I'm saying about the Allstar game. A Allstar game is just more than like the NBA itself bro. I am a fan favorite. The Allstar game is like some fuck around shit. Yeah it is. You got dunk contest three point contest. This is not about who wins the most games bro.


The only thing, I'm only reason I'm going against you on that 'cause I know what it do for people contracts. Oh yeah, that's the, that's the business. You know that better than me a thousand percent bro. So if I make a Allstar team, I'm lowkey a max player. Yeah. Do y'all know how it's how it's weighted like with the 50% is fans fan base 25 20 5% NBA other NBA players and then 25% media panel. He came in last in the media but the other two, he came in first came last in the media. No he came in first for the fans and then came in third for the player rank. Oh my bad. But he came in first for media too. No he came in last media. Damn. See that also a lot. I mean respectfully I know y'all got your jobs and shit but if some of these niggas who have Allstar boats need to be investigated, I it's just media because they're not winning.


If they was, if they was in a playoff hunt we wouldn't even be talking about Lalo. He is a probably be a landslide. Yeah. Yeah. He's super allstar now. Like I'll say this too, one thing I hate as well, I know everybody jokes about it, but there's a lot of these media people who do not be watching these games. I swear to God they don't be watching games. They go off what they say. I'm just saying but it is just, it just wins and losses. So B Yeah to media people B going off a straight shoe sales like that's what it's about. That's what I'm saying. You the literally, literally this is some celebrity shit bro. The Allstar game is who are, who is the most popular. I wanna see the most lit niggas in the game bro I ain't against you on that.


And like I said, it's no disrespect to niggas like Roy Hier and everybody else who made the All-Star game but niggas really didn't give a fuck bro. Yeah but nigga it was niggas like Damien Lillard getting snubbed bro. That's why I, I respect it. I hate that the NBA even does the East West. It should be the just the best 28 players in the NBA bro. Hey you know what's funny about that? I seen the dude tweet, he was going to a Jersey Partyer and he was like I hope nobody matches me. I got my 2016 Paul Millsap Allstar jersey on and I was just like that's crazy. That's crazy bro. Or 12. So 24 the best 24 players like come on man. Like it is not, I feel you but I only reason I'm disregarding like what you're saying, it's clear like if de Kimba Mutombo not even I owe, I ain't gonna say Dekin Bay RIP Theo Iff.


If Theo Ratliff killed on that Sixers team in 2000 bro you think a nigga wanted a Theo Ratliff number 40 Jersey and I fuck took the fuck with Theo. Swear to God you was a killer nigga on the beginning of 2K, the beginning years. I don't want no Theo Ratliff jersey bro. Look what I'm saying is, and George Lynch come on man that that shit means something. Aaron McKee was a six man bro. Killer bro. Shout. Yeah, Aaron McKee was cold bro and he kept a fan. Niggas don't want a 33 jersey bro. That guy extra what I'm saying. Oh go ahead. Only reason I'm saying that is because I know what them credentials mean. I make the Allstar team. Yeah I'm looked in a different light like niggas probably don't want a Chris Middleton jersey.


Yeah they probably don't. I'm saying but when he became, I'm saying but when he became a Allstar they put him in a different rim. Now he got a max deal. Sir no let niggas make it. Don't take the lit nigga out of the light. But it's just like I can't, that's all I'm saying. Just think about it. When we young, a lit nigga like Lit niggas to us was Darius mouth and no shake the D Miles but they was lit. Nah you bro then you put D Miles on the All Star team. Them niggas was winning five games. Is this niggas average than 25? Yes. I don't know if, I don't know what his stats was but it's just like nigga we was more familiar with D Miles and Quinn Richardson than we was anybody else that was killing. Niggas wanna see him over like Antonio mc we wanted, he was nice.


We was doing this nigga and these niggas was 19, nigga averaging 12 and losing like a motherfucker. But we like, I don't ever wanna play with nobody bread. And I understand the business side of like I said Chris Milton, all them niggas is deserve it. I'm saying don't rob the fan favorite though. That's the lit nigga that's killing. It's okay. It's 12 niggas bro. If Lalo make it on the, on the last spot bro. He gotta be there bro. No, I was gonna ask y'all this question off that strength, does he get that, that guard spot over Trey Young? Nah bro, I I that's crazy bro. I fuck with Lalo bro. Like it sound like I'm hating but I nah don't now you fuck with Lalo like I'm a fan. Like I wish they won 40 games 'cause he deserves to be there and I think you making a valid point bro.


He is like Cole, he one of the best players in the league but you just can't give that love 'cause somebody gotta score the ball. So when you suck somebody gotta shoot that motherfucker when KD and them suck when he was still on Seattle as a rookie and he averaged what? 19 or something. Somebody gotta shoot that bitch. When the Bobcats was ass as fuck when they won seven games and Kimball was out there getting 25. It's like yeah we just beat y'all about 40 but somebody gotta shoot. Mm nah I gotta ask you for the West though James hard. Is he getting MVPI not MVP because he getting an All star bid.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. It changed It and the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race's. Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mul who writes our business week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you listen.


That's that's, that's It's a tough, that's a tough one. Yeah, west is kind of tricky because you like, damn, Norman Powell is like literally they best player. Really? He been playing the best and you don't want like, we wouldn't say that 'cause it's James hard in there. The lineage that he has. We wouldn't say he be cooking as a light too as well. You know what I mean? But like this year, Norman Powell been a blessed player. So do you disregard his lineage and the legacy and put Norman Powell on there? I don't know how the voters act. Y'all know how I fuck with MP Z Heavy? That's my guy. But I feel like if somebody else is, that's a star that's killing bro. Come on man. Mm. Put him in the game, bro. But do you really like if I'm a me now I'm putting myself in James Hardin shoes.


I'm a max player, I'm a hall of famer, I'm top 75. I'm legit. Yes sir. Nigga, everybody know me. My nigga right here is killing. He ain't had a max deal yet. His deal about to be up. Do I give a fuck about me making Allstar team? Do I give a fuck about him and now he about to hit the bank. If that's the case, James gonna pass at the MP and he as he should. That's what I'm saying. I think James Harden that type of guy like Yeah bro, I'm getting 40 million anyway, whatever you getting 35 million a year. Yeah. Yeah. I've been an Allstar. I'm top 75, I'm a hall of famer. I've being MVP, I'm lit. You about to get paid, make the All Star team you about to get a max deal. You know what I mean?


Yeah. Or even you gonna get a max deal. You about to get something crazy. Yeah. But like you said, the business of basketball behind that, my boy got the hard, nah just dropped like a lot of that stuff be a lot of contingent upon that shit. Like even with the JA situation, I don't know if Ja hit the qualifications for games played and stuff, but like niggas need to see Ja rent an all star game bro. I don't care how that shake. Yeah it is. It is different from Lalo though. Like Lalo is he cold But Ja Marant is like saves the NBA. Yeah, he facts. Yeah. You know what I'm, he pushed the needle differently. Respect. Yeah. He pushed the needle differently from Lalo. Like Lalo is cold. He one of the coldest players in the NBA, but he don't move the needle. Melo got a cult following.


Yeah. He don't move the needle. Ja Morant when he play, he moved the needle. He moves the entire financial downtown of Memphis differently than Charlotte though. That's a different, like niggas ain't going to the game in Charlotte. Lalo averaging 30 or not like you can, he can have 30 or five the same people going to the game in Charlotte. If Ja DMPs it is a lot niggas upset. Yeah. Like if Ja don't, if Ja don't show up to Indianapolis and play the Pacers, niggas are sick. Nobody going La Melo pull up here. We niggas Don niggas wasn't going nowhere. Niggas wasn't going nowhere. Like niggas not gonna C Shark. Yeah, that's the stardom is different. Yeah. There ain't no shade to man. MLO got a just a longer and it's no shade to mlo.


'cause I'm actually a MLO fan. Yeah. That was, I I, I wanted my high school team to be pullin the world Mello. And that's because he, he's so popular bro. But he get penalized 'cause how long he's been popular. Ja got popular once he hit the tournament it was up. You know what I mean? Yeah. But it's just like from when years 11 being popular, his movement 22, his mo Ja movement was so powerful 'cause they was winning. Yeah. Like Lalo movement is based off of social media and how he grew up and who he was as a kid. And now that he killing it's like, and he's still cold. You know what I bro, he's still cold because a lot of people thought he was gonna be Julian Newman but Ja like he brought Murray State to a place where we was fucking with him.


Like even though me, they had some guys like Isaiah Canon who was cold and blah blah blah. But he brung it to me. They my they was in the tournament. We was watching Ja. Then he go to a Memphis team. They had the grit and grind replacing Mike Conley too. Yeah. Mike Conley grit and grind. And then he pull up and it's like, oh they don't got Zebo, they don't got Mike, they don't got TA shit dead. And then he get that bitch back lit and it is like, yeah it is different bro. Nah, he changed down. It's like Charlotte ain't been lit since like Charlotte. Nah, Kebas still the most lit nigga that been in Charlotte. That's a fact. You know what I mean? Shot the cardiac. Yeah. So like Ja made us forget kind of about, not forget, but we still appreciate the grit and grind.


But he brought his own formula to the grit and grind. Like to the point where they was in the playoffs and still doing their thing. For sure. Hey, we talked, talked about this draft class, but shout some nigga. Hey good. We brought up a valid point. He said we need to put some more respect on that 2021 draft class. Look at K Cunningham killing Evan Mobley, Scotty Barnes, Franz Wagner, Jalen Green St. Guns killing, Jalen Johnson, Trey Murphy, Jalen Suggs, Minga, herb Jones, cam Thomas, like hey they got some people who doing some shit right now in the league bro. Hey name a nigga. Eight nigga named eight people. You said who? You named eight people number 10 bro. That's in the draft in the first round. That's solid bro.


That's solid. That's ass bro. Oh come on. But ain't too many draft class with 10 nigga is good bro. I see. Come on. Especially nowadays a lot of niggas be role players. Nah, I, I can go, let's go all nine. You named why probably the top three draft class top. That's my, that's my draft class. Of course you did. That's the top three draft class. Okay that's my draft class number one. What's who? Blake Griffin. What would y'all say? Black ribbons lit Hall of famer number two was Hashem to beat. We had watched that. Christmas three was James Harden Hall of Famer. Five four was Tyreek Evans. What we doing with that? Free my nigga Hall of famer off the court continue. So four was Tyre Evans five. Who was five? Ricky Rubio. What we say about Ricky?


Yeah I think he was a solid player. He was a solid NBA player. Right. He was solid. Solid. What's who? Six Johnny Flynn. He got hurt. Get what? We watch that seven need you on the show. Flynn, Steph, God what Steph eight Jordan Hill. We watch that nine Marty Rose, the Marty Rosen nine top score of all time 10. Brandon Jennings B Jennings. What we put him? He legit solid 11 Terrence Williams. Where my nigga we going until we get to you 12. Gerald Henderson Wash team. Tyler sbr, wash Cheeks 14 Earl Clark bring my nigga.


I love E Wash Louis of a legend 15 Austin Day. Fuck all these nigga God Wash. I don't know if Earl Clark said Joe Free. I was sayers though. He was for a second wash. That Medicaid James Johnson. My nigga James still playing to this day. Indiana Pace legend James Johnson 17 Drew Holiday what? Drew 17. Yep. Elite. Drew Drew Holiday gonna be in Hall of Fame. Yeah. Hall of Fame 18. Alright. Lawson. Todd Lawson was League Hall of Fame off the court. 19. You were 19. I was 19 All star shit. Some brick was 20 after. Who was after me? Who was 20? Eric May, huh? 21 Uhon career Solid 20 Solid Victor Claver.


Who fuck is that? I dunno. It's 23 Armory Casby. Damn Armory. Casby was around for minute. Damn. My Mark Cass played for the Rockets Warrior a killer. 24 Byron Molins. Damn five. I didn't I my nigga ain't a hall of famer but B was 26 raw in high school. De had a burner. Taj Gibson was 26 still playing. That is fucking crazy. 27. I told Taj he had his fucked up. He got his only dunk of the year against the s. I said my nigga that feel Ari, Ari Carroll Damari was 27 Nasty. Who was 28? Shout to DeMar Wayne Ellington Wayne was 28. Wait us until you pro I'll keep a bag 20.


Tony Douglas was run Run. Yeah. 30 Christian I name. It's all good. Aga Aga he went to the Cavs. I don't remember him. I don't remember that nigga. Yeah that athletic he was with when we met Alex Burke he played a pro Christian B. Yeah it, I don't, it ain't recall. I remember man who 30 was. Yeah I was. It's not fair to compare them was 30, Patrick Beverly was 42 P be was 42. Yeah that's some stills in second round. But these young niggas are hooping though.


I mean we can't, that's not fair. I'm not gonna say that they, they got a good class but I'm just thinking like damn you got B Blake Griffin bro your class was unreal. I'm saying y'all number three all time four. Steph having Steph Curry and James Hart and two MVPs. That's cheating bro. And yo draft class. These on young niggas on the way though. That's a solid core. Hell yeah. All them mean a lot to they teams too. Yeah, they all franchise cornerstones for sure. Yeah, for sure. Man that's crazy. Give well soon Jay Johnson. Man how long y'all, damn I hate, I hated that game but he got hurt. I'm like damn y'all was on the run too. I hate to mention it but we just, just get well soon like that. Give us soon for sure speaking to get us soon.


That relationship between Nerc and Bud is hilarious bro. It's done. When I seen Bud to the press conference he was like, I heard y'all ain't talking in two weeks. He like, well everybody gotta earn their job. They keep around here. I said Bud is sicking these. That's pretty much, that's how Bud don't give a fuck about you. Like Bud he the coolest, how can I say it? He the coolest. Like I don't give a fuck nigga I ever met in my life. He'll be like, Hey how you doing? How your family doing? But he'll you won't play. Like he'd be like T how you doing? Everything's good. Yeah you, you feeling good? I'm in Milwaukee like yeah I'm good man. Life is great. Oh okay. Get to the game. You ain't get in. You like, but I'm ready but oh okay I'm ready.


I'm, I'm healthy. I, I feel good. Oh okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Damn we greasy like that nigga trying to win. He don't give a fuck about Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's how he was doing me. I'm like yeah I think I, I think I'm ready. He like oh okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Damn go about his bitch. You be selling that bitch line then he'll call you in your office the next day. T come talk to me. Yeah, I hope you, everything is going good, everything's fine. You're feeling good. Everything's going. Yeah, I'm ready. Oh okay. Nigga don't give a fuck about none of that shit. He trying to win the game. Hey, when Nick Richards came in and got 20 and 19 I said we would never see Nurk again.


But I'm just saying like he don't give a fuck about that shit trying to win the game. Ooh. That's what he on he I'm trying to win. Yeah. And I feel him though. Yeah man that got a lot of shit going on. It's funny 'cause like been trying Trey Ner for the last three weeks and everybody's like, we are smooth nigga quit calling us about that. No he, he not a good player. Like no not I shouldn't say that. Like he whatever he do good it's just not maximized on that team. They don't need it. So I don't, I don't see it. I don't see it like when it was a debate between him and Yoic it's like what y'all looking at? Like I remember Kenny Atkinson and no I'm not trying to like put smart on Kenny Atkinson name or make him against Nerc.


But he was like Nerc sucks compared to this kid. I remember this was when like yo rookie year. Yeah you said? Yeah it was like Yos and Nerc. They had both of them and I remember Kenny Ats, me and him used to talk ball all the time and he was just like, Kenny Atkinson was like a genius and he was just like I can't believe they even second like they playing this kid ner over this yo kid like Yoki just 10 times better than this dude Ner Ner he's not good. He was like he can't move. This kid got moves he can play, he can pass. And it was Yoic and then we played him and he had like a double double and Kenny was a basketball head like I'm telling he was gonna be nice and to see who yo Yoic became.


It is like damn Kenny knew. And he said the same thing about Steph Cur. And I remember talking to him before the season started, he literally said the same thing about Donovan Mitchell. And then he got the job over there and it is like this dude, he no ball. Yeah. And now you see it, it is like damn he just no ball. He even told me before he got the job 'cause he was supposed to take the the Charlotte job and he said no thanks, but he told me like La Melo is a star but he is, he's he he's injury pump. Yeah. Like he, he he be out and he like he's he's talented. He is unbelievable. He is so talented. I would love to work with him. I just don't know how healthy he gonna be.


And it was like damn that's real. And then when he took the Cavs job he just taught me how talented Evan Mobley was. Cool. And then you see Evan Mobley having a career here. It's like this motherfucker, this motherfuck Kenny bro Kenny know every, now I gotta ask you on this question between Evan Mobley on the east and then from another good team on the west where J Dub either them get an Allstar bid because they looking like Jalen Williams might not get an Allstar dub Allstar nod in the west. He young bro. Don't matter if he, he gets nah he need, he need that bro. He, he gone, he up for a contract soon. E either this year extension or one got extension one of them year it's on the way. So he need that Allstar for the max.


I think that everybody know he is so valuable to OKC. Yeah. So I think he gonna get that Max regardless. But it is really solidified when you make the Allstar team. So I hope he get it. Evan, Evan Mobley already got it. Yeah he got paid. Yeah he got paid already so no he really didn't matter. I just want guys to get paid now BI wanted, did you see this Paul Pierce shout to Paul the true they said he was wilding but I wanted to hear your thoughts on it. They said they should trade Che for kd. Is he out of pocket? Yeah. Yeah that nigga. Yeah he drunk. He was, he he was off that bottle. We just got. Yes sir. But I I Paul is a right now nigga and he did it Boston like I'm trying to win right now.


Nah, he, he drunk the future if Chet was like 28 not but yeah do it. He a baby bro. Yeah they still trying to figure it out. They trying to be a dynasty So you can't trade away a piece like that KD on his way out, you know what I mean? Kds still a high level player. I ain't trading no 36-year-old nigga for my young gun. Hell nah. And I, I love kd. Y'all know we, I think we might be KD biggest fans, niggas on KD praise a lot of niggas on here. We just, but it's just like out of this like us three we name people we, we all fuck with bro. But we, we a criticize bro a little bit like ah, he, you know what I mean?


He 40 we would give him love but the consensus is like we all love KD Like at one moment we all said KD was like the best player. Yeah I said it when he was in Brooklyn when I played against him man, well I didn't play but when I watched him kill he matched up with him enough though. Yeah. I'll say KD was the best player when he was in Brooklyn. A Milwaukee series. You talking about if you build a player you'll build kd. Oh for sure. And DJ done said so much about kd but at this time, at this moment with how they playing right now without Chet to Trey Chet for KD is fucking Yeah crazy.


It is dumb. Sam would never Che is a better player than KD right now at this moment. I understand what you're saying. Nah, legacy. But at this moment in 2025, yeah 2025 Che gives Alexander is a better player than Kevin Durant player. Mm. And Kevin Durant is cold but Kevin Durant is 35, 36, whatever he is, he's old but Shaa right now is a MVP caliber player. So before y'all clip it and say Jeff dumb dumb Shaa is better than Kevin Durant. He's having a better year than he. I'm talking about right now in this year. Right now just think if KD was in a better home bro he in a group home right now bro.


He had a a solid foundation. Nah, if he was, if he was in OK Oh Co OKC was Sha and them they pride, whatever you wanna call 'em, they be lit. How close do you think those numbers are for this year? Like the, they stats four points off for kd. Right. Shit, it ain't about, oh I thought you talking about SG my fault. Nah, no it ain't about the stats. Nah, hell nah. It's the vibe. Okay. Like when K the value shit. Yeah. If KD go to KC, he's such a, like, Katie's such a like a legit score and like such a star that you gotta defer a little bit. Like Jalen Williams, he's not the same player of if kd, if kds they might get sucked up in the like praising him almost.


Yeah, but like who? Like Jalen Williams not better than Kevin Durant. Nah, nah. So when I get there and it's Shay and kd it's like you deferring Yeah that 18 points a game is going to 12, maybe 10 'cause 16 like 14, 15. And KD not even to kudos to kd. He not, he just a hooper. So he not even gonna try to take away from you but he naturally so fucking good at basketball that he gotta get to that you gotta defer to him like he's just that good and he's not, he don't even want you to defer to him. But he's so good at basketball. It's like how can you not defer to this seven foot guy just not this shit? You know what I mean? Like this seven foot guy that can do everything.


Yeah. Just go. So why don't I throw him the ball? He shoot right over Memphis, go to Memphis or Dallas or something. Don't come over fucking up our vibes. Now SGA and Jalen Williams SGA is a better player than Kevin Durant right now. Yeah. And you know what's crazy and Jalen Williams is not that far off of Kevin Durant. He is not a better player than Kevin Durant. No, but he is not that far off. Far contributor for that team fucker. Yeah. As far as okay. Nah he he's way off. I just need to pull. You think he's way off? Way off bro. Wow. Out for that team. Yeah bro. Now, now, So you think of Jalen Williams? I don't, I don't want us to get it fucked up. No, no, I'm asking the question. So that's Kevin Durant. If you, if you trade Jalen Williams for Kevin Durant, you think okay, C is a way better team with Kevin Durant and Shay than Jalen Williams and Shay and, and I keep Chet fuck yeah, we hard.


Oh if you keep Chet that's different. No, I'm not saying you're not hard. We're guns but you think smoke So you think Jalen Williams is for me, I think the Swiss Army knife that Jalen Williams is is a different thing. And Kevin Durant like KD can play a lot. Gimme Edward Sizzle hands. I I for that scene. Scene. I'm take him a nigga that's I think with Jaylen Williams as well right now. Okay. A seven foot nigga bro. Jaylen Williams is a great fucking player for sure. But if I can get KD for, for a swap with him. Oh bro. Yeah, I was gonna say if you can make that move of course you gotta make that move. Shit. I, I feel different just off the poetic Justin KD coming back of that team and winning the chipping. Okay.


Crazy. You gotta think about you gotta, you gotta think listen, you gotta think about the the morale. Mm. So it ain't no shade that KD shake KD is damn near one of my favorite players ever. Ah. Y'all know how I feel. Yeah but Shaa is the guy when Kevin Durant get there, even though Kevin Duro has no ego, he is just a straight hooper. It's still a pecking order. Like when KD walk in the building, KD is KD especially there. Yeah. Like what kd I just feel like the only reason why I don't agree with you is because he did it in Golden State.


Yeah but it's different step and nigga is still like was able to but it's different. Steph Curry is top five. You can walk in here and I'm still Steph Curry. Yeah but Shay's the best in the league though. Yeah but you ain't top five. Yeah. You talking about ever k about like kd, KD top five I think and I've been here before. I think that's the biggest point. He probably said if it wasn't OKCI would feel different but yeah the emotions time. But you, you lit. Hey hey you lit I won MVP here. You ain't won MVP yet. I won MVP here and if I come back here and get you a championship they gonna say that KD came back and got a chip. He said the check got the chip, I'm lit and that would piss me off my shit. And it ain't even, and Shay ain't doing nothing wrong but if you let k if KD come back and KD ain't no hater, KD is probably a champion.


That nigga being, I'm sorry if KDS healthy, I'm trading Jalen Williams. So nah shout Tom. I'm not just 'cause the vibes and, and I know kd, he a champion him being the the guy. Yes bro. Like KD go nigga I've been waiting for it nigga. That's why I went to Brooklyn. That's why I went to Phoenix. Ah nigga I need the book Bradley, bill Kyrie James, I need them to be you. Yeah, I'm coming to this bitch nigga this is yours but it is just luck can play with, he's so good for a caliber mvp nigga what I'm saying? He's so good. That naturally you gonna defer him. For sure. I'm hooping with the 40-year-old nigga. I like this both sides of the conversation. I can't wait to see the comments on this part but I I would love Katie to go back there but naturally for is lit naturally he gonna take a, like you gonna take a backseat to keep your number.


Nobody wears 35 anyway. You coming in good graces bro. Yeah, but naturally you gonna take a, like they vibe is so like college vibes, they childish. Yeah. Like, but everything is like college. Like we just wanna win. We fuck with all the reporters like after the game it's a swag, it's a team chemistry that you might break up. Jalen Williams comeback bro. Demand a trade force the head, hey listen, we'll stay tuned. But that's one thing if, if if Sam pre get the opportunity, that would be very interesting to see for sure. Nah, I I I wouldn't put stay with Jalen Williams over o over kd, KD older obviously if KD was 28, what if, if I'm business shit I'll keep Jalen.


I'm just saying if, if KD talking about to sell the team, if KD is 28, if I ain't Repercu I'm pulling the trigger, nigga fuck ain't gonna mad at me. Same shit. I mean I wanna ask you how y'all felt about the Clippers a little bit before we get outta here. I seen Kauai, you know what I'm saying? Showing Love. Is this now James Harden team? Is he not a franchise in, in la? Yeah bro, I kept this shit afloat bro. Is it his team? I think, I think it might be, you know what I'm saying? A little bit changing the guards in LA bro. It has to be James Harden team but the Koua got, he's the higher power. I mean don't give a fuck either. I mean he really, the, I don't even believe in the Clippers. I yeah know I love JHIA crazy move to the other day and I fuck with James Harden.


I think he one of the greatest players to ever live. I think he the third best two guard and there ain't no shade. I just think that's just what I believe. I don't gotta mention the ranks or whatever. I just think he third and but to be the head of the Clippers right now, who gives a fuck? Just like you said, but them contracts, boy people talking about the immediate, I don't think he, they got him a good deal. Don't, I don't even think he give a fuck. It's kind of like I know he don't, but I'm just saying bro, keeping this shit afloat bro. But like who? We could be the, we could be the Hornets my nigga, but like who gives a fuck like the confidence that he instills in MP too. It's crazy bro. I didn't give a fuck because a lot of people wrote him off.


Yes bro. I mean who, who Wayne Smart is the only nigga in the fucking whole NBA bro that can go from averaging 30 to 16 back to 20. He adjusts his game nigga depending on the team and don't miss the playoffs. Yeah, but if you, if you rode James Hardoff, you just ka I don't have that. Yeah you outta pocket, you just a bad judge of character scout, whatever. Like the nigga is so good at basketball. I told you nigga turned to a point guard when he went to Brooklyn. But that's what I'm saying though. He went from averaging 36 points a game to oh y'all want me to average 12 assists I can do that too. Like I don't like nigga said mis judge. I got James Harden, I don't even pay attention to him but I'm like the Clippers, who gives a fuck?


Like they, I love James Harden like shout pause. But like James Harden is one of my favorite players but like the clippers of our team would say who, who really gives a fuck? You hear say he went a Norman Powell jersey. He said he gonna rock it on the morning show. Like who gives a fuck? Yo you can rock that motherfucker, but who gives a fuck? And that ain't no shade to Norman Powell. Nah. Supporters Leonard but is just, just like who gives a fuck? Do anybody really care about the Clippers? Number six, they never said they were a gang back the Lakers, but do you care about the Clippers? Yes bro. Niggas is talking about the Lakers finding a center. We got the JaVale McGee, Dwight Howard tweet and Niggas is out. Did you see them outside together?


I don't wanna see them anywhere, but I'm just saying like they are tweeting and we give more fucks about them tweeting about the game without James Harden. They're a fucking nigga. James Harden is one of the players ever. But who gives a fuck that is fucking, we never gave a fuck about the Clipper since Lobster City. That's Kat We haven't even with Paul George Quad Leonard, he was supposed to win a cheer. Nope. No, nobody gave a fuck. I can't say that bro. They had, we had high expect expectations. I'll say you right now. That was one of the worst off season signings that we thought a lot of people did bro. Because K at first wasn't going to be there. He was going to be a liker. But some things didn't shake out. A lot of people don't mention that.


Yeah, yeah. But we was excited when he didn't like when they got all together. Who was it? Leonard. Okay. Paul George. Paul George should have wouldn't go play with LeBron. He shoulda went to Lakers. I still hate that K should went to Lakers. He shoulda Lakers. It was Paul George KW Leonard. Who was somebody else? Reggie Jackson. I'm saying but even when James Harden came in, it was Paul George James Hart and Kaw Leonard James took off the track. We we knew that shit wasn't gonna work. Nah, we all said it like, oh they, they lit. That ain't gonna work. Nah, I swear to God. I remember be here saying, nigga, we got pg nigga we got Kauai. And you was like, killers. Yeah, that shit ain't gonna work. Yeah. I, I I really didn't like it because how it went down like pg like you should have went to the Lakers bro.


Yeah, we, nobody was sold. And I think your, I think your career would've been different right now. Well nobody was sold on that team. We was just like, nah, it was fine bro. No we was, it was a fire. Two, three. No, we was like, it is hard. Like they got all these players but we didn't think they was gonna win. And my mom and then I remember when they got Westbrook last year we was talking about, I'm like damn they got Westbrook too. This shit crazy not gonna lie. They got one and then we didn't care. I had it in my head that, and I told Hagar them this, if Koala in goes to fucking San Antonio goes to Toronto and goes to fucking LA, he has to be a top five player of all time. Oh. If he want a ring with the Clippers? Yes. Oh. If he wanted a ring with the Clippers, he can go.


Yeah. So we never, I I ain't gonna lie bro. Bro, I never felt like he was gonna win a live a ring with the Clippers and that's just me. Yeah, but they, but I looked at they team and I'm like, I fuck with when even when they got done nigga, they had Lou will they had Pat be, they had, they had a whip. What's the nigga that used to dunk the ball all the time? Jones that played with Lou Will in the summer. Montre Montre. Nah bro Zoo. Yeah, they was signed. Now that one year where K Quad got hurt when PG was killing like that was they boss Promise shit. Yeah. I'm not saying they didn't have a good team, but I just never felt like they was gonna win. Yeah. Nobody thought that. Yeah, like I never was like, oh they, they about to win the chip. I'm like damn they hard.


The Clippers about to be lit. I don't, I I think y'all kind of asleep bro. I don't think niggas was treating that Clippers still like they was regular. Oh you should, you should seen how they was talking on the internet bro. They had a high regard because that's when the Laker hate really started. For real. Nah, a not that they wasn't lit, it was just like, I never thought they was gonna win no shade to pg. Like I knew Kauai could win but I never, I never seen PG win so I never was like, oh he about to win. I never seen, I know I had promises for PG because I'm like, I'm not saying PG wanted the coat could did it with the Pacers like he wanted the cos but I never was like, don't trigger me. I'm just saying I've never like, I never seen him get over the hump. So I'm looking at the West and I'm like bro you gotta beat out, you know at the west of Yeah, I'm y'all seen a little brother in y'all own arena?


Yeah. I'm like damn you gotta beat out them and you gotta beat out them. I'm like yeah. I don't know if the Clippers gonna beat out them like should get wicked for sure. But listen man, we had some good debates tonight man. Great basketball talk for sure man. Before we get outta here one more time for culture, love, respect. One time for the Hendricks experience. My brother appreciate you creating the vibes in the city. My man. This nigga really got me drinking. I squeeze it. Come on bro. February 23rd we back at it. We spending it back man. One time for Barbie. Happy birthday one time for the bottle girls for showing up. We appreciate y'all. We'll be back next time. Light share, subscribe, talk your shit. Barbie is not fired. Barbie's not fired. She just been on PCO So what, what Let her tell her story. Fuck her dms. We on her ass when she come back.


Somebody said she was fired. She she said that she been telling people she was fired. No. Barbie know we Barbie's a liar. Yeah, she ain't been now we got beef with Barbie. Yeah. So we can't wait till she come back though. Paton appreciate y'all. We gonna talk about Happy tell her birthday right? Yeah, it's her birthday's, her happy birthday. 45. Y'all see this? Y'all see this on what Monday? Yeah, they'll see this so her birthday Happy man send birthday. Yeah. A that you just do here the one. It's all good. I'm saying her birthday, it's today's Saturday. Right? Well it's Monday now. Don't worry, today's Sunday we locked in. That boy need take ass home now. Dude. Motherfucker they got me at ko. I fucked up. I ain't gonna lie. I'm I'm going straight to the cri. Hey we dedicated babe. We locked in another light. Oh. So today, Monday about drop today?


Yeah, a couple hours. You gonna see it live at 12. We appreciate y'all Bobby, who the fuck who you we out, we out The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skidder and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us, join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. And you will be glad you did.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad m RK here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason de Mers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on Le Tabla. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.