
What's the easiest choice you can make? Window instead of middle seat. Picking a vendor who sends a great gift basket, outsourcing business tasks you hate. What about selling with Shopify? Whether you're selling a little or a lot, Shopify helps you do your thing. However, you cha-Ching. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. From the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million orders stage. Shopify's there to help you grow. Whether you're selling scented soap or offering outdoor outfits, Shopify helps you sell wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/try. Go to shopify.com/try now to grow your business no matter what stage you're in. shopify.com/try.


I'm looking the Disney movie jump in 12 years old and I think, if I'm not mistaken, that was your first kiss. Yes, I was 12 and Corbin was 17. You know, Oh man. He, he be, he be in jail now. He going to jail. I experienced the same thing, you know, in another movie that I did where the guy was, I think he was, I was 17 and he was like 27. You like a older, huh? That's what Michelle said All my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the bro of ded. The all my life.


I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the bro of ded. The all my life. I've been grinding all my life. Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host Shannon Sharpe. I'm also the proprietor of Club Shehe. The lady that's stopping by for conversation on a drink today really needs no introduction, but I'm gonna give her one and is well deserved. She was a bonafide superstar before she could even obtain a driver's permit. She's been a leading lady since she was 11 years old. She's one of time magazine's most influential people in the world. She's the youngest actress to receive a SAG award for a nomination and a lead role.


She's the youngest talk show host in television history. She's the first black woman to star in her own show on Nickelodeon. She's the first black and the youngest to play Cinderella on Broadway. Wow. She's the first black and she win an outstanding host for a game show at the Emmys, the first black woman to host the MTV Video Music Awards. A passionate voice for the millennial generation, a multi-decade entertainer in the industry. A veteran multi-talented actor, singer songwriter, producer, director, host, dancer, TV personality, network executive voice author. Oh my gosh. Yay. Yeah. Podcaster entrepreneur. She's a boss. She's an all around entertainer. She's a pop icon. She's a feed mom, a trailblazer, trendsetter, an Emmy, and an NAACP image award winner.


She has over a hundred credits to her credit. Check this out. She's always booked, she's always busy. And of all the things that I mentioned, the thing that she's most proud of is that she's a mom. The one, the only, the incomparable Kiki Palmer. Oh My gosh. Now why? Just stop. That was so lovely. Thank you. Oh My gosh. Thank you for having me on the show. I love the show. Thank you. I appreciate that. I'm Excited to be here. I, and people say, well, Shani, you love to give people the flowers. I don't give people what they deserve. I give people what they earned. I know. That's, and everything that I read, you've earned that. Ah. So congratulations. I really received that. Thank you so much. Thank You. So we gonna toast some water. Okay. To all the things that you've accomplished and will continue to accomplish.


Thank you for coming on. Thank you. Ah, I love that. This has been a, a long, we met at the Webbys for the first time and I think it was in April. Yep. Yeah. And we try to like I would love to have you on the show. She's like, I'm gonna come. I would love Period. I love love Sha Shake. Yes. And here. And here we are. So I really appreciate it, Kiki. I understand that you're very busy, so I really appreciate your time. That's my pleasure. Let's get it right into it. Grew up in Robins, I think you were born in Robins, Illinois d Wade is from Robinsville. Yes. How much do you remember about your childhood and dreaming of this Kiki? So I remember a tight knit community who was always going to church every Sunday. Okay. You know what I mean?


My dad had become ordained, became a deacon by the time I was like, I think eight years old. Okay. I would hear my parents talk often about how they fell in love. They did a speech tournament, they took 'em to Louisiana. That's where they first had Popeye's. And then after that they kind of, you know, slowly but surely the dreams were deferred. They did theater at the Black Ensemble Theater by, with Jackie Taylor. Shout outs to her, which is still going on the Black Ensemble Theater. But it just wasn't something that they could ultimately maintain. You know, my dad started working, in fact in a factory job. My mother was a substitute teacher for mentally challenged children. And then we would just hear of these stories and I would always think to myself, that would be cool to be a part of that thing that it seemed to have made them so happy.


Right. Two parent household, obviously, and if I'm not mistaken, your parents, you mentioned it in theater, but they kind of gave up their dreams and passion to help you pursue yours after becoming a mom. And, you know, the sacrifices that you have to make. Do you understand? Are you more appreciative now knowing what your parents did in order for you to become who you became? I'm blown away by my parents and what they were able to do. And I talk about this a lot in my book in terms of, you know, we talk about like the, the, the sacrifices that parents make. But I don't think we often talk about the personal sacrifices that they make in their personal discomfort. Right. There's discomfort that we live in, you know, self-loathing or you know, not believing in ourselves.


Anxiety, depression, whatever. You may have it. And those are the biggest things that I think about that my parents gave up for me to do what I wanna do. And I remember this particular story where my mom, you know, we had to go do a movie. I did a, I got a role in a William h Macy movie called The Wool Cap. It was like my first big thing. Okay. It was in Montreal, Canada. And my mom told me later on, she said, I was so scared to go out there. I had, you know, I met your father when I was 19. We were together, you know, every, every ever since then. So to leave and be separated from him and go with you to another country, especially one that's different as Montreal, Quebec, you know, that's French Speaking French. Yes, totally. Yes. She said, I was so scared, but when I looked at you and I knew that you weren't afraid to do it, that made me say, well I gotta let this go.


And so it's the same for me. I found so much strength in things that I never thought that I could overcome because hey, I gotta show up for my son. And so I think that is the beautiful superpower of parenthood Being a parent and seeing how it is. 'cause a lot of, a lot of kids now grew up in a single family household, A single parent, excuse me. But knowing that you had your mom and your dad there, what was that experience like? That was all you, because that's all you knew. But was it like that in Robins with every, the most households had double Parents? No, it wasn't. And it's funny because me and my sister were kind of annoyed at that because our parents, we went because everybody else would be like, I'm gonna, my dad's this weekend, you know, I'm gonna, my mom's and I got two birthday parties.


We were like, damn, we only got my mom and daddy always stick together, always on the right page. You know, it was annoying to us a little bit as kids, but it definitely is something that I grew up saying. You know, realizing after the fact that that was important. Just seeing them stick together. You know? I don't know if it was just the fact that they were together or if it was the fact that they just agreed and were together. Like they maybe argued in the back, but when they showed up in front of us, they were united front and I would try to, They were united against y'all. They were United against us. And I would try to be like, well, dad said, or Well mom actually, why is she so mean to you? They would never break ever, ever, ever. And so that I really admire and it showed me what it was like, you know, to have real unity. Did you ever think about how li how different your life would have been had you not had the parents that you had?


If my parents didn't uproot their lives and move, you know, drive four days and three nights to California to help me to pursue my dreams. Yeah. I don't know. But, and the funny thing about, it's like, I don't know many parents that would do that. That was just their particular path. Right. And I think even if we take the dramatics out of that exact trip and this exact thing to be ke keep armor my parents, ultimately what they, what they did was show me that I had a choice. Right. And I would like to believe that even if I didn't become an entertainer, if I just stayed in Chicago, we stayed in Illinois, whatever we did, they were gonna show me in multiple ways that I had options because that was something that they didn't have. And I think that's also something that I learned and realized because there was a time period when I was a teenager and I was being exposed to so much that they allowed me to be exposed to.


That separated us for a minute. And I kind of did that thing that you do when you're young. You're like, my parents just don't get it. They, they just don't understand. But I am who my parents would have been had they had the opportunities that they gave me. You know? How much are you like your parents? I'm just like my parents I think in every way. So my dad, he is super funny. Likes to make jokes on himself. Always like to be the life of the party. Encouraging people, you know, I think I love to be a service in that way. That's where my sense of humor comes from. I wanna make people feel good, feel good. Especially in these times. I've leaned more in my humor in, in terms of the arts because I feel like that's what we need to laugh. My mom is very like, disciplined.


She's like, this is what you gotta do. She's committed to what she's said she's gonna do, she's gonna finish it the whole way through. Also very dramatic, honey, I will give you a scene whether I'm on stage or off stage, you know? So I feel like I'm a lot like them. I don't know if I'm, if I'm actually that different from them. I feel like I really am like them just in another, you know, age group, you know, genre. Right. You mentioned that, if I'm not mistaken, you filmed barbershop, you were still, you filmed, you came to LA after you had done the barbershops. That's right. That's right. Was that the moment that your parents realized like, okay, in order for her to reach her ultimate we're gonna have to uproot this family, we're gonna have to go. Yes. And they mentioned that. They would say that.


I mean, after I did barbershop, I think I also had did American Juniors, which was like fremantle's version of American Idol for kids. Right. And I got my golden ticket and I actually got to go to California. That was the first time we visited California. And my mom, I think she saw me going, you know, it's so funny, I'm not an athlete, right? But when I think about the NFL and I think about sports, it's very similar to being a child entertainer. There's a system, you gotta show up. You're working for a corporation. I mean, NFL is a corporation, right? You gotta show up, you gotta do this. And I think my mom saw when I was in American Juniors, when they put me through all the different things, singing, dancing, performing, she saw that I was like ready? And I was ready to take it seriously. And so that's what made them say, well if we want to have more opportunities, California may be where we need to go.


Right. And so it took some time, you know, but eventually they, they agreed and we went. Right. Your mom's, your was was is still your manager? Yes, Yes. She's did. Yeah. That's the only manager you've ever had, correct. Or you Had No, I've had actually had multiple different managers, but she's always stayed. I would like to think of it as, you know, my mom, you know, is a, was a CMO, now I'm the CM O. Okay. You know what I mean? But she started the Kiki Palmer brand and we've worked with other people very successfully, most successfully. Now my, my current managers who are, are. Awesome. So lemme ask you a question going on these auditions, obviously your mom is going on you with all these auditions. Was there ever a situation where you were like nervous or you didn't feel like you gave your best effort and your mom pulled your sign and said, Kiki, come on now, you better than this.


Yes. It was an audition for, are we there yet? Okay. Okay. I wanted to be in that movie. Too Bad. I was like, okay, this is Ice Cube. I just did the barbershop. Like I got to get, are we there yet? And I knew when I did the audition, it just wasn't right. Something wasn't right about it. It just, I knew it didn't go well and I was really sad. And I remember having a conversation with my mom and I don't know if it was right after the audition or if it was some time after that, we had spoke about that and she just said, you weren't ready. And that's something that my mom has always told me is that timing is everything. You just weren't ready. And that's okay. You know, it's kinda like what we say today, like, let me cook.


Yeah. I had to keep cooking. Right. You know what I mean? Right. Like, I need, you know, and I think that's the thing is like, you have so many good experiences up until, you know, I was getting, I got barbershop too and then I think I got like a little, you know, a picture thing, you know, for Scholastic or whatever. And I was booking stuff and I was feeling good. But there're always those things that happen to let you know, like there's still other levels you gotta grow through and learn from. And in order to do that, you actually gotta lose some Right. To win some. Right. And yeah, that's what I remember that already there yet. But then it's funny 'cause I ended up doing a, a few years later, right. I ended up doing the long shots. And it's a funny story with the long shots that I did with Ice Cube is originally they gave me the part right out and then Fred Durst became the director and all of a sudden they gave us a call.


We've been, had been working on this movie for a year. They were talking about this movie with me and him. Oh, oh. And he was like, I don't want her. And I was like, dang, that's crazy. Like how quickly they can just move you off of a movie. So I was just like, you know, I was kind of down down about it and then like, maybe six months, five months past they said, it's not working out with the girl. We need Kinky. And I was like, this is crazy. But again, it's one of those moments where what's for you? It's for you. It's for you. And that's what I always love to think of that story because even the director couldn't get me off that damn movie. And I probably can do better than you, you know, NFL you know. So would you, like, did you, like when you, because like you said, you gotta take some Ls in order to get the majority of the wins.


That's right. Did you ever become disillusioned? Did you ever look, damn, maybe this ain't, maybe this ain't for me. Oh yeah. I definitely have. I remember after I did True Jackson VP, my TV show, I was about 17, 18, like that 17, 18, 19. It was really hard because you're kind of too old for the kid roles kind of. But then you're also too young for the old, for the grown. Oh, exactly. And I remember having a conversation with my mom and I was just like, man, this is, this is tough. I don't know how I'm going to transition this over. Like, I don't know how I'm gonna move past this. And she said, well, you, you know, we can end this now. You can take the money that you have.


You can go to college, study something that you feel, you know, excited about, or you, or you can push through this. Right. You know, you can push through this period and get to the other side in your career. So it's really the conversation of stay a career person or go to school and try to really start something new maybe, or take a pause. And I stuck with my, my career. I think I found a lot of freedom in the digital era, you know? Yes. Producing my own content, you know, shout outs to people like King Batch, who really helped me in that era as well. Like learning how to use it right to my benefit, tell my stories. But it was a really tough period and I just, what it is, is that you just don't know what to do. Right. You don't know where to go, what to turn because you're kind of creating your own blueprint.


And I was desperately not trying to be stuck in the same traditional system that really didn't always have a place for me. Right. But once you got into the, the movie, the television and things like that, was there ever really a thought of being anything else? I know your mom said, well, babe, you can stop here and transition and go and do a c co college, the collegiate thing, and then become a, have a be a career person or you can continue on. But it would be hard for me to believe that. 'cause like, once I started playing football, football was it, it wasn't nothing else that even entered my thought. Yes. So did it even enter your thought that you could be something else other than what you were No. The track you on? No, I didn't. But you know what's so funny is like at the bottom of it, there is always something that is bigger than what it is on the surface.


Like, I love entertainment, but really I feel like I'm a social scientist. I like people. Yes. I'm curious of people. I like to tell stories of humanity. I feel like we all are so alone here. And I like to talk about the fact that we never want to talk about it, even though that's the One thing we could relate on and create a community out of. Right. And so as I, you know, you have to have enough experiences to have the clarity around. So that's why I love this. You know, I'm sure you have the same thing. Like you probably, I don't know what it is, but like, there's probably a bigger reason why you love football that speaks to all the other things you do. And that's how it was for me. But I didn't know that. And 18, 19, and that was a part of the struggle, was that external validation of, I'm an actress, I'm an entertainer and, and this is who I am. But no, no, that's just one of the things I do.


That's, and also I don't really do it for that. I do it for something else. What is that deeper thing that I do it for? And that was the, that was the living that I've been having where I'm able to now be able to speak to it in a way that I, I just couldn't then I didn't have the experience.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Score big with Draft King Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction Boyd in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Before you, your, you, your family relocated to LA obviously you doing some of the things that you were doing in that, that community. How was it, what was it like for you in school? So, you know, at first, so in, in my school experience, I was from what, kindergarten, preschool, kindergarten, up until maybe like the fourth or fifth grade. First I went to a private school and that was kind of tough, you know, because Illinois, a lot of people don't know. It is quite segregated, you know, and I grew up in a town, my town Robbins was like all black town. Like, I mean, I went to Catholic church and it took me years to realize that all Catholic churches wasn't full of only black folks. Right. You know what I mean? Yeah. If you went to my church, you would probably would've thought we were Baptist. Right.


And so I didn't have that initial experience of what it was like to, you know, kind of have that weirdness of racial discourse. And so it was weird for me a little bit in that private school that was, that was a tough thing to be the only black kid in my class. So I had a different experience there than I had when I went to public school, which was a little bit more diverse around the time I was about seven. And there I felt like, you know, I had a, I was voted for president, you know what I'm saying? Like I, I felt like, I felt like, you know what I mean, you know, felt a little bit more like I had an opportunity to kind of be myself and I was embraced. Yes. But it was short lived because I mean, I started acting at nine and then we moved to California when I was 10. And at that point I just was homeschooled. Right. So I didn't have any real school experience, although I will say, as we all know, school, high school, the, the middle school, all of those dynamics play out even if you ain't in school.


Right. So I experienced them in in in other ways. That's interesting because you're like, you were homeschooled since you were probably 11, 12. That's right. 11 to 12 being homeschooled. Do you ever miss out like, man, I would would've liked to being in first period and, and things like that. Do you ever ever think about Yes. What it could have been, you still who you are, but still have the experience of going to school? No, I thought about it all the time. I so desperately once know what it was like to like, have a fight in the hallway and be like, they ring the bell and we go. And, and I think that's also why I loved acting because it allowed me to be things that I couldn't be or that I wished I was or that I hadn't had the experience of being. But yes, I, as a kid, that's, I wanted nothing more than to know what it was like to have experiences outside of being famous.


You know what I mean? I think that Fame thing even made it more difficult for me to have authentic experiences because, well, once you've perceived me, it's hard for me to introduce you to something new. And so that was really tough, especially when I'm trying to engage with my community that now sees me as an outsider at times because I'm, you know, seen in this privilege. Right. But when you, like you said you introduced them, but someone's perception of you might not be who you are, but how do you change that perception of them, of you? How do you get them to change that perception of you to them? Because that's what I mean, you see this song, you see me as, as this actress and this, this and this entertainer, but I'm, I'm more faceted than that.


Yeah. I think that for me, I try to focus less on changing their mind and more so on being objective about how I want to get my message across. Okay. My criticism is to self, my criticism isn't to trying to control or change how other people perceive me, but it's about, do I feel like I got that point across if people feel it or not. That's, that's up to them how they're gonna perceive that. But do I feel that I've done my best and how I wanna show up for myself, am I speaking and using language that I feel like represents me to the fullest? If I'm doing that and I feel good about that, that's really all I can go by because you really can't control other people's perception of you, but you do have the autonomy to show up how you wanna be perceived.


Gotcha. You shot a Disney pilot pilot that didn't get picked up Kicking Jamal, Did you like man, oh man, whew. I and you, I, because I'm pro I'm thinking, talking to you and listening to you, a very confident person. You believe in Kiki. Okay. But when that didn't get picked up, what did that do? What did that do to you mentally? You are like, damn, I just knew this was gonna be, this is gonna be my big big break. What did I think? I don't wanna go back to that moment and really tell you what I thought. I think I was down and I think I was surprised.


'cause like you say, I've always been quite confident, but it's weird because I've always had this relationship with myself where there's a voice inside my head that was say, well, hey, they up. I don't know what that is. I wish I could, I wish I could describe what that is, but like, when things didn't go my way, and maybe it was the, the encouragement of my parents, or maybe it was the relationship that I had with self growing up, you know, when you pray as a kid and stuff that's fostering also the personal conversation with yourself inside. So I don't know if I just was comfortable with that and just decided to have a positive look on things. But when I was younger, a lot of times before I hit a place where, yeah, it was tough and I, it was hard for me to tell myself something positive. Most of the time if a movie or a role or something, I, I would say, Hmm, they've made a big mistake.


Or Wow, so where am I going now? Because I know if this isn't it, God has something else for me. I don't know why that would be that way, but I just would think, well, you're not going to take away gold and gimme silver. I do love silver though. Then you get the role Maya's family reunion. Yes. Do you remember auditioning for that? And how did that role come about? You know, it's so funny, I didn't audition for that at all. I actually had did a key B with Lionsgate. Wow. Okay. So we had already done a key Linda b and they were figuring out the distribution when that movie was gonna come out. In the midst of them doing that, Tyler Perry, they had did a big screening for Keah to be a Alliance gate. They were so excited about this movie. Right. So they did a big screening and one of the people that were in the screening was Tyler Perry.


And he was doing what Dia family reunion. And randomly they said he's doing Dias family reunion. You know, my family, we were huge fans. We were, I remember before I became an entertainer sitting up at my Uncle Ronald House Okay. On my Auntie LAN's at the couch watching the plays little television. And we was watching the plays. Okay. So I was like, oh my gosh, Tyler has called us. And they were like, he wants you to come and do a table read. So we did the table read. The next thing you know I got the role. I'm in Atlanta shooting Madeas fem reunion. Wow. It was crazy. That was crazy. Your big break though was really a key in to be for sure. That was the movie that put Kiki Palmer. Okay. Yeah. She legit. She legit. Yeah, she legit. She she is. Yeah. The, the, the, the, the kid that was doing the roles and all that.


No, she's a bonafide. She, she's someone that's gonna be reckon to be reckoned with. Not only now, but moving forward. What was that role and how did you like, I mean, you played it. Oh My gosh. You you you did. You did, you did the thing. Oh, thank you so much. When I think about that movie now, I mean my mom was so like, I remember we were in the room, whatever, and she was like, oh yeah, I got this new script they want you to audition for. I'm about to read it. It's called a killing. The Be it sounds like an animation, but we'll see. So she, I remember her, it was my mom is so dramatic, like I'm telling you, she comes out the room, You have to do this movie. Wow. I'm like, mom, please, like, it's too much. It's sometimes Sharon is too much.


And she's like, I'm telling you, We need to do a tape read of this as a family. So she had us all doing, I mean my dad was playing Javier, you know what I'm saying? I only had to play Aquila. She was playing the mama, my sister was playing Dr. Ry and we all ready. And at the end we all were like, Ow I have to do this movie. Wow. We were all, and we just felt like it was, I think it's everything that we, that we care about. It's about community. It's about the beauty in our community and it's about words and language and how it's very spring freeing. Especially when you think about a young black girl being able to express herself through words. Yes. And, and just the history of who we are as a people and how words often were kept from us.


It has so many deep layers that I think we don't even have to say. We just feel intrinsically. And I just think about the scene where she says, I don't need help from a truculent. Super silly is guard a dictatorial truant, super silliest garden. It's like knowing that she was not only able to express ourselves with those words, but also embody what they meant. It is so freeing. And then poker or two, the fact that that was her final word and it means beautiful. And it was the one word that she was struggling when she did not know how to accept herself in her community. But at the end when she realized that her community was love and they were beautiful, even in all of what they experienced as a grown woman mother, now I get why that movie was so impactful.


You know? And it's, it is the gift that keeps giving. You know How when you shot that movie, how long afterwards did people forget that your name was Kiki and call you Akili? Literally, people still to this day call me a Kiki. I come up to me and be like, Kala, Kayla. Or they'll be like, stop popping that gum. That still is the most popular thing that people do when they see me. Right. Literally. You mentioned Tyler Perry and you've been in the Madea family reunion and I've heard a lot of women say, Tyler Perry has paid me more money than anybody else in Hollywood. Her Taraji say that I heard Megan. Good say that. I heard a few other women say that. Yeah.


When we talk about the, the pay disparaging, not just from men to women, but from white women, black women. Yeah. Even Viola Davis, the incomparable, she got a ego. I mean she got 'em all. Yeah. Has said that the pay that she receives and no one is more accomplished in than she is. Why do you think it's so hard for Hollywood to accept a Taraji, Kiki, Viola, any of 'em? Megan Good. And see them as they see their counterparts. 'cause they don't have to, I mean, I, it's a terrible thing, but I think for me, the biggest thing that I think about in those regards is like, how can we come together and how can we do our own things?


How can we show up for each other more? You know, a lot of times the, we have these actors that come out on the front line and they're talking about this, and then no one goes to see the movie that don't help Us. Right. You know, the comments. We need the million seats in the theater. Yes, yes, yes. If you really care about me not getting paid. Right. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Show up, watch the movie show through the numbers that there's an audience for this. But it's one of those things where I, I feel like I'm in a place in my life, and I, and I talk about this in my book, where it's like, I cannot change all these systems and I'm, I'm also, I don't wanna keep telling the people that are literally benefiting the least to stand out there on the front lines and lose jobs. I mean, I have so many friends and people in this industry that, that are losing jobs, fighting for something that they aren't even directly benefiting from.


That I then just wanna turn around and say, let's come together. Let you know. I know that feels cliche, but like literally that's what it'll take is to come together, figure out how to create a system that can continue to feed itself within our community. And that's, I mean, it's not easy to do that. Right. You know, one of the only people that I think has ever done something like that is Tyler Perry. Tyler Perry. Right. And that's why I continued to give him his props, because it's not easy to step away from a corporation. He did the first few Madea movies with Lionsgate and then Dec decided to do them on his own. And people said whatever they wanted to say, or it is not, this is not that. Okay. Well, he was figuring out the numbers so that he could stand on his own and that he could do it the way that he feels it should be done. And I just feel like that we should encourage each other to do it, to try to do it that way.


Because you're not not gonna be able to change something as it stands. Right. But you can change yourself and how you work in it. Right. I'm looking the Disney movie jump in 12 years old, and I think, if I'm not mistaken, that was your first kiss. Yes. So that was, how did that go over with your parents? Huh? So, you know, I, it was actually a big thing for all of us because I was 12 and Corbin was 17. Right. You know. Oh man, he, he be, he'd be in jail now. He going to jail. So that was very, you know, weird. Yes. And he was such a brother vibe to me, even though Corbin's adorable. It's so cute. You know, we all loved the, the hair. Right. It was like, that wasn't the relationship we had.


And so I remember I had had a call with my agent and I was like, you know, you know, I I, I, I'm scared about this. This is weird. And she was like, well, you know, making good had to kiss Samuel Jackson in Eve's Bayou. So, and I was just like, huh. I, I start, Why would that make My sister What I supposed to do with that? Yeah. That's me. I've heard. That's me. Yeah. I feel like She, that was weird too, too. You know what I mean? And I don't really know what to make of that.


Right. You know, it's, it's like this is our craft. Right. This is our art. I think there's a weird thing that happens with kid entertainers where we have to literally disassociate so much Yes. As, As, as, as, as an adult would in the workplace in ways that's not normal or Common. Correct. And to tell these stories, and I don't really know what to make of it. But what I would say is, what I've always said to my mom is that I wish that there was more therapy for kid entertainers on, on, on set. You know what I'm saying? Like, I wish there was more people to help them process. And you know, of course they have, you know, what is it? Intimacy coaches and they talk things through, and I'm sure that's the experience of any of these kinds of situations. But it still is hard to differentiate from is this my real life experience or is this someone else?


Right. And yeah, it's, it's weird. It's just like a, a thing, you know what I mean? Where, you know, I, I experienced the same thing, you know, in another movie that I did where the guy was, I think he was, I was 17 and he was like 27. You like, I'm older. Huh? That's what Michelle said. Oh. Oh no. My goodness. Come on Kiki. Come on Kiki. It's too soon. I didn't. No, I didn't. No, I didn't. You been waiting for that? You been waiting for that? It is too soon, Kiki. Oh my goodness. They Don't call you hunky hunky for nothing.


See, I did not expect, oh lord. Okay. The scene. You were 17. He was 27. Yeah, I did. Very weird. I did a glass. Go ahead. Go ahead. Pour it up. Can I get a glass man, Kiki the, oh Lord, I verse It. But yes, it's like the, the, the, the age differences and all that stuff. It's a, it's a, you know, it's a thing. I just remember, you know, I got off that call, I'm thinking about a jump in and Corbin was like talking to me, holding my hand, being a sweet person. And the kiss was like five seconds. It was, but that, but the, again, just the, the art of being an entertainer and being a child.


Right. It's a very difficult thing to process all the time because you're dealing with really big adult things and Yeah. You know, It, when did you realize that, okay, this is a job I'm acting, this is not truly what it is. How, how soon were you able to delineate between the two? Well, that took some time. That took some time. I would like to say I didn't start, there would be an element of method acting. I remember I was doing Joyful Noise with Queen Latifa and she had seen, me and my mom were getting ready to do this crying scene. And me and my mom would do this thing where we would talk and we would have to pull from, I'd have to pull from like my life or thinking about dark things about my life because I had not had yet really enough experience to understand how to draw correlation between me and my character.


And I think that was really like a heavy way to go about getting to the emotion because it would be impossible to create delineating factors between my life and my characters. Right. But I think as time has gotten, you know, more, I've had more experiences in my life, I've been able to recognize myself in my character without thinking that I am my character. And I've been able to separate myself in other ways. You know what I mean? Like, I think I moved away from California for a while that helped me. I remember when I did Broadway for the first Time, right At 21, that was kinda like the first time that I ever experienced a lot of time away from California, which is very much a industry bubble a lot of the time.


Right. And I experienced other worlds like, oh, everybody doesn't care about what I do in New York. I'm like, some people are into Wall Street, some people are into fashion, some people into theater, some people are into, you know, there's so many other things that people are interested in. And I think that also helped me too, to understand what it means to step outside of one particular space and that I'm not what I do, this is just something that I do, that I do. Is there any type of scene that even now that Kiki would be unwilling to do? Would you do like a nude scene? Or would you do like I say, yeah, Those I'm not in, I'm not into that, you know, like, you know, giving you just, hey, we titties out. You know what I mean? I dunno about that. You know what I mean? I dunno. I just don't feel con, I don't think I'd feel confident in that to really go ahead and do that.


I'm not mad at the love scene, but it's like, what kind, what kind of choreography are we doing? Right. You know what I'm saying? But you know, other than that, you know, I'm open, but yeah. I'm not into nudity. How now that you are a mom, does that play a role into it? Into the roles I wanna take? Yes. Okay. And I think before I was a mom it was my parents, my family, my community, what I wanna represent. Okay. And then it's become even more my son. My, my, my, you know what I want him to see and know. And that's not stringent and rigid. Right. I, I think mothers and women are nuanced. It don't mean, well I'm not doing, you know, all these rules now, but it's just like, how will I speak to him about it?


Right. Is this something that I can stand behind? Right. Things like that. Okay. So Nickelodeon True VIP the fourth highest paid child star on television. How did that role come about? Mm, so that role came about in the whole little kid's network of acting. My mom was on the phone, somebody called her. Somebody called her. There's a role. Okay. Characters called True. Jackson VP. And Kiki need to audition for this. And so the, the creator, Andy, Andy Gordon, he was like, you know, I didn't know that she did comedy. 'cause this is kind of, you know, this guy came from like, just shoot me.


Like he's done a lot of like sitcom, you know, comedy, adult comedy. And so he was coming to, you know, kid television, which a lot of people like him were doing at that time and really making it amazing. And he was like, I didn't know, you know, I only knew her from Akah Debi. That was a really dramatic work. I didn't know that she had a sense of humor. So we had a lunch with him and then I think I did, I got on tape for it and the next thing you know, I got the role. Wow. And I was like, oh wow. It made me think about the Disney thing. And I was like, wow. So it was gonna happen. It just wasn't time. Right. And it was a whirlwind. Like I thought, I feel like I was popular then. You know? And a lot of times people think about a Kely a b and they don't remember it in real time. Like in real time a Kelya Bee bombed.


It wasn't like a movie that did good in the theaters. Like nobody really went to see it. Right. People didn't understand it. They didn't understand the name. Like it, it did, you know, it was not really a success to be honest with you. It wasn't until DVDs, you know, and people buying the movie after the fact and people hearing about it and were getting around that it became popular. So Aquila Debe became popular over years time, years. But whereas True Jackson VP Honey, once that hit the air, it was up and it was stuck. Right. You did Four Point, it premiered 4.8 million views setting a record for Nickelodeon's largest audience for a live action premier. How did you handle that kind of success? Because like you said, you had been in other roles, but you had never had this, you are a lead and to have this level of success.


Yeah, I was traumatized straight up because It was just like nothing felt real anymore. And I didn't know how to say no a lot of the times because everybody wanted something from me. And, and there's like this, there, there's this validation that they're looking for me to approve of them or they expecting this from me. Whether it be fans or even friends, even family. I didn't wanna let anybody down because now they're putting me up on this hill and I don't even see myself there. But anything I do or say can hurt their feelings. So now I don't know how to have boundaries for myself. And then I'm a kid, so I gotta stay in a child's place. And it was just really a lot for me to manage.


And then I'm making all this money and you know, so many people are trying to take me from my parents. And I know that sounds so crazy, but it's true. You know, you have all these people that are making money off of you and they telling you, you know, what's best for you and that your parents don't know. And I remember feeling really burdened by that because I love my parents, you know? And I just felt like, well damn, am I in trouble? You know, am I what's gonna happen to my career? It was just so stressful for me as a kid. I was really under a lot of stress. You mentioned that there, there are people coming in trying to say, well, you know, ooh, I can take you so much further than what your parents taking. Yes. Did you ever think that, damn, are my parents really holding me back?


Could I be bigger than what I actually am now? I didn't know why I needed to be bigger, I guess. Right. Okay. I'm been just thinking to myself, what, what's, what am I missing? Right. I was happy. My family, we came to California for me to pursue my dreams, I got my own Show. Right. So everything is going according plan. Honey, my parents at their best made $40,000 a year growing up a year. Yeah. I was making that a show. Whoa, go ahead on that. So I was like, this is unbelievable. We're happy we didn't come into this for money. We came into this for love and look at what we've been blessed with. So when they were doing that, it just was confusing to me.


And as a child, I just was afraid that it would all go away. Because then what? Now we're going back to Chicago and if I don't keep working and if I don't listen to these people or if I don't like what, what happens then? And so I was just very often scared. I had a lot of anxiety and I didn't have anybody to talk to because my parents didn't understand that. Right. And then they're also afraid because they see what's going on and now they don't know. Now they checking me and I'm like, I don't need to be checked. I don't like them people. Right. We on the same page, y'all. You know. But it was like we couldn't communicate and it was a really terrible time for me. You making all that money, what you buy, you buy something really, you get something crazy. You get something crazy. I remember the most thing I did, I used to love Netta Porter.


Okay. Net. Like the little website online. Okay. I used to just buy a bunch of clothes, you know, bags and stuff like that. I was just really into the fashion. Then, especially with the show, True, Jackson, VP, everything was just about fashion all the time. So I just remember always shopping. That was the main thing. Then I bought me a little Apple computer, you know, nothing really big. Right. Just little regular stuff that, you know, I think any kid wants. How much access did your parents allow you to have to the money? Because we hear all these stories. Yeah. The child actors, they have, they make, they have these hit shows and they're making tons of money. And by the time they're 17, 18, they got nothing. Yeah. So my parents got me a business manager when I was 12. Oh wow. And they wanted me to know that they, they weren't the ones controlling my money.


They had heard these stories and my mom said, I don't want money to come in between me and my child. And so, you know, Cogan, that, that, that Coogan account is set up because a young man, I forget his full name, but I know his last name is Coogan, his parents stole his money. So they made the Coogan account right within our industry to help kids have some money. It's like 10% I think, or something like that. And so we, that, that always was there regardless of anything else. And then on top of that, you know, my parents rationed me out an allowance, but they also rationed out my older sister allowance as well. You know, and I think the thing about it, somebody could say, okay, well that was your money. Yeah. But we a family and everybody sacrificed for me to be where I'm at. My, my dad gave up his pension. Okay. Yeah. Worked at the company he worked at for over 15 years.


Gave up his pension for me to have opportunity for my dreams. My mother, they gave up everything. She gave up everything so she could travel with me, give job and do what she needed to do with me. So how I feel about it is, what's mine is is theirs, what's theirs is mine. Right. And I would do it again. I would give up and sacrifice 20 more years right. Of my life working in this industry so that I could provide and we could have the business we had today, Kiki, you know, it's not normal that a child is the provider for the family. Normally it's vice versa. Parents, father, mother, sometimes the father work. I can have A tissue. Yeah. Look at my bag. Go ahead.


You keep going. No. So normally that's, that's not normal. Normally it's the father. Sometimes you have a dual parent, then both work. But as a child you are the, the provider of the family. Yes. Did you realize what was on Kiki's shoulder? Yes, I did. And I wore like this Mark Jacobs runway. I wore like a armor. It's okay. You did amazing. I would do it again for my family. That's why you did it to begin with, For community.


And I think that is the thing, you know, life is a lonely place. It Is. And when you have your family, and if you are the one, then you are the one. That's it. That's the way it was. And now, you know, my sister could go to FMU and she had to worry about nothing. Okay. She got to live and do what she wanted to do. My same thing for all of us. We get to do things that we weren't able to do. And I wasn't the only person that sacrificed. But yes, a lot of it was on me. And it's just one of those things where I feel like I could be sad, but why?


Look what I gained. Yes. I gained so much more than what I sacrificed Kiki. A lot of times when I talk to people, I said, people will write down their goals, what they want to accomplish in life. But very few people are willing to write down what they're willing to sacrifice to achieve those goals. You have a dream and you wrote down your goals, what you wanted to become, but you say, you know what, what I'm willing to give up, I'm willing to give up. Being a high school student, I'm willing to build, I'm, I'm willing to give up being a college student, I'm willing to give up what a normal 17, 18, 20, 20 2-year-old to accomplish those goals. Do you understand what that means?


Your parents, I don't know if they've told you how proud they are of you. I don't know if your sister has ever told you how proud they are of you, but they are. You know, my brother told me when we went to my sister's graduation, he said, the time was now and you were the one to do it. I don't know if you know, I don't know if you realize, but you changed our lives. And I was just like, you know, he was, I was seven when he was born. I'm a lot older than him. I never know how he's seen this or look, you know what I mean? Yes. I know. My brother used to tell his friends when he, you know, he was six, my sister's True, Jackson bp.


That's all, you know. I know that he thought of it, but he said, you know, whatever prayers that were prayed about us, whatever was done, whatever our ancestors did, the moment is now you, you've done it. You've changed it for the Palmers forever. And it's just like, man, it's crazy. And I think that, look, you can look at it as I'm Kiki Palmer, but I would, I would be, I think a lot of people have had this, we may not know their names, but people that's watching this, they done gave up stuff for they family. My dad and my mom, they gave up stuff for, for their family. Correct. My dad, he was, he was accepted to UCLA. He didn't go.


'cause my grandmother needed them. My mom had an opportunity to go to school at Julliard. She didn't go because my father needed her. They decided to do certain things for the community. And it was all paid back and then some. And I just, that's how I truly believe in things. I believe there is no reward without sacrifice. And sometimes that's hard for people to understand and accept. But there are many nights where I was lonely and I cried and I had nobody, there was many moments where I felt like I couldn't make it. I don't know what I'm going to do. But then I said, you know what, I'm here for a reason and I gotta, I gotta push through this. So I did. There are a lot of prayers that were said that you didn't even know he heard.


And that is facts. And I can see it in my life today when I see certain moments and things come up or certain opportunities that I'm having or you know, I told my mom, it's so different. There was a conversation where, you know, I would see fans when I was young and they would say, thank you. We love this movie, we love this movie. It's good, it's great. But now when people come up to me, you know what they say? What? Thank you for what you did for the community. Wow. We appreciate you. I'm like, Wow. It's almost like, yeah, y'all, you see my heart. You see why I'm doing what I'm doing? I did not ex, I don't expect that. But when I hear that, I'm like, damn, that's crazy. It really, it really touches me.


It reminds me of why I'm doing what I'm doing. You are one of the great success stories of a child actor. If there's anything that you could look, young boys, young girls that wanna follow in Kiki's footsteps, what's some of the advice you would give them? You can't change The world. You know, there's a great quote that I love with Mother Theresa. She says, no, great things can be done. Only small things with great love. So focus on what you can do on the inside with yourself.


You know, my book, master Me is all about self mastery, mastery of the self, how you move in this world, how you choose to show up and perform. How you choose to identify your purpose and how that informs the way you're going to perform and how that leads you to your power. That's what it's about to me. So I would say to lean into you, trust yourself. Know where it is that you feel safe, have a have, have, and create a community that allows you to flourish and encourage you, you to be your best and then be easier yourself. Take it one day at a time. Because I didn't know the blueprint I was drawing, but I trusted and had faith that it was gonna work out.


And I followed my heart. I followed what made me feel good, what made me feel happy, my sense of purpose, what drew me to something from a good place. That's what allowed to lead me. And so yeah, trust yourself. Because you know, at the end of the day There's a viral clip that's circulating what Justin Bieber says. He wished he could protect Billy Eish, Billy Eilish from the industry. But I mean, obviously he came up in the industry, extremely successful. You came up in the industry. What is it? It's because the kids are like, kind of like isolated, like a lot of times. I mean, I don't, like you said, your mom travel with you everywhere.


Yeah. But you know, I had Kale Mitchell here and I've had some others that, you know, sometimes the parents are not around and you know, sometimes, and, and, and kids are, they're vulnerable. They're easily taken advantage of. Yes. I think it's everything you said. Kids are easily taken advantage of. You can go all the way back to Judy Garland when they were pumping her up with drugs. So, I mean, it happens, and even if it's not the most extreme idea, it's still traumatizing. Like, I can't tell you that I, I mean, I've experienced some crazy things, but I can't tell you they were done when I was a kid on set. But even still, it was hard. Right? So I just think being a child and working in an adult world, it's a, it's, this is an adult business. There's nothing childish or kitty about showing up and working 20 hours a day, you know?


Right. I just don't think there's anything that can really prepare a child for that, because mentally they're not able to be able to understand that. And so there are some things in place, but like I said, I feel like there should be therapists. Right. And I seen an interview recently where Raven Simone was saying that on her show they do have that. So I just think there needs to be more things implemented to protect a child from a childhood that essentially they're being stripped of. Because the thing about childhood is you are allowed to be a a child, which means I'm allowed to cry and kick and scream. I'm allowed to have a bad attitude. You know, my son, we did Halloween pictures yesterday. He kicked and screamed the whole time. He can do that because he is a kid. But when people are there, because it's a business, you can't do that.


Right. You can't kick and scream. You're not allowed to be a kid. You're not allowed to say, I don't wanna do this. You're not allowed. You have to be an adult as a seven, eight, 12-year-old. You Do. And that's why a lot of times people say, so and so seems so mature. They seem so well, they, they've aged the industry will age you. You know, sometimes I feel 50 because the way that I had to be objective about things, right. In order to survive the scenario, you know, it's going to make you more mature. And so yeah, I get that the statement because you, you know, everybody wants people to be able to enjoy their childhood, but as a child entertainer, You don't get a childhood, you get robbed of that home. No, you can't. You, you have to. There's no way to be a kid there. You just, it's not fit for that Nickelodeon scandal.


Quiet on the set. Your mom says some Nickelodeon says, were very well weird and cultish. Did you have any bad, did you experience any of that? I did not. I'm very grateful to God. I didn't experience anything like that. You know what I'm saying? I don't wanna make it seem like, oh, it's 'cause my parents was doing more than the other parents or something like that. Because I'm sure many these parents was doing their best. But my parents, they were really so strict on me. And a lot of times I feel like that's why I didn't get some opportunities or I don't even wanna say opportunities, but why some people didn't wanna work with me or, and if it, and it is not even that there was necessarily gonna be something sinister going on in a, in a sexual manner. But it would also be financial. You know, my mom, she would read those contracts. She would say, well this is the second year she needs a raise.


And they're like, okay, well she's coming. So instead of doing a third season, we'll over pack the second season so we can get three seasons and we don't have to pay her more. Right. And so those are the kinds of things that Sharon would do that I think she was just so alert that it would scare some people off that, you know? And yes, but she Wasn't gonna let to anybody take advantage of her poor child. She was serious about that. She really was. I remember, I mean she cursed a lot of people out. A lot of people out. She definitely did. I ain't raising no dummy. Y'all need to make sure she get her school. I'll never forget that's what she did on the, on Quila and the B set because they were, it was kind of, it was kind of starting to overwork me and she said, I'm gonna close the set down. She ain't got no school all day.


Y'all been, I ain't raising no fool. It don't make no sense for her to be on this set with this movie where they talking about a little girl learn how to spell and y'all ain't gonna let her read. Wow. And I was, I mean, as a kid sometimes that stuff would embarrass me. Yes it would embarrass me. But now it's like, woo, thank goodness. And she would tell me that, you know, later on that she was scared but she was just doing what she felt she needed to do to protect me. Right. So yeah, I feel like any of the, the crazy industry or hard things I went through, most of the time I brought 'em on myself as a young woman because as a kid Larry and Sharon were like, They was on it. They was on it.


Yeah. What are some of the best advice that men, women in the industry before you have partaken shared with Kiki? Oh, a lot of people have shared a lot of things with me. I remember I was on a set of the long shots with Ice Cube and I think I've told this story before, but you know, he was very cool, very chill. He didn't say too much a man, a few words, but very nice. And one day they were like, ice Cube wants to speak to you. And I'm like, okay. You know, so they called me into a room and his, he's like way far distant from me and there's some bodyguards and I'm like, what are we about to talk about?


You know? He's like, I just wanna tell you Kiki, you a beautiful young lady and I see how kind you are, how nice you are to everybody on the set. But I want you to know that you're growing into a young woman. And a lot of times the way that people see you, the way that these men see you on set, it's not the way that you see yourself. So protect yourself, be careful and don't let them take advantage of you know who you are and know what you have so that people can't use it against you. And I was just like, I didn't understand it. 'cause I was like 14 at the time and I was like, okay. You know? And I just said, okay, okay. And I go and he said, and I walked out. But that stuck with me and it was so important I think for him to say something like that to me.


Yes. You know what I mean? It's, he's a father, he's someone who has seen a lot in this industry. Yes. Especially with young entertainers. Right. And I always remember that and I was always so grateful to him for that. I haven't seen him since, but I would love to tell him that. That really stuck with me all these years. And thank you for Wow. For reminding me. Are there any roles that you turned down that you later regretted? I don't say that I would regret this one, but it would've kind of been cool to be in half Nelson. I remember they had reached out to us about that. My mom was so, you know, they've always been so particular about how I represent the community. You know, they grew, I grew up with them always talking about Ruby d, Ozzie Davis, you know, Muhammad Ali and just entertainers and how they use their, their platforms.


Correct. And so they were like feeling bad about the fact that I would go from doing Aquila and the B to being a drug dealer. And so that's why they weren't interested in that. But you know, obviously Ryan Gosling is a great actor and so is Sika pps. So it was a great movie. Of all the movies that you've done, which movie is Kiki Parer most identified with? Mm. That people identify me the most with Absolutely Keel in to be really people still to this day that is the movie. When they think about me. I mean, I've gone on the airplanes and people say, are you the little girl in the ke? And I'm like, yeah, that's crazy that you know that. So that's the one that I think people still think about the most. And then True, Jackson. VP.


Yeah. And then now, no. Have you ever gotten stage fright? Have you ever gotten up there and for forgot every word that you were supposed to say after knowing it backwards and forward? That happened to me once I was doing Broadway. And you know what happens is you kind of go like blank in your mind when you're doing so many shows like that. Right. Because, and you get used to the fact that I know what I'm doing and they rehearse you and rehearse you and rehearse you so much that you're like, I got this, and you can actually leave your body a little bit. Wow. One night I left my body doing a lovely night, a lovely night, and I was like, oh, what kind of night is it?


I was like, and Honey, it was the strangest thing because you know, I'm doing my dance and everything. And so I was like, I just stayed dancing and smiling, like literally I felt crazy. And now I looked down and I see the conductor and he's like, and he's mouthed it back to me and I suddenly got back on track, honey. I felt like I went and you know what they call it? They call it you go into the little white room, right? I went into the little right room and I didn't know how I was going to recover. Right. That was the scariest thing I ever experienced in my life. But who do you think the audience knew that you had lost your train of thought? I would love to have asked somebody. They might have thought we are choreography. You know, because I was literally like, like it was strange.


I went from being like, and it was just like, is she good? They had to have thought that. But once I got back in, I got back in and that was it. You know, it was spooky. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever PLA podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Sheha profile and I'll see you there.