
Hey. Hi everybody. It's Savannah Guthrie from The Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything, we wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list, your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today.


DU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But du funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use DU because they save you money. Du makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@du.com. That's OD o.com.


Good job. Thanks.


Hey, I'm Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes. And then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the fuck are you talking about you Insane Hollywood ass. So to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, extra beats lower above 40 gigabytes. C details.


Stay farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle These situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up. But not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me. But that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network


With the Lucky Land Slotts. You can get lucky just about anywhere. This is your captain speaking. We've got clear runway and the weather's fine, but we're just gonna circle up here a while and get lucky. No, no, nothing like that. It's just these cash prizes add up quick. So I suggest you sit back, keep your tray table upright and start getting lucky. Play for free@luckylandslides.com. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary. BGW Grove Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


The Volume. Alright, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Special guest in the building to my left. We gonna introduce my man's last, but to my far left, we got my dog, Bishop b, he out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty cool and nasty. Let's get to it. Another one. I already know it's about to be episode my boy got the towel on. Yeah. Getting a little hot. God damnit motherfucker and liquor in me getting a little spicy. Hey my lil, you got the all whites on. I know you watch the show. My man normally keep the all black forces with the white laces. Y'all rock them out in Cali man with the white laces all black, with the white laces.


Nasty. I'm gonna take care of you bro. Don't worry about all black forces are white. You just had a good game too. At the what's name I should have sent them then, but yeah, you should. For the Drew? Yeah, for the Drew. Yo. That's wild. He, yeah, you got on the perfect outfit. That's one of my typical outfits. They right there. That is uniform low key. It is the uniform. I got you though. What them 14? 13. 13. I got y'all. That's easy. That's light. It's on the way on the way. We'll get the Addy after this po for sure. To my right. My dog. Young Nacho, young T how you what man? I'm chilling bro. Hey, I am so excited. We got a oh nine Draftee in here. You know we got draft at the same time. I don't know how he's still playing.


I'm hating, but don't worry about it. No, I'm so proud of him though man. We go way back. So I'm geeked to have be a part of this episode. For sure. For sure. Man. Legend in the building. One of the code to touch a basketball professional score. Six time All star Future Hall of Famer. We got the man DeMar de Rosen in the building. Appreciate you sliding on this big dog, man. Appreciate it. I ain't gonna lie. I been even my partner tell you, like all the homies be like, man, you gotta go on, you gotta go on the show. You gotta go on the show. You know? So I'm, I'm hyped to be on here, man. To me, I, I call this like the, the hoops drink chance, you know what I mean? For sure. I always check it out. We always be laughing, sending, sending everything to the group chat. So I'm hyped to be on it for sure.


Sure man. Glad to have you man. Crazy order story. And Mike put it in the chat. We gotta start there. Be here with the, with the, with the throw back, man. The filthy what, what P Miller found him when Percy found him in Ton Baby Man. Where did he find you man? I know you baby, but there he put you right on a TV show right away, bro. Nah. How was that though, bro? What that even come about? Man, bro, it was, it was the most random moment ever because at the time I was playing a a u team.


So everybody who went to p Miller Ballers, we was on another a a u team before that. Okay. And that was like our last year. I think we had just one like nationals And. we was breaking up sponsorship and everything. So we was, we was all just trying to figure out what we was gonna do next. And all of a sudden, you know, we got word like Master P wanted to have a au team, you know, he gonna have tryouts at, at this high school show up. So in my mind I'm thinking like, all right, this just, his team, he, he not actually gonna be there. Yeah. You know what I mean? So we all show up to, to, to the high school p walk in, then Romeo walk in with him, damn like, alright, we gotta practice three man weave four man weave five man weave, And, we hoop.


So we doing that. So we just thinking it's gonna be a moment just that. So he was like, no, all right, same time next week. So it became a consistent thing. Like, oh damn, we about to, we about to play for P oh shit, he coaching too. Score. You know, we, we about to rock out and all of a sudden before we started playing, he always used to invite us to the house. So we used to go to his house, practice in the backyard, lifting weights at his house, in the gym. All just crazy shit that damn nobody ever, especially for me at the time, like I'm, I'm 14 coming from like Compton, we going to the house. He got tennis court, pool, weight room, got everything you need. Then at the same time we watching him record, make albums at the time Rome doing the Romeo show.


So it was like, it was a trip at, at that time knowing like, we about to play for this team and he about to be our coach. Was any other top dogs on your team with you? Yeah, Brandon was on that team. We had a, we had a kid named Gins. Yeah, gins was on that team. Oh, okay. We had, you remember Baby Shaq back in the day? Yeah. Hell yeah. He played on our, on on our team. So we, we had a lot of talent. Okay. You know, we had a lot of guys and you know, we, we, we just rocked out after that. Nah, that's hard bro. I had a, that shit was funny as fuck. Like, see you down, bro. Nah, like it, it was a trip, bro. Trust me. We had our own bus going to games. Nah, that's hard. That's fire. Like, we was like up, we was like on some like a and one type shit.


Nah, facts bro. We pulling up the whole gym waiting like it was, it was it You was in the spotlight early bro. Early bro. For real. Which is crazy 'cause I met him at a BCD camp. He probably don't even remember. I was just a, a young star buddy and don't even worry about it. I was just trying to make my way. I ain't had no scholarship offers. So I'm trying to do anything I could do to get a scholarship. Me and him aren't on the same team at a B, C, D camp. I'm gunning. I'm going to be a senior. I'm trying to get some offers. Yeah. Yeah. A year younger. I'm having a moment. I'm playing good, shining, doing my thing. I get a couple offers after the first day, like, yeah, well I got like 40, but just a couple, whatever. So I'm having a good day the next day.


P tap me on the shoulder, it's Master p I'm thinking he about to be like, yeah, you nice. So, you know, I'm like, he like, Hey my man, that, that kid right there can play. Give him a chance, play with him. He tell me a play. The dude, he like drive to the middle, throw it up, he gonna go get it. I swear to God I did that. I threw it up. Who he dunked it. I ain't get the ball no more. Coach bro. Every play, I swear everything I love bro. Every play for bro. He, he was killing. Yeah. I'm like, damn, who is this dude? And they like, he play for P Miller. I'm like, damn, I don't know nothing. I'm like, but damn he cool with Master P. Like I'm, hey, I'm thinking ice cream and shit.


I'm hate like fucker, but nah, that's what I knew. I seen him right there. Then to see him when we get drafted, I'm like, ah. Yeah, it is different. Did you play in the p Millers? Yeah. Out of fuck. I ain't lie. I played him. You know what's crazy Foot fa fucked up Now Listen, listen, it was a time I was playing in them so much. Right. And I don't think I ever talked about this. Romeo was trying to go to high school with me at Compton High. Right. We was trying to, I've never told this story, bro. I'm glad it's here. So, so Ro Rome, Rome was trying to figure out how to go to school with me at Compton High. So we end up saying like, we gonna get the whole team p Millers. We made 'em all blue.


Everybody had Blue P Millers. So Rome was like, you know, really trying to figure out how he could go to Compton High. So we meeting with the school, they was like, man, he'll just show up for games. He he'll get to work once a week, do the, do the work, all that. So we end up having like a practice. Like he came to my high school, had a practice. I'm talking about every gang member outside of the gym. Everything. We go hoop. Soon as we come out the gym, the principal's like, yeah, he, he, he not gonna be able to come here. Damn. It was like, he was really trying to go to high school with me, you know what I mean? Like, we was really like about to sponsor the school to wear p Millers and everything. But it ended up not working out and everything. But that was a crazy, it was a crazy time. 'cause especially at that time, like you talking about Lil Romeo going to Compton High, that shit don't even sound right.


Yeah. That would've been too much Hills somewhere. Yeah, he was supposed to go go on the beach somewhere. Oh God. That's crazy. Was he really like that though, in hooping? Yeah, he could hoop, he could hoop for real. Like he, he, he definitely, you know, Kahoot, you know what I mean? He, he definitely surprised if it was something he'd stick with, you know, you know it all come down to size at the, at end of the day. Nah, that's right. His little brother nice though. Yeah. Yeah. He the one. He the one. Yeah. Mercy Mercy. He gonna be the one that he going to Houston next year. But he definitely gonna be the one. Yeah. Yeah. He and what's so crazy is people forget like p made it to the G League type shit. Like yeah, he passed some and the crazy, but he used to hoop with us every day. Like he would come in hoop play for real damn near about to fight you.


Everything. Like, he playing like bully ball, shooting threes. Like, he, he, he used to hoop with us all the time. Nah, that's tight bro. Damn. That's fire. That's hard. A cold moment that you got to embrace early, bro. Nah, especially like the pick they got. Yeah. Yeah. Where they got do rags and Big, that's a far ass album cover look like Soulja Boy. That's your Oh God. Listen. But that was, that was at Avid video shoot, bro. That's even harder. You know what I mean? We used to, I ain't gonna lie. Listen no bullshit. I used to miss school to go to a video shoots. Whoever had a video. If he had a video of romance, I will miss school. Oh, that's even, that's the hard And be at the video shoot all day. 'cause we heard you, it's just a sidebar. We heard you rap. Yeah. Shout out to Dane.


Dane played that shit. He said you definitely got bars, so it might have started from there. So. Bet, bet for sure, man. But like crazy basketball origin, man. Going crazy in high school. Was it a no-brainer You was going to USC man? Yeah, because I, I didn't wanna leave home. What's crazy, I took a visit, I took a couple visits. I went to North Carolina. Mm. Damn. Florida State, Cal and somewhere else. I took like unofficial. But when I went to Florida State at this time, that's when all the hurricanes and shit was going on. Oh yes. So I'm out there.


I'm like, man, ain't no way in hell I'm leaving home. Like, I can't, I can't, you know what I mean? If this shit happened, I'm, I'm terrified. So Right. Once, once I seen that happen, I was like, man, I'm staying home regardless. Then I started looking at it on some real shit. I started looking at it like, man, if I go to NBA, it's a good chance. I'm not, I'm not gonna play home. So let me get, let me enjoy playing home one last time and shit. I do that and get my ass sent to Canada. Like, you know what I mean? Like, I didn't think I'd go that far, but, you know what I mean? But I, I wanted to stay home for the most part. Just for the simple fact that like, I wanted to be home one last time. For sure. I mean, you went to USA, it's craziest. You almost went to USCI did. Did you? I never knew that. Yeah. The year before. But OJ Mayo went and when I went on my visit, OJ happened to be there.


They forgot I was on the visit, so. Yeah. Yeah. You know how that go. It was just like, oh yeah, t come on here, we get you too. My pops was like, yeah, that ain't the place for you. But nah, it was fun. I ain't gonna lie. Keep it a real, it was a beautiful scenery. A nice usc It's a nice campus man. Did they have it set up for you when you went? Yeah, but I, I wasn't tripping on nothing 'cause I was home. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, I, I didn't even trip on whatever it was you could show me. 'cause at the end of the day I was home. I was in my comfort already. So I wasn't even tripping on what you could show me. I'm looking at it like, let me do this six, seven months and I'm gone anyway. Ah, okay. So you already had a projector in your mind. Yeah, I was out. I was, I was gone before I started.


You still, that's hard. You Yeah. Respectfully. You was like the number three player in the country. So Yeah. So I was Yeah, you was on that list. Yeah, I was, I was, I was gone. Who was you battling with in high school? 'cause I was a year older, so I'm not even sure who was battle. Yeah. So our class was crazy because we had Tyreek. Okay. Tyreek was, was the man, Brandon was the man. Drew Hol was the man. So we, we had a solid class of like, from that wing position of dudes that was dogs. You know what I mean? So that's three. That's in Cali. Right there. Right there, right there. You know what I mean? So just in our state alone, like it was, it was, it was, it was a lot going on just from that competitive standpoint. So, I mean, we had, we had plenty of other dudes like Scotty Hobson.


Oh yeah, I know Tennessee. Tennessee, yeah. Yeah. We, we had a, we had a lot of dudes, man, that, that, that had a chance that, you know, either injuries or whatever it may be. But at the time, high school it was, it was, it was a dog fight. Yeah. I thought Scotty was going to the league. I, yeah, me too. Me too, bro. On bro. Oh damn. Shout to Scotty. And for us, we always big up Indiana, especially nap town hoops. 'cause we had a lot of kill the time. But like, we look at it now, you talk about them areas. Y'all, y'all had the real ones that oh 6, 0 7, 0 8 class. Nothing but all pros in the city. Yeah. Thing about the year before it was James Harden. Yep. It was like Russell Russ. Like, we, we had like some, some, some dogs.


We had a couple years where it was like, it was, it was, you look at it, it is. Come on. You can't deny it. Like outta California. Even just southern California at the time. It was crazy. Did you ever come across them though? Like in high school? How that shit work? Yeah. Like I played against, I played against Drew. I've been playing against Drew ever since I was 11, 12 years old. Okay. He was the first, he, he was the first person I ever played with. I, how I learned the word Amber Dextrous. Yeah. I learned it from Drew Holiday. Okay. 'cause somebody was like, man, he, he, Amber, he could use both hands. Like how he play now is how he played when he, when he was 11 years old. Damn skills. Smart, crafty, defensive. Like defensively could all over the floor. He was the same exact way. He cold. That's crazy, bro.


Cold. Cold. So it's like all those guys played against him since we was 11, 12 years old. For sure. Man. He coach Clay. Clay, clay, clay was oh, my high school class. Oh eight. Oh yeah. He was so, you know, we, we had a, we had a, we had some dogs. Yeah. Facts for sure. Did your thing one near USC, how was it playing in college? I mean, you know what I'm saying? I noticed it's a little bit of a different pace, especially from high school and au How was that playing in college and how was it playing at the crib in college? Yeah. I ain't gonna lie, my, my first two months of college, I struggled because it was like, you know, you go from being a star, being able to do whatever you want, however you want, whenever you want to. Where it's like, now you gotta, you gotta learn this structure of, of, of discipline from another level of, you know, coach telling you to, you know, run an offense for 25 seconds before somebody shoot.


You know what I mean? Like, so it was a struggle my first two months. But after that, once I got it and started clicking for me, it was, it was, it was simple. It was easy. Started killing, it was cool just outta family there, you know, shit, I would, I would play a game and 20 minutes after a game, I'm right back in Compton. Like, you know what I mean? Like, it was, it was, it was that every day for me. And you played with my dog, Taj, Taj, Taj, Taj Taj, woo Taj, my dog, man, Taj really, like, he helped me through that hole even before we played the game. I remember Taj came to my, my dorm room and just, you know, embraced me. You know what I mean? That's, that's, that's, that's the OG man. That's a real one. My dog. He, he a real one for sure.


Facts. He told us you was a dog. He was like, man, I had OJ the year before then I had DeMar came. He was like, man, I just played with some dogs, bro. Yeah, yeah. And I was like, yeah, for sure you did. For sure. That was my dog, man. That's a good dude, man. For real. Yeah, for sure. Man, I gotta ask you a question on how true this is. You played a part in USC getting they own PE Kobe's. Yes. Mm. Yes. And it, it, it, it more so came from the relationship I had with Kobe. I think, you know, when I was like 15, 16, you, you remember when they used to have like Steve Nash camp? Yep, for sure. Kobe camp. Paul Pierce camp. Yeah. Amari, I think it was Amari Omar Camp. Yep. Amari had a camp. Yeah. So it just started from, you know, my relationship with Kobe.


I think it's a picture that that started go around. I was at Kobe Ka Kobe was talking to me. I was sitting like front row. Clay was in the picture. We was like 15, 16 years old. And you know, ever since then, like me and me and Kobe had just like a bond one, me being from LA in a connection kind of just grew from there. Me wearing the shoes. And you know, I think when the Kobe ones came out, he gave me a pair. That's hard to see. Then I started just rocking them from there. Like Kobe tools. Then you could go back to, you know, Google me in high school. My senior year I had, I was the first ones with, with the Nike id Kobes. Damn. Every colorway I used, it was to a point, like all through high school, people tell you like, I had so many Kobes after every game I was throw him in the crowd.


Ah, he clowned was so, it was like, it was outta pocket. He out of pocket high school. That's high. Hard as fuck. I'm, you know, I mean, motherfucker this way, shit. So it was like, you know, it started from there. Then, you know, when he got the sc at the time, I think the Kobe Fors was Yep. It was the Kobe Fors was out and you know, it just ran, ran away with it from there. But you don't tie your shoes though. Never have like how you That's what I know. He a trench baby. Listen, he hooped without his shoes tied, bro. His shoes. This how, this how I play just like this. That's all I talking about my shoes. But, but the thing, But the thing, you know why though? What?


Well, like I plan a new shoe every game. Okay. So you know how like most guys, I break they shoe and everything, so I like the tight fit. So I gotta put on a new shoe every game. So that's crazy. I don't, I don't need the time. And it all started, that's, I never forget. I got some Jordan nines when I was like 11 years old. I got, I had some Jordan nines. I never told this story either. Had some Jordan nines and I got 'em for like Christmas or some shit. So I wanted to wear 'em in a game. So my mom and dad was like, man, these your school shoes, this for school. I'm like, nah, I wanna look clean in the game. Yeah. So it's like, all right, you messing up, mess 'em up. That's on you. So I never wanted to tie my shoe to put a crease in them.


Never. So I was like, man, I'm gonna just playing these motherfuckers like I'm just walking around. So it started from that moment of me never tying my shoe. I was like 11 years old because I didn't wanna fuck up my Jordan nines and nah, he just hoop with and now just hoop. Imagine a motherfucker giving you 35 40 and he ain't tied his shoes, bro. With elite footwork. That's the crazy part. You got some of the best FES in basketball history and your shoes ain't tied. That's crazy. It, it's so crazy because it's, it's been so many games. I would be in the corner in front of the visit visitor bench and you will, you will hear niggas say this nigga's shoes ain't tied like you will hear it. Like I was niggas. I said he disrespectful as fuck all the time, bro. I'm about to. I'll never forget in San Antonio.


Yeah, you was in San Antonio. This is when I first noticed it. Like, you've probably been like, you said you've been doing it forever. But I first noticed it 'cause I was like, I'm gonna ask tomorrow for his jersey. I was like super prideful. I might ask some nigga for they jersey, but I was like, man, he oh nine, I'm a fan. I'm gonna ask for his jersey. And I looked down, said, I'm gonna ask for some Kobes too. I said, this nigga ain't got his shoe, Todd. I said, ah. Oh man, he not, he about to play tonight. This nigga proceeds to get like 35 lies and he never laced his shoes. I said, man, I told the people on the belt like wig. You know he just gave you 35. He ain't tied his shoes ain't durable though. Yeah, he always play. Yeah, you always crazy.


You tie your shoes like you do construction still because they worth for corn. Look at me. I tied my shoes all the way up. My shit was tied to the brim. Shit was flopping down on the ground, tripping so tight. Need knee surgery right now. That's crazy. Real. I was doing this shit all wrong bro. Man, that's the trick. Don't like your shoes. Don't like your shoes, man. Nah, I don't. It ain't for everybody. I be seeing some niggas hurt their ankle and they tie, tie they shoe up all tight. Like I never Yeah, you niggas lame. D don't worry about it.


Can't relate. But that's crazy. Like you said, man, you kill USC then you get drafted and then you go to Canada. Like you didn't wanna go to Florida because that was too far. You go to a whole nother country. Yeah, I think it, I I needed it though. 'cause I was so stuck on being home and scared to leave home that I, I, I needed that to kind of get me in the element of, you know, a lot of my ways I I follow now is from me going to Canada my first year being by myself. Nobody able to come. None of my cousins, nobody had a passport. Nobody even knew where the fuck a passport was. Like damn. I didn't get a passport until two days before I got drafted. Like, so, let alone my family got one. So I'm up there just by myself and all I could do was just focus on who, you know what I mean?


Like, I didn't have no distractions. I didn't have to worry about people in and out. So it was, it was, it was beneficial for me. It was. And I had great vets too at the time, you know what I mean? Like Jared, Jack helped me out a lot. Okay. Jack. That was my, that was my, that was my role dog. Like, he was the first person introduced me to a lot of ways on how to dress winter time with the eat, you know what I mean? All that, you know. So it gave me a chance just to lock in. So I was, I was definitely grateful for that because, you know, if I went anywhere else, who knows what would've happened. Facts. Fuck. Damn. I didn't even think about that. Yeah, your first winter boy, it was different. Oh no, it was different because winter hit and I just remember getting off the plane one time.


It's snowing. I got Chucks on, ah, he outta pocket. You know what I mean? My, by the time I get in the car, my whole ankle froze. You know what I mean? Like, I'm like, I, I didn't know what to wear, how to wear, when to wear, you know what I mean? Like, so everything was like a new learning experience for me that I needed, you know what I mean?


Hey. Hi everybody, it's Savannah Guthrie from The Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything. We wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs. Today


It's time for today's Lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous With a trip to Lucky Land, you know what they say? Your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky land slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandslots.com. No Purchase necessary B GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Make this new school year an opportunity for your kids to learn important life skills with Greenlight. Greenlight is a debit card and money app for families where kids learn how to save, invest, and spend wisely while parents keep an eye on kids money habits. Greenlight also helps families get into their fall routine with a chore feature that lets parents assign chores and pay kids allowance when they check them off. Get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


Dearest listener, allow me to unveil a delightful secret snag tights, craft clothing that embraces everybody's shape in a bold endeavor to revolutionize the fashion realm snag has triumphed permit me to draw your attention to the ingenious Chubb rub shorts crafted with moisture wicking yarn promising to keep you at least one degree cooler and utterly free from the discomfort of chafing free shipping on select orders. Thus, the more you snag, the more you save. Do not delay. Dear listener, experience the fashion revolution that is snag and visit snag tights us today.


The fall season. We don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches, eat in the south's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants, and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


You gotta to play with one of the gods. Yeah. Cal. Yeah. That was a couple years later. Yeah. Cal. Yeah, that's Kyle. Like I talked to Cal every fucking day, all day. He called me early Cal when Cal came to Toronto. It was interesting because I didn't, I didn't have a relationship with him at all. Like we played for a whole year together. And I never even said a word to him. Damn. We didn't talk. Damn, he worse than me and you drift t yeah, I remember it. It was like literally no word. Damn. I'm talking about coming to practice. It wasn't no like dap up wasn't none of that shit. Like, wow. Like it wasn't, it wasn't nothing like he, he, he was the type that I was still stuck in the mindset of having like a Compton mentality.


Like, man, who, who is this nigga? Like what do he, he, he, you know, he, he Philly, you know what I mean? He coming in with his aggressive manner doing whatever it is he doing, getting on like, yeah man, who he too good for Niggas. Like, I ain't talking to him, but one thing, like I I noticed over time was like, he really put in the work and cared about, you know, the craft. You know what I mean? It was like, no, no funny games on him. It was all, it was all strictly business. And like that next year I respected that more than anything that it made me want to be like closer to him. You know what I mean? Because he ride and die for you on that court. He on die. You know? That's how, that's how the respect came and shit. Next thing. Thank y'all. Yeah. Like next thing you know, like, like that, that became my role.


Do like, you know what I mean, to where like we, we, we had shit to a t in the game to where like, he'll know, like I come out beginning the game, I'm like, yo, I'm, I'm going for a first quarter. I'm, I'm getting to it. He's like, all right, bet I get the second half. Like we, we played off each other so much like that. 'cause we was, you know, from the friendship and understanding like we just wanted to win that bad. And what's so crazy is like, y'all historically like built a franchise up there. Like, you know, you had Vince teammate up there, but what y'all did in the Raptors jerseys up there starting the test of time. Yeah, for sure. And that, and that's one thing I definitely like, you know, hold, hold my hat to because it's like, you know, we, we, you know, when I first got there, nobody gave a shit about it. About it. You know what I mean?


People would come to Toronto knowing they was getting a win. Like that was automatic. Like have a time every time. Like every time like it was a thing like bro, like it was, it was, it was, it was a thing. Like I remember we used to play either Saturday or Sundays. We used to have early games on the weekend, like a 12 o'clock, 1230 game. And, we was so bad. We used to be like, man, we could get whoever we playing because we know they went out the night before. Damn. You know what I mean? That's how bad. That's where we had to start from. Yeah. And fight a way outta that. So, you know, I definitely pride myself on just, you know, changing and shifting the culture to having like a, a, you know, winning mentality there. For sure. Yeah. Y'all started smacking shit, boy. Yeah. Yeah. I remember that group.


I used to want to be on that y'all team so bad. It was you, Amir, y'all had like this cool ass team. Like y'all was fresh as fuck. Y'all was, I remember one game y'all had on Jordan Sixes. Yeah. I'm like, shit, I wanna play on this team. They look like they young, we smack y'all. We beat the hell out of them. But I like, they look cool as hell. I like, they like they having a good time, man. I was like, damn, I wanna play on this team. And then to see y'all go from that to all of a sudden like, oh shoot, we about to go to Toronto. We gotta play this nigga Kyle about to be taking charges. We gotta send a double for Deebo, bro. You know, he get to this mid range. It's about to get crazy. So to see y'all take it from there to like, I'm having fun looking at y like, yo, you had fun.


Yeah. To Yeah. Hey they real contenders. Yeah. It's crazy for sure. What year did the city really get lit though? So we're, you know, Drake and everybody pulling up to the games. I mean Drake, Drake will always come, but he was, you gotta think about early on, that's when he just started the blow up too. You know what I mean? So I think when it really started taking off was that first year we went to the playoffs, we played Brooklyn. I think that was like 20 13, 20 14. You know, we, we ended up starting having like the Jurassic Park outside. That was hard. All the fans standing outside. We just started like, you know, they started like this whole rebranding outside in And.


We just took care of everything on the floor. I, so I I wanna say around 13, 14 when it really, really took off and you could tell like they had that one, like the logo on the floor. There was like 3D broadcasting. I had the camo jerseys and shit. Like y'all was getting aggy. They really, they really started to change and rebrand everything, you know what I mean? Team wise and, and brand wise and you know, we kind of took off with it and you know, obviously like when, when Drake got behind it and you know, we, everything kind of just fell in line honestly, you know, with the winning, you know, winning always saw solve everything. Yeah, exactly. You know, we, I think we just started a gaining everybody respect because at that time when we played Brooklyn in playoffs, that's when they had Joe Johnson. Yep. Paul Kg, Darren Williams.


Like they had a squad. Wow. Sir. We, we took them to seven games. That was my first playoff series. And, and most of the team, like we was young. So to take them to seven and lose by shit one point. Yep. You know, we that gave, that gave us the swagger we needed. Yeah, for sure. That was some good years, boy. Yeah. Nah, they was, I ain't gonna lie, they was tough to play, bro. Y'all was, y'all was cold. Like man, it was, was so crazy. 'cause that next year, that's when them niggas was nice. I think we was the, we was the only ones beating y'all. Yeah. Y'all will beat us. We, I remember getting to the playoffs. I remember I, because the next year, I'll never forget them niggas was nice. And, we all, we, I think we would beat them least three out of four times.


So I remember going to the playoffs, we played the Wizards And. we was like, we going to beat the Wizards. We want play Atlanta because we match up well with 'em, beat them, blah, blah blah. But we ended up getting swept by the Wizards. Yep. We played with That's where y'all played them with. Yeah. But yeah, we was like, them niggas was nice, but we knew we could beat them. Like that's, that was our mindset before we played a play playoff game. We was like, all right, we got the wizards first. Let's line up so we could play Atlanta second round. We get into the conference. Final respect. I remember I had made a defense for y'all. I was like, we gonna trap him on everything we gonna make. We knew Kyle could shoot, we knew Kyle could score, but we was like T Ross, the rest of them they gonna have to fucking hoop.


Yeah. Yeah. And but then we already knew we was gonna beat whoever we was playing the first round. I don't even know who we played fact, we played Brooklyn. And, we swept them. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, we like, we gonna play Toronto. We I didn't think John and them was gonna beat them. I honestly did. Listen, I didn't either. We we got swept. We got not was crazy. They swept y'all bro. We got our ass beat. That is crazy. I didn't, I didn't, that's crazy. We, we marked Toronto on that game. We was like, we gonna play Toronto. We we did, we did the same shit. Yeah. But we had, the thing that was fucked up is that we knew if we played in Toronto, like I knew like, all right, we played in Toronto. They, they might get us one of them games. 'cause Toronto was tough to play at that time. Like Yeah. And the way I was, my life was set up.


That was a lot of times. Okay. Uncle Luke Toronto was one of my favorite cities, man. That was number two after Miami. So I was like, hmm, I know I ain't gonna be shit one of 'em guys, but Dennis might become, Dennis might play that game. You might come to play. But, but then when they got SW DC wasn't my shit. I, I mean DC was cool but it was, yeah. I could focus in DC a little bit. Right. I couldn't focus in Toronto. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was one of my weaker shit. Weaker shit. Yeah, for sure. And what's so crazy is both of y'all had popping teams at the time, but the problem was there was this person in the east that was just fuck a hard person to get around at that time. At that time, bro. I mean, I mean I know JT said it plenty of times.


I said it plenty of times. But yeah, that motherfucker was impossible to me. That's just what it was. Impossible. You know what I mean? Like, it just, it just, you know, shit. It was, it was no other way around it. You don't think y'all could have had one more piece and could have got it done? Nah bro. There's nothing you can do. I'm be honest. I'm be honest. Like no. Yeah bro, bro was just like, at that time, like I, it's unbelievable. I always, I have arguments with people because it's like they asked me what LeBron was the best and it's like my, that Miami bro and that second Cleveland bro, that second Cleveland bro, that's my first dance every time. When he first went back to Cleveland, that nigga was different bro. It was, it was bro. It was, he controlled everything from top to bottom.


Come on man. Like it was, when you stepped on that floor, it was like, it was, it was tough bro. Like you gotta, you, he, he one of the greats for a reason. You know what I mean? Listen man, I've never won a playoff game against him. We know I've been in four series with this man. I got swept four times. It's crazy. I got a couple wins. See listen, what time we was up 30, I swear to God we was up 30. I was playing for the Pacers. The only year I played for the pace. We up 30 game three. I'm like, I finally beat this dude, bro. He walking at halftime said, we good, we good y'all, everybody keep they head up. They were down eight in the third quarter.


I looked at them, I said, it's over. Said they gonna beat us bro. We, I'm doing everything in my power. I love Palm. Shoot the ball man. Yeah. Take us home. I just want one win. I knew he wasn't gonna beat him but damn. I just wanted one. Just one. Yeah. Speaking about LeBron being tough, who was one of your tough matchups? One-on-one outside of you? Of course outside of LeBron. Like just one-on-one. Yeah. Whew. He had that two guard. Woo. Yeah. Killer cut row. I mean D Wade. But I think somebody that was like really, really tough that I like, I couldn't like, like I had to go head to head with was was Joe, Joe Johnson.


Damn. Joe Johnson. Like I, I remember that my first playoff series was verse Joe and I got like every bit of Iso Joe, especially at the time I'm young and you know, shit, part of part of the way I play now is because of Joe of how, how slow he play and, and using his body, getting to the, getting to his spot, getting to the bucket. You know what I mean? Like damn, I can see that now. Yeah. You feel me? Like a lot of, a lot of like, a lot of that shit how I play now I get from fucking Joe. All that methodic driven, getting to a spot like Bodying, all that. I got that shit from Joe. 'cause I never forget my first playoff game. I went home that it was a early game.


I went home that that evening and I was, I was in pain. It felt like I got jumped by 10 niggas. Damn. Just like banging with him the whole game. You know what I mean? Because that's how physical he was and just getting to a spot. So Joe was always tough. Like Joe, Joe definitely was tough for me. Did you always have that mid in your game? Was that always your go-to, to midi? 'cause you, damn, you the best midi to meet since Rip Hamilton, you know escapes my, my my, my rookie year. Alex, Alex English was my, one of the assistant coaches legend. Damn. For sure. For people who don't know Coach jerseys ever too number two for sure. Nugget nuggets baby. For sure.


So this a little like, no June this a, this a this a little like, you know, fun fact like many people don't know. I used to always like sit and listen to Alex talk and you know, you look him up, he was top 50 greatest of all time. And he used to show me how he used to score at the elbow all the time. Yeah. By just one dribble pull up shooting over a motherfucker. One dribble, right, one dribble left, whatever it may be. I'm shooting over these like, and I was so amazed by how simple he kept the game and was able just to get buckets and that always stuck with me. And he was just always, once you master this and get great at these positions on the floor where no matter what shot you shoot, knowing that nobody could block it, you gonna become unstoppable.


And that shit always stuck with me. And I always paid attention to that. Like, man, I, whatever I do, I gotta make sure I get, I gotta get this anything within a three, I gotta get that shit together. That's how I looked at it. And that shit is the one, that shit is a bucket every time, every time you shoot that shit, bro. I'm like, that's good when you start bro fing everything, he's still gonna hit. That shit is amazing bro. Because what's so amazing about it's, they tried to take that shot out the game. That's what I was about to say. And like for you to still like master that shot, like, bro, it was a year, like it was a year where like they came to me and said you have to shoot more threes. Like you gotta do this and, and this. And it was like, I'm like, why?


Like it, I really, but like it was a year where I was a, a straight dickhead when it came to that. I'm like, why? Like yeah, nobody can stop me doing this. Why you want me to stop doing this? You know what I mean? They tried analytics to the game. I hated like when, when that analytics shit started coming in the game, it used to make me so mad because not just for myself. Even early on in my career, I used to look at it like, yo, what you telling people that what you telling these youngs that's coming up? Yeah. That need to learn the fundamentals of the game. You know what I mean? But it's, it's inside out, not outside in Yeah. How the game is played. Like understand again because I, yes. You feel me? So it's, I was, yeah. So it's like, it's like that's my like philosophy to where it's like, yo, it's bigger than just me.


How I, how I view the game to where it's like I want people to understand like this is the art of basketball, this is the art of what the game was built on. Like everybody can't be a Steph Curry and that's fine. Steph is Steph for a reason. Everybody can't be clay. Everybody can't, but everybody can master spots when it comes to this game and, and build off that. Everybody not gonna be shooting 30, 35 footers every every time down. No sir. You do it the best though bro. Averaging damn near a dub over a dub are all mids. That's crazy, bro. Yeah bro, you definitely don't have no three bro. When I played two, damn. This nigga trash three points freaked up ball lemme meal series bro.


Don't shoot three though. Hey, don't shoot threes and cold though because your shit is unstoppable. I won't talk about shooting threes though. I seen him beat the pacer a couple years ago off of nice ass three. Oh yeah, but I'm saying he got it. Nah, yeah, I, I but I never wanted to like abuse it. Like, like I, I seen Jordan say some shit a long time ago. It's like I, I never wanted to get comfortable with the three because it take my aggressiveness in the midrange and get to the basket away. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like it's, it is easy to fall victim. And especially with me, like I, I try to be, I try to practice perfection when I go out there and play in a sense of like, I'm not gonna shoot bad shots and I'm, I'm like, I, I have a goal in my head to always shoot above 50% no matter what, you know what I mean?


Like, I, I never want to be a 40% shooter. Like, I really try to master my spot. So when, when in game it become, it becomes natural to me. Nah, you you could tell that you like love your craft though. Like I was a one, I ain't gonna lie, I played around with my craft. Right, right, right. I had a good time. Like shit, I'm a hoop, I just hoop naturally. Yeah, that's what we do in Indiana. Yeah. It wasn't like, hey go to the gym. It was like shit, I just naturally can hoop. Like, I could tell like when I wa I even like, I watch you on YouTube with Dribble too much. I I I watch that. I'm like yeah, I wish I would've like Right. Yeah. I ain't trained with nobody. I trained with my niggas.


I be here trying to rebound real quick. Like you what? I'm, Hey nigga, I ain't ever been rebound first scrub nigga. You the first forward I was, I get my own rebound. No used rebound. George Hill. He, he used to rebound from George Hill. Let start, we got company he used with George Hill in high school. Man, George Hill average 38, he average five you. Yeah. Don't, don't let the size fool you nigga. I was built like this too. This is about D man man, this dude crazy man, man.


But one of my favorite parts about your game is like obviously you go crazy in the league, but to see you go back home and play in the Drew every summer and like really get to it. Like y'all really be battling that mo also congrats by the way. You know what I'm saying? Appreciate shit. Crazy. But for hoop fans like us, like we love basketball to see you hoop in the summer, like for y'all to really pull up there and really go crazy, that shit is fire man. Yeah. You know, it's crazy for me bro. It is, it is like, it's a sentimental thing because, you know, my dad used to take me to Drew League when I was like, when I was young, even before I started playing to where I just remember one day he picked me up. I mean we, we left the house one day and he, he was like, man, bring your, bring your basketball shit.


He took me to Drew League. I was 14, 15 years old. He said, go out there and play grown ass man. I'm like, what? I guess my dad told everybody, all the grown men, don't take it easy on me, go out there, give 'em to work and I had to compete, but it gave me a mental edge when I go out there and play with them. When I go play people my age, it's lights out. Nah, fuck that. These, these motherfuckers can't fuck with me. I'm playing against grown men that, that they kid sitting on the sideline. You know what I mean? Yeah. So it, it was always something that was like, made me feel good because it gave me like an internal confidence that I could do this. Then it's in the hood too.


Like all the hood motherfuckers coming out here, all the old heads and they, and they respecting you and taking you in. So me getting in a position of being somebody that people look up to, like, it's like mandatory for me to do it because it's like, you never know that one kid that's sitting here, I could be his hope just to wanna make it out. You know what I mean? That's this motherfuckers in here who probably never even been to the Staple Center, you know what I mean? Yeah. Been been able to see a basketball game, like yeah, they can come out here for free and watch me play and like, it's something I take serious too, you know what I mean? I remember I, I remember I brought one of my old teammates, man, I think it was Jared, Jack, I think I brought him playing the Julie League one one time with me years ago in middle of the game.


I think we was about to get in a, I'm about to get in a fight with somebody and all this. And Jack leaned over said, man, why you taking this shit so serious? Yeah. And to me it's like, yo, this shit is serious to me. You know what I mean? Like, it is like a, it's like my rep on the line for here. Like, like I, I don't play around with this. So like, that's why when you see me playing it like I take, I take that shit seriously. Nah, I see you get active. That shit why I ain't never played. Yeah. Like I, I I tell you it's, it's, it's, it's heavy bro. For real. Like, even, even the other day, like I'm hooping the other day, it's like, you know, niggas on the other team talking shit and it's like, you know, I don't look at it like, nigga, you know who the fuck I am. Like yeah, talk your shit. But I'm, I'm gonna show you why I come here and hoop all the time.


You know what I'm so for sure. And man, it's crazy 'cause like y'all done have some moments in there, but one, I don't think it spoke on enough. I think it was maybe last year, year before that, bro. You and Brian. Yeah. On the NBA ad bro. Yeah. Yeah. We all watched the Kobe, we all watched the But to see that happen in the progression of the ju for y'all had that moment, that's hard. It inspires people outside. Like everybody looked at like, we can't wait to see that. Yeah. And that what's crazy, like even shout out to LeBron doing that. You know, he, he, he definitely a real one for that because, you know, he hit me like, it was the middle of the night probably like, it was like a week before I had, I had played in and Brian had hit me. He was like, man, what's up when you playing in Drew again? I'm like, next week. I'm like, fuck it. Come fuck. Like, come fuck with me.


He said, all right, bet I'm gonna come fuck with you. So I'm thinking like, all right. He probably forget how he got busy. It was like a, a night before that, the following week. It's like what time the game, blah, blah, blah. All right, bet. I'm pulling up and I think I had tweeted like deebo and like the crown or whatever pulled up and just to see how like electrified the city was, bro. Just to see like little, like my thing, I'm big on looking in the crowd and seeing like kids' reactions, you know what I mean? Seeing those like, like, like you, like they just seen a ghost. Like to me that's the shit that make it feel like, yo, this shit is always bigger than basketball because these, these kids carrying this shit forever.


Like forever. You know what I mean? Like, they gonna remember this moment and for bro to do that, man that shit was like, that shit was amazing. You know what I mean? Especially like, you know, shit 20 years in, he is who he is, how big it is to come out there in the, in the hood and hoop and, and the game was cracking too. Like it was so nervous. Like they took us down to the wire. Yeah, it was, they was out there talking shit all that. So man, that shit was a probably, you know my second favorite Fame, favorite mo moment outside of when Coldplay? Yeah, Kobe. Kobe always gonna be my number one whenever, but what, when Brian did that shit, man, that shit, that was some real shit.


Man. Let me ask you this then, 'cause I remember, remember I said that? I said something out of pocket by code. Oh. Oh shit. No. Nah. 'cause he a Kobe fan. I said what'd I say? James hard was, you remember you said James Harden was better. Oh. I said James Harden score a little better than code was out of pocket. Nah, like, I mean, James hard scored that motherfucker though. Listen, I've I've told somebody this multiple times. The run James had. It's crazy. Come on bro. Bro. The run James had was fucking like, that ain't even a video game. That shit was crazy bro. That shit was like some fucking like space jam shit. Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean?


Because like, if you didn't watch the game, you just knew when you checked the box score, it was gonna be something fucking crazy. 38, 40, 45 assists, 15 assists, 10 rebounds. Like that run he had, bro that shit was fucking incredible and high. He did the, the shit looked like it was with no effort. That's what I was saying. You see what I'm saying? So IIII got what you was coming from, from, from, from that standpoint. And I think people react, people people was just so sensitive when it come to like certain people bro, certain shit, you really just sit and think, bro, that run James had bro was the most incredible shit.


Like we, I know I ever seen that shit. Shit crazy bro. Like it was crazy. He would just literally come down court, bop bop bop three side step three BBB Hezie. It was, it was five like come on. Like it was incredible. It was crazy. And don't forget nigga, they was winning 50 games in the west. In the west and it's crazy who he was going against bro. He had to go against that prime warrior situation and he was still going crazy. Still going bro. That's the only thing I said, but I got killed for that. But I think Kobe is phenomenal. Like it is nothing. Like I know the love you and respect you have for Kobe. Yeah, for sure. But I just at that moment I'm like, what I had to play against James bro.


That, but that's, that shit was different. Yeah bro. That's the thing. Like it just like, listen, like you said Kobe is my goat. All that, everything. But it's like was real is real the shit James was doing. I don't think we'll ever see that again. All you won't, oh we, we, we, nah, we won't ever see that. And they try to, they try to erase it with, with Luca and obviously we know Luca Cole, he liked that. But I'm like, nah bro, James had to do that against teams in the west one. It was, I mean them teams in the Rock is worth that. Great. No, it was a lot of James Harden and everybody else just kind of saying in the corner, shoot these stories. Yeah, that man was on a mission with him and cc when I seen, when I seen somebody guard him and stand behind him, stand behind the I back with his hands behind they back.


I said, I don't know what the fuck is going on right here. This is bad basketball. But he that special where you can't even, niggas didn't know what to do. Yeah. Like you gotta go. I don't, I'm gonna try something totally different. Yeah. I'm just stand behind you and go. That's crazy bro. Speaking of Kobe, did you pull some of your feet work from him? Yeah, yeah. I definitely got a lot of that came through, through conversations with him just breaking down. Like he was a big soccer fan, so he used to always, you know, incorporate how soccer players move, how to use their footwork to get leverage quickness. And he always used to tell me to watch, you know, certain players like, you know, Hakeem obviously the way he moved, but also like the smaller guards like a, like a fucking, like a Andre Miller for example, you know what I mean?


Legend not the fastest, not can't jump the highest didn't have, but he knew how to maneuver in small places to be able to get a shot off or get to the buck and everything. So I used, I used to start, I started paying attention to like a lot of, of the random players in a sense that, you know, probably don't have the big notoriety as everybody else. You know what I mean? And, and took a lot of stuff from him. Another person who helped me with my footwork shit was like Sam Cael, you know what I mean? When I, when I was 15, like used to be around Sam and Sam always used to preach to me about certain ways how to, how to shoot the turnaround, how to get your feet leverage a certain type of way.


You know what I mean? Learn from him. I learned from fucking catino moley how to get your shot. You know what, it's, it's certain players that I, I took so much from and like incorporated, but Cole was the one that put the, like the, the, the, the notion in it to, you know, you master this. Like basically he always used to tell me, learn how to play in a, in a phone booth. You know what I mean? If you could be, if you know how to master how to create shots from a phone booth, you good. You know what I mean? So he used to talk a lot in fucking codes. It used to take some time to figure out, but when it, when I figure it out and, and that light bulb went off, I, I knew I had something. Yeah. They don't get spoke on enough how good your footwork is, bro.


So I had to ask and and that's the fire part when you hear players like you or yo caliber speaking like you and you hear people like, yeah it is cool to know the players is cold, but like no, but you always speak on the players like, okay you everybody might not speak on his name, but like, I learned something from this player. Nah, that's pivotal to my game. That's like Tony Parker, his footwork was phenomenal. It's crazy. It's crazy. But it's like my whole on it off the court. Nah, nah, it just is on the court. On, on, on the court. Shout to tp. Yeah, I learned from all the motherfuckers, man. Like I, I really became like a student of the game and just watch motherfuckers rather if it was a slow motherfucker fast, mother quick and just try to take, take shit from him, from 'em and, and try to incorporate it, you know, into my game.


You, you one of the best scorers, like you like when we talk about phone booth scores, like you mellow on those guys. Kobe. Yeah. Like y'all can get y'all shot off at any point. Like, I always always say that like, that's why I said when we was gonna play we was gonna send doubles, but it was like, it don't matter where you at on the floor, I know you can get a shot off. Right. Like that's what you know with you. It's never a shot clock violation. Right, right. Like with me, I used to get shot clock viol. Yeah, yeah. You, I'm like he ain't getting no shot clock violation. Know how to get a shot off. That's, that's like tough to do. That's what I think about you James. Same thing with Mel, low Kobe, Katie, y'all elite scores. Like when I hear people talking about one of the elite scores in the league, your name should be talked about a lot more.


For sure. Yeah, no, I, I appreciate that. 'cause you know, it's definitely one thing like, you know, that, you know, that get overlooked for whatever reason. You know what I mean? I heard somebody on a podcast say some shit I wasn't to score and all this and this is just like come, you know, it's like come on, it's, it's how many points you got? It's, it's only probably I think 30 people in the history of basketball who got more points than me. So it's like, come on man, average over a call first balance to me sound like a score than me. You what mean? So it's like, you know, it's, it is one of those things like when it come to it, like you just check, check the facts on it, you know what I mean? When it come to that, that's all facts. And that's crazy thing to say about you though. Nah. Yeah. I was like, because you put that motherfucker up there. Yeah. That's why I'm buckets. Come on. Yeah, he buckets for Max turn around.


You know what it is. Yeah. And that's the craziest shit to tell about bro. He like, LeBron not really a scored bro. He got the most buckets ever. How you gonna say that nigga? Not a score. He got the most buckets ever, bro. He that people just say that just, it just show me how stupid they are, you know what I mean? Like, come on man. Nah, you get buckets bro. That's, you got buckets your whole career though. It ain't like, it's just, yeah, it ain't like, it's nothing new, you know what I mean? Yeah. You always got buckets. That's the shit that throws me off. Like y like, like it's something new. Like, nah, you always got buckets. Like, it's kind of funny when I, 'cause when I heard somebody say on the podcast, I was like, huh? Like come on now. If you would've said, yo, he on pass, like, he gonna get a sis like that. I'm like, yeah. I'm like all het.


That's John. When you go look at the stats, it's like how bro, you know how many people played in this league? And he to, its he topped in the like, what are you tired? Like I, it didn't even want like, I couldn't even like, comment on it. I just thought it was like, it was beyond funny to me. Like it is just like, yeah I guess anybody with a microphone could say whatever, whatever they want these days. That was crazy. You definitely a bucket.


Hey, hi everybody, it's Savannah Guthrie from The Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything. We wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today


Dearest listener. Allow me to unveil a delightful secret snag tights, craft clothing that embraces everybody shape in a bold endeavor to revolutionize the fashion realm Snag has triumphed permit me to draw your attention to the ingenious Chubb rub shorts crafted with moisture wicking yarn promising to keep you at least one degree cooler and utterly free from the discomfort of chafing free shipping on select orders. Thus, the more you snag, the more you save. Do not delay. Dear listener, experience the fashion revolution that is snag and visit snag heights.us today,


The fall season. We don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the south's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


This is Jeff t from the Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay the real, find the one again and again the latest sneak drop. You can't stop thinking about one of a kind street where you're dying to wear in fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet On eBay, you'll feature your eyes and the full meal of hard to find fines. Start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make a designer collab your main course, the cherry on top. A timeless watch or iconic rear handbag and the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures and rare fashion eBay things people love.


I gotta ask, how was that transition going from Toronto to San Antonio? Man, it was, it was tough because obviously everybody know like, I wanted to be there. I wanted, I wanted to stay there. Everything I, I, I, you know, shit, you know, that was, that was home. So, you know, getting traded the way it went down, you know, it, that part hurt more than anything. Then, you know, when I finally calmed down and realized like, shit, I'm going to San Antonio, then what they say about city born, blah, blah blah. It's like, yo, I'm playing for pop. Yes sir. Like, fucking coach pop. Like, you know what I mean? And, and what's crazy when I got traded, I didn't talk to nobody for like fucking two weeks.


I wouldn't answer my phone. I was mad as shit. Like, I'm, I'm like, I was, I ain't gonna lie, I was in my feelings. I was like, man, I was, I was, man, I was hurt. I ain't gonna lie, but Pop had called me out the blue and just was like, look, we didn't trade you. We traded for you. Like, and when I let let that sink in, I'm like, God damn. He got a fucking point. Like, all right. Like, and just to like be underneath pop to hear like the game from him, the way he just took me in and accepted me more than just a basketball player, like to help with the transition. Like, I, like, I cherish that shit forever, man. Because it was something i, I needed in my career at the time because I'm looking, you know, I'm looking at the game one way my whole time in, you know, my nine years in Toronto.


I'm thinking just, you know, just go out there, shoot the ball 30 times, try to get a win. If I don't, if I don't, if I shoot bad, at least I try With Pop it was more so like how can you make everybody else around you better? And with that make it easier on myself. So Pop always used to tell me, give me three and a half quarters of playing this way. The rest is you. And with that, it made the game more fun. 'cause now I'm getting everybody involved making it easier doing this. But when it was time to win, it was like, go win the game. You know what I mean? And it, and it, it gave me a different outlook on just how to incorporate, use the game, use your teammates, get everybody involved and find a rhythm of the game that way.


Like my first, my first shoot around with Pop, I remember he said, man DeMar, you the point guard. I ain't never played point guard day in my career. And it's like he telling me I'm the point guard, but I think that whole week I think I averaged like, like damn near 13, 14 assists. You know what I mean? But he, he'll do shit like that to challenge you to, to show you that you can do it, you know what I mean? And that was, that was something I definitely needed for all. You hear a lot of good reviews from players about Coach Pop in. It's so dope to see now. Like he got wimpy. Yeah, it is likes, we know he is gonna be for sure anyway, but he got pop like, ah, he's the next superstar for sure. Show for for sure. He, he definitely gonna learn. I mean you see it now, even just how he was playing in the Olympics, like the way he played in, in in the championship game kill, you know what I mean?


Like he's still a kid bro. But I guarantee you he was on the phone with pop that night at this, you know what I mean? Pop giving him some type of, you know, insight and knowledge on how to carry that. Now watch how he be this year, boy, watch how he beat it is about to get spooky. And he got CP down there. Yeah. Oh my god. Get spooky bro. Monster bro. Yeah, he building a monster down there. Yeah. That, that shit looked like a video game. Nah bro, like I've never, like I'm, we played them this year, I swear I had a drive to the lane. He, I'm on one side of the key, he on the other side. I stopped for the layup and pulled it back out. That's crazy. He was on the other side of the Key. He wasn't even like, but I just knew he had the recovery lent to be able to fucking block whatever I throw up.


That's crazy, crazy. I'm talking about you, you just look him in the eye bro. You going No, like he, he he, he gonna be one of the ones for sure. Oh yeah. We never seen nothing like him. Nah, hell nah. We ain't, nah he ain't never seen like kd when I seen KD I was, I never seen nothing like him. Yeah. Seven Foot could do all that stuff. He four or five inch inches taller than kd. Yeah. Shit's crazy. That shit's crazy with a handle. Yeah, that shit's crazy. Obviously you a student in the game, who are some of the young players in the, in the, in the league that you, you know what I'm saying, take a notice or take a liking two. That's a hell of a question because I think, you know, like how young you talking like whatever, whatever's young for young mean you John.


Now let's do John. Okay. Like looking them those guys, I think they going carry this lead to, you know, where it need to be. You know what I mean? When you look at the Ja, the Lucas, it's all those guys they, they like beyond special man. Like, you know, I, I be glad, I'd be glad when, you know, Ja get back healthy, he get back on the floor because you know, the game is that much more exciting when those, when those players is healthy, you know what I mean? Like, you know, I hate that he wasn't out there to do, you know, to be a part of, you know, all this. Like it's, it's amazing to see just being a fan of like all these guys that come in and lead that, you know, you see him as kids one year and the next year fucking, you know, they whole swag change.


You see it, you know what I mean? They, they they carrying they their their own aura. So, you know, my favorite players is obviously like Ja Luca fucking, you know, I don't know is jt is Jason still a fucking, is still young and that's one of my favorites, an funny story. He act like he from Compton. Listen, I fuck with Ant I don't know him personally like that, but the times I done played, I, I remember I played against Ant this year and like the dog he got in him, I remember jump ball, he's still right next to me. He, he guarded me. I'm like, yo, like he, he take on all these fucking challenges and I respect that from a youngin like that, that song, you know what I mean?


Like, like you see the dog in him and obviously you see it with the Olympic team and what he gonna be come next season it is going like that shit. I know what playing Olympics do for a player. Yeah. Like that shit takes you to a whole nother level mentally, physically, emotionally. Like you feel like you that especially being around the, those o other 11 guys. So like those like definitely ain't ain't ain't one of my favorite. So I think those guys gonna carry the lead to where it need to be for sure. And man, you know what I'm saying, obviously you know, a new situation This summer could congrats on that as well. Appreciate you playing with another young dog as well. I don't know if he's too young, but we still D Fox. Oh yeah, yeah. I mean that was part of the reason, you know, even making, making that decision D Fox in my career, man, he too damn fast.


Listen fast as shit D fast as shit. Like he put me on the bench man, see that's for the first time I said, you know what, I think I'm gonna come off the bench man. They wanna come against it a little be a, I was like, yeah, I think I'm gonna come off the bench. I remember I was like, yeah, Minnesota, I think you could probably start Tus Jones. Nah. Yeah, I, I, I think that situation, you know, I came, it came outta nowhere after, you know, season was over once free HC hit, you know, I know it was a bunch of other options but you know, when I just sat back and like realized like, you know, what the team needed, what they had, what they was fighting for and how, how bad they wanna win, you know, it just fit the mold that, you know, I want to be a part of and you know, just being able to play with those guys, you know, I'm looking forward to it.


You know, monk? Yes sir Murray, you know, it's Sabo, it's a lot of, it's a lot of those guys that, that, that's special. You know, and, and I, I I really wanna be a part of that. I feel like, you know, I could, I definitely could help. Yeah. When did your game start transitioning? 'cause to me, you know, I could be wrong, but I feel like when you first came to the league, nigga you was a hot flyer. Yeah, I was. Yeah. And then you turned it, not saying you dumbed your game down, but you brought it to like, shit, I'm gonna just shoot these mids and when, what year did that, like I'm about to stop dunking on niggas 'cause I'm trying to, I ain't trying to be like Jeff Teague and my knees be all fucked up. What's crazy? I want to keep going years and years. Yeah. You know what I mean? What's, what's crazy 2013, no shame, bro.


He's fucked up because he trying to duck on everybody. See what I'm saying? Nah, Jeff had hops on my lawyer motherfucker. No, hundred percent. That's what I'm saying. But he didn't wanna stop. He didn't know what he, he was a jabber walking through his whole career, you know? I mean, chilling was over with. What's crazy. That's a great question. 2013, I had tore my groin at like off the bone. It was like 6, 6, 7 games in a season. I just trying to turn the corner with the ball. I slipped, tore my whole groin and like, I was so worried because I'm like, man, we finally getting good.


I think the year before I had made Allstar. So I'm like, man, fuck, I'm trying to, I ain't, I don't, I I didn't wanna be a one. I time allstar type of nigga, you know? Yeah. So I'm like, tell your story. This is, this is about D y'all. Come on man.


Tell your story bro. I'm bad jt. My bad. My bad bro. My bad. I ain't, I I ain't even think about it, bro. I listen, listen, that was funny. I didn't, I didn't. That's a good, yeah, I didn't want to be a onetime all star at the time. So respect, I was so thirsty. Like, I was so mad at getting hurt to where it was like six seventh game in the season. So when I tore my groin, I'm thinking they, they talking about surgery and all that shit. So I'm like, man, hell no, I ain't trying to miss this season. All that shit. So I'm doing it whatever I possibly can to see how fast I could get back. So I ended up doing like the PRP shit, you know, rehab.


I think I missed 22 games. So I kind of rushed myself back thinking like, fuck it, I, I could still make Allstar, we still was winning. Let me, let me get back out here and start killing. So when I start back playing, I, I wasn't right for that next, probably like two years. But nobody knew. I never said nothing. So that made me scared to jump, run fast. And that's when I started paying attention. Niggas like fucking Joe Johnson. Yeah. Fucking, I remember, I remember during that time I sat there and I watched those two years of Michael Jordan playing for The Wizards. I said, oh shit that went to 10. Listen, I swear to God I watched Jordan every game Jordan played in a wizard jersey and I'm like, yo, this, they said both his knees was fucked up, he couldn't move, blah, blah blah.


So I'm, I'm watching them from the standpoint of like, how is he doing what he doing? He's still averaging 20 plus still getting 40. But he, he, he not used he not athletic no more. Yeah, he not the old Jordan. So I watched so much of him. So when I came back and started playing, I tried to play more that way. See damn to where I started to kind of like master playing that way. And by the time I got more healthy, my athletic ability and all that was in case of emergency. You know what I mean? See you listening that's, you was watching niggas jump off the ropes in w cw he, he watching the real field that, listen, I wanna enjoy my life.


I like wrestling and shit. Man. He watching mj I thought MJ was done. He at a whole different way. I'm like, Jordan cooked. He looking at the footwork ain that a bitch stupid man. Crazy, crazy man. No, but I wanted to talk about, 'cause I always wa I bro, I'm a fan bro, for real.


So I watched everybody talk so highly of you like Kobe White, those young guys, Lon Terry talk about how Lon Terry much a leader you was of in Chicago. And it is like, damn, to hear 'em speak about you like that like bro took us under his wing, he taught us the ropes and then see like Kobe white, you know, had an up and downs first and then you get there and all of a sudden you see him start growing. Yeah. And becoming basically, to me he's gonna be one another star. I see, I see him being an all star. This shit, no question. Yeah. For me, bro, it, it got to a point to when I started realizing like, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm getting older, especially when motherfuckers started calling me old head and shit, you know what I mean? That's why I started like I, I was dodging that shit for, for a long time.


Like niggas calling me og old head, like until like I just finally like accepted it in a sense to where it's like, yo, I really fuck with these young dudes bro. Because it's like, I really want, I really wanna see everybody be successful and win. You know what I mean? Like, think about it bro. Like sometimes I have moments where I just sit up here and be like, yo, I'm from Compton. I damn near made $300 million from playing basketball. Damn bro. Like, you, you know what I mean? Like, like the, the, like that shit motherfucker me wake back up, wake fuck up, let me down 300. God damn. So it's like, it's like when, when I have those moments and think about it, it's like how, how much of everything I learned the fails, the success and everything that I could give to these young guys that probably don't know it.


You know what I mean? Yeah. The good, the bad on and off the court. And I really, I really put my all into all my teammates that I play with all these young dudes because you know, I remember being so blind when I was young not knowing, you know, shit, I remember I was a motherfucker going to hotel room order fucking chicken tenders and, and wings and, and call it a night to where it's like, even, even now, it's like I take all these young dudes to go eat at these restaurants so they can see and understand something different. It ain't just hotel food that, that you can eat. You know what I mean? Like, I try to like expose them to so much more that the world have to offer. Don't just be stuck in this one place and you know, once you free up a motherfucking mind to that aspect, it helps them with the confidence, it helps them with the preparation.


Especially with me. It's like all these, all these young niggas, everybody I play with see me after a game. If we on the road, first thing I do, I get on the phone with my kids. I'm talking to my kids, hearing about my kids, they doing this, I'm, I'm showing them the responsibilities I still take, take care of on a daily basis. Nah, it's dope. And still be the first one on the bus, still be the first one in the meeting, first one in the gym doing all this. And it's like any, any logical person who sees that will understand like, damn that's, that's, think about it, bro. I'm going in six year 16 bro. It's crazy. Like, like still doing it to this level. Like it, it, you gotta be consistent. So I try to give the game to all these youngins as best as I can, bro.


Nah, you every single day you doing a hell of a job bro. This, see I'm just, I'm watching 'em as players grow and it's like, and they giving you that credit, it is like damn bro figured it out. But then to see your game though. Yeah. Like to see you when we first came in the league to where you are now, you like Yeah, he put in the work. Yeah. And that time and like you said 300 million it pay off bro. Yeah. That work. And to see I know what you gonna do in sack with that same group with them young guys who they got a great team, you gonna do the same thing. Yeah. I see 'em having another gray year and making some noise in the west for sure. It's crazy. Some more years in the league bro. Like for sure. See you 16, but we could see you play another five, six years first level.


Like that's the dope part about it and everything that we learn, I think the best part that we get to meet people and you see the difference of people who pour into their teammates or porns it, showing people more that's outside of that. Yeah. Those are ones you see that get the, the respect they get the, the careers and others. It's kind of more sidious like, alright, that kind of fall by the wayside. Yeah. Yeah. So it all makes sense, man. It all makes sense. Oh yeah. I, I, for me like bro, I always told myself like fuck the media, fuck with people, opinion a gotta say after games and all this, I always took the heart like, yo, if my my peers respect me. Yeah, for sure. That's all that matters. Nah. You feel me? Like that's the only thing that matters. As long as I, I could walk in the gym and motherfuckers know like, man, like I, I, I fuck with DRD man, he gonna compete or you gotta bring it.


Like that's, that's what matters to me the most. You feel me? You got that for sure. Yeah. Off basketball a little bit, man. I want to ask you about Kendrick run, man. What you thinking about the He came back, he put the city back. I mean the ahead man. I know Drake, your guy, but Yeah, but I think, you know, even that, that my guy, but I think for me being on the inside, it's, it is never like, it's, it's not a surprise for me. Right. You know what I mean? It's like, it's it's, it's like, like I see bro or talk to bro. Like it's, it's, it's a, it's a normal thing. You know what mean? Yeah. So it's like when you know a person and it's like he, he, he probably somewhere sitting in the room with sage lit right now.


Not, not knowing what the fuck is going on on the outside world of things. You know what I mean? Because he just, he in tune or whatever it is he like, he living his life, you know what I mean? So like as a fan, you know, you, you hype to see it. But from my, my standpoint, you know, like I know bro, that's, that's, that's bro. So it's like when you see him, it's, it's kind of like, you know, you see JT go hoop in a big three and it's like you really not surprised, you know, he Yeah. Doing, you know what I mean? Hundred percent. Like, so it's really not a surprise if you go see him fucking going out there killing motherfuckers in a big three. It's like, did y'all know he was gonna be a star or had a feeling before? 'cause of course y'all heard this before.


Yeah. Because he, he always was like different in a, in ahead of his time and, and kind of like was a, a visionary. Okay. With with with how he approached and looked, looked at things, you know what I mean? Yeah. He always had that in a and a lot of times I think as, as just like a man, you see the growth and the failures that he, he took and had to accept and grow from, not just fuck it just being about the, the the rap part of it, you know, personally. Yeah. You know what I mean? You see the growth in an individual and, and you know, like we all know he nice when it comes to, you know, rapping, but you know, you seen the growth from it and you know, he put it in his art. You know what I mean? I know a lot of people, you know, want to hear more from him and all that, but to him it's like, you know, he putting his life, he putting his life out there for us to understand and sometimes niggas gotta go through shit to be able to put, you know, our life out there and, and speak about some shit.


So to me it's just like, you know, it's cool to see him out there, but it's more so like cool just to see him, you know, in, in, in, in the, in the healed space mentally. You know what I mean? Is that first album in your top five? The first one? Which one? Good kid. Mad City. Good kid. Mad City. Yeah. Yeah. That hard good. But that even that it's like, that's such a storyline of, of, you know what I mean? Yeah. Shit, you inside like so you understand more than we do, but, but it's like that album, like the breakdown of it, it is like, like that shit is last because he walked same street shit. Yeah. So it's like, it's like I, I vision this shit. Like when I hear it, like I know exactly like it's certain shit.


He, he even say where it's like I, I may get it more than everybody else. You know what I mean? But it's like, it, it is definitely in my, definitely in my top five. What was that like though at that concert? Like Yeah, like you all, y'all on stage, y'all bobbing the whole Cali together. I mean it, it was one of those things I know people get so caught up in looking at the whole beef part of it and everything. It's bigger than that though. It's, it's so much bigger than that because like it's a lot of those dudes I know had problems with another dude. Yeah. This hood didn't get along with this hood or, or it was, it was some type of tension or friction or you haven't seen these sets of people around this sets of people in, in x amount of time.


And for it to be a moment to be able to share, be shared in LA in the forum to bring out all the artists from like, you know, from home to do that with no problem, no issues. Everybody get in there with no arguments, no fights, no scuffles leave there, everybody get home. It was like, it was just a different type of fucking like appreciation for one another. You know what I mean? I know it's so easy to get caught up in the whole beef part of it and all that, but for us it's just like, it, it is, it is bigger than that. You know what I mean? Yeah. Because music, if music could bring us together, it just show you how powerful we are as people.


Yeah. Yeah. That if we just put all the fucking egos and that was dope. All that sensitive shit to the side, like we really could come together and do something special. You know what I mean? That was dope. That was a moment too, man. Like, not even in hip hop, we was watching that shit. We was Yeah it bro, so be hard for Drake to do that, bro. Ain't too many lights get niggas that can go crazy in the city like that in Toronto, bro. That ain't nothing for DeMar to speak on. Don't you Even that even that like, just how great and, and the like I know it's so easy when people get caught up in, in the size and all that, but it's like Drake don't, no. Drake's still the amazing shit that Drake done did over what the last 15 years can't be erase.


Nah, two weeks he's on album. Nothing, nothing could ever take that away. You see what I'm saying? Ever. Like I know, like I said, it's always easy when it, I look at it from, be honest with you, I look at all this shit like I really come from like the hood. I, I come from like niggas losing they life over some dumb shit over dice games. Like Yeah like I, I done had an uncle get killed by, that was a blood that got killed by a Crip, another uncle that was a Crip that got killed by a blood and, and like, and it, and it fucked up my whole like childhood upbringing to where it's like y'all letting songs divide and, and create and make people so sensitive to where it's like, to me it's like, come on man.


Like we, we it's like watching a fucking action packed movie. Yeah. Nobody really dying, you know what I mean? Yeah, it's true. Come on. To me. I hated how it started because they just two totally different artists to me. I didn't, I get Drake and really rap. I just, it just Kendrick like you said really come from Yeah. Kind of more respected. Yeah. But it's like, I, I think you can't just never discredit like Drake, Drake is Nah, nah. Drake is like he fucking Drake fan hundred Percentm just saying crazy. You was in the city when Drake really was became Oh yeah, I, I seen, yeah I seen the, the the from, from the beginning to to to to where's it at now make the star, you know, like I, I don't think it will ever be another Drake that's just, that's just what it is.


You know. And ain't nobody ever fought against that many people bro. Nah, nah. Drake bro. Drake, Drake, him Kendrick him too at the end of the day it just comes down to it being that like both of 'em, the big dogs at what they do. Right. Every, every why why can't that be respected? Everybody got spar one day. It ain't, but that's, listen hey, in my neighborhood, the two toughest niggas have to get down. Yeah. One gotta lose that don't make them less than the other one. Yeah. A hundred percent. You know what I mean? It is just be more respected because ain't nobody else gonna get down with one of these, one of them niggas. Yeah, not at all. That's true. It's just, that's just so that's, that's my view. Everybody who don't come from the streets or understand the street part of it may not look at it like that.


It may get in they feelings or be sensitive about certain shit. For me, I look at all this shit like, bro ain't nobody hurt this shit is this, this is, it was good. You watching fucking the Matrix? Yeah. Yeah. Oh see I told y'all about LeBron and Bronny. This the Matrix bro. Here we go man. Let's get up out here before we get killed. Nah, that's hard. I think it's dope as shit. Right. What you think about like seeing bro, I got the mo utmost respect for bro, but to be able to see his son in the league with him play on the same team. That shit, you know how the league work? Yeah. It's gonna be a moment where Brony and LeBron in the game at the same time he's starting.


I ain't say he starting, but it's gonna be a moment. I told everybody it's gonna be a highlight where Lil Brony gonna throw bro alive and the shit gonna go crazy on that shit gonna be everywhere. You know it's gonna happen though. Right. One up for sure because that's what I'm saying. I'm hoping I'm watching a game with it. Me too. I'm gonna lie. I'm gonna record this yo, bro. Bro, you don't want it to be against the Kings though, listen. No, no Long ain't against us, but it's definitely a moment like, come on bro. Like damn, where everybody, none of us never seen no shit like that dude. We ain't iconic bro. So for it to be an opportunity for that to happen, shit. If I had a son, I would want, like if my son, if my son now, if my, my my son only fucking two years old so Oh, you cooks.


But if I had a, my son was in that position, I will, I would want the same thing for sure. Oh yeah bro ain't do nothing wrong. Niggas damn gotta start having kids at 14 now. We ain't pushing down. But if you trying to do the that's you trying to do the LeBron, you gotta start early. You gotta start hoop the eighth grade P Miller lead. What a good circle man. We about to get the fuck up out here man. Big do. We appreciate you sliding on this man. Best of luck this season. We definitely gonna be watching the Kings be here and tell the people they can grab some merch at shop club. Five twenty.com Baby we outta here. Peace. You know what it is. Club five 20. The Volume


Vitamin Water was born in New York because New Yorkers wanted more, like more flavor to go with all the flavor. A refreshing drink after climbing six flights of stairs to a walk-up apartment or standing in the subway station in a hundred degree heat. Drink vitamin water. It's from New York.


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back. Score Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger fresh for everyone


At your job. Do you ever have to deal with a nose roller? How about a snub pulley? Well, if you're installing a new conveyor belt system, dealing with the different components can sound like you're speaking a foreign language. Luckily, you've got a team ready to help. Granger's Technical product specialists are fluent in maintenance, repair, and operations. So whenever you want to talk shop, just reach out. Call click granger.com or just stop by Granger. For the ones who get it done,


The fall is creeping up on us. But we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, you can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


This episode is brought to you by FX is the Old Man. The hit show returns starring Jeff Bridges and John Lithgow. The former CIA agent sets off on his most important mission to date to recover his daughter. After she's kidnapped the stakes get higher and more secrets are uncovered. FX is the old man premier, September 12th on FX Stream on Hulu.