
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price Plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer. Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state


When it's tip off time. At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


We've all got a thing, an obsession for some of uss Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay is for clauses to Get filled with statement pieces and vintage vs. Or must have sneakers wait for you And Designer. Handbags are the real deal on eBay. Doors Open to stacks of the rear trading cards in a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any do at yourself job. eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things people love


The Volume. Alright Man, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is dj. Well same gang with me to my left. I got my dog Bishop. Be here out the prayer at least how you wasn't nasty. What's up brother? I'm back baby I see you. You back to the double cup. We ain't to the double cup in a long time man. Yeah, I'm back on bullshit today. Okay. Glad to be here. Mo boy got the gray Scully in the double cover. You chose violence today? It's cold. A bitch outside. I ain't gonna lie. It's 15 degrees. No, you say it's 15 degrees outside. It's cold than a bitch. Yeah, she ain't never said that but I ain't got no hole. This is my coat though. I just need a sweatsuit. You know fat niggas, we don't all them coats and shit and flannels, we don't do all that shit.


Yeah, I'm freezing bro. Keep it p Shout out to Dom. You said liquor my jacket. Respect my facts for sure. To my right. My dog Young Nacho young Teague. How you what? Freezing. Shout out to Dom man. They supply me with my gear for now on. Okay, you locked in? Yeah. You know me and part the company now turn you up. They signed me to a deal. I fuck with that little zip up sweater though. Now Dom got some heat, man. Shout to Dom. Yeah it is super cold country skateboard shit. For sure. You, I see you got some heat on your feet today. I don't even know what these is called. Damn Altitude thirteens. That's, that's, I think we talked, we talked about these on the show. Right? That's far. I put 'em they about duck for real. Damn. I had put him out every shoe we had talked about that day. I had set him out no cat bro.


My house on the construction big head bro. So every shoe it really be funny when it's him and Mike might be the funniest Mike and to like oh yeah, come in here with the bitches. The next episode. I'm just saying I don't know. It's some other shoes we talked about. They might be about the do I remember sitting them all about the dope. You gotta wear another team, another pair of team Jordan. Yeah I got, I think I got one more pair. Damn. That ain't really my forte though. I don't really get rocking team js like that. You know what I'm saying? Like that ain't really just on on standby like that but Alright now, now that we here, what's that one shoe y'all kind of reached out to Y Comfort zone for and got and like damn I shouldn't have caught it. So like why did I fuck it? I buy this. Hmm.


I ain't gonna lie. I was a Steve Mad Bull in middle school. You ass every color. Yeah, see man, hey man, cool G. Academics. That's what I was on. Damn. I had the ones with the Helly Hansons. I gonna say niggas had the Helly Hansons earlier Creative Res. Yeah I was outta pocket. I wear Chucks like I, I don't know why that one, that ain't a shoot for me. Damn. Was that, that's not a bad sneaker though. Nah. Was there some lows? I had highs. Mm I I got some. Not the Lows nigga said mm lows you can get off the highs is no tough to deal with. I had highs, I don't know why I was rocking Chucks though. Nigga didn't wanna torch you nigga.


Nah, it was weak as hell with the highs, highs train. You had the freak the shoe strings. So I had shoe stringing de Yeah he said I'm cool, I'm cool on the hot trucks load. Chucks out the gate. Them them, them busting them. Shit be too long bro. For Yeah you it's and you got, you left them on Laced let go Utah? Yeah I had fat laces in Mon. Oh okay. Fat laces all black joints. Yeah, black and white. The black and white ones? Yeah all black ones is crazy. I had some all black ones too though. Oh. I had some red and white ones. Please don't bother me. The all black chucks? Yeah the all black chunks fresh out the box. It ain't nothing you can do. You got that red going on you steal so that makes sense. Damn you steal people boxing only from cvs bro.


You stole for Meyer so admire too. I was employed, you know your history. I was employed at Admir. I just steal my lunch bro. He said shout to wedges. I to, I used to steal like some Hawaiian rolls. A Kit Kat stole Brittany Turner. Brittany Turner used to. Oh wow. My grandma used to have the chicken. Oh wow. She used to be the lady at the stand at the chicken Bt she used to be like hey you gonna pay for that? Yeah walk outside. Bt being the lunch lady at my is crazy Grandma bro she was heating that little label too. Toot even worried about that. This ain't get all I'm coming back, I get a cut, can I get a come and get some water?


Take a large cup. You like you get a large water. Whoa that motherfucker they used to haw us boy. Getting that motherfucker water, niggas getting that hot C. See, see my problem was niggas wouldn't even play it straight and get the Sprite. You know what I'm saying? Something that look like it. Niggas wanna go get fruit punch or white. I like bro come on bro. If you gonna steal, steal I ain't like Sprite bro. I wanted that motherfucker Hot C that machine bro. He scooping it up from McDonald's that you listen to a Afrobeat. What's the nah that ain't even Afrobeat sick ass ringtone. What's the, this shit Drake Big Booty? No that's that. That's the one dude bark Not nice.


He gotta weird case while I see around. Yeah that nigga what Kendrick said that the song is so funny bro. Tell the nigga he gotta weird case is crazy not nice. Kendrick is fucked up. For real. That's crazy. I was unfortunately a part of that flaw way man. I had the the F three with the, yeah I had none. I had some flaws too. That was nasty. My grand heels with the blue pad at the straight. Yeah we talking about Rock. I rocking forever. I love Atlanta. The one scrappy was wearing. Yeah I was, I was. I get on my level hall. Yeah I respect you lose them at the Grand Hills are Elite and what I had were not Elite. Yeah but they was, they was a wave at the time.


Man, I, I could hop one. They was, they was part of the two for 89. I ain't gonna stunt for sure. I had the Reebok classics too. Never. I focused the Reebok classics though though. Shout to my nigga Philip Co. He still wear he is Get 'em. I love them for sure. Long as they not the black with the gum Souls if you had them that's DMI Air Force one level. A nigga with some black Reeboks with the gum. Soul will definitely rob you. Well you talking about the leather joints? Yeah. Yeah. Nah that was you had to keep a sway period. Had to keep a sway period. Those was the lead. That old, that OG Reebok the black and white. That's a legendary shoe bro. And the cream ones too. What's crazier? The all back in the days. The all white Reebok or the all white case whi all white case Swiss is the legendary shoe.


Mm. That's a staple shoe. I'm cool. All the bitches from Freaknik yo mama, your auntie, your grandma wore a white K SW with some dental For sure. For sure. With a Tommy Hilfiger jumper. Mm a hundred percent. So I cool. They still was weak. I'm never ever going to disrespect the K SW and that Lineage. Kwi actually had a AAU team with some hall of Famers on it back in the day they was hooping the case with Paul Pierce, Kevin Garnet, all them niggas they was sponsored by case with. So I ain't gonna disrespect the brand. That's why. That's why he limping around now. Nigga was hooping the case with get on my level. That's crazy man.


He fought the memories out. He can't can't wear that shoe though now though. Nah you can't. You outta pocket. You just can't. That ain't even no running back like get on. Can't be by the door. Get on by. Huh? Lil John used to turn nigga, bitch nigga you can never, Hey you know they have them mess with them me. Oh with lawsuits. They gonna have one for Lil John like hey if you was every other party and this came on Methe, I fucked it up. But hey I thought that nigga said something else bro. Nah, I fucked up with, I thought he said missing somebody mama. I was like what? Go god damn. Try to get me out the pay early po but nah get on my level. So many people got beat up to Lil John music bro. They should sue him bro.


Class section lawsuit bro. Bill, bill why you whacking like oh Lil John is the goat. Nobody was fucking Lil John in the area. Nah bro. House parties was different. I mean I know that was bro as you were house parties we wasn't in the clubs yet but that was a different time to hear that shit. I couldn't imagine being in a club at that time period. I couldn't imagine. I like hearing that now. Like for the kids that came out now Lil John came out now there'd be so many deaths bro. Swear to God. I think that first album was called Krung Juice that his, his movement was way worse than drill music. Not like it wasn't worth, I'm talking about to get you hype you know. Oh for sure That's instant. Yeah if you hear Chief Keith and them nah Yeah like he make you hype down but like them niggas when you heard bitch nigga you could never what nigga these little niggas would be.


Yeah. Niggas was fighting but see these niggas now shooting your motherfucker head off your shoes. Yeah so like but he gonna have nigga crash out bro. Nigga head busted bro. Like all the songs he had played a party in bro. Niggas was getting beat the fuck up. Lil Johnny used to stab motherfuckers. He was the first Clear and Shock. That's the top Pop Lu verse. Oh my mama he snapped. L Snapped on B, on B, B Luda sl. Oh a hundred percent Little. That might be, that might be one of the best features I ever heard bro. Him motherfucking Bogen on what's the name, I can't remember that song Bogen Snapped on and Chyna White killed it too. On her verse.


Hell yeah. Yeah Snapped. We never heard Bogan outside of them. Little John saw but when he was on there bro my nigga got off. Nah, Bogen was fire up. That drove is ludicrous on Lu. Ludicrous got a crazy run on features though. Clear and Sneaky. Sneaky features. Who got a crazier Lil John feature? Jada or Ludacris? Ludacris. Ludacris that way better than the Jada? Yes that me, I be as crazy. I'm rolling but Jada got off too bro. On what? Hold on y'all. Nah I'm slow. I I got you clear. Don't you worry. Yeah play that real quick for me Mike. That's first spot. I'm on it now that BIB our Lil John I mean Ludicrous verse no Jayda killed that.


Hey I don't know if y'all heard this in a while but the beat, the beat overpowering Jada? Yeah I'm cool. Oh the over the over? No he killed that He did like I just came home. DJ not Captain. Nah he fucked that up. I'm cool on me. He fucked that up. Went crazy than Lu. Chris was just more memorable. Nah then fire up that drove nigga made me wanna do something I don't even do Fire up that drove. Hey what's funny is he was in the news recently. That nigga was a drawer. He took off his mask and stuff. Lady. He knows talking to Ludacris. I know he's known for like commercials and stuff but Ludacris has like elite rap albums.


Like my nephew didn't know who Ludacris. He thought he was only on Fast and Furious No Cat. That's crazy. That's crazy. These niggas ain't heard Chicken a beer. That's crazy. That is wild. That nigga thought he was like Lu Luke the one from Fasten Furious. I was like he is a rapper. What? I was like yeah the funny shit about that is my auntie felt the same way about Tyrese. She like the one that's in the Fast Furious. I said Tyrese this, that nigga was in Baby Boy before he was in Fast Furious. Are you serious? Your auntie out of pocket for not knowing Sweet Lady. Yeah she not invited Chris in. That's know Tyrese. Seens Sweet Lady is That's crazy. She she's she's too out of touch. Did she do some She needs to. Could you be? Nah, little Chris really got some sneaky, sneaky like why that nigga didn't play the song though?


He don't know it. I was waiting for y'all to finish. Oh man turn Bo bo mock the floor up. Try to stop my dude. They say they caught me at the with a block of snow. They did not catch you with nowhere. He was like shut off. Talking about the white girls no Tyrese out of features. Nigga really got me thinking about Ludacris. Lures just snapped on a lot of shit bro. Man. Yeah he did a lot for Khaled. He snapped on that. Stand up if you don't like what I'm saying then Oh playing. You see me we get throw over as Suckers ain on that. Yeah and and sto the young buck with the tdi. Oh yeah. Yeah Him B Easy quick catching feelings.


Hey shout out to Luda underwriter rap career bro. For sure. Underrated. It is not appreciated or enough Ludacris. Damn near one up like in my top 10 though. I ain't mad at it bro. 'cause that chicken and beer shit was horrible classic rap album bro. I swear to God that shit raw. I I have to think about top 10. We used to do them freestyles on his album. Fo I nigga, nigga Four Eyes now I'm going to blow up that earth with my Pew 36 explosive face top top 10 is, I dunno why. I remember nigga he was going crazy and for a little second. DTP had a, he had cheeky cracky four second. Hell God. Oh yeah One call away. Shout to my nigga two chains. He was part of D DC for a little bit.


Two. Yeah, I'm I'm happy he got out that deal boy. That that was get that's another feature guy though. Two chains got a lot of features. Damn. We just went down memory lane. That felt good man. Man Two chains got a lot of crazy features. Lot and a hell of a run. I mean it ain't over obviously but he had a crazy, crazy run that Kanye two chain run was that got him going for real? Yeah, my campaign The 39th greatest rapper of all time. Who Ludicrous Billboard has in March as the 39th. 39th. That ain't bad. God damn. I mean it's a lot of more, he don't rap. It's a lot like he don't rap like bro at his top 10 let's I get it. But he definitely 39 like, like pause who's above him?


Because I wanna see now if bleak of course Like the the norm Don't do that. My nigga Bleak. That's my nigga. They got Drake at eight Snoop Dogg? Yeah. Yeah Just 10. Yeah they Kanye above little Chris. I don't know about that one. What? Say what? Kanye. Kanye as a rapper above Lu. Hey, hey Mike. Don't do that. Are you Serious? I'm not putting Kanye rapper Boy. Hey, hey boy. You Do that as a rapper. I'm not putting Kanye as a Rapper. Yeah we gotta final replacement. I don't, I don't care what, what category it is. Is Kanye West above Ludacris. Well I mean niggas did Right. Kanye rapper though. That's what I'm saying. I'm not putting him as a rapper about Lu. There's no lies. Let's not be fool that Ludacris about Kanye. Come on, y'all don't make my head hurt today y'all please.


Everything Else. Yes but as a rapper, I mean Kanye niggas did write Kanye wrong though. Do that mean anything. I we're not doing this today. That mean Diddy's A better songwriter than everybody. Come on Mike Diddy's a producer. Kanye a producer. Kanye really raps rap. You think he can't rap less rap? I'm not saying he can't rap. He don't. Nigga bro. Kanye Ros Lu. We know rap that know nigga bro. We a lot nigga. Nigga y'all rolling with that Ludicrous rap better than Yeah Niggas wrote Ye Rhyme. I'm not being a part of this conversation. Yeah, niggas wrote yay rhyme bro. Y'all got it. I ain't gonna say rap Saha. He don't rap better than Sahi. A lot of niggas don't rap better.


Saha but Saha wrote them bars for Ye for sure. So I, I ain't, yeah I I feel you Mike Ludic. That's Ludicrous Pen. That's cool. Fuck that pen. Y'all need to talk about qui Miller Pen too. Oh see y'all talking about Ghosties. You can't say no but Drake wrote but Drake wrote for niggas though. He worked for Dr. Dre. I ain't gonna say Kanye ain't ever helped niggas in the booth. 'cause I don't know if he did or not. I'm also Not putting Future above. Whoa, whoa, whoa. He trying to piss everybody out as a Barbie. Barbara Bar. Hey Barbara Bar. I'm gonna take Luna too, but Future talking about song like Future way better song but rapping.


I agree. Got together rap. Nah, who's gonna have a better verse What we got today? Who gonna have a, because I'm gonna need this drink for this conversation. The song who? Never a better verse. A better verse. My bad. A better verse. Ah, it depends what ludicrous rapping on like they Got Gucci at 38. I love Gucci. I'm not making Gucci a better rapper than Ludacris. Yeah I ain't, I ain't, I'm rolling with that. Ludacris don't got the movie. Ludacris got chicken and beer. He does. He has a classic ripe album. Gucci got Chicken Talk. He's the chicken Talk one. Fuck Niggas. I'm not doing what's affected to say Ludacris. Yeah nigga may slick my bro.


Y'all, if y'all doing straight rappers then y'all gonna have to do Fab and putting Ludacris in with Fab and Jada and St. Styles P and 50 C. He rap better than STS P And he don't rap better than Jada though. Yeah, no. And They got Jada at 46. That's out of pocket. I'll take, I'll take Jada over Ludicrous. I take Jada over Denver. A lot of people I don't know who made that list but we better stop quoting from there. That don't sound about right. Billboard. Oh Billboard Is Ludacris a better rapper than Fab? I like that. No, but Ludacris makes better music. I was say I like yeah y'all niggas is Wildling today Fab is a way better rapper than Ludacris than me. But I think Ludacris makes better music. Oh that nigga Lu bro.


He just stopped rapping though. He did but he, that nigga he rap for a long time. I mean he could rap. Rap For real, for real. Shit no fat bro. I ain't saying Fab Kid. No, that Ludacris don't have no Soul teeth. That's Two of My favorites. He got Chicken Beard. I'm gonna say it one more time. What's that? What's his first one back for the first time? Oh that motherfucker hard too. That's his hardest one to me. And what's that Mama Runaway love on that motherfucker. I hate that fucking song. What's the one with the Red Hat? Yeah, that nigga was snip dear. The Mind is Fire. He was therapy. Cool. Yeah, Barbie. Who you rather listen to Future or Ludicrous Man stop. I mean now I just asking Queen. Let me ask the Queen that wasn't the queen top because like he move the needle and shit bro.


Nah, nah, nah. We keep it straight narrow bro. We don't move the needle. We already in there. Let's, is it, is it future? He talking right now bro. Oh is it? Is it Future or Ludicrous For real though. So far as rapping for you? Barbie rapping. Fuck Who you like more. You got opinion? So your opinion matters on this show? Show? Yeah. Who's the better rapper? I mean of course I'm wouldn't say future now but Ludacris is hard. I don't feel like you can compare him to. Oh okay. A lot of people always put Ludacris as a comparison with Nelly. Okay. Nah, he watched Nelly bro. Yeah I would. Damn Barbara. What kind fruit is that?


I was, you didn't gimme a chance to say don't I can't put that. We was already talking about what we drinking today. What you got? Yeah. Hi Everybody. How you Oh well what's up? You just, you know walk in store Disclaimer and say do not eat the cranberries 'cause they're frozen. You gonna break it Tooth Man? Nah, these good. We bought ice cream over here. You me fucking Carrot. We Got off the Pine punch. It's Strawberry cranberry and pineapple juice. Okay. Yeah it's on salad right here. I fuck with little Christmas cocktail. Yeah I fuck with turn up. It's called what? Off the peasy. Damn off the Peasy. That Christmas cocktail. That motherfucker Cranberry Ain't no ho Mic off the perks.


This beverage goes well with Perk thirties. The real garnish. Oh man. Shout out to Adderall. All the users something wrong with it. Barbie, what's the best drink you ever made? That's what's your best like cocktail? I be mixing up a lot of stuff so I don't know. I, I like making margaritas. My favorite drink to make is the margaritas. Mm. What kind of tequila? What you, what you use? What kind of tequila you use? Don Reposado and I like to make a mango with a Tahe Ri. That's my favorite. Tahe. What Em ri Like.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what the Mexican juice on Make fruit. You had a Margarita with that juice? Any, have you ever drank a spicy margarita? No Ma. That ain't really my line. Spicy margarita. I, I felt about niggas who drink like bloody Marys. Yeah. I'm Not drinking My blood. Yeah you need to be arrested. Yeah, I don't want my liquor to be be hot. That's crazy. But that's why I do like mango with the jalapeno so like balances out. Okay. Y'all gonna try one I'm make Nah probably he gonna get wicked. He the taste tester. He drink. You don't drink spicy drink. He got a different type of tongue. No don't drink. Would you drink this? You drink lemon drops? Will you drink those? Make him a spicy lemon drop.


There we go. Okay. Bad bitch. Bad bitch contest Mike first then who Y'all who y'all taking though? Nelly or Ludacris? Real shit. Niggas man. Ludacris over Nelly. Yeah. Yeah. Who I I'm asleep. Yeah I was gonna say Nelly catalog's crazy. Yeah I go hold y'all damn like all music or like just them. Just all. Oh y don't care about both. Both of em cost 20,000. You got 20,000 to bring him here. You bringing Ludacris over Nelly? Oh if I'm trying to sell a show, I'm is Nelly bringing Ashanti? No he coming solo. I'm taking Ludacris. Yeah if I gotta sell a show then yeah I'm gonna grab Luda. But if I'm trying to play the slaps nigga, I'm Nelly bro.


I don't know if little Chris got hot in here bro. Who is like we just talked talking basketball. Who is the Nelly of basketball? Damn. Since we like doing top five Hol we a sports podcast. Who is Nelly? A basketball? He is the Nelly of basketball. Gotta have a elite catalog and competition. The competition was very high. Or we doing like ever or right now Just like who's your Nelly of basketball? Mm My Nelly of basketball. Who? I don't know bro because I feel like rapping sports go together very, it's hand in hand. I just wonder who y'all compare if y'all would compare athletes you need get somebody on the dream team.


Yeah, I gotta get some. Okay, let's do it with the, all right we could do it from an All star. I gotta be an all star. Obviously Nelly was a Nelly won Scy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Nelly won Diamond bro. So you gotta go with somebody who had like a five year run that was cra is it Gilbert? Arenas is Nelly Gilbert Rings or Gilbert The Rings didn't do enough shit. She ain't do enough. He ain't go Diamond. Diamond is winning a a World World championship. I feel like it's Kyrie Nelly. I almost said that Kyrie is Nelly of basketball. All my kids. I almost said that. I promise to God I did but I just didn't like Kyrie. Just Kyrie so good. He damn near the most creative, most talented basketball player.


I was gonna say Kyrie is like the Kanye of basketball to me. Overall he's the most talented. He is the most talented. Yeah he is. Literally we can do a little bit. Yeah, I'll take that longevity. Okay, so who's Nel? Damn. I was trying to think because I almost said Kauai. I don't want Frank Boy. Yeah, I was gonna say Kauai. Yeah Ka had because he went down. Yeah. Yeah he went, Nelly was in competition when Eric, when the best of the best were out making music. Ka ka is Nelly. Let's mark it down. Kawhi is Nel. Yeah. That's a hell of a run that he had Toronto bro. Yeah. And Nelly turned the whole city up. He turned up. He had the, he had in the movies with the Spurs. He had them turnt like them bro ticks. They left them niggas, they left them niggas that wanted Chip by himself.


Come on bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a get that boy round applause boy. I'm not, I'm not bad at that. That's something to think on though. So who, okay well


Ludicrous getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns. They're on sale at DraftKings Sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect? The number one place to bet touchdowns? Grab some tds with Draftking Sports book. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the DraftKings Sports book app and use code Club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


What's going on? I'm DJ Wells. I'm Brandon Hendricks and we are role partners over here at K Club five 20. Man, listen, roll sparks. If you're trying to get it cracking the right way. If you wanna make sure the tonight's extra special, all you gotta do is tap in it is at prescription. Just follow the instructions online and they will get you squared away if you qualify for this. And if you do qualify for this man, you gonna have a hell of a time be here and tell the people about Rose Sparks. Man, Rose Sparks brought me back to life man. Me and my wife had a great time outta town and this, this got the moment going though. So shout out to Ro Sparks. Come on man. Simple and easy to use. Let December, get that playlist cracking. You know what I'm saying? You might have a little bit more on that playlist. Be in, take it at dinner. Use it at dinner. You know what I mean? When y'all about to cash out on that bill, ride around, hit the highway, take the backways home and you know what I mean By the time y'all enter the crib, it's going down. Come on man. Listen road Sparks be here. They gave y'all arrested plea. Listen, we are the official Road Sparks partner here. Make sure you use the promo code Club five 20, get you $15 off your prescription man. Tap in. Get online. It's easy. They'll connect you with a medical professional. If prescribed new sexual health patients get $15 off Sparks on a reoccurring plan. Connect with a provider at row.co/club five 20 to find out if prescription road sparks are right for you. That's right, that's ROC slash Cub five 20 for $15 off your first order.


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus, you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with PN plus. Unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and Knicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studios, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture spots where designer handbags are the real deal. And All your favorite dead style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So Join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the Holidays.


Gotta have somebody with more longevity. Mm, Ludacris that's a tough one. It's somebody who had a consistent career. I'm just, I just didn't listen to little Chris like that though. And then just stopped. Nelly was so big. Yo, he didn. Really? Nelly stopped though that I don't know if he's Kauai bro. Nelly had tip drill. He had no ka Kelly rolling. It's the, the versatile catalog is Ka. Was he? He got chips and Mo in this hot in here bro right there. I mean Ka far batter rug. Oh our bad. We supposed to Barbie, we left you back there. We, we appreciate you Right on just smiling King.


I was gonna say something but Nelly had another one that was gonna be inappropriate. Bt tip drill. Nah, tip Drill was was legendary but Kawhi had like a A legendary run. Elite run. Most most valuable player in the finals. Yeah. Went in, went in two rings. In two different franchises is different. Yeah bro. In this era too because Nelly, Nelly went from being a rapper. So I mean he was still rapping but that crossover era when he was making them the the country hits the all in my head shit. Them that song went crazy like yeah that's why I'm taking him over Pop star bro. Y'all but okay Luda. So who Luda? That's a hell of a question.


I can't think of who I could say. Probably like James Hard bro. Wow. Hell no. Yeah, MVP lead the league in Score. That's Eminem. Nah, Ludacris is, I mean James Harden is Eminem bro. Of who? Nah. Yeah bro. Everybody know he really up there but you ain't gonna say it. It is something the battle that make you be like nah, I can't say it like niggas know him and his nice if any, if anybody He's future. Who? James Hard future ain't win. Like James hard. He well he's 11 times Platinum bro. Hey bro. Eminem Diamond winning an MVP is Diamond.


He ain't just Platinum Win winning a championship is Diamond bro. Nah because everybody can win a champion. Anybody can win a win. A Champ. Nah not Stars though. But you wasn't a star bro. It don't matter. You could be anybody can win. A Champ was a star Giannis. That's Giannis and them like nah, future ain't high enough. Mm. I can't do that bro. He's the guy. 11 platinum albums bro. 11? Yes. That y'all quit tested brand with Future shit today. It's the, I dunno 11 niggas his cat, he does not have 11 platinum albums. Look at Yes he does. He got 11 platinum albums. Damn. No he don't bro. Look it up. Everything Future got 11 Platinum album. If they count everything in Missha himself as far as what it counts as now then probably so for sure.


'cause he 11 platinum albums. He does have a lot of bodies at work though. Since he has eight. Man, come on. I know the cap was real. 11 is a lot. You just gonna lie. I'm be like 11 bro. He got more than Jay-Z. That's sounds like damn if they count it all the mix tapes and shit, maybe it makes sense. Where on my phone got more recount. Y'all talk y'all do y'all thing we're my phone but James Harden. Nah, James Hart Eminem bro. Damn James Harden didn't win no chip bro. He went MVP fucking Eminem was like considered the best rapper at this point in time. That's what James Harden was. He went MVP, he considered the best player at one time. I wasn't a chip bro. Kawa got a better career NBA career than James Harden. Ka.


Why We don't got no MVP. Damn James Harden don't got no championship and they got 10. We got one says 11 but most of 'em say eight. What happened went on Twitter? It says 11. Oh okay. It was Twitter. Okay. I lie on Twitter. This this entail. Yeah he ain't even on there allegedly. Kawa Kauai got two championships with two different franchises bro. On team of awards man. Oh shit. Now niggas is back being for real. That niggas back now you just praised him for the shit saying now you saying nigga great comparison to Nelly. Nelly don't have no team. He do. He was with the St. Louis bro right now.


Rights nigga. Su nigga. Right now it's only everybody else said, everybody else said we cool. Nelly said they wrote it. Oh nigga. Hey but that came out the next day. They were just like no we straight. That shit was funny as hell. Said he fucking up Christmas. Fuck around people Ali. That's a good question though. That's funny as hell man. Hey y'all, y'all the comments tell us man we want do y'all, y'all compare the top players in the league to rappers and see we that'd be fired. Yeah I would love to see that. For sure. Please tag us in that for sure. Your cousin man. Congratulations having a baby on the way man. I know man. He hit me up. Shout out to Orlando man. Who is the family? His wife man. Oh shit. Married. I thought that was about his mama.


Well he on bro. Nah, he had called me. Him and the wife having another one. Congratulations cus I was gonna ask y'all. You of course that's cousin's family. Where do you get Orlando Brown's baby share gifts. Oh no. Oh no. Nah they real like he be playing in real like nah he just be joking. I and you know what me bro Dude talk about that. Like we, I see him on another podcast bro. He is fairly normal. There's nothing wrong with OB bro. He just be playing bro. He is the biggest troll Yeah in the world bro. Just be trolling. He got a sick ass rebrand but I fuck with it 'cause he getting a bag. Yeah, I called him the other day man the BR is crazy though. I know Disney hate him.


He telling everything. I wonder do he still get checks from Disney? I'm sure they cancel that. Whatever residuals he had on. That's Raven. He is not. You can't cancel my residuals bro. Yeah we Disney bro. That's so Raven we kiss anybody bro used to tap into that show? Nah, I never watched that show. Nah. Well I seen it in past. I never said I watched that. I think the girl, her little sister watched that show all day. Damn. I used to be over that crib. She would be, that's how I learned the song. I'd be like, she used to act like her Everything. I be like if you gonna put her on a Disney show like yo, she's from the west. She's not going to Disney. Speaking of about show did I see the little girl from my wife and kids? She lit now? Yeah. Oh yeah.


She pretty, yeah I said Katie on the show. Yeah, Katie. Katie. Yeah Katie. That's a, I mean I got a nigga that acting just like Junior. I'll call you out but fuck it. Rodney Black. Oh my god. That's, that's one of my favorites. Junior man I like that show more than I like Fresh Prince. Damn. Hey you know what's crazy? I don't know if y'all hip to this. Have you seen Papa's House? Nah, I seen it on the, the Demand shit. But I ain't watching. Nah tap in bro. It's solid bro. It's, it's, it's super solid. What is that? It's it's him again with his son and he's like who? Junior? No, not junior. Real Junior. Like his nephew don't real life or some shit.


Damn. For real. I ain't know that. Yeah, it's crazy. I hated that all sitcoms or all them type of shows had a bro. Oh. Every show that is still Who was the worst wall though? Junior? No, no, no, no. Junior. I mean nah you had Junior. Fuck that JR. Had Ho Wal don't have no bitch. Damn. Oh Light-skinned girl was straight back then. Oh that wall was cracking. Did you see the best friend Laura Best friend was all bro. The light-skinned shorty was all right back then bro. In the nineties Detroit Junior knocked Was was what He he shot shoot to the Stars nigga. Oh God. She was tough. Yeah bro. Waldo could never bro, junior was too, Waldo was dumb. I ain't gonna lie. JR was too slow.


Cole was slow as hell too. Cole was slow. Hillary was dumb than the bitch facts. Hillary was a scammer. I put Hillary's always got nobody. Nobody was dumb on the Cosby Show. Nah, nah. I just freaky. Buddy used to get in trouble all the time. Yeah they was smoke. He said just freaky freaky ass niggas on that shop. Boy. I be mixing up old boy. Old Bill was freaky. I be mixing up old boy with nigga. Yeah bro. I mixed him up. Oh you got him fucked up bro. Freak. I was like damn that's not gonna my order. That ain't nah bro.


That's my ex man we gonna ahead on him man. Nah that's I I got him fucked up. Yeah I was gonna call him. I always, always mixed him up. I used to laugh on Family Map. We gonna talk about that for a second too. Eddie used to get his ass beat. There's so many episodes that Eddie getting jumped and get stomped out for something. He had like damn nigga shout out to our nigga article too. He going through it right now man. Because they said that. He said that Family Matters didn't get the love because it wasn't a longevity time 'cause it wasn't like hood enough. Damn. And everybody be like Nah bro. It's just that shit got lame after a while nigga. We grew up in South liking Urkel. Damn bro. I, I swear that was on TV for a long ass bro. It was a big deal bro. What he say? It wasn't like they don't, people don't consider it a black show.


Yeah it is. It is like it's not a 'cause it's not Hood, it's not like a cult classic. He said they don't get the same respect as the other black sitcoms because I mean Rich Prince one really like Hood that was suburban like a motherfucker motherfuckers lived in a mansion. Yeah. Yeah bro. I don't agree with that one. Hell nah. I think we all mentioned Family matters when we talk about black shows. Yeah we just don't fuck with it. I ain't gonna say we don't fuck we fucked with it but it got weird after a while. Yeah. Yeah. I mean trans transferring to other people and shit. Yeah when he became, when he came out with the fake dread, the gangster something else but I was like let die be crazy. That machine still worked to you. I gonna get his, I was about to out out when I was he wild nigga that was Hood already.


Yeah. I was like nigga how you Bruce Lee though? Like you know what I mean? Going into the chambers turning and Bruce Lee, he just started doing shit the last two seasons. I fuck with that Crash out. He was just ranking all the black shows and said Family Matters always Comes his last. But he compared himself to like Martin and Living single which are better shows. Yeah but he said Hood like living single he hood he kind of made it into Yeah he said if it's not you compare that shit to like yeah Thea was Hood parent Hood hanging with Mr. Cooper. Parent Hood don't get mentioned enough. Parent Hood was Elite Parenthood don't. There was some sad shit in. Yeah but that's what I'm saying. That's real. Everything was so trash they needed a bigger house but there too many people in that damn college bro. That reminded me of my area on 40th Street.


God damn man. Nigga getting jumped the area other week was so love was in that shit too. Yeah fa on No Chick was all right in there though. The daughter Reagan Gomez Elite man. Sir Gomez, she mixed whatever whenever. Shout alley Fire word God. I mean see he always shout this shit out. Shit. Shout out Taste. She shout. Nah she was tough Elite. Yeah. Damn my parents that's her name. I didn't know that but she was bad though. She was probably the to, to me she was number one outta all the girls. Nah old girl that was on crack though. She was number one. Who with LL Cool J stuff Meet the Browns.


Not that crack head. She had the best of all I talking about the real crack head. She went from a crack head to a lawyer. That's elite. That's fake. Yeah. Tyler Perry, Tyler Perry, shit you're outta pocket. We gonna talk about Tyler Perry in a minute. He don't have no rebrand. Nah he's real own brand. I'm talking about the one that really was on drug with hanging on Ku J Show. Damn what's her name? M Maya Campbell or something. Oh yeah she was hard. She was cold. Ah she was. Yeah she was but I'm still taking her. I don't taking parenthood bro. Damn I forgot about Parenthood. That's a class I gotta that black man. Yeah. Damn that's crazy. What y out to Irv J Little white man. We fuck with Family Matter. We need you on the show for sure.


Stay on that in the comments please get him on here. Tell bro to pull up, bring the purple article with you boy. She be filling these bitches up on me. Be careful. Hey man this is completely random but we going to sports for second bill Bud. Check going to coach you and C it's crazy. That's hard. Okay. Said he going to do it so his son can take over. That's fire. When he done, when he done coaching, his son gonna take over UNC but his pops went there. Yeah he was a assistant. Something like that. Yeah something like that. That's fire. He signed a five year deal. I don't think Bill Belichick gonna be in college for five years. No what? Nah. Do you think he'll bring UNC back though? He think he'd get recruits. I'm gonna tell you right now if Bill Belichick get UNC in the college playoff for the next two years, he's the goat.


I think he is. I think people will enjoy playing with him. But they gave him $20 million in NIL. Yeah he he gonna get some motherfuckers. Oh for sure. And I'm gonna tell you what for damn sure certain that defense is going to be yo defense gonna be shit. Gonna crack heads bro. You trying to get to the league. Shut the fuck up and tap in bro. Yeah. Damn. 20 million ain't bad. That's a, that's a big perch to go spin boy. Yeah you could spread that out bro. On offense and defense. Not well this is, this is college football. You motherfuck AJ Bans whatever the fuck his name is rocking around. Nah, it's a little bit different. They you going, you pay can't probably can't pay for quarterback year one probably. You know what I'm saying? Gotta feel the rest of roster Maybe next year but I get my quarterback too.


Nah, maybe getting like four 5 million. Yeah that's you. You get you a nice little four fifth year transfer, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. You gotta get you one from like Miami of Ohio some shit. Yeah. Go get nigga who underperformers soft school. Get the portal. Gimme a nice little bag. You can't just go get you a five five nigga. $2 million a sheet for a quarterback at a power five. Get Ohio State quarterback made what? Like 6 million this year? Yeah. You see what they did it for? Oh boy. To flip to Michigan? Yeah them them, them niggas I know better than me. Shit. He got 12 million didn't he? Yeah, somewhere around in that ballpark. One nigga got 12. Yeah but he's over four. I think he's over three. Four. Oh he's over four. He is also like the best quarterback number one in his class type shit. So it's a little different like he's the see my niggas had to grow up and get motherfuck Pell grants.


I know. You know what I hate. I'm about to voice my opinion on that shit. Shit is crazy bro. Had to have a PE grant. I had to take the SAT get a have a certain GPA to get into school. Niggas ain't nigga I go to school now. The teachers can't even fail you. Yeah. You ain't even allowed to get failed. Like you get a, I remember you can get a FA zero F you can't even get a zero no more. Damn. Damn. Like you know I mean you if you ain't turned nothing in bro, you got a zero. They don't even get zeros no more. Do they? The kids still gotta take SATs and shit. Acts damn they're not. Oh okay. Yes and no. There's ways to get around it. It used to not be no way to get around it.


It's ways to get around it. It's a lot of niggas. Life was messed up off that SAT and a CT. Nah. Yeah that changed a lot of niggas direction. That used to be like a torn ACL for niggas. If you were below the graduating class of 2008, boy with SAT used to fuck people up. But I'm like how you can't get a 16 though on the a CT? That shit had me in a choke ho nigga. I had to have a 18 mm I thought it was a 16 when I was in school. Nah, you had to be, it went by your GPA. Oh okay. And I had played around my freshman and sophomore year. So my GPA was lower. I had like a two eight, I needed like a 3.0 to get like a 16 or something. Like 15. Yeah. I ended up getting a 26 though. They red flagged me the first time.


They like this nigga definitely cheated and I did and what I did, yeah 26 on a T. The nigga next to me did this nigga boy, mama boy a scholar boy. He's an asking dude with no teeth bro. I swear to God he did this, he did that. I was like, I said okay start marking the motherfuckers down. Came back 26. I was like yeah what damn 26. I'm like yeah man you gotta retake that. It's a red flag. I came back and I got 26 again. I can't remember that was a sitcom story too. Somebody on them shows. One of 'em niggas did that on a show.


I wanna say it was Will Smith that took took the cat ass test. I love how that crowd always had that little like woo after some bullshit like that happens. I did 26, I got 26 times. That's damn good on that motherfucker. Shout to you for fucking around and doing good on the retweet. 'cause a lot of times niggas spend a block and it get spooky. Yeah. I ain't had to take the SATI was through after I seen the C-T-A-C-T score. I was like yeah I never took the SAT t. Yeah that's a lot too. They like you should take it to it like for fucking what? They was like well if you don't wanna go to Wake Forest, some people only take the SAT. Well it look like I'm gonna wake forest. Fuck we doing. I'm gonna wake. Yeah it's over with. IU needs the SAT. Yeah. I ain't going there. That's crazy.


College is totally different now man. Fuck. And it's funny now 'cause like even your perspective from that, like you not even like the old nigga hating, but some of the older players is like, damn, like these kids got it made. I'm like yeah this how shit just work now. That's how it go. I remember being broke, like going to school with nothing and asking your mama for $50 every two weeks. And she like, boy you whiling like alright, I, I know how to get it. You wanna give more you other way. You either wanna give it to me or I'm gonna go get it a different one. His hands are sticky. Every boy's in the pocketbook boy let ACC steal my mama. The real Y'all shout to my cousin man.


He made sure I was straight man. RFPU man for sure. Shout to cousin. That's crazy. 'cause right now what you what all A CC? What you get NIO your sophomore year? Two, 3 million on me. Like I probably would've came back from my junior year. They probably gave me like three or four. What would you would've done? I went to the league. I was a, I wanted to go to the NBA. Yeah. I was one of them niggas that wanted to be in college. I hated school. Mm. And at Wake Forest you really had to go to class, bro. Like it wasn't like nigga, you the star nigga, they did not care about basketball at Wake Forest. Mm. Like you be walking around campus, it ain't like nobody be like, oh my god. Yeah, we won last night.


Maybe he just headphones on. People walk by you. They, they don't know you on the team. They don't care. Damn. That's crazy bro. 'cause at Butler that's good too though bro. First of all, Gordon Hayward was that nigga on campus but Shing Ronald and then when they walked around campus, bro, it was love bro. It was, it was campus was lit my first few years, it was not my first year, year, well not my first year, but my sophomore junior year we went to two national championships. Bro. It was lit. It wasn't lit that way. We was number one in the country. It was very, that's crazy. Very. But our football team was lit. They was like top 10 in the country at that time. I think that was good for y'all though, bro. I ain't talked to nobody anyway. And that's a small school. Yeah. It's only like 4,500 people. Yeah, it's a small people. They call it workforce though.


Like niggas be studying on Friday for real. Like you would walk in the, the dorms and like y'all had a lot of rich motherfuckers come out of there. Okay, so y'all alumni is crazy. A lot of paper, some paper. Y'all YNIL should be od bro. But that's what I'm saying bro. There's so much money in the way all them fucking doctors and lawyers and some engineers and shit. Like when I went there and I, when I went on my visit, I seen a GWA and a Hummer H three Hummer. I was like, yeah, I like this. Yeah I want to go here. That was random times. Brand new go here. Oh they got that bread up here man. That's funny. We talk about this old cars. We used to be super impressed by, I remember when you had the Hummer, that was crazy. Yeah, the H two was a moment in time bro. Nah, that motherfucker for a couple weeks bro. I, that was my baby.


Oh, don't say it ain't so. Don't say I said it. The Hawks beat the Knicks. Mm. Have a great morning tomorrow. I can't wait till tomorrow. I have a great morning show. I can't wait till tomorrow as Cat. Yeah, did, did Tre Young have 20 over 20 points? We can talk about it in the morning. I, I'm just trying to see if I can go buy some shoes and I'll leave here or not. That's all. I'm sorry. Damn. Report back. If Trey Young got opportunity, it's up. I'll let you know. Fucking bombs. I told y'all it's a year and a haw. I don't even know what the sound, the haw a hawk Domin Wood rolling his grave here and there. Spud web ain pulling up no talk soon. When I say niggas was shitty about him killing Sam Cael, he had 22 turn young.


Oh my God. Yeah. Who was killing Sam Cael. You said Sam Cael rolling in his grave about somebody not playing defense and they were just like, he's still alive. He's trying to get a job. Oh, niggas was, who was like duh nigga. Oh they was mad. Damn. They don't know was don't wanna tell you to chill the fuck out bro. Damn for Sam right here. I said sale got some killers. Shout to oh we damn four. Why you pulling his picture up? I was just making sure he, yeah, he's fucked up. He's a coach. He been looking like that for a long time. Shout to sale man. We need you on the show. Sam Cael Turbo Hill. That's the nastiest verse. I'm not doing that. I focus with Sam.


I'm not, I'm not on the sale background. I know Tlu or Ty, Ty Hill background. I focus with Sam. Man take your chances. What else happened in the world man? For sure man. Did y'all check out the Jamie Fos Netflix special? I did. Yeah. That, that shit is a touching story for real. I know a lot of people feel in different ways about it but from my perspective on it, I think it's dope that he even got the opportunity to even say this. Y'all talking about he black tre, he said he was like the fact that he even got a chance to explain himself what happened Because with celebrity, anything you do is getting documented. A lot of times he'll just be fighting away and it could have been a situation where we've seen people pass away from this. So the fact that he bounced back and got to even narrate this and even felt open enough to share that moment with us bro was crazy.


Yeah that was a touching moment. Like even him playing the guitar, his daughter playing the guitar and singing with his daughter and all that, like that was different. I'm like damn. It's kind of like funny but touching for sure. Yeah, he was trying to crack jokes in between. But you can tell nigga that was a serious, hey y'all listen up right now type shit. Yeah, yeah bro. For sure. Let me highlight y'all about not taking life for granted for real. And a lot of people just like, well it's not the funniest thing, it's not the most entertaining I've seen him. I'm like that's not really the fucking point of this. The fact that he can do this shit is amazing as he bro. But he a standup guy though, so I mean clearly it wasn't for that though. Like the niggas broke out like out the gate crying damn near like he kept saying El saved my life, El saved my life.


Said that shit 20 times bro. So it was just a different vibe. That's crazy bro. For you to die though and come back like that nigga said he missed 20 days. Like I don't remember 20 days of my life bro. That's a long as up bro. Minute bro. That damn a month bro. Bro. What the fuck bro? Imagine you talking to a girl, you ain't answer your fault for three weeks. Nigga come back. That's crazy bro. That's like that. 51st days might be pregnant nigga. I'm, I'm going back to 20 days later she ain't fucking around me pregnant. Oh yeah bitch that ain't mine. Shit. I've been under water the last three weeks. That ain't mine. I forgot that baby too. Oh me and left that with me but hey man what about that?


What about that could happen though? Got girl pregnant. You with me and Imma the though like I'm dead. If you got her pregnant. Not in the coma bro. Motherfucker they ain't standing up. You can't remember though. He gonna be a lie taker test but he ain't gonna be the DNA test. You gonna be, it's gonna be the DNA test gonna come back yours. But are you really the father? 'cause you don't remember this kid. I mean did I who before I slipped into the coma. Like how is this you? If she why you were in a coma? That's a charge. Well she's mine you if I'm dead baby get on top. We ain't we ain't charge you that you, you dj in the night. You slipped into a coma.


Oh. You never got a chance to her to tell you I'm pregnant. What they do in Draft Kings that is that gonna cancel the bet? That offsets a default bet. Nah, no, no, no. That's my kid. That's my kid. She just got the best of me before I took a nap. That's all. She got the best of me. But you wake up and you don't remember what happened though. You just like you got that D you got DI know, but I I'm gonna swab him like Kurt Frost did. Lil Buddy. Oh love hip hop. Hey hip hop moment. He tried Magic Johnson. No, come here little nigga get in there. So but what if that come back yours though.


But you don't remember night bro. I'ma take care of But y'all ain't on good terms though. I don't remember you either. I'm I'm gonna take care of my shit. 'cause you going have to especially fucking with y'all niggas. But you don't. I got to You don't remember night. You don't remember the night? I I, I fucked up bro. Ain't gonna remember them a CH payments shit. I didn't, I didn't, I didn't hoop in some shit and the motherfucker laid next to me and I forgot about it. Shit. Let alone shit, let alone fuck it then you But that's like playing 2K assimilating the season nigga three weeks. Boy. Like it happen but for me, for me to come outta a coma, you pregnant. It is crazy. I think it's 2020 days is enough time for him to go to the Blizzard machine though.


And that's not the person you need to tell me too. Yeah, because I'm gonna go right back. Look the cookies and cream that one hell Dairy Queen because it depend on where I'm at in life though bro. But if she have it, I mean it is what it is. I'll be, you got the best of me man. Shout to Jamie Foxx man please. We ain't gonna spoil it man. Check it out man. For sure. It's definitely positive to hear back from Jamie man. One of the most talented people ever. Probably the most talented person on this Earth


Game on because e ESP n plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with SPN plus. Unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and Knicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture spots where designer handbags are the real deal and all your favorite dead style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rare trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any do it yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus BestFest of recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the Holidays.


What's some of y'all favorite? Jamie Foxx Rose or movies? This is just Ray for me. Ray was unbelievable. I don't watch no other Jamie Foxx movies like that though. But Booty call him and he Buns. That's my dog. Jamie Foxx show was a top five show to me. Yeah, shows. Shows. Three IIII fucked the Jamie Foxx show bro. Yeah it is right after family. My wife and kids. Mm. Wife and kids are fired ass. That show is fired bro. He's Been in a lot Of movies though. Yeah, I know. I'm saying did not watch. I'm talking about that. Oh Jamie Foxx. I'm just, no. Jamie Foxx has classics. Nah for sure. Classic. I'm just saying bro. I'm just Ray dj. I love Django. Yeah I didn't watch that. I love Ray Booty call like you said.


Yeah Ali, here's role with Ali is definitely far. Y'all taking Ali over Ray any given Sunday Uhuh? I'd rather watch Ali than Ray but Ray's a better movie. Fox the movie. Oh no. Yeah I'd rather watch Ali but Ray's a better movie. Yeah I like watching Ray Ray. Yeah man that shit's crazy for him to act like that. Nah, just like that nigga bro. Yes bro. That shit is crazy. He damn near looked like the nigga. Oh my mama. He looked like her. Will Smith did not look like Muhammad bro. No nigga, he looked like Will Smith nigga. I knew that was Will Smith nigga. That nigga Jamie Foxx looked just like Ray Charles bro bro my mama nigga in haircut cutting.


Oh nigga looked like Ray Charles. That shit was insane bro. Yeah bro. Will Smith being Ali is crazy. I ain't gonna lie in his underrated. 'cause that Ali movie is is so good. But Will Smith look like Will Smith, that's just like your, your boy playing Michael Jackson Flex? Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah we can't do that bro because they die flexed. Yeah it ain't bad. They sent me Salsa Flex but niggas look like themselves in the movie is what I'm saying. Will Smith looked like Will Smith. The movie was good, that's why I wanted to get a disclaimer. First of all, Ali is a great movie but I'm talking about the niggas lookalike. That's a disrespectful to Muhammad. The most disrespectful thing is that Flex makes the smirk the entire movie to look like Michael Jackson. It still doesn't look like him and it pisses me off bro.


He on his face in entire movie. Movie. Watch that bro. I've never watched it bro. I just, because it was just there bro. I just see the highlights and I just turn it off. It's another bio. I had never watched it and I've always seen the clips of it. I would just went, went through it, watch it and say why about people was trash Michael Jordan the fake one. Oh my god ass. Yeah he looked just like the nigga off the big number 98 killed. Didn't that nigga killed everybody or something? Damn for real? Nah, that nigga like that nigga that played that movie, he like killed his wife or so. Oh damn nigga like Michael Jordan. Yeah he tweaked out. I remember he had the, he looked like Scott Burrell but he just said fuck it. It's Jordan not little black nigga that plays in Jordan. He was 99 Alive Player.


This show got dark because I swear he, he like car like he got 'em out there. He was on that. Nah, it's a lot of trash by El Picks. I just can't think it was one that a recent that was trash. That shit was on like a, B, C family or some shit. Pen. What's that one that was terrible. Tupac? Yeah, that's what I said nigga. Oh I thought you said the Michael Jordan nigga. Oh that he said that that was trash too but Tupac shit was trash too. Yeah, oh yeah the Tupac one was terrible that Tupac was with, I don't mind Notorious that much. Like it's cool like I don't think it's that bad. That's a good movie. But the Tupac one with the Yeah that shit's wore as, and I know some of the girls that was in that movie. Damn. Like the tub scene where he was on what song was that?


Was it, how do you on it? I think or I can't remember which one it was. They was in the tub on Notorious? Nah, on Tupac movie. Oh he shot that in Atlanta. Damn. Shout to a TL shout out to the line. Shit for sure happened in the tub with the fake Tupac. Crazy. That's crazy. Hey man Bernie got it popping today. He got tired of Sean. He said hey man I was chilling yesterday. You put that report out? Hey ain't nobody trying to go to Phoenix. Damn Bernie had time today man. Oh he said ain't nobody trying to go to Phoenix. He said Jimmy, ain't nobody sending Jimmy to Phoenix bro because he put that report out today. He said yesterday I let you cook but today stop the cap. Oh you Kevin. That's crazy Jimmy. Fuck around go to the Golden State Warriors bro.


Yeah it seem like it's like it's going towards that. They fighting the most for it so I, I see him definitely be for it Don't make no sense to go to fans. I always want, I want to ask you this, have you ever seen any reports about like stuff you asked for, stuff about you, you looking but like I ain't never seen that shit. They done yns. See niggas put switches in they face. They stand still get a little fly nigga as they as Shy said ain't got nothing for that fly that motherfucking dra hold mal face. He standing still like bad boy. He me nigga that motherfuck fly. Fuck my boy up nigga lapping the in his face and shit.


I'm over here rolling though like this nigga my boy like Smokey and the chicken coop over there. Oh God hit the twitch. I don't know who Phoenix need though. But it ain't Jimmy God damnit bro. Nah Jimmy ain't no that ain't no that doesn't make any sense bro. That would destroy that franchise bro. I really don't even, I ain't really excited about the trade deadline man. Don't nobody really excite me. Like if Jimmy go to Golden State, it's a big name but I don't know if it really excite me. Like I don't know if I'm like damn Golden State is legit now I'm just more like okay they go Jimmy Butler. Hmm. They they pretty good bro. I mean I, I most definitely believe he'll make a difference in the team. Does it push 'em over to Hump in the west?


I don't know But I mean like you said, if it all works out best case scenario, that's a, that's a hell of a lineup bro. Depending on, on who they give up and if they don't give up wig for that team that's, that's that 2, 3, 4 they healthy though. That's the thing. Right too. We dealing with a lot of guys that got a lot of miles on they body For sure. You banking on Jimmy being healthy with a Golden State team with Steph got a lot of miles, Draymond got a bunch of miles. You need all these dudes to be healthy to make a run. I mean that's any team but y'all banking on a lot of dudes. They an old team like the old eight Celtics basically. Yeah like you gotta, everybody gotta be in they peak. Yeah at playoff tone you can't have how those niggas stay healthy and stay in shape.


Them niggas was locked in. They had a whip too. Like we said like they may not have all been the best players but they had really, really good role players in that team. That bench was deep as hell. Nah, I see Jimmy though. Only place probably. What was the other team we said it Houston. Houston, Houston. I just think it's funny he came out was like hey enough of that shit. Like we don't see that too much. He that's Bernie though. He cool dude but he definitely gonna probably try to put shit in place for sure. He he liked to check shit. Yeah he was in Minnesota. He was funny. He funny as hell to Bernie. You ever seen any tweets in the rumors you was in, you just be like, this don't make sense or I ain't say that shit.


Yeah I used to all type of shit. Like I remember one time somebody told me I ain't wanna play somewhere. I was like I never said that but it's all good. I mean I had all type of fake shit. That's crazy. He was just make up shit all the time. I was unhappy where I was at. I think Atlanta, they told me I was unhappy my last year. I wasn't unhappy. I was just hurt. Mm. Yeah that's easy to say though. Yeah, he like, he's unhappy, he doesn't wanna be here. I'm like damn why y'all putting that in here? Just trade me. You wasn't, you wasn't on social media nigga either. No. You just had to take that smut and that was a different time then too. That was before niggas was doing that bro. That time period people wasn't getting on there talking about their business or their contract.


Everybody was scared to do that shit bro. That was forbidden to do that. Yeah, niggas got a voice. Now I wish I, I wish you would've had platforms like this at that time because I would've went on somebody's platform been like well they just didn't want, they didn't wanna pay me. They said they gonna pay Dennis Sugar. I really do that though. Yeah, I would've said that. So contract like if I did have a fan base in Atlanta, they could be like what they don't wanna pay. You know what I mean? They could have been like, I could have, you know, had some leverage. I mean yeah bro, I just don't see you getting on the platform. Well niggas didn't think I'd do this shit. I mean that's true for sure. Well this was at the very, very good and you're, you're real vocal about nigga Steel in the league voicing their opinion.


Yeah I probably, I I probably wouldn't have said shit nigga probably would've been like huh. But I would've like I coulda threw it out there though. You had a ghost writer. You know nigga coulda been like yeah I hollered at my men's and he was like mm. You know what I mean? Nah yeah I get it but nah you couldn't even do that. Nah you could do that. But that's the thing about it. Like you said, it is so many like failure stories from it. But if you use the right way you could use your platforms the right way to get a lot of good bits. So like you said, hey I don't wanna leave. You could be lying like a motherfucker but I still wanna keep this fan base down here if I'm selling some shit in Atlanta happy. So yeah I'm gonna get on here and say nah it ain't me. I love Atlanta but they ain't fucking with me. I want to sign back man. I just asked him for a four year 80. I don't think that's hurting nobody.


You know I coulda did that lie. You know what I mean? That's what I do. If I was a young dude now, like if I'm Brenda Ingram I'd be like yeah I don't really wanna lead a Pelicans man I just want a max deal. You know I'm, I'm gonna be here man I love it here then it's like damn. Yeah he said he want to be here. That's a cool play. It ain't a bad play, it's just a, it is just the offset of it. When niggas don't use it for that, that's when shit gets spooky. Yeah when they start getting on live they showing the blinky. Nah, lemme stop. Shout, shout out to Jamal Murray. Best ig story of all time. That nigga Jamal Murray, I don't know what happened to him this year but he got paid, he got a ring. Fuck what nigga's talking about.


I know, I think he just gonna kick it in later though. Yeah he probably short around playoff time. Something gonna happen. I don't don't think he though, I don't, just don't think he healthy he hurt. I think he hurt. Oh okay. We tried to, I ain't gonna say we people downplayed it in the Olympics 'cause he didn't look like your mom at all Olympics and they were just like ah it's just, it's just SGA a's time new Canada. Okay cool. But he don't look healthy. Nah he don't look healthy man. I don't know. It's a funny birth of, I was gonna ask, try this question. We talk about Windows and space like that with Yoic killing the way he's killing, do we feel out the nuggets is wasting this window? Like are they doing enough to maximize this or are they just doing just right? Yeah sometimes like you just gotta accept what comes with stuff.


Like you won a championship, y'all still should just be on a high like fuck it like let this group rock out. We had started when you know y'all just extended Murray or whatever. Just let it run now. Like the Nuggets was never supposed to win a championship. No because y'all could be the Raptors y. Fuck So Nah enjoy this run. Least they got a competitive team still got all Star. Still gonna put button in the seats. Still gonna make the playoffs. Gonna have some cool runs. But y'all won a chip. Y'all wouldn't like nobody expected that. Yeah. You think we'll ever get a point where yo is like you said vocalize or does he ever get to a point where he feel like hey I might want some help where hey I might leave or you think he just cool with just I'm gonna just keep killing up here, keep killing.


I want to chip MVPs ain't got a fight about, I wonder how many teams in the NBA don't have championships. I know the, we can look that up. Alright. That's always been a question of mine. Like how many of them niggas don't have. I know the Hawks, the Hornets, the Pacers damn strong Got one. Y'all got the A BA. We'll give y'all that don't count. Nobody cares nothing about that. A BA. Yeah ain't fuck with Mel Daniels it was cold bro. Roger Brown was cold bro. But pre NBA a BA merger. I don't give a damn about none of that. Damn the Nest, the Hornets, the Pacers, the flippers, the Grizzlies, the Timberwolves, the Pelicans, the magic, the suns the jazz.


Damn. So 10 teams in league do not have the dogs ain't win shit. I know they ain't win nothing. The NBA championship. Damn. That's when that motherfucker first merged and they slipped on there. That's crazy man. That's crazy. That like you your first shot like never have a championship. 1958 They won Lou Hudson. Damn sweet. Lou got on a chip. Damn it's the only championship in 1958. Wow. Damn. I don't think that was the though it couldn't have been 'cause Mill and them was seventies. Yeah that was, I I don't think that's, that was segregation ball bro. Niggas had different water fountains in. I ain't count that National League was Said niggas had different water films I couldn't imagine was established.


It was different. Like I couldn't imagine me not drinking out of the white people's waterfall. Ain't no way because what fuck would you die? I say nigga I ain't, I ain't dying nigga they could hit me with that power of water. That motherfucker core coming out there and I'm drinking this side of the house water. I used to hit the water fountain when we used to open in the backyard nigga we used to go hit the hose. I'm good. Nah for sure bro. So I know that's the water that niggas was drinking Ain. 49. Yeah Martin Luther King that was drinking some bullshit bro. Yeah they I need that core bro. Yeah bro, that that's crazy. What you done? Oh me that did not have Fiji my nigga. So what did you would've done bro?


I'm one to hit that motherfucker bro. So when it say white I might, I ain't even never touched no white woman before. I would've, I would've, I would've pluck one back then bro. It's only on the left niggas on the right. Well my dad, my nigga, the nigga line got 70 people in and the white's only line got two. Oh I'm good if I skipped a line, DJ don't how I would BVIB. Superb bowl Meek meal concert talking about Trey violation. What do you mean? I'm going with the other two people bro. Hey how you doing? I need to, they say boy you don't get ass out that but how much it comes to make this water nigga I'm turning you just a nigga.


They used to hit niggas with the power washers. I used to be like damn. Oh yeah see the police officers do this nigga bro I would've left bro. Bro they did just so fucking bogus bro. Yeah that's my service. I'd be like man shut the fuck up man. People went to some crazy shit bro. Yeah, I don't think, I don't think I would've survived. You don't think you would've? I would've tested the water. They'd had to kill me bro. I'm getting some of that core water bro. Nigga die for that water fountain. I just don't think I would. Oh and then you waiting in a lot with 70 people. First of all, all y'all outta pockets. That's why I never drunk water fountains in public schools. I went to public schools my whole life. The crazy part is we're talking about segregation, not even slavery.


No, no, no. I don't care about slavery. No, no disrespect. But I'm saying we talk about if can't make through segregation. No, we talking about the upgrade like Yeah I mean that's what we like. Piggy cotton all shit ain't know I would make the slavery. Yeah, yeah bro. Bro that's chance bro. Shout to the A bro. We appreciate y'all. That's a whole different Yeah bro. They would put this on me nigga in the last nigga they had to shoot me nigga said a real switch. Crazy bro. Yeah nigga can't hit me with no whip man. What nigga I would've win nuts bro. That was best case scenario. That's what I saying bro. I went through some shit bro. Yeah, nah that's different. Would I'm talking about the million man marsh motherfuckers bro. Okay. Yeah like them people, them type of motherfucker bro.


I'm tapping in all the white lineage bro. Too many benefits over there bro. Somebody gotta sacrifice. That's why we use in that position because niggas like you. I gotta go figure out what's up. Yeah because niggas like y'all is scared bro. Come on bro. These hose is over here bro. These hoes is good water. This this good food bro. The food wasn't even good bro. Bro. It was probably fair. Come on bro. Ooh what do you call no seasoning? Yeah, no, you talking about you talking about Thanksgiving and all that shit. But I'm talking about them little diners and shit bro. Them pancakes and bacon bro. That's everybody make pancakes and bacon bro. Bro. I swear bro. That pile of life look illegal. I know that motherfucker bus bro.


I know that bitch bro. Like come on man. That shit probably was trash no fucking way bro. No fucking way. And that nigga risking his freedom like yo ass with that water for their pod nigga. Nigga bro, I don't want to do this million man marching bro. Y'all do it too much bro. Man, all this shit bro. I, I'm skipping past all of them bro. Let's just go straight to the club. All this walking and shit. Bitch, I ain't even gonna do a one K. I did that for Breast cancer. I go Every year bro. So walk this journey and shout to everybody who do it bro. I'm too lazy for that bro. We right here across the street bro. I'm not doing all this bro.


For peace bro. Doing this wrong with them signs. Come on man. What we doing bro? Somebody gotta take a, take a leap of faith bro. So you would've took the leap of faith? Yeah bro. A lot of people leap bro. And in there's nothing wrong bro. Shout out to everybody who walked all that shit. I'm just saying. Where was the niggas who actually drunk out of that water fountain? Why ain't the, why ain't they ever spoke of they died dead, dead. No bro. I I don't believe all them niggas died. One of them niggas survived bro. Bro. You see just like, just like slavery turn bitch up just like in slavery bro. It was a nigga that we never probably ever knew about that was in there cracking them hoes bro. Everybody done had the same mindset y'all.


Of course that's how we got people to look like dj. That's crazy But that's real shit though Mike. But that's what I'm saying though. Those people ain't really spoke on like that though. No we got that because the black dude, the white dudes cracking the black ladies we're steering the white from the light right now. I'm just saying Mike Bishop, how DJ came about. Yeah. How people DJ got here. Yes, for Ray. Thanks Mike. Crazy's going too far with this shit bro. I'm just saying I wanted to, if y'all know you two, whoever bro tell me who was a nigga that actually sacrificed then you know made it happen bro.


Oh February. Listen Black history month would Beheads going to be amazing if we're still here. If we make it until next year, this is going to be amazing. Which one of your uncles got some of that core water bro and some of that snow bunny coochie back in the day bro. Because look, Martin Luther King you were sneaking allegedly. No it wasn't allegedly Lord. It what? Coretta was probably throwing that thing like a tin drill. Hey you was hitting Patty Pancake nigga. Oh my motherfucker. Oh there he Go. They said he was Ty when he passed Selma. I'm just saying they Malcolm, Malcolm X was never Malcolm X stood tall nigga every day he started dating white women's first. Nah bro.


Just to crack him. Just to crack. He was a pimp. Detroit real bro. For real. Right, but that's what I'm saying bro. He a real But what's my boy name from Memphis? What was that movie called? You know it's hard out here for him. DJ Malcolm X was bro. So it's different bro. Oh It's so Wrong. Touch the wheel. Think White girl was so trash. I thought that was the white girl from the parks when I first seen it. No, she was lead. She was called disrespectful. CBS was nice. Sleepy had them yas on the lawn. Oh God. Oh god. Oh man, y'all dope.


What's wrong with him bro? I love you Mike over there shaking. Shout to everybody who crawl nigga so we can walk man. Appreciate y'all man. Shout out to one somebody sacrifices for us to be here for show. Man, this was crazy. I seen Jamal Crawford on PG podcast and he broke down like a easy way quote unquote to get 50. That shit was crazy. Just to hear him explain it. I'm like I hope he knows that everybody can't play basketball as good as him. What he say? But he said just a breakdown. 'cause PG was like, I got a couple 40 sevens, 40 eights, I ain't got no fifties. He was just like, oh well you can get 50 this way. You gotta shoot 16, 17 threes. If you hot you gonna hit at least half of them. Then he was just like, you gotta get the less at the line and a couple mids. I was like, the way he broke it down was like, damn, if you were like as good as basketball as you are bro, it makes a lot of sense.


But for a normal nigga bro, that's crazy. But his basketball mind is just like insane man. Nah, Jamal's a special talent. He, he's unbelievable when it comes to basketball. I ain't gonna lie to you. He one of the coolest people I've ever been around. And to think the game like he do, he like the, he like a supreme basketball head. He love everything about basketball. The scoring, the watching and tape, all that stuff. He a basketball. Hey that's why him being an an analyst or whatever, it makes perfect sense. Yeah, for sure. I know you always talked about like breaking down. All right I need to have X, Y, Z for my stats to get X, Y, Z on this payday. You ever go through a game like, all right if I'm gonna get 30 I gotta figure out I'm gonna get like X, Y, Z or like I know my game, this is how I get 30 or 40.


I used to, I wanted the average 16. I'd be like four quarter, let me get four points a quarter and then at the end of the game if I had like 12 or 13, I'd just hold the ball to get foul. Mm. I run and get the ball, get my free throw. 16. I don't know why I won a 16. I think somebody told me you average 16 to eight, you'll get this amount of money. And I just put it in my head. Not had to be yet. I wish they would've said like 22 or nine or something. I would've been like, but somebody told me 16 to eight fuck me up. I should have been averaging 20. But when you think about 48 minutes of basketball and a nigga only saying man I just need four a quarter and you ain't really, you like man I can get two layups. Yeah, that's what you be thinking. Like I, I get two layups but also from a place of privilege he's can say that because he has the ball in his hands now that small forward.


Yeah bro. He gonna have to get a couple points. Think about be like man if I cut to the basket, if I go to the basket foul that's two points. Mm. If I just get out on a fast break, it's no two points. Don't let me hit a three. Like you just start thinking like they're like I can't hit a three in a quarter in a layup and or you know, I can't get foul and get a layup. Do the kids ever ask you about that? Not you but how to score. Damn they all watch YouTube and think they know how to score. Like I always wondered if kids is really asking like even niggas don't gotta be former pros, just how to get a quick 10 or 15 if that's your role on the team. Because kids make I think scoring complicated.


Yeah they wanna shoot tough shots. Yeah. In high school college easiest thing to do is get out on the break is run the floor. Hmm. If you run the floor you'll get so many easy points. Like when I was in college, always run the wing. If you run hard up the ring up the wing, the coaches automatically gonna say kick the ball ahead. Oh yeah because you running hard. Kick it up, kick it up, kick it up, push your temper out. Now you get the chance to get the ball and when you get it you get to make the first decision I can shoot drive it to the basket or whatever. That's why I always used to want to get ahead of the defense. I wanted them to kick it up to me so I can make the decisions. Damn. But a lot of people like to wait and come back and get the ball so they can dribble it all the way up and do a hundred moves.


But all other coach gonna do is say it's kick it up. Yeah. Coach don't to somebody else. Nah. But I try to ball moves better when it's in the air. Yeah. I used try to tell people way fashion, you bro run up the floor, you'll get the kick of his and that's how you get a chance to score. But damn. Yeah I think like you said, the kids now they think that the way you score is by difficulty and it's just like no you can do simple basketball movements on the court. Just like go back door sometimes swear or just cut to basket bro. I swear that's why I used to love when ish came in the game. Mm Ish. Natural instinct is to go back and get the ball so he would go back and get the ball. I'm run up the court, I'm like and they like kick it up like he okay like he's gonna advance the ball but I get the score.


Hmm. Like if you go back and watch when we played Carolina in college, I did that so many times. Like I'll run up the sideline, he'll kick it up and I'll just attack able to get to the basket and then when I had to run point I'd be shitty like fuck yeah I gotta kick it up. Like because you don't know when you gonna get that motherfucker, you gotta kick it up. You know what I mean? I used to hold that motherfucker slow it up slow run the bullshit play. Hell yeah. What's so funny is like all like obviously you're a great basketball mom but like players they have their mindset so when they see that they just like man fuck him. He walking this bitch up, they walking it up Every time he went on the break he, we kick it up to him but now he walking it up talking about run play one.


Yeah. To be a coach. Small four though that kind of, when y'all talking about who I'm like damn you do gotta be special 'cause you, you don't get the ball like that. Yeah bro. If you're not pushing that bitch off the rebound bro. And a lot of times back in them days they wasn't doing that a little bit more now, but yeah I mean that ain't necessarily true if you, the the the ball always find the best player. I promise you for sure. No a hundred percent. I'm just saying that the small four it is like you kind of like always like the third option unless you just really him. Yeah. Unless you're the coach in team. That was kind of like a water down position I always felt ever in the league. 'cause I feel like yo small four do everything so I don't feel like it was yo two guard was like the coach four bucket.


Yeah the small four was like yo, I don't know. Niggas like Glen Robinson was like special because they can go get 30 and shit like that. Yeah. Yeah. That was like a rare thing in the league. Like Scotty Pippen, them type niggas were special players bro. That's just still to the league is kind of like a scary position. I don't even know who five cold, cold. Like the best player on the team being the small Ford. I don't know a player that's a small Ford on the team now. That's the best player on their team. No, I mean outside of the, of the goats. How come about right now? K the bronze like that like Yeah but that's a scary position to be bro. Giannis is a four now but GNI sar off as a small four.


But yeah it's a, it's a scary position. Teams. Yeah. JT small four. What's it's man Carol four? Yeah she put Frans at four. I don't know who for the four or the three between them. Yeah. I dunno it just, that's a hard position to me to play. I think the three passed, the two in the league two became spot up shooters. Yeah. No niggas became Keith Bogans at the two and shit like that. Fuck. Not for real. But they, they did they, they made their role like all right nigga just play hard as defensive shoot and then we gonna get a overpriced my four 'cause he gonna probably score better than you. Yeah, pretty much because guards ran supreme so they was like I don't need I, I'm paying a shit ton of money and my point guard are gonna score now I need you to just guard somebody.


Yeah. What year did the center like become like extinct down there when we pulled Roy Hibbert out the paint. That is a fact because at first we used to have Roy Hibbert for Dwight Howard and all them. Yeah. I used to have four. I remember at one time we used to have four centers just for Dwight Howard. Hmm. Like we had Eton Thomas, Ja, Jason Collins, we had Al Horford, Zaza Chu just for the white Howard. Oh yeah. Damn bro. And then we started shooting threes. Al Horford started shooting threes. Pearl Antic center was dead. It didn't matter no more. I remember Pearl Anti, they just started becoming live threats.


Ah okay. Because we was shooting, y'all was shooting twos. Damn. And it took like the special, special ones to even stay on like even in his older days like Tyson, Chandler like yeah but like you said lo for situation. But yeah it was, that was just a crazy transition from the NBA knowing that niggas used to have to really throw that bitch inside first. Fuck like that's crazy. But yeah they did though. Damn. That's crazy bro. He said respect. I power forward y'all. Y'all taking that away from me. These little niggas started getting all the cooch. I'm still tripping about the water fountain bro.


Mike said no go for Nah I ain't trying to go back bro. I was just like this nigga would've got killed bro. He said the core water, that's what makes it funny. I'm just saying bro a hammer nigga they would've had to bro guilty lip on our clean water. Had to bro. Hey what's crazy is so many people so ji now y'all used to drink out the garden hose? Nah, I No Look I'm still a hoes nigga bro. I'm not. I'm still a ho. You make much. I'm nothing. Wash your pockets. Stop snitching. My, I don't make no money. I'm a side of the house nigga. I had well water nigga. Damn. Yeah I was like bitch that nigga's kind of, I was like caught of fucking water. You gotta go scoop that motherfucker up.


Oh no bro. I don't know bro. I remember we came by his hoes nigga. He said we have well water bitch I you could drink this. That nigga got X buds. I ain't never had a well pump in y'all for sure. No. Nigga like, nigga I from fucking ville nigga I grew up in the nineties nigga. Oh my mama. Gimme that shit from Flint. I don't know. Well water that aftertaste is crazy. Oh me. Fuck that. Wait, I'm never spending the night over yo house. If I'm pull up. You said go pump some water. I'll call my mama. I'm going back. Have y ever tasted it? I can't remember that little. Yeah I did that. That I don't know if it was a farm. They used to, everybody used to go in elementary school.


Oh. The kind prairie shit. It was a kind of prairie but I, I don't remember the name of that place though. Yesterday. Con Prairie is a a TV show y'all. No, that's a little prairie on the farm bro. That's a little house on the flip out y'all Right. So it was kind of weird. No, no, no. Y'all right. My fault. But yeah, that's where I had that well water motion, you know. Great. When you grow and realize how racist that place was. Oh very much so bro. Insane. They, they had a summer camp. My homie used to work there. He was black. I was just like how do you work here? Damn the real get out. What's the one place we used to go where you had to be like a, it was a fake city and you had to work. I was the DJ on my mama. Yeah. To work Summer City. Yeah it was a field trip. You had to go there and you had to work.


Who was downtown? Yep. I remember I had work Tim. What was that called? I was a DJ though. You had to work that shit. That's funny. That's gonna bother me now bro. Fuck Exchange City. Exchange City. Exchange City on God bro. Dj That was probably our era was probably the end of that Yoris. I didn't, I didn't get Exchange City. Yeah Era was the end of that nigga. That shit was lit. Oh you went to Exchange City for real. That shit still you Scooter, that's where graduated from. That shit still going. Damn. Yeah and Malcolm way younger than us. Shit.


Yeah Coach Springs didn't didn't have Charlotte City. That's crazy. We went there bro. Yep. That shit was fun than the motherfucker. We was there the whole day. Popcorn a whole exchange city bro. I was in that motherfucker wreck one out nigga. Damn. That's crazy. That was good times right there man. That's funny. 'cause I was went through some old family stuff moving out. My auntie was a hoarder bro. She had the old, old cont the computers bro. Hoarders Hoarder. My auntie was a horse. Your auntie. I said okay o Going through the family photos is crazy.


Mike, if you know my auntie, that's true. Y'all, you got some signatures on the back did he? The cupcake on the back. His signature is crazy. Put that cupcake on that girl back birthday bitch. Know when you've ever seen that. I saw the whole that one. Oh man. Hey Mike just great y'all.


That's his at. Yes man. Y'all would be wanting know he's ta into everything. No worry. Y'all be wanting to know what this nigga look like man. Hey man. What your auntie phone? Nah, I gonna be found old. Nasty Peter half fucking like this shit for like number MUEs and Organ Trail and and shit. I was cracking up. That's classic bro. I said why the fuck do you still have this? But I was like damn like just died from measles. I was like damn, Malcolm did I meles? Nah, it was either like pick between saving people or getting more cattle. Malaria killed you. I'm getting more cattle.   MUEs was fired. Never Mu was fired. Bro was fired. I used to be testing there. That's crazy man. Niggas is old. This a bitch old as shit bro. Damn number of MUEs.


That's crazy. That's crazy. These niggas iPad now. Everybody got their own shout out to them. We used share old computers. Man that's just bought one. Fuck God is good. That's crazy man. We about to get up outta here before we go be here and tell the people they can grab some merch I guess. Shop Club five twenty.com. Baby. There's something up there. It's still up there. We're going strong. We only got like eight hoodies and we hit. We saw down. Yeah, we've been going crazy. Shout to y'all though, for real. Yeah, we got, we got some great, great, great merch coming next year for y'all. We can't wait to share the news with that. But hey, we got something for the meantime. Grass up for Christmas. It ain't too late. We appreciate y'all. We back next time. Club five 20. The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot Of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community of values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home at Explore Minnesota dot com slash live.


What's good Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out Bose dot com.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns Using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of real-time spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's real-time data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pick up or in store. Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.