
Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic because we came to play. Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible cleaning items from all and Cottonelle and Dinner Essentials from Daisy, Skippy, Hellman's, and Barilla plus many more. Then clip the offer in our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions, apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


Drake or Kendrick? Oh, I mean, Kendrick won. It's not even a question, right? Like he won. Of course he won. It's not even like, of course he Won. I thought you were gonna go the other way because y'all, y'all had a little friction. No, I'm still objective, right? Like, I prefer Drake's music. Of course. Really? So does, yeah. So does the rest of The world All my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of dice. The all my life. I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll d the all my life. I've been grinding all my life.


Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the proprie of Club Shehe. And today we're at Spotlight la stopping by for conversation on the drink today. He's taken the comedy world by storm. He's one of the most daring and dynamic voices on the planet today. He's widely recognized for his no whole bar styles of standup, straightforward humor and razor sharp width. He's praised for testing boundaries with his writing and his approach to Divis most the most divisive topics. He pushes the limits on stage, on screen online reshaping and redefining the landscape he's known for. His fearless crowd work wild off the cuff interaction and cutting edge commentary. He draws some of the most diverse audience among any working comedian globally and nationally.


Recognized as selling out arenas of Madison Square Garden, the form and the cryp.com arena on back to back nights. A pioneer in director fan content distribution. He's one of the, has one of the most watched comedy specials on YouTube. He's been the most viewed comic on YouTube twice. He's also went number one on the billboard comedy album charts, iTunes, apple Music, Amazon Angle Globe, Google Play. He's renowned for being social media savvy and a marketing genius. A top tier talent actor, podcaster, director, producer, host, businessman, creator who isn't afraid of controversy. Unfiltered, unapologetic, unabashed personality. Some call him the people's champ. He lives by the saying, everyone gonna get these jokes, Andrew show.


Wow. That is, bro. That's amazing. That's You, bro. I watched, I watched, I watched you do Gillies. Yeah. And I just seeing him get so excited with that big hat during it, and then I was imagining what I was gonna walk into. And that is, that is pretty awesome. Thank you. I feel Great when, when you hear all of that. Yeah. What are you thinking? I, I'm just embarrassed if I'm gonna be totally honest. You know, I, I just, yeah, I mean, it feels great. It feels very cool, You know, but it's, yeah. That's, that's so cool. Yeah. You know what? You got Me off guard here, man. Well, You know, I'm rarely off guard. Really? Yeah. This is my personal cognac. I know. I'm gonna congratulate you on the Netflix.


Thank you. That's out now. Thank you, bro. You doing it. You doing it, man. I'll Try. Cheers. Well, that's good. Wanna take another? Yeah, let's Take another one. Oh, he, he wants me to talk some shit today. I'm not talking about any comedians. I'm not talking about any comedians. All comedians are great. All of them. We love all comedians. Okay. Who we talking shit about? Whoever you watching. Okay. So how you feeling today? I Feel good. You Feel good? Are you bigger Now or when you played Now, now I don't have, I mean, I, I played at 2 28. I'm around 2 45, 2 52 50 now. Yeah. Jesus Christ.


Yeah. I don't, I don't have to. I have to. Are you on anything peptides or anything like No. You look magnificent. I work out. I eat. You better brush what I eat. Yeah. If you didn't work out, I would shoot myself right now. I mean, it's unbelievable is kind of crazy. Right? I, Well I've always been in shape. Yeah. You know, growing up how I grew up. You and I was talking off camera earlier, growing up on a farm. I Mean, your story, it's just so unbelievable. 'cause I was telling you before, I was like, I'm researching you like your, your life. I first start obviously I watched the, the beautiful speech that you gave that was for your, your recognition, but you made it about everybody else in your life, which I thought was a really beautiful moment. Okay. And usually only happens when somebody feels really full, You know?


And we feel full. We can have the excess and we can give it to those people. I'm like, making that moment about them I thought was just incredible. That was awesome. Appreciate it. Appreciate I got a little appreciate I got a little emotional. I don't lie. And just watching your brother exhale through his mouth. Bet. There's that moment where he just goes. He's like, I'm not about to cry in front of all these people Right now. I won't cry. Yeah. Ah, it's beautiful. It was great, man. Great. I appreciate that man. Thanks for joining us. Yeah, of course. Check this out. I read on read on Instagram where you said fans said you are one of the last people on earth who can be canceled or never canceled. When you hear comments like that, given your approach to comedy. Yeah. What do you think? What goes through your mind when you hear stuff like that? Don't know. Like, what is being canceled anymore? What do you think? Being canceled?


Well, you Almost got canceled when you were doing the porn or whatever. Ain't nobody see nothing. I know what really happened. Can I get like the off screen of that? That Was it. Was it just you two on the bed just going like this and not even having sex? I need the security camp footage of, of you just being like, Hey, pants harder, pants harder. I, You know what? I wish that had never happened, but You know, Hey, No you don't. I do. That shit was amazing. Was it embarrassing for you? Hell yeah. Really? Why? I've never been on IG live. That was the embarrassing part. No, I mean, think about it. The, the first, think about it. Your first foray in the IG live. Yeah. And that's what you get. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't think that that would be what's No, I mean, look, I'm a very private person.


Yeah. And for me to be put my family in that situation. 'cause now I'm a type of guy. I don't like anybody to explain anything for Shannon. Oh. Because now you ask my sister, you ask my brother, you ask my kids. They have to offer an explanation for Shannon. Got it. Got it. Shannon a grown man grandfather also. So I should be able to answer question for myself. I didn't know you're a granddad. Yeah. Oh my God. Be two times granddad. My son's about to have. Good for you. Why you So it was embarrassing. It was, It was very embarrassing. Was tough. I mean, look, first of all, I'm on the designated I'm with, yeah. I got, I'm, I work for the company that got the mouse with ears. But We were rooting for you. I just, nah, no, we weren't everybody tuned in 'cause we wanted to see the work. You know what I mean? We're like, I think Shannon putting in work over here, dude. Like I did, IIII quitted the, the 50-year-old really quite well.


Lemme ask you this. Why are you comfortable going after so many groups? Why do, why, why do you feel like your no hold bars approach is the best way to drive head first into cars? I don't go after anybody. That's the way I look at it. I mean, everybody gets these jokes. That's how you feel. Yeah. Like, I'm just curious about people, You know, and it, it just, so I don't know if it's grown up in New York where we had all these different, You know, ethnicity. Yeah. It's just, everybody's so different. Like, my friend group was completely different. And there are these little idiosyncrasies about each person that were just so funny. And I was just interested about it. And then, and like, learning about these different groups is, was just great. So I kind of learned, and I dig in and I try to find something that maybe, You know, they would never expect a guy like me to know about.


And what I've seen is, is usually when you make fun of somebody, and it's not like a, a hacky low hanging fruit thing, but it's something like really specific that that group is not aware that anybody else knows, Knows that's out of them. Yeah. They, They appreciate, they feel seen, You know, and that's kind of what people want. They just want like, representation in a cool way. So Do you, have you ever felt bad about like, damn, I probably shouldn't have said that. Yeah. I mean, I feel more bad about like, when jokes just are, You know what I mean? Like, it takes a lot of jokes to make a good joke. Right. You know what I mean? It's like every time you run a route, you're not gonna get a touchdown, You're not Gonna win. Right. You know, but you have to run it Correct. Every single time. Correct. So it's like, that's what we gotta do. We gotta shoot, shoot, or shoot you shoot every single time.


Right. And we fail, You know what I mean? Like badly. Have you ever told a joke that was bad and that you're like, well if I tell it like this, it might get better. And you keep refining because Cas says that. Yeah. That's the process. That really is the process. Like, you have a funny idea and you're like, okay, how can I make this and can I get people to laugh at it? Right. Like the idea to use is kind of funny. And then the skill is, You know, sharpening that tool. Like right when I was early in comedy, like I just wasn't good at making things funny. Right. Okay. I thought I was funny. You know, my friends might have been like, oh, you're funny, whatever like that. I really want to try it. Right. But I just wasn't good enough. Okay. Like, I remember I got punched on stage once and I was just making you got punched. Oh yeah. Like I used to Guys ran up on you on stage.


Yeah. Yeah. It was, this was a shout out to Smokey Man. Smokey had a room at Cafe Mocha. This is like up in Harlem in New York. And, and, and, and, and he would, he would let me go up on stage all the time. And I think it was the first time I was at Cafe Mocha when a, when a guy, and I was just making fun of some guy in the front row, but I wasn't funny enough yet. Right. Like, I didn't, I wasn't able to do it at that point where he also found it funny. Oh, okay. He just thought that I was coming into his neighborhood and then I'm clowning on him and he got up and he, and he punched me and they grabbed him. They grabbed me. They threw him out. Why They grabbed you? Hell, he punched you. They, I, That's what I was asking. And then I remember Smokey handing me back the mike and he was like, all right man, keep doing your thing. I was like, what do you mean?


Isn't the show over? Like, there's gotta be a lawsuit here or Something. You supposed to have a stole on him when they grabbed him that Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Maybe that's how I tell the story. So it looks like I had fight it back. I was like, yeah, they grabbed me real quick so I couldn't get 'em. That was, That was the issue. Right? Yeah. Going after so many groups, the L-B-G-T-Q, Mexicans, Indians, Asian, Muslim blind people, blacks, bro. Yeah. I mean, if there anybody that haven't taken offense to something you, if there any group that hasn't taken offense to something you've said? No, I think everybody can't. Like, that's the thing that I think is tricky is like, I don't think comedians should be telling people what they can or can't be offended by. Okay. Like, you could be offended by whatever you want. Right. You know, like, You know, some people like, they really care about their mom and they don't want anybody saying mom jokes.


Yeah. Some people don't give a fuck about their mom. Correct. So say whatever you want. So I think it's like comedians, it's not our position to tell people what they should be offended by. Right. Like, you are allowed to react however you want. You can be offended, but just don't tell me I can't tell the joke. Okay. Does that make sense? It does make sense. But everybody, I look at it like this. Everybody, everybody don't view things through the prim of abuse as that. It's funny, some people like take, You know, what you telling jokes, but You know, you hiding, you hiding behind those jokes. But that's truly how you really feel. Well, how I feel. In what way? That's a good question. Yeah. But like, how I feel. In what way? Some people, some people like, oh, I was just joking. Nah, you really feel that way. You really think I'm this ah, or you really think I'm that, or you really think this group is like this.


You see what I'm saying? Yeah. I guess it depends on the joke. You know, like sometimes their jokes are like, I guess tap into truth, You know? For sure. But it would just depend on the joke. You know. But I get what you're saying. Like they think you're using like a joke as a smoke screen. Yes. Yes. I wouldn't dedicate my like entire life to comedy just to use jokes as a smoke screen to Right. No, I'm not saying not. No, no, no. Yeah. I don't think, I don't think it's a situation where your entire, your entire set is based on that. But I think sometimes people try to fire off one. It's like, You know what, I'm gonna say this a joke right here and this kind of, I kind of really do feel this way. Yeah. If they feel that way. Like if like a lot of Yeah. If they feel that way, then maybe that's up. Especially if it's offensive.


Right. You know, I think that when you don't feel that way is when you have the liberty to say the craziest shit. Right. Like I say the craziest people I love the most, You know what I mean? Like, if, if me And you are like friends and you're not kind of roasting me or clowning me a little bit, I don't really trust you. Really? Yeah. I'm like, what's up with this corn ball who hasn't said something up to me? Like, I like what is he plotting? What does he want? You got black friends like that. Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean, You know, I mean that's how you build a relationship with people. Nah, we gonna have to give away some years. We ain't finn to be. Oh, I always tell, I I always say like, You know, with, with black people, like if a white dude isn't like a little racist around you, then you shouldn't trust him. Yeah.


If he, if he's not a little racist around you, you get, because what is he thinking? He's thinking way more racist over Here. That let, they gotta Be a little like in The same, but he gotta keep that to himself. Ed Andrew? No. You Gotta let a little out, just a little out just to know that you're Safe. That I gotta lay him out. No, You don't have to fight. You don't have to fight That would, You know, reward a stereotype. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, you gotta be a little racist to him. Nah, nah. You Telling me you spent all that time in locker rooms in the NFL And you were all politically correct. That's what I was Supposed to. No, we didn't. But but back then, don't Talk about Troy Palama. That might offend the Hawaiian people. No, no, no, no, no. We didn't. What'd You say about that white guy on, on the Broncos?


It would, no, it would be, What'd you say about Elway? Nothing. Nothing That's Getting, Passing You all time. You had to be, see, you gotta realize you dealing with hyper, hyper hyper. Yeah. Masculine men. Yeah. They will fight you on a drop of a hat. Good. Anything, anything is viewed. No, no. You couldn't do that Andrew. All that jokes in the locker room and people ain't going for that. Yeah. But that's where you, the skill comes in. The funny people can do it. Yeah. I I I have a hard time believing you were biting your tongue Around. No, because I, You know, look, we, we joke about certain things make like what, what guy wore? We, we, we joking. That's what we're talking about. Yeah. We joke your outfit. Yeah. You make fun of someone. But We not finna, you not finna just get up here and make No. What Happened? You Break. Nah. You don you, you Gotta get the real Tiffany's bro.


You can't get That. Oh, You know what, it's though, You know, I got a wife, You know, think I know about the Tiffany. You, You don Tiffany for you. She trying to spend All this money. I gotta start selling cognac. We go give you a little Yeah. What I'm Trying to say is like, you've made fun of friends, right? For Yeah, for sure. For dressing a certain way. Yes. And what was that joke about? Like what was it targeted towards? Any specific community perhaps or? No? Well, I think probably not. No, no, no, no. Kre I was making a joke about what he was wearing. Not that his ethnicity. 'cause I didn't care what he had on it. But What did you think that, what was he wearing? Did it look like a not very masculine? Nah, he looked like a, he looked like a, a a seventies drug dealer.


He had a gold chain on with a polyester shirt and it was bust open. Oh, that's fire. Yeah. I had No, no, this is good. It should have been set fire. But it was So it is so it is fun to make fun of each other. And like when you grew up in a kind of way that I grew up, again, I don't know how you grew up. Like I, You know how We in the country? In the country. So I don't know if it was just, Oh, we made fun. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It was, I mean, look, but we stayed with like, it was like, it was in the late sixties and the seventies. Blacks were here, white Were over here. It was, it was quite segregate. So I went to public school in New York. Yeah. So there's no, you don't get to be segregated, You know what I mean? Like, We're all in this together and the Chinese dudes are snapping on the Puerto Rican dudes and the Puerto Rican dudes are snapping on the white dudes a white dude snap on the black dudes.


It wasn't really, there wasn't really any sort of like, discomfort, but that's all we knew. Right. You know, and that's kind of how we built our relationships. So to me it's like the most normal thing. Right. You know? Yeah. Like, I remember even when I would tell stories of like going up to do like the, the quote unquote black rooms. There's like a chitlin circuit in like, in like comedy. And they're like, You know, some people who weren't really from New York, like you do the black rooms. And I was like, yeah. And to me I didn't realize that it was like an odd thing. Right. I was like, it's just in New York. Like I, I, it didn't seem like a weird, it's not like this like crazy idea. I'm not like walking across like this specific street and everything changes. Right. But I guess to other people that don't grow up like that, it might be a little weird.


They're a little like shocked. What do you say to people that said, look bro, you just devil in you just dealing the stereotypes. I mean, you take a stereo, take a group. Yeah, maybe. Yeah, they're right. It depends what the stereotype, I try to get really nuanced with it. But Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Stereotypes are funny. Do You know what I mean? You never, you never mess around with stereotypes. You know, like what's your manager and or lawyer or agent Jewish. Oh yeah, yeah. No, I don't, I don't. No. The hell no, I'm not un cancelable. I, that's, I'm Donald. I don't fool around with it. No, no jokes about that. No, not at all. Nothing. Nothing. No, dude, let's give 'em a call. Hell, what is it?


Friday? They're about to turn the phones off. Hey babe, they sure they, they'll be taking no calls, man. I'm, I'm shutting it down. They'll Take a call if you got so with a cell. But lemme ask you this. What, what, but what about Karen? We getting Off the two topic comedian? No. Karen, is that a stereotype? Karen? What's a Karen Woman? The white woman that's complaining. Oh, You know, She'd be Yes, yes, yes. Karen, Whatcha you doing Here? Yes, Karen. Yeah. Yeah. Get off my, get off my lawn. Yeah. I haven't seen you in this neighborhood before. Who are you also Like, you should be able to tell someone, get off your lawn. It's your alone. Yeah, But I'm saying that that's just a figure of speech. The Other ones I think are annoying. But like, if someone's on your lawn.


Yeah. Like if I was just showing up on your lawn and I'm like walking around on it. Right. Just yelling. Stereotype. No, No, no, no, no. I, I think the thing is, is that how they be trying to police the community? Yeah. How they like, oh, I've never seen you here before. Yeah. What, where do you live at? Yeah. What's your apartment number? Yeah. I mean, what's your house? Who are you Annoying, right? Yeah. Yeah. Super annoying. Yeah. I don't li I don't love the Karens the until O until, Until you live in like an apartment building. See, you're a really rich guy. You don't, you you don't live in an apartment building. I did. You did at one point. Yeah. When you were normal. Like us, you lived in an apartment, but now you rich. No, rich. I was out here. I was in Cali. I was living in Cali and I living in a, in a high rise now. But it's just, it's just, it's just hard man. I mean, to have to wait for the elevators.


I know it's brutal. And one of 'em get broken and then there's only one operational elevator. I ain't Gonna have all the girls coming up in there. Yeah. You know what, what I mean, they gotta take the stairs. Now they're sweaty, now they're outta Breath. And then I gotta, You know me, I don't ride the elevator with single women. Yes. You cannot do that if the single woman is on the elevator. I gotta wait. Wait. Why don't you, why? Because they just get too Horny. No, I, I don't. Why, why do they guess under risk? Sometimes Run the risk Of what? Sometimes the mention of impropriety is enough to sway people's opinion of somebody. Really? So I don't do that. So, So if a single woman's gonna go into an elevator, I'm Not getting on it. And what do they thought? I don't like, I don't let, I don't let people service. I don't let women service come into my room to bring food. Really? If they come to clean the room, I leave the room.


I sit in the hallway till they're done, then I go back into the Room. Now have you ever like blown someone's mind with that? Like, has a girl, like has a girl ever done? No. They just, they, I mean, a lot of times when people see it's like, okay, you can get on. I was like, no, I'll wait till the other, they said, no, it's fine. And I just, I just keep it moving like that. And do you think that they're thinking there's like some reverse racism thing there? No, I don't know what they're thinking. Do you clutch your purse when white women walk around? My cross body? No. Because if they get, because if they get, if they get, if I'm on the elevator by myself and a and a woman steps on, I'll get off White women only or black woman. It doesn't matter. So you won't enter an elevator with a black woman? I don't get a clip. It no single. A single, a single. I refuse. I refuse To ride in an elevator with a black woman with no, it don't matter what color.


She, I Just wanna let You know black women, I will ride in the elevator with you. There You, then you go, Gary. Unlike unc. Unlike unc, I will ride In the elevator with you. Okay. But you do realize like sometimes that in history stereotypes have impacted people, a certain group of people in a negative way. Yeah. Yeah. If it's a negative stereotype. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But you, you dwell, you you go into that sometimes. You know, you don't like, You know what I, I, Yeah. I mean I think intention is everything. You know what I mean? Right. Like I think my intention is to like bring joy and make people laugh. So that's, that's what I do. But you do realize that intent only matters to you. The group that you're talking about is still, still equally as offended If they're offended. Right. I think a lot of times we assume that people don't like humor.


Okay. But I think for the most part, Americans right. Like to laugh and we like to laugh at each other. Okay. So I bank on Americans having a sense of humor. Okay. Over them not having a sense of humor a hundred percent of the time. 'cause we're not a humorless culture. There are cultures that are humorless and they don't get but part of America, like we love laughing at like, it don't matter who it is. They could be the most radioactive person in The world. It could be Donald Trump. There was this Indian guy trying to ask Donald Trump a question. Did you see that? It was in like a press conference. And this Indian guy had the thickest Indian accent ever. He's speaking English though. But it's just, You know, it's Hard. It's bro. Yeah. It's broken. And he's, he's like, minister Trump, whatever. He's doing the whole thing.


Oh. And, and Trump just cuts him off and goes, I don't know what the hell this guy's saying. Now when he says that, right Americans, we die laughing at him because it's just this insane moment that happened. Right. Right. The poor guy's just trying to ask a question. He got a thick fucking accent. Right. It is what it's, but I think Americans have a sense of humor about shit. Lemme ask you this. When you, What do you think? Do you think we have a sense of humor? Do you, do you think comedy should be policed? No, but it, look the way I am. If somebody tells me something is offensive to them, I'm good. I don't need to go back in there. I don't say, well, this is my right to say whatever I wanna say. I don't look at it like That. So if, if one person told you I'm offended that you sell alcohol and drink alcohol on your show, you Would stop, stop.


No, no, no, no, no, no. Hell no. Because this is, because this isn't about them. This is about me. But if I said something, that's what I'm talking about. If I said something about the group, now you're getting it. No, but if I say something about a group Yeah. If, if, if let's just say an Indian or Yeah. Or Asian American says Yeah. That I'm good. I don't need the whole company. I don't need the whole 15 million people to say something. Okay. Ready? I don't like your takes on football. Okay. And what if a football player said, no, I, I don't dislike your takes. Yeah. But what if a football player said, I don't one football player. Yeah. Not the whole group. Yeah. One football player said, I don't like your takes. Would you stop playing foot? Would you stop talking about football? No. Why Not? No, because I'm not take I'm not talking about, I'm not talking stereotypically I'm not trying to demean him.


I'm critiquing his, his plate. That's what I'm doing. I'm talking about from, based on my knowledge of the game, having played the game, having studied the game, having covered the game. I'm basing my opinion solely on my intimate knowledge of the game. It's not about you. I'm not talking about what you might have done on the off the field. I'm not talking about anything other than that. You played What about basketball? Yes. But you never played Basketball. I never played basketball. But you still have opinion on it. I Still have an opinion. And That opinion sometimes rubs people to wrong, wrong way. It does. And you keep Talking about it. But Again, I'm talking about their play, not their ethnicity. Not something that they have maybe have done that people have talked about for a hundred, 200 years.


There's a difference. I believe stereotype is, I'm not stereotyping that player. Well, I don't, yeah, I'm not saying Well, because Lucas white, he can't jump. You talk about, you're saying specifically stereotypes. Yes. But what if like, it's a cultural analysis. I I think it all depends. I mean, if it's a situation where, Like is there a specific thing that you're referencing for me? Because maybe I can, I can speak to it. It seems like you're hung up on this idea. No, no. I'm not hung up because I, I look at, I look at, You know, guys that do the edgy comedy. Yes. And I, and I do believe that's, that's kinda where you go. You like to, you like to live on the edges.


You like, damn, this middle, this middle. It is too safe in here. Yeah. I need to be right up to the edge. Yeah. That's, I mean, You know what, let me look over there. You know what, as a matter of fact, let me put my foot over the edge. Yeah. That's how you look at it. Yeah. That's the fun. Well, it depends. Like, not to like plug my special, but my current special is just like me not being able to get my wife pregnant. 'cause my sperm sucks. So it's like, I could also go to Abu Dhabi and make fun of them about the interesting cultural observations I've made. And then I could talk about the things that are difficult and vulnerable in my life. So it, it depends. And there's some might people that might be offended. Right. But there's also like multiple arenas of people who are specifically coming out to who they show up, see me, make fun of them, Show up.


Well, you had sold out back at the farm and the Crip, you sold out Madison Square Garden. So, And like when you look at the audiences at my shows, I would, I would be like concerned if I was in your situation, if it was just like all white people Right. And were just laughing at minorities. Right. That'd be weird. Right? But when you look at it and it looks like the un To me it's like a s mortgage board. The proof. Yeah. It's the proof in the pudding. Right? It's like, oh wow, these people actually enjoy seeing this. And they don't like, they don't like Karen's telling them what they should or shouldn't laugh at. Most people that I see policing jokes are like some white guy on NPR from Maine who's never had a minority friend who's like, white people should not be doing this. Right. And then minorities are too sensitive.


We cannot make a joke about them at all. Right. Their feelings get hurt. They're so weak. And it's like, to me that's racist. It's racist that you assume that they can't take jokes. Right? Like all the minorities I grew up with, we were, You know, giving each other dozens, nonstop. It was just a normal thing for us to do. So that's my experience. Lemme ask you this. Have you told a joke on stage? And you look around And you see people that look like you waiting around to see who else laugh before they laugh? Bro, You know what that white people do that if you tell a black joke and there's a black person there, they, they'll always, they'll go like this or like, yeah, they'll be like, is the black guy laughing they back? Ah, that shit is funny. Isn't it funny?


Like, so white people will do that. They're more polite. But non-white people, like minorities, they're they're, they laugh at everybody. Yeah. They usually don't give a fuck. Yeah. Like, they're not concerned. They're laughing. White people are a little bit more concerned. They want to make sure, they want to be like, okay. Yeah. We laughing. You're laughing. That's what, now we're on the same page before you acting Like you're not laughing. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I I'm the laugh. But my thing, I was saying that if somebody told me, I give a prime example. There was a guy, his name was Fred Zu. He worked on camera three when I was at CBS. Hmm. And I used to call him Ichiro and which means firstborn in Japanese. Was he Japanese? He was. Did You know that for a fact? Or you were guessing? I would know that for a fact.


Okay. So if you want to guess, just go Chinese. There's way more. No, no, no, no. He, he was Japanese and one day his sister passed. Mm. But his sister was the firstborn. So he comes to me. Yeah. He said, he said Shannon, he said, I know you've been calling me Ichi Rowe for like the past six or seven years. He say, but my sister passed and she was the first born. I would really appreciate it if you called me about my name. Boom. I didn't say, man, I've been calling you Ichiro for six, seven years, bro. Get over it. Yeah. Fred, no problem. Yeah. His name was Fred. His name was Fred. Fred Freddy. Shami. Freddy. Shout out bro. Yeah. Shout, shout about you Fred. No, no, but but I'm saying that, that that's, that's how I operate Andrew.


Yes. That's how I operate. Yeah. I didn't go back and say, bro, I've been calling you this. So, But yeah. You're not a professional comedian. No. You're a broadcaster that you don't need to talk to the camera three guy could and insult his heritage. I could. And dishonor his family. I could be. Do You know what I mean? But yeah, I think that, that, that's thing. Do Think we start telling Joe to get back? Dion Cole, I'm gonna get back. Dion. Cole, why? What did Dion do? Nah, he got me at a NAACP image award. He said something slick. What'd He say? He's talking about my clothes be tight. You do like to show off. I mean, you like to flirt. I Do. I what? Nah, you flirting bro. Bro. That's like, that's some, yeah. You could wear bag your, why Don't you believe in conspicuous consumption? If you have it, flaunt it.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try with Future Health? You can. Future Health gives millions access to affordable weight loss meds for less than three bucks a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try Fh.com Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Okay. Ladies, when I said we came to play, didn't I mean it, this Disney cruise got me feeling like a queen. We can get massages at Census Spa. Have a meet and greet with Black Panther. Ooh, I love him. And I can't wait to sunbathe on the private Island. And the kids will be fine. Girl. They're good. Exactly. While they hang in the kids club with Mickey Mouse. We can do our Thing and do it well all day. Disney Cruise line is where we came to play.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible beverage items like Red Bull and Sparkling Ice or breakfast favorites like Kellogg's Pop-Tarts, Kellogg's Frosted Flakes and Kellogg's Eggo waffles plus many more. Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards to save even more restrictions. Apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


I don't know what you just said. I went to public school, bro. I I, listen. You should have ct, I don't know how the, you even pronounce all those words. What the fuck did he say? Conspicuous. Conspicuous. Consumption. Consumption. If you have it, if you have it, flaunt it. Yes. So So you are trying to show off? No, you just Said you trying to show off Shannon. I'm saying I feel gaslit. No, what I'm doing is that I work out okay. And I work, I mean, how big what you want me to get? Triple X? Alright, so now you're showing off. Let's say a dude comes up to you and he's like, yo, I like what you're showing off. I now I know that you're about that showing off. And he's like, I like it. No. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What do you Mean? No, I What you mean I'm showing off? I ain't showing off.


I got on clothes. I can see if I came up here and did the interview with nothing. Hold on, hold on, hold on. He just said You about the conspicuous whatever it is. Conspicuous consumption. That sounds like a Harry Potter. No, I'm saying if you have it, flaunt it. Yeah. So you are saying you got it flaunting and a guy is over here like, yo, he's flaunting. I'm trying to catch some of that flaunt. He comes up To you bro. Bro, I'm bro, I don't get down like that. No, no, no. I know you don't. We we saw the video. We Saw the video. But that's what I'm gonna say. That's what I'm gonna say. Oh, You say yo, I don't get down like stiff arm. Stiff Arm. Yeah, that's It. That he's Stiff too. And we done. Yeah. We don't, that's done. That's it. But I don't give off that vibe. Now. People on the internet, people on the internet can say what they want to, but I have never, you Don't give off that vibe. You don't give off that Vibe.


I've never been in a situation where somebody has approached me from the same sex. It's like, But that's, but that's the thing that's weird. It's like you don't gotta give off the vibe. Like no girl gives off a vibe for us to think they're hot. They're just hot. No, No, no, no. For you to, for me, I for in today's time. Yeah. Schultz, you can't just, Hey, you look nice. That dress look nice on you. I ain't complimenting nobody. I got Wife, wife. I Can't do that. No, I'm just saying period. Yeah. If it's not, if it's not my sister, my, my, my daughter's. Yeah. Or mine. Yeah. I ain't, you ain't getting no compliment, no Compliments at all. Hell no. What if, what if they have a, I don't care. I don't care if they dress like Kanye's wife. You gets nothing from me.


Oh no. I'll compliment. That's I Well I think we could objectively say she has huge tits. Nah, because you say something to somebody now you make them feel uncomfortable. She made me feel uncomfortable. Yeah. If I saw her in person, I would feel very uncomfortable. 'cause it'd be impossible not to look at what she's got. I mean, she's, objectively speaking, we're just talking about biology. Right. She's stacked to the gills. I take your word for it. Huh? You've never seen it? I don't, I Don't pick it. You getting in that elevator? Nah, nah, nah, nah. You getting in that elevator, you hitting every floor. He just come. Nah, nah. Hell, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't pay. I don't pay no attention. What Is your love life like right now? You have a girlfriend? What's the whole thing? I'm okay. I'm doing No, I know you're okay. I know you're good, but like, do you date, like how does somebody get into Shanna's world?


I'm private man. I keep that stuff hush Hush. Really? Because if you, if you date publicly, you gotta break up Publicly. Oh. And the breakup publicly is brutal. Huh. And then, You know, you, you change insults on Twitter or IG And you post everything And you end up on the gossip columns. Ugh. And I Ain't trying to do that. And then they can talk about you.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the Monster slams to edition the Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bets you can make on DraftKings the home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sports Book app. Make your pick. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5. Get $150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports book app and use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


So lemme ask you this. Yes. Did you play sports as a kid? Because it seems like you like sports. You know a lot About sports. I hooped. I hooped and then I boxed. You hooked. I hooped I played basketball. Hula hoop. Yeah. Hoop hooped. Oh yeah, Yeah. In New York City. Yeah. You were Hooper. Yeah, I'm I'm, I was nice. I'm dunking on you. But you don't think that, 'cause I'm white, but I'm dunking on you in the game. Mm. Actually you're big and you're probably like quick. It's probably tough to get by you. But Yeah, I used to be nice to basketball, basketball and then boxing. I did in college a bit. And then I just, my nose is too big for that shit. Like even in the headgear it would get hit. Yeah. Like headgear should protect your nose.


But my nose would be popping right out the head. I just be smacked in head. But I did smoker. Did You, did you, did you want to play sports? So when you were growing up with I Wanted to hoop, I wanted to play ball. Like, I mean, nationally as a kid, I'm like, yeah, I'm gonna be a professional basketball player. And then like, I played in high school and then I got like some, like D three interests and I was like, I don't know if I'm gonna go to some, some liberal arts college to like play on the team there. Like, I don't give a fuck about that. So I went out to uc, Santa Barbara, and then I just went out to school there and I didn't play, I didn't play on the team or anything like that, but I played with guys who like, I saw the levels, put it that way. Yes. Like I saw, like I, I would play this guy in the summer and he was the guy who played like D two, like school on Long Island.


It was a long, I don't know, like Philadelphia. But, and then he went and played in Europe. Right. And he was just, he was just nice. Like he, there's just, as You know, you're a professional athlete. There's levels to this. And I saw my level and I could have worked harder. Don't get me wrong. I could have worked harder. I could've done other things for my game. But my game was built around, I know this is gonna sound maybe hilarious because of your stereotypes of me, but it was built around athleticism and length. See, look at that. Do you see this racist stereotype that you have? This is disgusting. We shouldn't allow this. I'm telling you right now that that is hurting me. So please never do that Again. So, so you, you, you, you please Never, I've told you that, that hurt my feelings.


So please never talk about white people again. I didn't, I didn't say that. I didn't say anything. I just shook my head. Please never shake your head like that again. This is what it sounds like when people try to censor jokes. Yeah. Like please never talk about it again. Right. My feelings are But you are athletic. I'm tell, I'm I'm cooking you. No problem. I know it sounds crazy. It does. But I would, back in the day, I would. It's not because there's, here's the thing. It's like, like I invented a move called the hesi. I don't know if you're familiar with it. And basically what happens is I have a left to right cross. Right. And then I have a left. Hes, yeah. And it's just, there's nothing you can do about it. You gotta ask Jay Williams, You know Jay Williams? Yeah. Number two draft pick. Right. Maybe the best college point guard ever.


Some people say cooked his ass on video. Okay. Yeah. I I was just wondering about that. Yeah. I mean, you're familiar with this, right? I'm, I'm familiar with Jay Williams. I'm familiar with you probably I Love Jay, but I told him, you don't want this smoke. I'm gonna hit you with the hezie. I'm gonna cross that ass over and I'm gonna hit a tear drop in your face. And then I did it. And then I won. What were your parents like? My parents owned a dance studio. They would teach dance lessons. Mm. Yeah. You didn't wanna go into the family business? No. I know some dancing. I know a little bit dancing, but they didn't really pressure me like that. Really? Yeah. Yeah. My dad before that was a journalist. So he would like You have siblings? Yeah, I have a little brother.


That's it. Yeah. Just a little brother. And then my mom was a ballroom dancer and she was a three time us ballroom dance champion. She's originally from Scotland. She moved here when she was like 20. Okay. Yeah. So what type of Big brother were you? Were you protected? Yeah, of course. Of course. Yeah. Absolutely. Is that why you learned how to box? No, I think I learned how to box 'cause I like talking shit. And so you need to be able to, well, you ain't talk when that man jumped on stage and punch you. You ain't do nothing. Well, I didn't learn how to box yet. Oh. I just learned how to talk s and I realized, You Know what I'm saying? You got, you got it backwards. You got both. You got it backwards. Exactly. Box first did talk ish later. What is that shit they say about America? It's like, like America, You know? What is it? The, the First amendment is freedom of speech, not amendment, but the first whatever it is.


Oh my God, I should know about this. I feel, what Is it? First freedom Of speech. It's freedom of speech. And then number two is you could carry a gun Right. To bear arms. And There's a reason why. Right? I think it was Michael Cha that had a joke about this. I'm not exactly sure, but it was like, if you gonna let people say whatever the fuck they want, they gotta carry something Right. To make sure. And on some level I did probably feel that way. I was like, I gotta be able to protect myself. Right. If I like talking, But I will give you credit. Yeah. You talk about everybody, everybody Gets these jokes. I think the second you stop doing it about one group Yeah. Then it becomes hateful. Okay. Okay. I see What you're saying. Because if I'm equally making fun of everybody Right. It's love. I, I genuinely want everybody to laugh. Right. When I say the jokes. Okay.


Genuinely that's the goal. Like, I'm out here hoping that you come to a show or you watch online And you smile And you laugh And you have a little joy in your day. That makes me feel good. How much tickets, How much does it cost for tickets? Yeah. To a show? Yeah. Well, it depends, depends where you sit, You know, depends what part of the venue You're in. Okay. Up close. I don't know how much of a ticket stuff I have to ask the Jew. It could be up to 200. Two 50. I'm gonna watch it online. Yeah. You gotta watch it. Yeah. Yeah. You can afford it. Stop it. I'm watching all that. You got different colored diamonds on your fake Rolex. I'm watching all that. Yeah. Come. What is it? Did you put these On? No, that's the cotton candy. Oh my God. That's like way more fancy than I even know about with watches.


You're rich, dude. Nah. No. You got money. Money. No, not that you dress like a Pilates instructor. Yeah, but you got money. Money. That's the thing that throws me off. Lulu, you look good in the Lou. How do you not have a deal with Lulu yet? I'm trying to get one. You need Hey, who's your guy? Ria. Ria. Ria. Are you part Jewish? No. Dov, can you help in bestow some wisdom? There would've already been a deal. There would've already been a deal. Okay. We gonna get this deal? Yes. Lululemon. Lemme ask you this. I I I've never, I've never asked anybody this before. How big is it? No. In inches or Centimes. Why is it Yes. That we look at it as giving you praise.


How you guys stick together, come together, get money. Yeah. Why do you guys look at that as a stereotype or frown? Jay-Z. Who is, who is you guys? The Jewish people. Oh, I'm not Jewish. I'm not, I'm not, You're not Jewish? No, my bad. Everybody, everybody Thinks They're, I'm not offended by it. How do you feel about you? I'm sorry I called you that. No, I, I would, I don't Yo, cut, cut that Lululemon deal. That shit is done. Okay. Dov, please call the head the head Jew. I wanna make sure call The head athletic, wear Jew and say no deals. Hold On. But your, your parents are from Poland, right? No, you just said they're Polish, Scottish.


Go Scottish. Not all white people are the same. They're different countries where different white people live In, in Scotland Coast Pub. I'm half, I'm half white. I'm half white and I'm half Ghanaian. Ghanaian? Yes. From Ghana. Oh Lord. That Mercy. Who's doing your research? Nah, Don't buy ancestry.com. Didn't know about me. You talking about research? Wait a Minute. You don't think that I'm from Ghana? I, I'll take your word for it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Shout out Ghana, bro. Have you been to Ghana before? I have Not. No. No.


Oh, dude, that's the vibes now. That's it. I wanna go on a safari. Well that's not Ghana at all. But I want You're Just saying that. No, no, no. Because you think Africa is A no no s well, no, no, no, no. I did my ancestry. I'm I'm 90% Nigerian. Yes. Yes. So do You know what type of Nigerian No, they're different types. Ibo Yoruba. No, I don't know all that. No, they didn't, they didn't gimme all that. Oh, you gotta look in, there's some beautiful stereotypes as you would say about the Nigerian people. But the Nigerian people are fascinating, man. Well, maybe you can help me out. You're not Jewish, but I'm gonna ask you this question. Yes, Yes. You were about to ask me a question about like, why is it when They get offended you Stick together because LeBron, LeBron, I'm, I'm Trying, I'll speak on behalf of all Jews for you right Now.


No, no, but I'm, I'm just saying maybe you can help me maybe because you have a better understanding than I do. Yeah. Is that LeBron said, like, You know, I'm trying to get money, like Jewish people. And they like, oh, they lost it. He said that J Yeah, he it was a song. It's a song. He was, He he wrote a rap song. No, he didn't write a rap song. He was he was regurgitating the line. Yeah. In the rap song. So you're saying if I just say a rap lyric, I could get in trouble for it potentially. Well, yeah. I mean, I guess, I guess they look at it like somebody from the opposite race saying the N word. But I'm saying getting money. How y'all, how how Jewish communities stick together. Yeah. They pull together, they root for one another, blah, blah, blah. Do They?


Yeah. You think they do? I think they do. We're all the Jewish rappers. They seem to be, I don't know if, I don't only know if it's Jewish rappers. I know there's like none. Jack Harlow. He looks kind of right. He got the curls. Are you sure? I think Jack's secretly Jewish dude. Don't you think he's an industry plant? What? Oh Lord. They call that an industry menorah. No. Why? I think that, I mean, I don't know. It depends. It depends what it is. I think it's hard to like, I think, I think you should look out for people that you care about. You know what I mean? Like I imagine you do that with your friends. I've tried to build business with my friends. Yeah. My friends just don't happen to all be like in the same community. Right. But if you grow up in a community, it's not weird.


Right? So like when I see black people looking out for black people, or Jews looking out for Jews like Yeah. We need black people. I'm not like, we need to do that more though. But don't you think that that's happening? Don't you think there's an effort? Not enough? No, not enough. Okay. Well then do, okay. How can you start? What can you do? I'm Doing my part. See, for me, Yeah. Shows I don't, I don't like to tell people what I'm doing because I do it, it not for praise. Mm. Because the way I look at something, even if I do something special Yeah. And nobody tells me that it's special. I still believe that it's special. Yeah. So I don't do it for the cameras. I don't do it to see my name in print. So if I give or I donate something. Yeah. If you mention my name, I won't give it to you again. Now I know you, I know you won't say this, but I just wanna say that, You know, the people behind the scenes working on this Yeah.


Are all black. Nah, my makeup wear Brit. Hey, hey, Hey. Every Listen Rick, go. I, I, Hey, listen. I'm just saying you have, you are providing black jobs And you are looking at black community. Nobody behind the camera here is not black. I just wanna point that out. Nah, We got one. We got a, we Don't have to count 'em. Those days are done. We're not doing that anymore. Okay. What the hell's going Over here? They did away, they did away with affirmative action. So I'm doing DI is over. Yeah. Yeah. We good. No, I honestly, I don't know. What's your thought on that? Like, do you think I, I guess people when they hear that, like a group is looking out for one another, maybe they feel alienated by it, right?


Is that, is that against That? That might, that might, that, that might be, I mean, for me, but Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I mean I, I love the fact that, You know, they, they, they root for one another. They work with one another. Yeah. And it, and for me, like for, and I'm from the outside looking in. Do You, do you, do you want to like, recreate that Is maybe that way? Yeah. I want our community, I want our community to be that I want, yeah. I think there is a distinct difference though with like the black American community and the Jewish community. And I'm not talking about just jumping ability. I, I think that like the Jewish community is bound. Right. I would imagine by this book that was written like 3000 years ago, right. Of religion, these customs, et cetera.


Right. And unfortunately because of horrible circumstances that my family had nothing to do with, despite the way I look, black Americans are, are bound. Now, of course, in modern times, there's like amazing culture. Yeah. Like you guys dominate American culture. But historically speaking by the oppression, right. That's what unifies the black experience. Right. Unfortunately, now much different. Right. Art, music, food, yes. Like all these other things. Yes. But initially speaking, yes. You don't have 3000 years of, hey, this is our culture. Right. Whereas the Jamaican community in America does, right. Like the African community in America does, like the Somali community can tap into 3000 years of culture. Right. So it's easy for them to look out for one another, take care of one another.


And I wonder if the Somali community in America operates similarly to the Jewish community in America, or the Russian community in America, or the Italian community in America. Right. And I, I wonder if it's like a more difficult task for black Americans in general because you're not a monolith that has like one book that's driving your culture. Correct. You've had completely different experiences and unfortunately because of history have been torn from your like, ethnic and country identity. Right. So you don't know what tribe you're from in Nigeria. Correct. And if you did, maybe that would inform so many things about you. Like, I don't know what tribe I'm from really in, in, in Scotland.


I mean, I know I'm part of like the Cameron clan, that's what it was. Okay. But like, it maybe be really cool if I knew more about that. Right. And then maybe it would help like congeal the community. So I think it is a cool thing to look towards and do. But you also gotta give yourselves a little bit of slack. You're building a new identity. Right. And you're comparing yourself to groups that have existed for thousands of years. You're supposed to in 400 years. Right. Become the same as Italian people. Well, we gotta start somewhere though, Anne. No, no, no. It's great. Yeah. But also like, take a moment and be like, holy shit. Look, look what we're doing. And Right. Like what? This is pretty cool. Yeah. Like, I think there's just like a moment to pat yourself on the back. 'cause you're comparing yourselves to thousands of years of history.


Okay. That's my take. Maybe I'm off, but that's my take. What's your thoughts on Kanye? He got the shirts out. Andrew, come on bro. What, Why, why is he doing this? He doesn't have to, I think, I think his, like, his knee jerk energy is just, how can I antagonize? My guess is if you told Kanye, if you said to Kanye, if you were like, you won't love juice, he'd be like, I won't. What? And if you're like, I bet you won't love juice. Matter of fact, I'm telling you right now, you're not allowed to love juice. The next day he'd have a shirt. I love juice. Do You know what I mean? Like Right. And I think like they're, He loves going against the grain.


I think he likes, this is my assumption. I don't know the guy at all, but my assumption is he doesn't like being told what to do at all. And anytime he feels like a cultural impulse telling him like it happened with the MAGA hat. Right. Right. Yes. He's like, I'm gonna let You know. You're not gonna tell me what I can or can't do. And I assume that's what drives him. Okay. And so the second you tell him he's being racist, he's like, all right, well I'm doubling down on that. Right. You know, his wife is really talented though. She's in a new movie. Did you see the new movie? I did not. It's called The Elevator starring Shannon Sharp. It was the real movie Man. You got bro.


And you got jokes, but okay. Yeah, you had a couple of comedians. I get they're not comedians, but these Are good questions, man. Yeah. They, I'm Not, I don't wanna sound surprised, like obviously you're a phenomenal this. Yeah, we do. We, But like, it's cj My producer, we do a great CJ Great job too. You guys do a really good job of building this. I Appreciate it. Thank You. I mean, it sounds silly to say 'cause you guys are so successful, but I do think it's important to give people compliments when they Work. Thank you. I appreciate that. Yeah. Yeah. You caught a lot of criticism. Yes. Well, I said yes, but I don't know what you're talking about You, because you already know. Yeah. I, I got criticize with that. It's always, It's always, once you get over 4 million followers on Instagram Yeah. You're, it's like you're clout. So You broke the internet when you had James, I think you say fu ha Oh, the gigs guys.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yes. And about the black Girl effect. Yeah. So tell me, tell me, how did that conversation come about? Yeah. And then tell me what you were thinking when you said what you said. So the, what was the black girlfriend effect is essentially like when a white guy dates a black girl, he starts to glow up. Right. He like, starts to like look better. Right. And he gets like a beard, You know, shape up and he's just like, fine. And I've heard of the black girlfriend fight, obviously. So what, what did, what was he saying at referencing it? It was like Travis Kelsey or something like that. Yeah, I think. Yeah, because, but yeah, he was saying they glow up, they start to look different. They get beers and things like that. And I think you said Yeah, but they go bald because it No, that's what I was like, so, so for me, I'm like, this is a comedy podcast.


I'm like making a joke. First of all, I hate explaining jokes. I can't believe I'm even doing this. It's like so stupid. But, so I'm like, yeah, what is the opposite take? Right. A lot of times in comedy, the opposite take Okay. Is the funny thing. Look at the other side. So you go the other side And you try to defend the indefensible or whatever it is. This is what I've done my entire career. So the opposite take is no actually the reason why they, they, they're shaping up their hair because they're going bald. 'cause they're stressed out, they're growing a beard. So there's more padding in case they get slapped. Right. It's just the opposite take of the black girlfriend effect being, you look so much better. Right. It's really not that sophisticated. But they went on another podcast and say they didn't think that girls in Atlanta were pretty, so black women in Atlanta were very offended by these two English dudes, black dudes that were basically calling girls in Atlanta.


Ugly. This is like the hub of black culture in America. Yeah. Like, and you're just gonna call the black women ugly. So they were ripping them and then they started ripping them for laughing at my joke. Oh, okay. So it wasn't really about what I said it was, look how corny these guys are. And they are corny. Look how corny these guys are. Here's another example of their corniness. Right, right. And then Ryan Clark took a break from posting pictures of his outfits on Instagram to do a whole Soli. Man, why you on RC Man? Bro, Did you have a conversation? I love his Instagram. The outfit posts are amazing. Right? Like I, the group chat is always full of the out.


Like we can't wait for the new Ryan Clark outfit drop the second, the new outfit where he's walking in the streets and the smoke is in the background and like an inspirational quote. You know what I mean? That's like, ugh. You need to have a conversation. Ryan's a good dude, man. No, I know. Everybody tells me he is a good dude. But he did that and he like, it just felt like it was all clout. Yeah. And he tried to make it this big thing and he's like, by the end of it, he's like, he's one of these guys that like, wants to say the N word but doesn't, and I was like, what the is going on? Like, what are we even talking about? Right. The the, the stories about those guys Right. Who insulted the black women. Right. And laughing at that joke and then he kind of reframed it and then made it about me. But lemme But then they go on and says, well I probably should have kicked the cameras over and punched him, him in his face.


Yeah. Because I should have done a lot of shit. Everybody should have done a lot of shit. But that was the opportunity. I mean, I didn't say he had to do all that, but he could have said, bro, I don't, I don't think that's funny. But he thought it was funny. Exactly. Until he got criti. Exactly. Got blow back. Exactly. And then he thought it was gonna affect the bottom line. And then, You know, then you just do whatever. But that's the problem is a lot of people aren't willing to take the criticism. Right? Like it or not, I don't sway from criticism. Right. I don't say you can't criticize me. Right. But I'm not bending like they're gonna bend. Like Right. Then you're just a plastic bag in the wind. Right. Then whatever the people say becomes your identity. And then people can't trust you. In my opinion. Like, I think deep down people do respect when you have your, your own constitution, your own rules.


Right. I say I make fun of everybody. Right. And I'm always gonna do that. It doesn't matter what the group is, I'm gonna do it and then I'll get backlash And you can have that backlash, but it's not gonna change me from being me. And eventually people start to learn. Maybe that was the first time they saw me and they're like, that was fucked up. Why did he say that? And eventually I think that they start to go, oh, that's just what he does. He, he's actually cool with everybody about it. And it's not a personal thing. He doesn't really hate anybody. Actually loves everybody. And that's just the way that he shows it. He shows it through jokes and humor and these observations. Why, Why do you get into it with everybody on online? I don't do, I don't ever get In with people. You got into it with Cubes, ice Cube Junior. Oh that was just fun. Sometimes it's, it's shooting fish in a barrel.


Yeah. Ice cube. What, what do I call him? Ice cream. He's big I think. I think, I think I think Cream. I like him though. Yeah. But he was just being foolish. Like he was trying to have a moment. Everybody was trying to have a moment. Like there was just this big, anytime I see people trying to have a moment. Right. It's like, okay, well if you want to have a moment then I'll also maybe have a moment like Exactly like if you put something out there and you're trying to, You know, pile on me. So you'd be reading your comments, huh? Oh, of course. Everybody reads their comments. I used to respond to, I used to respond to. I don't respond though to the comments unless it's a you dead. Well, if you're big enough I will. Yeah. Yeah. I just can't respond to everybody. Right. Correct. Yeah. You know, but like, there's certain people where Yeah, you should like I've never said anything about Ryan.


No. And I actually, this is the thing that's annoying about Ryan is like, I actually think that he's like, he's good. I think he is like good at what he does, but I just thought that that was like really corny. Right. And it felt like it was just, I'm gonna sandbag this dude for clout. Here's an opportunity for me to look virtuous and I'm gonna not even reach out to him. You could reach out to me. You've asked me to be on your show. Y'all have asked me to come on the show. So you have the ability to ask me the context of things. Oh, okay. That's the thing is like, So you came on, you came on Club Shehe first. Huh? Of course I appreciate I appreci that it, I appreciate. Come on. No competition here, bro. You know what I mean? I appreciate that man. I appreciate his outfits more. You know what I mean? You know, see I'm comfortable. That one's More baggy than usual. I feel like you only the Ozempic bro.


I feel like you lost, I feel like from the start of this interview, you lost weight. The bracelet's falling Off. Something is happening Ozempic. What's up with Ozempic? Man, lemme ask you this. So yeah, you say you like to give the counter. So what's the white girl a thing? White girls that date black men? What's the effect? White girls that date black guys? Like what happens to the black guys? Yeah. Oh man, they don't gotta dress as cool. You know what I mean? They could, I don't now what else, what? I dunno. White girls that date black guys. What is, what is the what what happens to the black guy? Yeah, because you, the black girl. In fact that the guys were saying they glow up. They look different. Yeah, they move different. They got, they vibe different. They got the swag now you said. Okay.


Yeah, but You know, they start to ugh, they go bald because they stress. Yeah. So when white girls date black guys, like what happens with the black dude? Yeah. God, I don't know. We gotta ask him. I mean obviously you've heard the stereotype. You Ain't got no, you ain't got no black guy friends that date white women. Is that shocking to you? That my black friends are real? You know, You know what I mean? Is that shocking that my black friends keep? Yeah, Because I, I mean you, you keep there. You got black friends. But I ain't heard no name yet. I mean the, first of all, Dr. Umar Johnson was my best man. My, ah, man. There you go. Dr. Umar was the best man at my wedding. Okay. And the only Reason came for you. Listen, never. That's my boy. I love Dr. Omar. Whatever. No, I'm telling you.


Dr. Umar is the goat. I'm tell you he is the goat. The greatest of all time. Yeah. But no, Charlemagne keeps it true. Charlemagne is. Yeah. Yeah. Charlemagne. Y'all got a pod together. That's What I'm saying. You know, and You know, so it's, what about you, man? You date, you date exclusively white women or what? I, I look, I go where I'm celebrated, not tolerated. And I like who like me. Yeah. You dress like a white woman. I once upon a time that, You know, you try to stay fly, but I'm like, nah, You look great. You look great. Lemme look at me. But so, so you'll date whoever. It's no like, yeah. But now do you feel the pressure though, of like, I think, I think at least I see it now, that there's like a pressure for black women, black men Specifically.


Well not just black men. Yeah. Well off black men. Ooh, Lene, celebs, entertainer, influencers like that. Yeah. Regular guy. And What is, what Is the pressure? 'cause I mean, they say, well, hey, you wait till you get some money and then you go cross. So, and Why do you think that that happens? Why does it happen? I, I look, have I dated outside my race? Yes. But I dated that people that, that, that adored me. That appreciated me. Yeah. Not to say at the time they didn't. Yeah. I've dated my kids, but I dated women that celebrate men. Appreciate men. That's where I'm gonna be. I'm, I'm, I don't look at it because I'm not dating for society.


I'm dating for Shannon. Yeah. I think that's normal. I also think that like, like if you live in China, you're probably gonna date a Chinese person. Right. And there's what is the black population of America is like 10%, 12%. Probably 12%. So Half of that is women. Yes. So, so 6% of America is black women. And then the white population in America is, I don't know, like 50% or 60%. I don't know what it's, so There's 30, 40, 12, like 34. Yeah. Probably 40 something percent. Let's just round it. 50. Let 50. So 25% Yeah. Is white women, right? So you have four times the amount of white women than black women.


So maybe the numbers, maybe it's not just like a black guy gets on and then it dates a white girl, right? Maybe there's just more white women. Well, they they're just By the numbers. There are. Yeah. Well, there is, there is. So like, yeah. 'cause 'cause I, I can imagine if I was a black woman and I saw that, I would feel that way. I'd be like, whoa, what the going on? Like, why? I feel like concern, but I feel rejected. I don't know. I don't know. As we as black men, if we feel that same way when we see a black a, a black woman dating a white guy. I don't think, I don't think it it, I think you guys, I don't think it elicit the same response. I think you guys are a little intimidated when we date black women. 'cause I don't think you could fill our shoes. I feel like you're a little worried. I feel like you can't get to the back of it afterwards. No, I bet we good.


I be, no, I do think, I do see that a lot. I'd be like, oh, she's off the market. Like whenever I was dating a black girl, I would see black guys be like, oh man, I can't do That.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Okay. Ladies, when I said we came to play, didn't, I mean It, this Disney cruise got me feeling like a queen. We can get massages at Census Spa. Have a meet and greet with Black Panther. Ooh, I love him. And I can't wait to sunbathe on the private island. And the kids will be fine girl. They're good. Exactly. While they're the kids club with Mickey Mouse, we can do our thing And do it well All day. Disney cruise line is where we came to play.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for store wide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible beverage items like Red Bull and Sparkling ice or breakfast favorites like Kellogg's Pop-Tarts, Kellogg's Frosted Flakes and Kellogg's Eggo waffles plus many more. Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards to save even more restrictions. Apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


You updated a black girl? I Haven't, no. Okay. Sure. I guess I Haven't. Oh, you got down with the brown? Yeah. What do you mean? Of course. Okay. Okay. Why is this surprising? Well, I'm not pounding you on that. Like, there's some accomplishments. Yeah. There's hot girls, You know? Yeah. And then you try to put your peepee in them, You know, but, okay. How about that? Is that shocking to you? That that a white guy like this is so interesting. The world, is that like shocking to you? That there's, You know, that white people will date out of their race? Do you think only white people only date white? No, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, You thought I was Jewish too. So you assume probably I'm dating like a Jewish person. Yeah. Right, right, right, Right. Your wife Jewish?


My wife is, she was raised Christian, But, But technically her grandma is Jewish. But like, you kind of couldn't be back then. Right. So she had to like, right. So, but according to the Jewish religion, if the mom's blood is Jewish Right, they consider you Jewish. Right. But she's raised Christian, like, You know, she goes to church. Right. Sometimes I go to church too. Do you go to church? I haven't been in a while. Why not? Because the church is the building. My church is here. That's what lazy get in the building, man. A but the worst a get in the building. The worst, the worst people are in church.


Praise Lord. And doing the worst stuff. But Christ is king though, right? He is all I, I didn't feel, I didn't feel, I don't, I didn't feel you were very convinced by that. I don't, I don't. Nah, honestly, I really don't do a whole lot of talking about my religion 'cause You know. But What is your, are you Muslim? No. What are you I was raised Baptist. Okay, tell me about that. What's that about? What Do you mean? Like what's, what's distinguishable about the Baptist church compared to like a Presbyterian or something? I, I've only been to the Baptist church. I went to the Catholic church one time. I kind of like that. Really? Yeah. That's drive by 30 Minutes. What do you mean? Well, the Baptist church all day And you go out there black church that ain't had Baptist ain't like that now.


Now you there at nine, you are out of five. No way. Yeah. Like a job. It's the whole day. Yeah. Yeah, man. Now is it were, was there singing in your church or is that just a stereotype on the No. There singing lots of singing and good stuff Or what? Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean, we had a lady named Miss Margie Bird rest her soul. Yeah. That lady knows she could sing. Oh man, there's, oh yeah, man. But Christian music is like bel I get emotional. We would go to this church up in, it was in a school. It's in a school up in Harlem. Yeah. And where my, my, my wife's brother would go and they had these like really talented musicians that would sing. Like one guy was like on Broadway, he was part of the church. Right. But he was like in like a school auditorium. And I'm not a guy who really grew up with religion, but like, I'm in there and I'm bawling every single time.


What is that? Is there something about like, the people giving themselves to this, there's something beautiful about people giving themselves to a higher power that like submission to the unknown Man when that word hit that hit. But I thought that's what you were doing. I think I, when you were giving your speech, you were preaching to me and, and not like you were preaching the gospel, but you were, you were talking about something was so like the way you were speaking about your, your grandma's. Yeah. There was something, I'm very passionate Divine about it. I was very passionate about the impact that she had on me. And that was my one time show. That was my time to give Mary Porter a face because they had heard about her.


But now as the guy that did my bust, you could see it. He brought that clay to life. Mm. It was my time to bring Mary Porter to life with my boys. Yeah. And to shape and to show The world just who this woman was. And you, I was reading that you said that like, she wasn't very like, vocal with her love, but she demonstrated it. And I've heard that from people. Like, I wonder if this is also like a time thing. Like now I tell my daughter all the time, like a, she can't even understand the words. I I love you. She, that would be the first thing that she understands. Right. And, but I've heard this from people before. Like, you can communicate love without saying it. Yeah. Sometimes even saying it and not behaving it right is worse.


Right. So you're almost tricking somebody. You're like, you're telling 'em you love 'em, but then you're not around, you're not doing whatever. But you could feel, you could feel the love from her, huh? Right? Oh, Absolutely. Why? Absolutely. Well, I think the thing is she took my mom, she raised her nine kids and took my mom's three. And there's no question in my mind that she loved my mom's three more than she loved her own. Wha So for us, Why is that? You know, they, they say that grandparents love the grands more than they love their own kids. It is different. 'cause I think the thing is, is that, You know, you have a better understanding because as a parent, this is your first experience. Yeah. And now You know what is, now You know how to do it. So you get a second crack around to try to raise, to raise grandkids.


And man, it was, I know I'm not here. I'm not, we don't accomplish my brother and I don't accomplish nearly what we accomplished. And I used to have be, You know, I used to have the, the idea Andrew, is that I would look at like, man, I did it. Everybody could still be able to do it. But then it really dawned on me one day sitting alone, everybody doesn't have a Mary Porter. So that's maybe why maybe they had the same desire. Why do you think you're so comfortable giving credit to other people? Because I realize how you don't realize how much one can accomplish if he or she doesn't mind who gets the credit. I'm okay. I'm okay mentioning cj. I'm okay mentioning Ashley who runs nightcap.


I ain't got no problem. My brother, my coaches, I ain't got no problem. I understand that. Yes. I'm the face of it. Yeah. But I do realize that there are people behind the scene that make this machine go. Yeah. And I'm cool with that. I think it means, and again I don't wanna speak for cj, but like I think it probably means so much to even hear yourself be mentioned, especially when you're like behind the camera. Yeah. And I think it makes those people, You know, work and grind that much harder. 'cause usually they're not mentioned a lot. A lot of people I think especially in Hollywood are, are so empty. There's just this bottomless pit they're trying to fill constantly. No, I'm good. But that's what I saw from the speech. You are full. Yeah. And I don't know if, and the reason I brought up the grandma love thing is that like, I think that happens when you're young.


I think that you, you, I don't wanna say decide, but you're raised in a way that like you worthy of love and you're worthy of greatness. And I think that's the people that you're around. Right. And there are people that aren't raised like that and they're constantly trying to fill it. Right. And we've all interacted with those people and they sometimes can be entertaining. Right. But they also suck and they're like exhausting after a while. And Yeah. It's just cool to know that that happens. Yeah. Just through straight investment. She just invested with you. Yes. In you right? Yes. She's like, I she was there For you. Yes. When people say they gave you their last, I remember being in college and she was saying five bucks and, You know, no was, hey, this all this all granny got. Wow. And I appreciated that.


I just, I just knew, although I was born in Glen, lived in Glenville, I was born in Chicago, lived in Glenville, my mind was a million miles away. That's where I was. But that was what wasn't my mind was And were you ever able to communicate how important she was to you? To her? I don't think even. Yeah. Yeah. Even though I didn't say it. When I would go home and people would say, Mary, you did a great job with those boys. They're so respectful. They so well-mannered is Yes sir. It is. No sir. It's Yes ma'am. It's no ma'am. Yeah. She didn't really care about the football stuff. Yeah. 'cause that's your dream. Yeah. Yeah. She didn't really care about that. She didn't, she could. I mean she, it got her a life that she probably wouldn't enjoy the last Yeah.


You know, 30 plus years of her life. Yeah. But that was being good people. That's what she wanted. Her grand, that's what she wanted her kids and grandkids to be. Yeah. Lemme ask you this. So My, my, my pops has dementia, right? So he's losing his, his memory. He really has no short-term memory anymore. He still holds onto some like, old memories long. And it's like one of those things that every time I see him I'm like, have I communicated in my life how incredibly important he was? You know? And yeah, you just hope you do. Like, but again, maybe we do it without the words. Like, your mom, your grandma communicated her love to you. Yeah. Without you.


Well, she never said it without Saying it. She never said it. So maybe we've also communicated Right. Their importance to us without saying, I guess we can hope that. Right. Even though I have said it, I tell 'em every single time. But you're just like, you just hope before they leave that they know that they're everything. You Know, I'm a little older than you and, and, and I grew up in an era. They fed you, they cloth you. They took care of you. That was love. So I don't need to tell you Yeah. You got food on the table, you clothes, clothes on your back. Yeah. Yeah. That's love. Yeah. And so that's, that's the way, And You know, And you have to break that because a lot of times you raise your kids like you were raised. Yeah. Because that's what You know. Yeah. So for me, You know, you had to like, I had to, You know, tell myself, okay, yeah.


I love my kids. I love have to tell them. Yeah. I didn't get tell, but I knew she did. Yeah. I knew my grandfather loved me. Yeah. Because of how they treated me and what they did for me. Yeah. You take somebody else's kid And you raise them as your own. Poof. That's love. You know that. 'cause you got kids now. Yeah, for sure. You Know what that is to raise a Child. Yeah, absolutely. That's a different ballgame, man. I actually think that we lose sight of that a little bit. I think that, I think in, yeah. I don't think that we give enough credit to the women who stay home to raise children full time. And I think that in an effort to be progressive, right. Like my mom worked, You know, it was her business. But in an effort to be progressive, You know, we put so much on women we're like, you should work, but you should also take care of the kids care And you should also take care of the house and all this stuff.


And I think we've lost sight of how important just doing that thing is. Right. But we grew up in the era though. The women did that. They worked and took care of the house. But In, in that era, there was a, I would imagine there was a great respect and honor of those women. Right. They were the center of the house. Correct. Right. They, it's like, I mean, you could see contrived stereotypes, but like the grandma was the focal figure of the home. It don't matter. She's the Italian grandma, the black grandma, whatever it is. She, the family rotates around her. What she says goes, she keeps the whole family together and there's this great honor and respect. And I worry in like my wife's time, You know, that like my wife has this like guilt for staying home with the baby.


Right. No, she got her MBA. Right. She was working for Apple. Right. You know what I mean? She's, and then she, but that's what she wanted to do. And she almost feels like she has to explain to people when they ask what she's up to. No. And I, I hope we maybe get back to a time where, hey women, you wanna work? That's great. Right. But if you wanna raise your family, that's incredible. That's a, that's a, that's a full-time job in itself. That's work. Yes. That's incredible. Yeah. I think that'd be really cool in our lifetime if we could get back to that. Right. You mentioned that you was, early in your career, you was telling a joke and a guy punched you. That the only incident when somebody No, I used to get in fights all the time. Is that how, that's why you start, started boxing, to learn how to fight so you can defend yourself.


I Mean, I think it's important for a man to be able to like, defend themselves. I think it's good for your self-esteem and your character. Now I'm no like tough guy. Like I'm not trying to fight people ever. Like, but I do think for your confidence to, I think every guy should kind of learn some form of self-defense. You know what I Mean? Right. You ain't hit him. Say, I mean you, I mean you got a mic stand. You ain't hit him with the mic stand bro. You ain't throw the mic. It's Also, you have to understand like this show is at a restaurant. Oh, I'm performing like on the floor. Oh. In front of like the bus station at the restaurant. So like, I thought he's getting up to go to the bathroom or something. I got no clue exactly what's going on. Yeah. So it's not like he walked upt to the stage. I mean, my spot says well tingling. You know what I mean? No ab I was on 18th and Malcolm X.


Oh. Do You know what I mean? Like, they were tingling the second I got above 96th Street. They were tingling. Yeah. So did that that but that didn't deter you from telling, because clearly he was a figure. I've Had people throw bottles of beer at me. I've had Not recently. That's early in your career. Yeah. Early in my career. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Because at at that time, you have the ideas. Right. But you don't have the skills to make 'em funny to make every single time. It's still gotta be silly enough. Right. Do You know what I mean? Like, for example, that joke that I made about the, with the shits and gigs about the black woman effect. Right. It wasn't silly enough where even like the most person who is most easily offended still found it funny. Okay. But there's a way where it can be silly. There's a way where there's like an artistry in it.


And, and like I am, earlier in my career, I hadn't developed the artistry. And like now, like when I'm on stage, I think it's different than podcast where you're just shooting a shit. Right. But on the stage, I, I'm, I think I'm pretty good at like getting, getting away with that where You on joke stealing because I've heard, I've heard people say, nah, that's taboo. Don't steal no jokes. You can't do it. And then some, some I've heard comedians lately say, Hey, write better jokes. My pushback is Yeah. If somebody writes a song, sings a song. Yeah. And then you come behind and sing, say and change a few words. Write a better song. No, you stole that person's song. Yeah. You can't, you can't steal. You can't steal. It's like, it's also, it's also in comedy, you have to understand like for so comedy's really popular now. Yeah. Shout out Joe Rogan. You know what I mean? Like, it is just amazing his influence and like really just made it this like cultural sensation.


Right. Right. But the, the reality is that like before that we weren't really cared about or respected. You know, I love comedy always. Yeah. I grew up on comedy, but like, it's not like Hollywood took it serious. There's not a lot of money in it, to be honest with you. Back now there's money. But like back then Yeah. Hollywood couldn't make real things at it. They tried to make a sitcom but stand up, they're not really caring about. Right. So the only thing we had were these jokes and the idea that like, it could take you a year to develop a joke and then somebody else goes and does it. That's fighting. Even, even if they change the premise of it. Like, I might tell a joke with a, a bottle And you tell a joke with a can if the seal still just, Well here's the thing.


If they're, if they're stealing it, this is another thing comics gotta understand too. Okay. Is like, it's possible more than one person has the same idea. Okay. Okay. Okay. And I, so like if somebody is stealing, like they're literally going, Hey, I saw that. No, I'm gonna use it. That's wrong. Right. But like there's, there's jokes that I do or have done that I've seen other people kind of do. Yeah. Similar. I get it. Yeah. And like, my, my kneejerk reaction isn't that guy's a thief. My kneejerk reaction is like, oh, I thought I, it was a more unique idea than it is. But maybe somebody else also had a unique idea. Right. Like, I don't wanna immediately put thief on you. Yeah. And now with the internet, and this is this, that's like humbling, I think to comics is like, there's billions of people tweeting the funniest thing they could tweet.


Yeah. Every angle about the president getting shot in the air Yeah. Is gonna be said. You're not gonna say anything like that. Only you said. Right. Like that's even why not? This isn't the reason why. But like, my last special, not to like shamelessly plug, but like just a really personal story. Plug it. Nah, but it's, it's, but it's on Netflix March 4th. No, but like, it's a personal story. 'cause this is the thing I went through. So I hope other people talk about, You know, know maybe trouble getting pregnant and starting family, but I hope other people do. So it takes away the stigma. But also like, this, this is my experience. That's your story. So there's, You know what I mean? Like right in a time where everybody can have their hot take about politics or whatever it is.


I felt like maybe this is gonna be more unique and I can, I can separate myself a little bit from it. Yeah. Yeah. I I, I get that. 'cause sometimes like I don't watch sports with the sound. Wait, really? No. Why? Because I don't want, I don't want them to influence what I'm gonna say. For example. So when I'm watching a football game, there's no sound. This is so interesting. When I'm creating a set, like when I'm creating whatever, I don't watch any standup. I, when I'm creating my hour, I don't watch it. 'cause I don't want it to influence me at all. Wow. So now, You know, when you go up that night And you say something, if Steven a said something similar, you and your heart at least know, no I didn't. You both just good for you. And what a great idea because it sucks if that is your reaction.


Yeah. And then you see someone else having and you're like, but I organically thought of that. Yes. Like I've never saw him. And Sometimes I be like, well such and such said that. I was like, I don't know what he said. 'cause I didn't listen to the sound. So I don't know what he or she said. This is my what. I'm watching the game. This is what I deduce from it. Do You put music on with it? Do you put a podcast on with it? No. So you just watch in silence? I'm just watching in Silence. Like a serial killer. But, but You know what, it's gotten so bad. I watch all tough stuff like that now. I watch tv. I watch regular tv. It, it, it, it drives, it drives my tv. So You got subtitles On? No, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just looking Shannon, this is a problem bro. Maybe Shannon there there's storylines and there's dialogue that are very important.


I believe it. So you're watching severance with no sounds. Yeah, I'm, I don't, I mean, a lot of stuff I watch, I rewatch. I already know what it's saying. Yeah. I'm just laughing. Yeah. Yeah. What about porn? No, I don't, I don't get into porn. You don't do porn? Really? You didn't watch your boy OCHO porn? What porn he Had. He said he was doing an amateur porn. Man, Ocho be trolling. Who do you thinks got a bigger what? You, I don't know. You or Ocho Sinker. Who Do you thinks got? Who do you think got bigger? Dick, You ochocinco? I have no idea. Lemme ask you this. Would he, Would he think that he is a bigger one or you Man, he had the surgery, so Okay. But, okay. So post-surgery, you think he's bigger? I mean, I don't know.


He say he went from three to 11. So I'm gonna take it word for Do they Put it at the end or did they put it in the middle? I have no idea. That was, You know, I mean, I have no idea. Do You think they just put a whole head on top Of it? They, they got a place in Grand Junction where there people going to have reassignment and stuff like that. But I don't Know. Oh, you can take someone and put it on yours like a Mr. Potato? Nah, they don't work like that bro. It don't work like that. Are you sure? I'm pretty sure. Wow. I mean, I don't think you can just take somebody's finger and stick it on yours. It's gotta be yours. Right? I don't know. I don't know how that works. Well You know if you have a loser finger or you lose a arm, I don't think you can put somebody else's arm on your arm. It'd have to be yours. Right?


Well you can put someone's eyeballs into your face. I saw that Will Smith movie where he did that. I robot no, 16 pounds or something like that. Oh. And then he gave the liver. You can give all sorts of body parts. Yeah. You Yeah, yeah, yeah. You can give people your heart. You can't give them your cock. Of course you could give 'em your cock. No, you wouldn't. You wouldn't. On your deathbed allow Bequeath. No, I'm gonna use it when I go to heaven. What you gonna do up there in heaven with that thing? Hey, Hey, You caught, you did catch some flack. Hey you, We getting off this car? Nah, nah. You getting, you did.


You did catch some flack. You catch Some what? How did I, what did I catch some flack for Transgender? What'd I say about the transgender? Well you, I mean you like, I guess you said transgender women is like blacks in sports because they kinda like took it over. Oh, I, no, no, no. You're, you're see this is why you can't tell the joke. Well tell it. No, insert it. You can insert it. What did I say? I got, I got I got it here. Hold on, let me, let me get to the exact one. That joke was good as shit. But don't think any experie, you compare Women to taking over women's sports to black, taking over for special professional sports. Black runs faster. Jump higher than whites. Well you used to. You used to Still do. Nah, No, no. White's got white's got it back dude. Well y'all got Mack McClung three time dunk Champs.


I'm saying we're the three time dunk. Champs Cooper Deja got a pick in the Super Bowl. You Know, we got the best defensive. I mean it is really, something's good in the water. Yeah. I think something I be the Player in the NBA Nico Yoic Hookah Don Chi. We got hookah Don Chi. Yeah, we got, I mean it's kind of crazy right now. Whites are having a comeback. Yeah. What's going on? What do you think it is? You got one db. Y'all got two dvs. Wait, who's the other one? Corners. There's a DV from the Broncos. I think they went to the same school. It mighta. He's a white guy. Usually that comes up on our radar. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But that's a big deal. The white DB's a big deal.


It's a very big, big, big deal. Why do you think that is? Why do you think there's so few white TVs? Ah, I don't know. I mean, every once in a while, Scott Case was in the league. When I was in the league, I played against Jason C. Horn, Jason Seehorn. But he was getting cocked. He was good. He was good until he hurt his knee. Oh, That was it. Yeah. He was really good. He did. And he didn't get That because his knee didn't know he was white. And then once his knee found out he was white, it is like, what are we doing playing this position? Let's start coaching ourselves. I think, I don't think, I don't think the guys go out for those positions. Wait, why, why, why? I mean, normally I'm careful Now we might No, no. We might be talking about Stereotypes. No, no, no, no. I wouldn't want you to do that. I don't, I don't think they go out for that position.


Right. They normally play wide receiver. They play quarterback. Yeah. Or they play, they'll play safety. Yes. That is a, the corner is a, is a, is a speed position. A lot of skill, a lot of technique. And a lot of guys, they, they, You know, feel they're better equipped to play safety. Here's the joke. Right? Okay. Women are really upset that the trans women are like competing in women's sports with them. But I'll be honest, I can't wait for the day when trans women completely replace women, women and women's sports. That's my dream. I have a Martin Luther King dream that one day trans women completely replaced women, women at women's sports. And then women will know what white people went through when we let black people play sports.


Ated. This is why we have no sympathy for you ladies. We hear you on the news. Like, how can we win? They run faster and jump higher. We're like, oh, I wonder what that is. Like, I wonder, I wonder that must be so difficult to have a group of people Anyway. Yeah. That's the joke. Lemme ask you this. Who's your Mount Rushmore comedians? You direct? I, I don't know. In New York. And it's four. There's only, you only get four heads 'cause people be trying to put 5, 6, 7 heads on my restaurant. Yeah, sure. You got four Patrice O'Neal. Okay. Eddie, Bernie Mac, Chris Rock. Nice Little group. Yeah. Who influenced you? First person I ever listened to do standup was Eddie Murphy.


It was my father. He put in a cassette tape. Now we're dating myself here, but like, not VHS audio. Yeah. And we listened to Delirious. Okay. I remember seeing my dad. What that 84? No, I I I was born 83. So this is later, but maybe it came out here before. It came before. Yeah. Yeah. And he was doing the bit about like, what if Mr. T was gay? Yeah. What if Mr. Ralph cram I Yeah. And I saw my dad laughing so hard. And like from that moment, I can tell you the exact moment that I knew I was gonna be a comedian before even knowing it. But it was like, I wanna make my dad laugh like that. And oh, Eddie was just a genius. And then I got roped into buying those def comedy Jam, VHS tapes.


Remember when he was like, there was some one 800 number I called it from the house. I'm like, mom, I need your debit card or whatever. I'm like, I'm getting sent a new def Comedy Jam, VHS. And then I saw Kings of Comedy with some friends in the movie theater. We watching a movie theater. Yep. And I saw Bernie Mac and I was like, wow. That is truly the funniest human being I've ever seen in my life. And at this point in my time in my life, I didn't really know that there were bits. And he was so conversational. Like, if you remember Bernie, like, like he was funny. And then the jokes were like the sprinkles on top. But he himself Yeah. Just existed. So animated As a funny human being and oh my God. It was just like, I was just watching this, this like super genius on stage.


And then I saw Patrice O'Neal when I was doing comedy as a, when I was doing comedy as like a comedian early on. And I was like, oh, that is, that is the craft at its highest. It, it does not get, in my opinion, from everybody I've seen in person, that is the craft at its highest rest in peace. Patrice. Now, have you seen Patrice before? Yeah. Go watch Elephant in the room if you can. It's probably on Netflix. It is. I mean, if you wanna talk about like his ability to control attention, his ability to like, to lure you into his thought process and get you to take down your guard.


A lot of times when we're watching standup, we're almost kind of guarded. We'll be like, all right, where's the joke? Right. Where's the joke? But he so quickly gets you to just be like, Disarms you. And you're just like, we're Hanging bro. Yeah. Hey, we're hanging out. And you're, you're just looking at a super genius Right. And whose, whose skill of communication in The world is making people laugh. Right. And the little things that he like sets traps for the audience. Right. Then dunks. Oh, he's just, to me, that's the highest it's ever been done. Right. Is Patrice O'Neal You did you, I read what you felt. Chappelle took a shot at you on Rogan. Yeah, I think it was about the slideshow. Yeah. He called it like a slideshow. Right. I mean it had some pictures in it, but Yeah.


But yeah, I guess that, I think it was more like Rogan was like building me up. Right. And he was just being the great guy he always is. Which is like trying to build up young talent. Yes. And like give them praise and like he's sitting across from, You know, someone who's recognizes Many believe he is the goat Is the goat as as they should. Like he's brilliant. He is. And I think that he was like really kinda like serving it up for, for Dave to be like, Hey, yeah, he is great. He really good. And then he was kinda like, I don't know about that. You know? And I think, yeah, there's part of you that's like, ah man, I wish it didn't go that way, but it's okay. It is what it is. Joe. I've not had one person come on this show and say anything bad about Joe Rogan. They, they give him his flowers.


Like Joe a, you need this call, Joe, you want support call Joe Joe's gonna highlight you. Joe. Joe. Joe. Joe. Joe. What is it about Joe Rogan? What makes Joe Rogan so special? It's a benevolent king. Most people that have the disposition that like allows them to become powerful are not good. It's very rare you get a person that wants power Yes. And wants to help. Right. Usually people that want power have like a psychosis. Yeah. They have an issue. Right. Yeah. And they're like crazy people. Like every tyrant of any country, most of 'em are not like benevolent. Right. And he's a person who I don't think he ever was like, I'm gonna be the most influential, I'm gonna be whatever.


Yeah. But throughout the entire time has looked out for other people. Yes. Like the amount of people he's just made millionaires, the amount of people he's made thousandaires. Like the amount of people that he's, it's just unbelievable. So I think when you feel that And you feel that from someone in a position that does not need to do that, and when most people don't, there's a lot of gratitude. Right. There's just a lot of gratitude towards him. I think I had Kat on and Kat We know Pulled a curtain back. Yeah. I don't think people knew that comedians were at each other like this as much as they were. Hmm. And I think Kat pulled a scab back, pulled a curtain back. Yeah. And did You know, are you on?


Do you, I mean I think it's really competitive. Really? Everybody says that. Yeah. I think it's like, to me, I think it's really competitive and like we just don't really share our business publicly a lot. And I think Kat kind of shared it, right. But I think there's a lot of competition and I think sometimes there's like a scarcity mindset where it's like, oh, because he's doing this, I'm not, which is not the case. Correct. There's a lot of nights out. People gotta go to shows. Right. Nobody's taking food off your plate. Like, but sometimes when you don't have something, you're looking for an Explanation, a reason why As to why. But in it's just like when I see guys arguing over like who could cover who on a podcast? Yeah. Like you're gonna be competitive.


Right. And then the people who are super successful, when you reach a certain level of success, people are looking for reasons why you shouldn't be that way. Like I'm sure you experienced it. Yeah. When this show was like a fledgling show. Yeah. You remind everybody of their dreams. Once you do 80 million views And you millions of this and millions of dollars, you got your own cognac. Now you remind people of what they have not accomplished. Right. So now they start going like, oh, but he just does this. Right. And he just does that. Oh, he sold out the Hollywood. Oh, he a part of the Illuminati. So, Which is like the greatest compliment you can give. I mean, like once people start saying you're Illuminati. Yeah. You made it.


That's, listen, making it as a black dude in America is either you're gay or you're part of the Illuminati. Yes. That's how you make if you don't have a gay rumor. Right. And you don't have Illuminati you haven't made it yet. But Here's the thing. Yeah. Is that what you guys say in y'all community when a white guy makes it? No, we say Epstein's Island, we're like he was on the flight logs. No, but I think what happens is there is this like competition and then sometimes now that there are these platforms, it kind of gets out. Right. And it just comes from, You know, people, people wanting a little bit more. But here's the thing though. Yeah. Schultz is that 80% of the money that's in circulation was printed since 2020.


So there's a lot more money out right now. So if they run out there, print more. Yeah. I'm not taking, see, you can't get mad at results. You didn't get for work. You didn't put in, You're, you're speaking logically, but people react off emotion man. And I think sometimes emotionally they're just trying to find a reason why they aren't where you are. Yeah. I'm not where he is because I didn't, You're not working hard because you criticize me. Say all you do is work. You ain't got no life. I see. Not why you're not married. Isn't that funny? Isn't that funny? So it's like, you work, you work too hard and that's why you're not married. Right. If you were married, they'd be like, yeah, but you don't really care about your family because you're always working like Correct.


There's always gonna find a way to tear you down. But again, it has nothing to do with you. Right. It's just now you're at a level where it's, You know, you, you remind people of what they haven't achieved. Right. And that's, but also, here's the thing, when we get to those levels, we can't really about it. That's the cost of success. A lot of people get to those levels and they complain about all the hate and that kind of shit. It's like, nah, you gotta pay the piper. If you wanna sit across from a dude and drink cognac and make millions of dollars and wear a yoga outfit, you have to deal with some people on you online. But I didn't know, but I know it's surprising. Yes. It's more surprising. 'cause you're like, I'm a good person.


I help people. I go through the same thing. Yeah. I'm like, I'm, I'm good to all my people. Everybody around me is eating like I'm a generous person. Right. Like, I want other people to win. But has, that has nothing to do with it. You've reached a level where your success is gonna make certain people feel away and they're gonna wanna chip away. That's a human instinct. It's in us and we gotta take it. You're right. We can't cry about it. It, this is the cost of success, But why did my success make you feel in what makes you feel bad about yourself? That's, That's human instinct. Unfortunately. It's human instinct. It's just who we are. The only people that we're not upset, we're not like mad about their success. Also, the easier, the thing that you do to be successful is the more resentment people have.


So like comedy is scary for people. So like a lot of times, like if people are upset at my, they're not really upset at my like standup success, but podcasting looks like the easiest in The world. Yeah. Like anybody could hang out with their friend and call each other gay for two hours. Right. That's podcast. Right. So it's like, not saying we've done that, we would never do such a thing anyway. But like, so the easier the thing is, and the more money you make in it, the more resentful it is because you're like, I could also do that. But here's the reality is there are intangibles here that are really difficult. Correct. You setting up the systems, you finding a guy like cj, you building all this shit. You finding a new venue every single time, structuring it, scheduling, like these things are tricky, right.


But us complaining about how hard it is doesn't help our cause either. This is the cause of doing business and we gotta be grateful for sure. Because every person you admire probably got haters. They called Tom Brady a system quarterback. Yeah. That's how You know. Did you call him that? No. Okay. But that's how you it was The system. Yeah, exactly. But that's how, You know, it's like there's always gonna be something to be said, and that is just the cost of success. There's very few people who are like, unanimously beloved, no. And successful. Right? Like, I don't even know any who, Michael Jordan. You don't think that we were hating on Mike. I'm a Knicks fan. Oh yeah. You was hating on, on Mike like crazy. You, you had any reason to hate him. But see, you was hating because, and that's, that's what I tell people.


Yeah. When I played for the Broncos or the Ravens, I understood the Steelers was gonna like dislike me. Yeah. I understood Kansas City at certain teams. Oh Yes, yes. There was a justification. Yes. And this, I get it. It feels, you feel like it's, it's there's like an unfairness. Yes. That like this isn't based in reality. If you wanted to criticize you for a reason that you might agree with, then you'd be like, okay, I can do better at that. Right. But it feels like it's just hate to hate and unfortunately that's part of the cost of success, Man. I'm learning. I'm learning, bro. I Mean, you gonna get used to it. You got a lot of success. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted And you can access it to whichever PLA podcast platform you just listened to part one on.


Just simply go back to Club Sheha profile and I'll see you there.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for store wide deals and earn four times a points. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible snacks like Lay's chips, garden veggie straws, planters nuts, or sweet treats from M and MSS and Oreo plus many more. Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards to save even more restrictions, apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic because we came to play Bring the Magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first, like You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check All State first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with All State savings vary subject to terms, conditions, and availability. All State, fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, north Brook, Illinois.