
Get ready for mission to possible. The final reckoning, Tom Cruise strikes once again performing his own jawdropping, his stunts from scaling some of the most complex and dangerous sequences, cruise's, dedication to thrilling action. Unmatched with breathtaking locations like the Arctic, South Africa and the uk. This finale promises unforgettable moments, themes of loyalty, friendship, and sacrifice. Bring Ethan Hu's journey full circle. The cast is stellar, featuring Haley Atwell, Simon Peg, Ben Rains, Angela Bassett and more experience. Epic. Edge of your seat cinema. See mission I possible the final reckoning in theaters May 23rd.


Okay, have you heard about this last year? Degree Change the formula lift for their cool rush. Deodorant. The fans rebelled in one of the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round. Peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


The Volume.


You Yo, what's going on? It's Club five 20 man, we just here to talk about some real stuff and listen, everything is going up. Everything is more expensive, you name it. Water, eggs, milk. It's a lot of stuff going on. The last thing you want is credit card debt. And listen, there is a better way for you man, especially to build your credit. All you gotta do is tap in with chimes credit builder card. It's a secure credit card. No credit check and a minimum deposit required. But listen, it'll get you start on your financial freedom. A it is really easy to start building credit with your everyday purchases. You can make regular on time payments. It is no annual fees, interest or credit checks. I mean Chime is the way to go. chime.com With a better credit score. It gives you an opportunity to take family vacations, unexpected bills that you can take care of. You know, just make life a lot easier for you. A good score makes a big difference. All these things can help you lower interest rates in your home and your car. A good score makes a big difference Using your chime map. You have access to 50,000 fee free ATMs across the world To your everyday purchases and on time. Payments is the steps towards your financial goals. And Chime, secure Credit builder Visa credit card. Get started today@chime.com. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card is issued by the Bank Corp Bank NA or Strive Bank. Na SpotMe eligibility requires an overdraft limits apply Chime checking account required to apply out of network ATM withdrawal and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Timing depends or submission of Fame.


All right man. We back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wills. We got a special, special guest in the building. You know, gonna introduce my man's last but to my far left we got my dog Bishop be here out the prayer. He how you what? Nasty. What's happening N Let's get to it baby. Rob, I see you got the all whites on. Have you ever seen the, the all black joints with the white Lexus before? I seen them just Now for the first time. I dunno who put that together. My man's right here. That's his vibe. You true though. That's your shit. All them. Yeah. What made you do that? Man, This some shit I was doing back when I was in seventh grade. I used to hoop Hoop and my Black laces got fucked up at the tip. So I just put some white laces in them. Man, we been rolling ever since.


They be busting your ass about that. Huh? At first for real. But nigga Doing shit, they caught on. Yeah they start come different one like man I got the different one. They like all right. Yeah, what he do? And they left me alone. Nah. Sure, sure for Sure. Now normally when you got on black forces people leave you alone. But the white laces, they trying with the vibe. Yeah, white laces. They like fuck you all This nigga. What this nigga, what'd you say? He'll rob You kindly. Well lightly. You know what I'm saying? He drop out the paint For sure This nigga just need it. Right. He rob Ain't Personal, ain't personal brother. Nah For sure. Ain't really even that gangster.


He got a gun. Yeah A temp job. Crazy. He got a, He got a throne to them joints. Damn. Every time you catch a body you get a new pair. That's how it goes. What you about 11? 10. 10. I don't worry. I get you a pair Bro. Swear to God. Swear to God with My laces and I got my own laces with the shoe. I'm fucking with that. Nah, I got you. I See you in crying. You just Gotta just performing them bro. One of low key shows Be like man this nigga really funny. This nigga really bullshit. I swear to God. I promise I'm gonna get you info on WTHELLY slide I'm gonna show you. We gots happening with the wrestling community and Jacob Fox who? Where I at a wrestling match. They was going crazy. Got him out on WWE with the joint song.


Yeah, It's hard. It's couple people wore. It's hard. And it's funny because they probably thinking the same thing. I watch out where the bitches, they gonna be like man a nigga trim. But sure they tapped in to my right. Still my dog. Young Nacho, young T how you what? Chilling bro. I heard you can hoop. So I'm excited about the conversation we about to have. Yeah, I can't wait. I can't wait man. But I'm let you do the honors dj. Come on. You know what time it is man. One of the hottest in the game right now man. Straight from the, no it ain't just a reprimand. Got a lot of es going on. We gonna talk about what you did before Rap man. Mr. What the hell He in the building. Rock four nine. Big do appreciate you sliding on This brother. On baby yo. I appreciate y'all for having me. Come on man. My boy was in the bridge with it tonight, You know what I'm saying? Hey Pacers. Y'all need to make sure he at every home game in the playoffs.


'cause we got the dub tonight. My boy pulled up Courtside with it. Good. Look. Shoot, come on man. Why what you, what made you pull up to the Bucks game though? Like, Because I had say Hall Burton in the the what? The Heller song. I say what the hell is Bird? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. He just been listening to it every day. So he like man you gotta come and get so, nah that's hard. He had the whole rollout. Come on. That's hard bro. Shout to Tyrese for looking out. Nah that that is, that is dope though. I ain't gonna lie. Swag. We only got one Pacer fan here and it is fucked up 'cause I played for the Pacers before at that. Crazy. But Play your hometown crazy. I did though. That was and it was the best year of my life. It's probably the best Year. It was the best year because you were going out, you can go see your family. It was, it was cool as hell.


I, I wish I would've stayed the rest of my time but the money came calling so I went for the money. Fake, fake. Thanks. Yeah, But I was gonna ask you, so we had a couple people on here that rap, we had Skiller baby on here. I know that's your partner. Yeah. Yeah. And he talked about basketball with and he told me he was the best. He cool. I seen Him play. Y'all play one-on-one. Who winning it? I'm winning for sure. For sure. You got Skill One on one. I mean 'cause Skiller told us, he was like bro can't nobody fuck with me bro. I don't. I'm way nicer than any nigga that can hold. He is like only nigga that come close to him was like NBA niggas. Yeah That nigga. I think he might have shout it out Chris. He might have shout It out. Chris. Oh Yeah, he said Chris Brown was, yeah He said Chris, that's how he pulled to feel Skills.


But youre, hell I got him 15 probably six. Oh 15 six. Oh light work. That's a heavy score. Okay. Six is crazy. I can't wait till we clip that up. 15 Six. I got you brother Fry. Stop it man. We put the money behind it. Whatever we gonna do. Nobody missing four, two Doug. Man Drew. What's up man? We need the type man. Everybody Man boy I got a boy. Listen I got footage of 42. Doug going outside with me man Doug, You know. Okay Bitch You know Doug. We had Doug on here too. Man. Man, ask Doug about me man. Doug seen me play man.


I'm the one took Doug off the court man. This man course. Okay, so what's your game like man? Who you by your game after? I dunno brother. Before I had one up time ICI used to be like a guard type play. But now I just be chilling because I don't fuck my shit up. You feel me? Understand. So I probably go in on some slow shit. I probably shoot some threes and like dribble a little around there some A and shit. But other than that I be chilling. I'm gonna get the win. Okay, so you probably like, you like James Horton? Nah, not James. James. Now I'm saying James be chilling Down to like yo.


Oh I used to, I used to be like James but now like the ACL L tender a L listen. And I wound up telling my other one too on the dirt bike. So I'm my below the waist. So you got knees on? WTHELLY gonna get the dub Though. You got knees like me. Exactly. The dub though. Respect all matter. I ain't Think you was gonna say yo but cool. Yo. I'm rolling. Rolling Yo. Cool. Right, right. He gets up. For sure. For sure man. Listen we all, You know what I'm saying, we a little bit older than you. We all grew up in like the like the prime, not play prime but like the certain to like the south. Especially like New Orleans music.


Yeah. Who influenced you early on in the city? Lanne of course. Yeah, That's one of our goats. We got a couple like, like local rappers. I know people don't know but like, like flame game flow. Nino, Calvin, I was on them heavy like C four trail, BM, g pound. That's probably it. Like for real. Okay. I don't, I dunno, I nothing man. Like nigga from the Orleans who I actually like I used to listen to besides them. What made you pick up a mic? Just going through a lot of shit, You know what I'm saying? Like my whole life I had, I really was in a dark place at the time.


I was in inside on house. Right. And shit can't go outside. My partner, I had to be inside at like nine at night and my partner used to begin a studio so he would pull up, come get me, we'll go to the studio till I gotta go back inside and shit. Till one day he would make a song and man this shit trash. He like man you make something. And I'm the one like I'm the one really from the project. I'm the one like, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm the, I'm the real one in in, in my friend group that's like the real trench one. So I wind up saying the real like, and it was my life for real. And he like, man this shit sound crazy. And everybody come back like nigga hard. And so we, they just kept going from there. All us kept going. What year was that? That was in 2020.


Oh damn. Damn That shit happened fast. Nah, that shit happened fast. I made, I made a song called Boston Island in 2021. Nah, that's that shit, You feel me? That was 20, that was one year after I, I started rapping. You started rapping during Covid? Yeah, during Covid. Damn. So what's that like then? Like if you, you said you start rapping in Covid one year. That one year you really just showing your friend up. Really like nigga you trash nigga I can rap for real and I ain't even trying. And then yeah to get on a record virtual island and then have virtual virtual island too. And you, I'm looking on YouTube the other day. You got 50 million views. Nah fact though. Like what's that like in one year that had that kind of momentum? Man I don't know.


But I always knew I was gonna like make it doing something like that's all I knew, You know what I'm saying? And I wanted to try to do everything. It was never, this was never my end all be all like mm, this was some shit. I was just trying right quick. Nothing like you would get your CDL right quick. Do it for three months now you won't go work at Subway. Like, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. That's what this rap shit was for me. Like if it ain't work out quick, I was gonna just move on to the next shit. So I don't wanna move around too much but like, You know what I'm saying, obviously doing the due diligence stuff I saw, You know what I'm saying? Like you well vested, like you got a lot of different things you worked in, You know what I'm saying? Like you said into that industry also some other stuff off all the rap. What's some of the things you are interested in and stuff you'd like to invest in? I've been buying houses. Okay.


I've been working on my clothing brand. We're supposed to be doing like a event for fashion week and stuff like that. I seen you, I seen you with that. Tommy Hilfiger you. Yeah. Yeah I got some artists. I got some producers. I got a cologne that I've been working on. I definitely pee that. What's the name of the cologne man? Some metal. Okay. What else I got? You gonna send us something? I just bought a, I just bought a hookah lounge. Yeah. Hell yeah. We got it right up here In oh say let bet that's what we doing Say shot to mom. We got, we got one of the best hook in New Orleans right now. It's called the next. Like okay, I'm not just saying this to say this, I'll show you. It's rid of that. So, and I own a hundred percent.


It's not, I ain't got partner nothing like Yeah. Going all the way in. So I ain't gonna lie, I've been doing a lot of this stuff that like, it's really like, it is really like risk for real. You know what I'm saying? But everything is a risk. Everything is like, it could be an epic fail or a epic succession. Like yeah You only gonna fight up if you take The risk. You feel not Chances make champions baby. For Sure. And that's what I've been on. For real. Alright man. Diversify the bonds. Ain't nothing wrong with it. Be here man. You said before the rap career man we, we learned some extra of facts man. You know what I'm saying? You was in school? Yeah. What? Yeah, I went to school. Nursing school. Yeah. Nah, see y'all gotta stop that. I'm About to say I seen no movie. I can't Think you went to college. Who went to college?


I went to college. College. Y'all. Y'all know what the pre-req is? Yeah, I was still doing my pre-reqs. So when people say nursing school, I'd be like, come on man. Like don't gimme that much credit. Like Yeah. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? My pre-req career real. But I had, I really went to the army first. I went to the army. I went to the army straight out college, straight outta high school to get to go to college. I, my mama wasn't gonna pay for nothing. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I ain't gonna be in with FAFSA or nothing like that. So I'm like man, fuck, I'll go do this, whatever. So I wound up doing that. I went to school and I actually started rapping like, like the, like I used to be making songs in my dorm like right before Covid.


And they kicked us out the dorm and that's when I actually started rapping and I then we gotta go back and I just dropped out. I was like, fuck it rap. Start working to live. So You was at Southerner right? Yeah, I was at Southerner. How was That vibe on campus? I love southern man. Yeah. I had wound up, I ain't had nowhere to stay at so I was, I was really sleeping on my, in my, in my dorm flow. 'cause I wound up losing my apartment and shit like that. And he out there, I was sleeping in, they in in, they in they dorm like You know in the dorm on WTHELLY got the common area outside everybody, the room. This the area dirt as a motherfucker. Everybody. I was just sleeping in that every night I would get a cover or something, go put my shit on.


That's crazy. That, that, that happened like that for me. Well You know, it's dope though. They still with you. Sure. And that before that, so You know that that's, that's that's family. Nah for sure. There ain't no new niggas they been around. Nah, they my niggas for sure. Nah. Damn. Like to think like that. I, 'cause I remember I went to college and I, I had the moments. I ain't sleep where you at? The common area. I had a dorm. But to see those moments and then to see where you at now you go on stage and it's, if You, if you imagine that Yeah, like, like you can imagine it 'cause You know where the common area is. Yeah. In the, in the dorm room. Like in and to be this is like man hell Nah. Nah. That's what I saying. Like, like if you would, if I would've seen you and I walked by, I'm like what this nigga doing? And then a couple years later I'm like probably at your concert.


Like I wouldn't be believing that's the nigga that was sleeping on the dorm. Yeah. That's crazy. And that's exactly how life went. Yeah. When was that time that you like, felt like you finally made it though? I don't, I never did. I never, I still don't. Right now we got so much more to go. There's 2% of a hundred. Yeah. Yeah. Real tough. You know it's funny when they asked me like, man you wanna do, I'm like, nah. Like they want me there. Like I don't wanna go there. Like really don't want me though. Like Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? We try. So you probably won't remember you did a concert here and you came That's when I, that's when I was like, we was like fan. We was like, and we fuck with that nigga you came like you was late. Oh Yeah. Yo like remember the fair And you still came.


It was like people was leaving. You was like, fuck it, I'm late, I'm still, and They ran back in when They heard your Voice. We was there. Was there bro. We was standing right there. We like you was actually, obviously you was rushing. So we was like man we gonna get this nigga attention. We fuck with his music, we gonna holler at him. But you came on stage. We stayed there. They was like, he on his way, he coming, he pulling up. We like shit, we ain't gonna leave. We gonna wait till bro get on stage. We gonna, we gotta see what pro talking about. We fuck with it. Yeah. It was a crazy day because that's the first day we linked with skill too. Yeah. So we was like, oh yeah we gonna get all like that's crazy. Yeah. That concert knew was the one though because like this is a tough city bro. Yeah. And they get shitty when the artists don't pull up. Yeah. So when they found out they like dead. We done waited on Rob but soon as you came out doing your shit, they was running sprinting back.


Yeah. Damn to get that. And I was like damn. He a real one was still pulling up, bro was still Pulling up. Nah, straight up. Was there That day. I I wish I would've been there y'all for me. 'cause I was so scared to come here. Like, because I be wanting to feel wanted in places I go, Nah, I love Bro Man I just, I don't, I wanna go around. People fuck with me Fred. They like hell yeah they fuck. I'm like let's do it then we do it tonight. Nah. Yeah because really was debating on doing it tonight. I'm like man I'm just go back to my hotel because I be, I dunno, I be thinking nigga don't really fuck with a nigga like that but Shit. Nah bro. Nigga my wife fuck with you. I tell we about to dude. She like, what the hell? I said, chill out bro. Ain't chill out baby.


Don't do too much now. You know what I'm saying? That's what I'm saying bro. I'm, I'm at the game. You know what I'm saying? They had your court side. I seen the energy. I'm like hey, we don't be too familiar with with people outside the city. So for the, for the paces to show love for the Chill. Come on man. I ain't gonna lie. I wasn't expecting that brother. That was crazy to me. Yeah,


From the play games all the way to the finals, now is the time to back your favorite players in teams as they chase score. Ready to place your first bet. Download Draftking Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets. Easily make it a playoff run. To remember a DraftKings download a draft King Sportsbook app and use promo code Club five 20. That's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See d kng dot coast slash audio.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one miss enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free with Dutch. You'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


Like, because it wasn't just, it ain't just looking like that on social media. It was like that in the arena. Everybody like, oh shit. I'm like, yeah bro, y'all know me motherfucker. You know when you do the let's go. Yeah, it was in there. The whole stadium saying what the hell Is Yeah, that's hard. I'm like, what the hell? Hell, that Was crazy to me bro. Yeah, that's hard. Yeah You see the pic right there? I got my boy to cut some Jersey, man I'm mad as hell because I, I told him take my picture again. Go all the way down. Go the way down. Cookout. Go zoom in. Zoom into my feet. Your feet Zoom into my feet gang. Anytime Mike before me.


You see what I'm saying? You know how French fry This nigga hit me. You know, trying to get that, that that cookout play. Make sure it don't tell what? Oh I'm saying that whole time I had to put my phone in my mama. I'm like Ma, hold my phone. I look like a, I look like a shitter. Hell I Wanna speak about that too. 'cause most people like when they get on, I'm a mama's boy. Like to the to the core.


My mama do a lot of stuff for me. Yeah. And like to see you with your family would beat your mom on the road. Like we seen her on WTHELLY was at that concert. We seen her, your mom was there. She like moving people out, getting it going. Like what's that like? Because me, I ain't gonna lie, if I took my mama on the road when I played in the league, I been fucked, scared. I don't, I real shit. So. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? She don't understand that. I just tell her because it really happened. My mistake because I ain't, I ain't had no manager And then like, and I was coming up big and, and she, she just was in place like that to take booking or whatever, whatever like that hotel say got like, it got far away. You hear it got far away.


Nigga Doing gang signs To where she like, she she my this, she my manager. I was like fuck it. But I'm telling her now like somebody else gotta get because this shit outta hand Like I'm too much. But I been, I've been like this but it is like nah I'm trying to get outta hand like you can't be coming like because I'm on bullshit. But she don't understand that. Yeah but she, I know she gotta understand bullshit is is happening. You just gotta Make sure whoever You know you choose to, You know. Not really. I'm not saying take Over. I know you gotta Trust them. You gotta make sure they in line with mama Though man. I swear to God She been through it with you so you gotta make sure bro, the A one with your mama a hundred percent.


Shout to Mama Dukes. Ain't nobody gonna have your back like your mama. That's bad. Back Like your mama. The scariest part to even start like that. Yeah Because you started like that. You started like a hundred percent. Whoever this, this, this from behind me so you can't come smalls A mama gotta interview everybody Rob. You feel me Out the gate. That's how my, that's how my, that's how my shit works. Even my pop, my pop like let that boy go be a man. My mama real A man The street Man. Yeah to this day Jeff. Jeff to this day talk about this shit. So this shit ain't gonna never stop. You might as well get out the way early.


Yeah ma go home, call the motherfucker, come on this road with us. I gonna fuck what happened on this road. For real man. I love that. That's my life. Okay. What happened on this road? As long as you home? Yeah, for real Man. Alright. We having some fun man. Be here. I think it's time to turn it up a little bit. What we got Barbie. Yo Need them drinks baby girl. Oh yeah, for sure. Barbie, what's Going on? Yes, Sirki. That's a grown man drink. Oh you ain't make me nothing? Nah, that's his. That's his. Yeah. Gimme one. Gimme mother. Motherfuckers fucking that big got want ice. This a real like Italian mafia.


Drink a Hell Burton. Yeah. Ooh, this bitch good as a motherfucker. Shout out to Barbie whipping up Man. You gotta give my nigga a drink man. Hey man, enjoy it first. Yes. First You know how I go. Facts, facts, facts. Hell yeah. What this called? The Holly Burton? That's the Holly Burden. Swear to God. Hell yeah We doing she makes, so that's our bartender. She make a drink every episode. We do. Yeah. And she name it. So yeah she named it after you. That Burton good boy I guess. 'cause they won tonight. Jesus. I had, I didn't have the Bucks tonight though. I had, I had the Pacers. You did? I did Had the pace. I had the Pace tonight. You from Indiana right? I'm And you go against the Pace Paid for. Played for him too.


I played for the Bucks too. So I'm a little torn. I play for the Pacers, I play for the Bucks. That's Hometown. He Gotta ring with the Bucks though. I won a championship with the gonna lie for so, You know what I mean? It hit a little different. I ain't gonna lie. Family. Yeah, you play for both of your teams. That's that's your real life. Yeah. Yeah it yeah that's Definitely his real Life. That's your real life. And I got, I'm you un I got more friends on the Bucks like BP Bobby Porter. That's my dog. Crazy. Y'all guy. Dang. He friends Friend of the Pie family. So like family. Just like family over there. Yeah. We ain't really interviewing no Pacers yet. Yeah, you a Pelicans fan. Right. But James my dog. I gonna say James your game. James my guy. So it, I'm just a little tall. Shout to JJ holding it down.


PEs can go over 82. I don't care. I'm there every game. Yeah, y'all the greatest. If they Trey Zion, you'd be pissed brother. You gotta understand I'm a Pelicans fan. Yeah, yeah. I'm not a fan. Well I ain't gonna lie. I'm a Jose Alvarado fan, Murphy fan, Tre alumni game. But overall brother, I'm a Pelicans fan and I don't care who's playing for them. We can go over for 82 and I'm gonna I love that bro. Because you and DJ one the same. The Paceon go oh eight two and he gonna be like we gotta get better next year. Year it get wicked sometimes. You know it get real wicked.


Shout to Tyree man. He been holding down. That's game for re Tyree holding it. Damn. You feel me? Yeah but we done had some dark days. It is been ugly. Are you a Saints fan? Brother Saints would go o for whatever, how many games they play. I'm a real doc. I used to be outside my Sinks games, selling waters when I was 10 years old I used to go get the whole pack of water and go and my grandma gumbo pot put the ice on my refrigerator in that motherfucker, throw it in there and go walk to the stadium and sell and sell water. Alright nigga, how much was you charging? A dollar. Oh you wasn't even taxing. Nah, you Atlanta they taxing right them $8 of water. Damn. That was a fucking water boy.


Before Water Boys about Atlanta. Water Was taxing. I was, I was in Atlanta not too long ago. They charged three 50. I Said see them nigga so fucked up. They want you to give 'em 20. They said gimme two for 20 bro Said brother, come on with one water in their hand. He said, you the Benz bro. What's up? What's up Beat and I crazy Dollar bro give, gimme all 20. Oh God. I tell You something. Look. So we was, I was far, I was like two miles away from my crib. I only had like 12 waters on me and the college was on the end of the year trip and they tried to buy the water.


My whole case. They said we got, we need 24, we need 30 waters. Man we ran, ran all the way home two miles. Go get them waters for them with $24. Yeah I was, Y'all have to get Out, you gotta get that out. My Uncle, my uncle had just got out jail. He, he had was done like 10 years. He came home like, y'all selling water. Oh we gonna get y'all pack of water, we gonna get y'all pack. So he Had bought us so many packs of waters. So we just had to business stock. Dang. Ran and got him Get hustle ain't just take that eight I had on me. I ain't Miles bro. When you guys split that shit three wig. Yeah get 20 On me.


I I I respect everybody gotta eat. If we go back to the grid, Man, everybody nigga. And you gonna selfish niggas what you That's me. I I I'm selfish Niggas it been like look them my waters nigga. Selfish nigga that's gonna have to Fight Behind this Money. Go get that fucking Water. Like you said you had, you had granny gumbo pot. Hey listen I got the treasure chest, You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna eat a little bit more to cut. I got the facilities that pot Deep too so I know them waters was ice cold. It Was cold. Heavy Fucking power was so heavy bro. Thank you. Thank you. That's what I'm Saying. Y'all was walking mother Bro. Oh my god. Now Did granny know you took the gumbo pot? 'cause I know black women don't play about them kitchen in the, You know what I'm saying? You gotta, you gotta have that on Standby.


Did grandma, grandma passed yet? On WTHELLY were sitting the water, she was still alive. She 10, she stayed with us. Oh Okay. Oh yeah y'all was locked in. Shout to. We still Got that pot. We still got that pot. Huh. And it's probably some heat coming outta that pot. That pot where? Where you go? Yeah. I still got that pot nigga. And important thing about is in the black community, everybody got their pots been out. Everybody beat up that pot. All the dents at the bottom shit on Cook. Right. On my mama bro. But You know if it's something in there, it is fucking fire. You ain't got question man. Man what These cabbage in that bitch egg Nogging That bitch, that bitch is a univers Fixing eggnog. My eggnog.


That's real shit. That real my mama bro. Fats Listen I say my nigga a chef right? Yeah Chef. Yeah. Yeah But he can't cook. What The fuck this, This? No lemme stop. He always be doing that shit today. Where you want go? No, no, no. Mike take it off. I cook better than you. Who or mine? I'll come, You know I was inside 13 years old making my own sauces. I ain't gonna lie. He fired Up a real fried chicken. Like no and I Think you from New Orleans, you from the south. I fuck with that. But we can have a Cookoff. Nah he can really cook. I ain't lie.


I believe you. I believe you. We can have a legit, nah we can Do that nigga. Throw down though. I ain't gonna hit no one. Never trust a skinny show a skinny fashion for real. Nigga stood got Told my watch you all day. Yeah Look at him. Show Bro.


We appreciate y'all boys For Sure got the gang for sure. Nah Like a badass. We need to be inside. I'm up with that like y'all y'all cool people. Y'all vibe but speaking about the food man to me D Orleans is my favorite city. On earth is the best place. Don't be making up lives because I'm here. I swear to God son my favorite city Without you. I feel up there just to eat bro. Yeah we Say this My favorite city on start Right there. Yeah. To eat his favorite city. Yeah. No to Eat my son His favorite city period. No I Love no, no, no. You talking about To eat? No I love New Orleans bro. I've been to Orleans most the time just to go. I love the vibes down there. The food is lying. I love Bro.


What the hell? Swear God bro. New Orleans. What the hell? I can't really too much on here but talk about that for sure. Oh for Sure. Then you might New Orleans. That's For sure. I ain't gonna lie. I fuck with New Orleans food. It ain't my favorite city. But they food as far New Orleans got the baddest woman in the world though, believe it or not. You think so? I'm telling you because they got bad hood shit. Mm. Like the motherfuckers who keep it real like a girl in New Orleans gonna tell you. Yeah dude gave me chlamydia. I cleared that shit up like I ain't never did it again like da da And I got two children but I take care of myself. A baby daddy ain't nothing. He be breaking in my house sometimes.


Like they gonna give you the whole rundown. Right. Oh they do that here? Oh yeah. I say, I say welcome to Indianapolis Conversation everybody. I had it two weeks ago. It's gone. Here go my paperwork trying to go or not Welcome to Up with the paperwork. Crazy that that Shit. Yeah that's, I love this nigga man. I love this nigga waiting for C. Yeah we got, we got ghetto ratchet shit Here girl.


This girl Don't lemme forget what I just said. Listen I was saying Remind me Indianapolis. Yep Chicken Twitter Girl. Yeah coach Funny as hell. Oh man, that's crazy. Listen man obviously man the music talented as hell man. We are huge, huge Lil Wave fans here man. So what's it like man to get the man from your city on y'all song and it go crazy? What's that feeling like? You know it's funny man. High school in like 10th grade we had a a camera class we used to be having to interview each other.


They like what you want to be interviewed us today? I said interview me as a rapper. Like how was your his song with L Wayne? I got it in my phone. How was your hit song with L Wayne? We made a, his song me and l Wayne da da da And I couldn't believe we did it and was the video hard and da da shit like that. It shit like damn this speaking that shit into existence. Yeah I'm 16 on here, 17 on here telling a motherfucker Yeah I got his song with Wayne. I never been in the studio. Damn In my life. Like that's crazy, crazy shit. That's how that shit come to like life. That shit feel crazy to me. It's a goat to me. You know. Hell yeah Bro. That's Wayne like a lot of people yore.


They may not know bro. That's Lil Wayne Bro. Nah that's Wayne fucker be forgetting. He the reason we wearing skinny pants or now. Nah, that's a fact. This nigga got Billy video. Only had to raise skinny legs on, come on Bro. Tats on they face. You feel what I'm Saying? All that shit was Wayne. Wayne had influence like Iverson had on Athletes. Hundred percent on Ron. Sure Facts. He is the Allen Iverson of the end of the rap game. Nah. Thousand percent that nigga is him for sure. Is This somebody that you wanna work with that you ain't stepped in the studio with yet? I don't work with nobody. Who ain't work with You. Got your list is Crazy. That's why I asked. You got a long ass list man I'm blessed on some shit.


Like man we gotta make all these niggas wanna work with us. Yeah, that's okay. There you go. Yeah, you feel me? Yeah. Yeah. What's your favorite city to perform in? Well that you done forward in there so far? Or Surprising City like damn y'all fuck with me here. I don't lie. Surprising city was Cincinnati. Oh Cincinnati. That's The homies right. There's R way that's, that's Mayor West. Love Cincinnati. You draw there tonight about Cincinnati. R West R away, Dude, now I, I wasn't To go tonight. Ain't your Twitter work for real? Nah, Cincinnati. What made you say that though? Just because I didn't know they were coming like that and I had a sold out shoulder and he just was berserk.


Damn. Yeah. Nah Cincinnati And I was the only one on the show like, but the latest show I ever had probably like probably Charlotte, Charlotte, North Carolina. Shout out to Charlotte baby. Damn. Damn. Yeah that was lit. I I I got a question 'cause I know you had your sold out show Smoothie Korina My bad. That's the one I met. Yeah, that was the best one. That's the Best. Oh yeah, at the crib. Yeah. You got a sold out show and You know I, I said it, I I'm trying to figure out are you gonna have another Bocher Island moment like that? 'cause if you do we need Told you ask me that. Nah, I'm asking you 'cause I wanna Grow. I'm really fussing with these people right now.


Nah, you're telling me man. Do the show, do the do the show, you gonna do it again.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free with Dutch. You'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care. If you are


I'm just saying can we come, we pull it up. Yeah that's what, that's what I was trying to get to. We some masking ass niggas so I'm actually I just ask everywhere you On my real nerves bro. Nah, Hell I was, I wasn't gonna do it. This shit brother. Oh Shit. I Just don't got time for real man. Okay. Like I gotta hit all these people up and shit and I really ain't got time like I dunno and I don't like asking people for stuff like facts, You know? Nah, I feel that. Even I know they'll do it but if you don't I'm gonna hold that against you and I don't wanna do that to nobody. Like Yeah That's real. I'm just saying that 'cause I ain't gonna lie. We we been going everywhere and I was like yeah we going there Brother. If you come brother, that shit is amazing.


And then I have it, I have it feeling good like this. Yeah, well because you not about to come back. Run Back man, run it back. We ain't sure man. We gonna be there. We pulling up. Yo listen, just make sure we got some seeds too. We gonna fly over nigga. I don't Work security. Need some Help nigga. You ain't gonna have a fucking seats nigga ain't gonna be with me. Oh that's even better. Hey you Me about to come there and think like, oh yeah Rob invited us but we ain't see Rob no nigga. I'm in your face nigga. What's up? What? You know We gonna sit down like this so that, so we just got the, we gonna run it back. But I'm try to, I'm gonna try to do it. I'm gonna try See that's all I need to hear. So we good. Hey we locked in. If I, if I Don't anything about tomorrow I ain't gonna do it.


That's, that's gonna be my deadline tomorrow. You hit everybody tomorrow. Whoever You know that shit out. You know That shit ain't alright. B here say he got security, he pulling up with a black force with a white license. He's all nigga I just need a shirt to say Rob Security. Oh my Momma. Security. No. Matter of fact You know we should do Give a whistle. He Gonna have a black with the White license. No, no, no, no. You know You ever seen that video when niggas pat motherfuckers down but he Wasn't touching them. We got intruder pat Nigga Like the stu came here with a strap on. She gotta get outta here, take that back to the car But but we should do this and give every artist like 10 minutes.


Oh yeah Come on. That'll be crazy. Oh yes we gonna do it man. I don't, I'm gonna see, I'm gonna see, I'm gonna see about tomorrow. Nah, now tomorrow I'll tell you yes or no. If it's a no I'm gonna say no. Okay shit. Well I just need to come to a show then. So what's your like I know you been on tour with Travis Scott, you done done amazing shit like what's next? 'cause I need to be where it's next. I need to be where her, I dunno man. Man I ain't really been taking no like shows and stuff right now because we got a lot of new music coming out that it's on the way actually that yeah on the way. So you won't come at 'em like alright y'all ain't see me in there.


Y'all ain't see me and the whole time we did what the hell Like we ain't take no clubs, we ain't take no shows. Now we come with two more now you gotta give us 200. I know people calling crazy though for that. What? All I know calling private and everything. Trying to get this shit all You know. Hell yeah. What the hell? And You know what the dope part about it is? It's organic. Like you said you ain't forcing it. Everybody fucking with it organically, they rocking with it. You ain't even gotta push it. It's on TikTok, it's on Instagram, it's at the game and it's dope. 'cause like you said it ain't no I'm trying to beat this now we just putting the heat out and y'all gotta come and fuck with me on It. That's what I'm on. Nah, that's crazy. Nah, That's Hard bro. How, how did what the hell he come about?


Like what you, what was that process like making that Song? Bullshitting? Bullshitting Studio keeps saying what the hell, what the hell this nigga tripping. What the hell? What the hell? I said You know what bring here because we were about to leave the studio like we actually walking out the door. I said Brenda I got one more like man just go see hurry up, come on. And they played it all 'em came in the boot with me. That's how much we was leaving straight out. Mm. And I just say that shit in like five minutes and I swear I got it on video. Timestamp is five minutes. Man You made that song Five minutes bro. Five minutes. I was saying anything. Yeah hell Beyonce. Yeah What, what made you, what made you think Hella, what'd you say?


Hell Burton. Hell, hell, hell, hell Bird, Hell listen. So I said what the, what the hell The only one I came up with was Helle Bryan, James, all them all them was saying Helle Bird, heli Berry, hell Burton, heli Cyrus. I was, I was just saying what they were saying. The only one I came up was hell Bryan James That is crazy bro. And that shit, that motherfucker going crazy. And I said what the hell on? I said what the hell on? And I fuck with that. I do that for Yeah what the hell y'all for sure. Yeah. Hey what's crazy is seeing people change their names Effort. Like all the songs, all the names it is people with they handles outta that shit And it's funny as hell. Hell yeah. That's people shit.


Now Did you think it was going to catch the world like that? I did. Damn. How like how do You know that though? Like that's My question. I just believe in myself. I just be believing on what we got going on. Yeah me and my friends liked it and we knew I remember playing it, I remember playing it for G Herbo four months ago, four, five months ago. Like man get on a remix because we had to remix to it. That's how much we had to remix five muscles on. WTHELLY knew it was going like, You know what I'm saying? Right. So the remix obviously isn't like gonna be more like crazy or nothing. But we had it already 'cause I knew it was gonna go. I ain't know it was gonna go this far though. Can I ask you who you think gonna be on the remix?


Justin Bieber. Damn I say less. Aldo got one big, Sean got one. Travis Scott got one? Yeah. Oh Thug got one. Ah He aw damn. Yeah it's Up. Nah this, this to the moon Bro. That's what I'm saying. Like this, like this probably be crazy. Yeah This too. The moon bros. Hell of a line. Pretty pretty. God this shit keep going for you. That's on. Alright man. Man listen Show I'm About to make a remix. Look let me fly ain't even out yet and it's already about to go platinum. Just off that, off the gate. It's up Let Fly. You know what's funny, like let me Fly already gonna be that like number one song is drop without the remixing like I got because at the same I was I it's a, it's singles before you drop a album.


Yes sir. So on that Monday what call the B? Yeah was with Lil Wayne? Yeah them on them. That's on Lemme Fly. Oh That's already it because It's a single singles to the project. What the hell Like, You know what I'm saying Like that's crazy. You Starting off as some hitters my boy. But the Screams gonna translate to straight to the album soon as it drop. Yeah They gotta come with that paper boy already them now listen they gotta come with that bag Now. You know we told you that he's a chef over here also. My man's got the bars as well. We got a song we gotta get you on a remix man. We got the kin jerk. Whatever y'all want, let's get it So on now come on let My boy hold on my boy Sonny Digital we going, You know get the song right 'cause he created, I made a song on the rack.


On Rack Beat. Right, right. Yeah this Was years ago. It was years ago. 2012. Yeah I was, I was the real what the hellie for real back in the day man. The kin jerk. It's called Ing Jerk. What that Mean? It's the bottle like e and j The brand OG though man. Bro We right here With it Been. It could been records.


I'm putting you on a remix that I gotta go and I going shout to my dog Travis. They putting it together for hell. You know I got you bro. I fuck with that bitch Gonna make, I'm telling y'all right now. Turn bitch up. So my nigga Rob said he remix Jerk Fry. You gotta, nigga you gotta go, you gotta go rep. We got, we gotta find one with the name similar to it though bro. Similar. Right Jerk like crack head outside a gas station like Yeah but see that's why we gotta go to the hood and shoot it bro.


But that's what we niggas was drinking when no one will get, when you shoot this video, he had the bottle Of his head. It was Listen you were drunk. It's no liquor in the bottle because it's done. I made it after the bottle was on press. Press. This is funniest a badge jump. Listen, listen, he, he about blow up off this video like he thinks this the video that's gonna do it Mama.


Hey man. Hey the funny, The part about this shit is the girls who Drink e and j you Probably don't want them in the, You don't want them in the video. That's what I'm saying. He's talking about is he wants you to video outside the store bro these are crack like this is, that's why I'm gonna just send it to you via and I don't want you in the video. You too big for this like this this I got a piss looker like hey shit piss. Yeah nigga fuck pull over nigga on the highway. She don't have a car. This me over man. Fucked up man. Oh man, man the Kin jerk make them girls Swe classy man.


Tap in man. I wanna ask you this question, obviously, You know what I'm saying, super talented. What's more fun for you? Making the music or performing it? Making it, making it, performing it. Performing it when they know it. Okay. Because it's just like the image is unmatched matched when you see the translation to what you, what you thought about in the studio. You know what I'm saying? So yeah, performing for real when they know it. What's that first time where you seen like everybody seen your song and you like man can you, do you remember that first time? I remember it was, it was them. A lot of people if they see this, they not even gonna think.


I I, that was the moment I felt like that. But The Saints played, the Saints played the Falcons in Atlanta and Amon James had a Emerline, James and Larry Murrow had a, had a after party and they, and they played V Island and the whole club sunk it. And I, I, I look at the video to this day and it just gimme the chills because man that show you how much your sitting behind you and that's the one, that's the one time that I seen that. Other than that I ain't never seen that after that. When you made Vora Island, did You know like Yeah this, this the one We honestly did that's the funny part. Like the whole like the whole city had the song, I had sent it to the DJs and stuff and the whole city knew it before it was ever out from just going to the club.


Mm. Damn man, I ain't gonna lie. Andrea, You know, You know her family right? I knew her for Atlanta for a long time. It's family. And she was the like I ain't know, I had never heard the song shit. I seen her singing it and she was singing it so convincing. I'm like yo, I gotta hear this. Like what is that? And she just made me like, she like, You wanna know something funny, You know that's how what the hell it went, I made it go. I made sure on WTHELLY shot the video, everybody was in unison. Make sure we all had what? The head of t-shirts make sure every scene that you seen that's rapping everybody rap it and you see it with your own mouths because it's gotta be convincing.


Yeah. It's the one. Yeah. I make sure you hear without the music. Yeah You hear like out loud like Yeah because this shit, that shit means so much more than even the song, the energy that the people around supporting you give if you start rapping today. Yeah. And, and and you, you rapping, you, you, you dead trash. Yeah. I'm be nice. I'm gonna be nice But you rapping and then everybody in this drum start rapping the same thing. You raping somebody Gonna be like, who is Yeah that shit. You what I'm Saying? Facts Hundred percent good. Did You know? Like so damn that's crazy 'cause you, it sound like you studied it. I studied everything. I studied everything I Studied. I like that. Every nigga on this planet.


I like that. I'm studying y'all right now. You don't even know five cameras set up right here. Tell don't tell what we got bro. Freaky Mike. I'll tell what we got. We got some more, but don't tell what we got Up. But You know what I'm saying? Like I study all that because I won't get in every field possible. Yeah, Yeah. So I'll be, I'll be trying to pay attention to everything. You'll be good in this space. Think so. Person Personality. Yeah. You got, you got a cool personality. Like the stigma on rappers is like they too cool. Yep. And like so like most of the guys that we talked to been great. Like Skill fo too. All them dudes been hella cool and like talking to you hella cool.


So it's like, like we was hyped to do the interview like we been here if they know like my nephew, that's my nephew over there, but I was playing the music. Right. He like, and Mike said like, you getting in the vibe like you lit. I'm like, well I fuck with this song. Like that shit. That shit was the shit I you My next shit. If you like my old shit. Okay. Yeah. My old shit is like pure lame to me. Wow. Damn. I swear to God. You think why? 'cause he done grew The start off. What the hell is the start of a new era? R nine nx low key trash to me. Like this new shit is OD Hard. Like, like like od Hard I'm And that shit on the way, It's on the way about driving like a couple weeks, like three weeks, four weeks.


Yeah. Couple out the way. I know it's gonna be a slow, a slow stroke but it's going, it's gonna be right. Okay. So I'm do that. All right. So this is me. So on some begging shit pause. But like this Nigga funny as Not. Nah, nah. So when it do drop, hey you do that first show Man brother, we can pull up. I want you there. Yeah. Long story Short. Hey, hey it's on the camera so no long story Short. Alright. Want y'all to come? Yeah. Oh we can't wait. Appreciate we gonna pull up, I was about to ask about the album release. Yeah because we gonna pull up motherfucker. Listen is Album release Miami be there. Hey listen mama we we gonna call Mama? No she I'm be there. Yeah We gonna be there. Square. Shout to Miami.


Nah, we're definitely coming. Yeah mama we gonna call you. Hey that don't change your number off. Nah, hell nah. You answer To Okay cool. We gonna be this The realest little camp you gonna meet. Sure. You know what's funny? Me and Skill supposed to do a podcast. Oh yeah, we supposed to do it. We, we wind up not having enough time. Oh mean yeah, probably busy as hell. Skiller cool as hell. Oh yeah. That's the guy y'all collab. Y'all, You know y'all do a lot of shit together. Will we ever see a Skiller a Rob tape? You know funny. I just texted about that. I, I don't know. I think right now I'd be a good time for it.


I got so much shit going on. Like if it don't happen right now, like right now, it'll probably never happen. Even though I want it to happen. Yeah. But I think right now is the best time for us to do It. Make this shit happen man. You like especially in the summertime it's gonna be on every Instagram capture to every fine woman. Come on. Yeah Because y'all be talking shit Bro. Y'all talk that shit don't they? What? Yeah Y'all talk K Shit. I ain't gonna lie. I'm popping it. This new shit. For real. I'm talking about popping. It is The whole thing done. This I got the whole shit. This is wrapped And ready. Okay. This shit it all.


Who were some of the producers you worked with on this one? This my in-house producer. Shell cast Bangs Z effect. Okay Bubba. That's probably it for real Producer. I like speaking on them too 'cause they don't really get recognized. Recognized People don't really speak, You know, I mean of course y'all are the artists but they really producers. You know we, I made him a, that's my artist. Yeah he's our producer and I made him a figure. So I always like big enough the people's names To what? Tell you what you do. What? Tell you what you do. He a photographer? Yeah. So photographer. Photographer.


I like to say photographer because it's funny that is but he is a photographer but my man take pictures of people with cupcakes on their back for Yeah. You see for sure he was the pioneer. You see like the railroad tracks where they were naked with the cupcakes on. That was his vibe. Swear to God. For real. I swear to God from Motel six to the W Juicy. Nah, ain't nobody Joseph, that's real life. No for that's really him. Don't let them headphones for you. You just learn how to put them on like serious. Oh yeah. The wild You see on Instagram. That was my boy Before we fuck nigga like straight hoop.


I changed y'all life. I changed your life. Yeah, my man Raw came here and said it. Yeah. So that's my art. She signed to a seven 20 deal. No money. He don't get No we gotta make money twice for him to touch a scent seven 20 deal. Who at the other 10? His mama. She that's a business deal. It was I seven 20. Yeah. That's why I gave her 10. It's it's the bus it for me and Duke.


Y'all play too much brother. Oh man. We don't have too much for tonight man. Let ask you where you go though. We, I know you about to get outta your but y'all shit who else is on Like you got any features you can tell us that's coming on a new album? I tell all 'em bitches. Oh Okay, okay. It's out school baby. I got watch it Be Fat on two. One of them I got on it too. Oh yeah? Oh I got Meek Mill. Who else I got on my shit? Quavo Friday. Quavo Got here. That shit was Friday. Yeah, Lotto G Herbo. Oh yeah, that's My nigga. That's our nigga. Huh? The Jill Herbo? Yeah, for sure. L Wayne Carter B Yo.


Oh yeah, Justin Biber. Oh that shit viral. What'd you say? Would you say like, I know you all the work you put in, like you said you got way more growth, you like nah it's just the start of something new. But would you say this album right here is like Yeah this the one this like everybody got their album. It just A thought of a, it's just thought of an error. Okay. A era like where he might do have it and he might have it and that's all I want you to say is he might have it. 'cause after I dropped this album, me G Herbo doing the tape. Oh Shit, Damn. Driving another album and me Y TV, fat Pose to be doing the tape because I wanna stay, I wanna stay, I wanna stay What needs to be, what needs to be trained.


Like I can easily go to the big, the big artists. Like when all this come out, I'm gonna be one of the biggest artists in the world so I can, I'm gonna be able to easily go that way but I just won't stay with well with who been fucking with me since day one. Like that real, You know what I'm saying? So that's what I'm on for, for real. Solidify. Hold on. You on Herb doing a tape bro. I ain't gonna lie. I'm, I'm looking forward to that energy for sure. That for a song on rap. I, I'm writing like I'm writing that tape. I'm not playing with him because he is one. He is wondering for sure. Oh yeah, you got it right with him? Yeah. You I'm and he freestyle. Yes, But Herb be talking once he get in that mode. But is it gonna be on Beat? It don't even matter The One.


Yeah. Don't we be fucking with him. That's my, I ain't, that's my nephew nigga right there Ib it still, herb is the, probably like the Wayne of this generation really. Right. Nobody can fuck with him. Damn. Any nigga who rap that come here talk. Look we gonna stop right here. Any nigga that rap coming here asking about Herb, they done seen it with they own eyes. He, he Love Herb. He's no Herb Too, no recycled lyrics. It's off the dome. Like that's a fact. Well this niggas the one gang. I tell him that I be feeling like I'm glazing in the studio because I'm telling them all day. I said brother, I'm just my bad brother. I'm gonna let you record. Like I ain't gonna keep telling you the greatest all the time. That's crazy to hear that from somebody who makes fire ass Music and they you in y'all generation, I I'm not mad at that tape But I I I always looked at like Lil Baby like that nigga nice like, You know what I'm saying?


You Think, you Think, you think wham over baby. I mean wham over her For me. Yeah, yeah. I ain't Lie, I don't lie. That nigga, that nigga wham be rapping his ass off. Yeah I Ain't gonna lie. That nigga nice, That nigga wa be rapping his ass off. He played me some shit that him and Pluto got. That shit is ridiculous. You know I ain't gonna lie. He nice. Yeah That's my Goat but I'm not taking wham over Pluto. Oh yeah he Pluto his goat. I'm not taking, I'm not taking Pluto over her. Like I know You, You fuck with I'm a herb and that's my fear raping. Oh I'm not taking him over Herb. Like He, he that nice Herb, Her freestyles are legendary. Nah, he got the one with the Dipset beat like go Fossil land.


Nah, nah, I I fuck with Herb but that shit, But I was more of a Keef, I was more of Keith than her. I love her. Y'all friend as fuck her. Y'all got, I got. Nah I like her but Keith Ain gonna lie. I like Herbo. I'm gonna show you in your face. If, if all I doing V Island weekend, y'all coming out there for real. I'm gonna have a studio set up in there so y'all can see this nigga. Yeah, I I love her. Nah, I, I listen when you do virtual island for Vote Island for real because I'm so scared I won't Go for real. Look I'm telling you I bro Yout worry about like we gonna get the flight, we gonna get our rooms all we gotta Do got y'all man You ain't gotta do that just on WTHELLY Gonna call on WTHELLY call you just be up where you at Team because we was at Dreamville and shout out to our plug But we was trying to go up to the, supposed to be the biggest supposed to be.


They They left us. So on WTHELLY I with you always you show love Shit Yo five 20 nigga black white shooter. That nigga got wear to shoot shot. That's why they ain't let us in. They seen the black forces say nah y'all gonna be down here. I nice or mean you gonna stay out here. I got you. Yeah man For sure We gonna hold you to that though.


It's on Tap now. Come on For sure. New tape on the way man. Can't wait till it drops man. What the hell? He going crazy stream man. Man Rob fo now we appreciate you sliding big dog. Whoa Appreciate You. Come On man on way for the project. You know what it is. Club 5 22 next time tap in The Volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


Time Is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year round Peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.