
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price Plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor, state Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer. Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you. From daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com


Yo. This is DJ Wells of Club five 20 podcast. We've all got a thing, an obsession for some of uss Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay, it's for clauses to Get filled with statement pieces and vintage vs. Or must have sneakers wait for you And Designer handbags are the real deal on eBay. Doors Open to stacks of the rear trading cards in a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any do-it-yourself Job. eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things people love The Volume.


Alright man, we back of the episode off. Shit. You good? Yeah, we good for sure. Episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is DJ. Well Ang gang with me to my left. I got my dog Bishop Behead out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty. Cool and nasty. Let's get to it baby. What's happening? We got upgrade on title. That's my, that's my line. That's my line. Hey. Hey man. Watch out. Hey if you gonna say it, say it correct. Cool and nasty. Let's hit too. Watch out Quin Miller. You feel me? Nah, I'm Queen Miller. I wrote this shit you can't chop out. See y'all. Nah qm my nigga though. Back in Atlanta bro. We won to PO with you bro. Yeah, you out of pocket bro. We definitely pulled up on you. You know what's crazy?


Somebody on tour was like, why y'all ain't got ISO Joe in the pod yet? He said we pulled up, he ghosted us. Yeah, yeah. I see you say that too. On there. They don't believe they thought bullshit Joe Johnson. Literally, we literally booked a whole weekend for Joe Johnson. We spent a lot of fucking money to go bro. We did. We booked the whole, we had a private venue for the The Pie. Then we changed the venue, then we changed it for him. We're him. Yeah. Famous. Yeah. And he ghosted us. We drove past the studio. No bullshit y'all. We drove. We drove past it twice. Twice. All. So, yo, yo. Still one of my favorite two guard bro. It's love. Oh yeah. He was one of my favorite teammates. Hey you know it's one, it is a picture up. They they put like OG pictures of people hooping the retros and you was in a four slide guard him in Brooklyn.


Oh, I, we, we beat, he looked with them before we beat that. Yeah he, he had the swag went song. On my momma we beat they ass every time we played when he was in Brooklyn. Damn. Talk about we played him in the playoffs for real light work. I had, I held a grudge get into jail for that though. Mm. Because when he got traded to Brooklyn he was like, y'all finally get to play with a good point guard. Like it's like damn the fuck. You know what I mean? Like oh D will Yeah. He was like one of those, one of those guys. One of them good point guards like damn he probably shouldn't say Yeah I was finally but yeah finally put that final on that motherfucker like okay I got something for y'all.


We played them nigga guy was cooking them. No what D will, right. D will used to catch all college smoke from you too. I used to give, I had good games. You used to give De Will work. Yeah, I mean I had good games and I love Dewi. One of the most underrated pgs to me. But he's the reason for the Lin sanity run. He was, he was the the starter that lineage bro. Nah, he was definitely the start of it. Got his get back. But he was, I never and I, it's crazy. I never talked to this nigga about it but he used to fuck D Will up. I had good games against D will shout to D Will though. On everything. One of the coldest. He definitely was one of the coach. Him CP had a run for a while. That was a conversation for a long time. Boys we'll never forget bro. You taught D will he Elite. What was it about him though bro?


He couldn't just, he wasn't fast enough to keep up with you. He wasn't, he wasn't fast enough but I couldn't guard him either. Yeah. He just wasn't fast enough. Mm I you used to below. Yeah nigga I had really good game. I was really confident against him. I ain't gonna lie. Mm For sure. To my right. My dog Young Nacho Young T How you up brother? I'm cool man. It's Saturday. Ain't nothing to it man. You know, I mean everything's straight for sure man. Undefeated Red Devils right now. Turn me up. Yeah, my boys gimme a heart. We don't wanna jinx him too much. Little you know how much gray hair I got now when I be coaching? I don't wear a hat show.


Oh you don't? Nah but I got so much gray hair like I was looking this morning like my shit is gray all in here. I said damn these kids stressing me out. You about to look like Obama after that first term. Yeah. I was like I was super, I always looked super youthful. Everybody would like man how old are you? 31. I was like damn I really look like I'm about to be 37. I got gray hair. I like my nigga Phil already grayed out. Yeah. I can't wait though. I'm cool. I'm ready to be salt. I think I'm about to go ahead and do the shit y'all to my nigga Dominique. Yeah he there motivate me. Yeah I think I'm about to go ahead and do the shit though. About Do what? No, what's that shit? What Beijing DJ Khaled and them be got the boxing.


Nah nah. Embrace. Embrace that old school like ride. That's Kry. Hols. Disgusting. Disgusting. Ry Hollands the light-skinned nigga. It at his picture of his hair as funny as fuck. Why he got that damn usually mixed breeds. Usually the motherfucker pit bulls, they usually have good hair. The mutts. Speaking of Mutt, be careful who the mutts are. Speaking of Mutts. Yeah I should have heard the first dog we had in Atlanta. We thought we bought a pit bull off Craiglist. Right. This is a funny ass story when it start growing this motherfucker had a bushy tail. We like what the fuck?


So we get tested. This motherfucker was a pit bull mixed with a German shepherd. Oh y'all had a mud for real boulevard mud. What you think old me, my nigga used to call it a German pit. People used to pull up to the cotton dog. Nigga looked like a German pit. They look damn that motherfucker hard. Fuck was that motherfucker was brilliant bro. His name was Ace. The dog was so smart bro. That dog was a trained assassin nigga. Jeremy. She that actually a very interesting breed. Oh it was so smart. It was a so we used to, we never used to take it on walks. Right. I had a big ass backyard. It made a track around our backyard from running laps.


Damn. Yeah. So like if you looked in our backyard it was a dirt track from him just running. And we used to be like, look at this nigga, we like look in the backyard. He'd just be flying around the backyard. We like, he getting his exercise in. He was crazy. That's crazy. We used to like have barbecues and shit so we'd barbecuing on the porch in the backyard. We didn't want him to come up there 'cause he was, he was kind of aggressive. So we used to like put all these booby traps around him. Right. And we'd put chairs out on the steps, all this shit. So he couldn't get up there. And we would go in the house. That nigga knock on the door. Woo like nigga I got up here. I ain't do a good job. Like wow. We used to be like that nigga lose like he gonna kill us bro. That's a human. That's a human bro.


This nigga's a human. It ain't real nigga knock. So a bad looking dog bro. He knocked on the door. That dog was terrible looking bro. I ain't gonna hold you. Yeah he is. Damn. Ears was fucked up just like that. Now what happened? What happened to Ace nigga? He was so smart. It was a dog park behind our house. Right. Literally he built a, he told you he made a track. He dug a hole, go under fence, go to the dog park, enjoy himself and come back. I swear to God our neighbor called us and was like, I, I'm a hundred percent sure this is your dog at the dog park. We were like, what? How you get to the dog park? So we go to the dog park. I, I think he was a human bro. We go to the dog park, we run up there, me and Terrell, he's back in the backyard. We like, nah he in the backyard.


She's like, no, your dog's back there biting tails. I swear it's your dog. Damn. So then we get one day we finally go, we leave me and Lou leave. He goes out the front gate, he like pops the front gate and he's sitting in the front yard. When we come back we like what the fuck, how he get out? So we started looking, we went in the backyard to start discovering everything he had built for himself to go to the, and then one day he went there and they was like, yo, your dog about to get picked up by the pound. Like he's back here terrorizing everybody the dog party. I should come get him. And I was in Indiana and I was like, Lou. Lou was like I ain't, Lou was scared of him. Like I ain't going get that motherfucker. I'm like you gotta go get himm. Put him in the dog pound. He was like, it's over.


I ain't mad. Yeah put h the transfers fucked up to the pound bro. We ain't go get him. Then we bought a three xl. Well Joe Johnson gave me a three XL pit bull named Gotti. He looked good so he was cool with it. Nigga was big and a bitch. That dog was fucking huge nigga. But Ace was my, that was my nigga. Y'all put Ace on the waiver wires crazy. That's he put himself on there. He shoulda came back home. He put himself on the wire. That nigga do the route. Yeah. Built this shit shoulda came home. That nigga would really go there and come back. Bro that shit was crazy. You treat the house like the BB. That's crazy nigga. One day my mama threw in my ham nigga like we had Thanksgiving At my house. He just threw a hem in the backyard. I watched this nigga devour his, he right he was so athletic.


He was like on steroids or something. He ate the hym bro. A bird flew by the nigga jumped off the porch, off the the deck and grabbed a bird out the ear. My mama was like, y'all need to get rid of that. Y'all need to get rid of that dog man something ain't right about that dog. I was like what the fuck he eating? That motherfucker seen a bird. Wow. I said oh shit. Yeah you got a different motherfucker. Yeah Fact, I got this motherfucker athlete from Craigslist out because they had, they was cooking up. They ain't even, we drove, we drove to Savannah to get that. How much was it? It was a hundred dollars. See see fucking with Terrell. See the cracks.


This puppy is nuts because 400 he outperformed Terrell dog boy Terrell, you definitely out of pocket. Oh God. He love that dog though. Terrell. How that motherfucker, Hey Terrell's a dog genius man. He had crazy. This was my first dog shout man. Man I probably the hell of a life he was ing shit bro. I hearing it. We gotta update your names man. You know what I'm saying? You went from hearing King with Lethal. Now you here the GM man Dennis Schroer. You called it early. You know I told y'all man, I he said to the Warriors. Yeah he, I'm tapped, I'm tapped in NBA analyst. This is a former NBA player but he's not as tapped as me.


I have real relationships. I said he was throughout the league like respect. But I had to, you know he's trying to get rid of Kim Johnson and Dennis Schroeder. I told y'all Dennis Schroeder will be on the lookout first for a team. So congrats to Dennis Schroer on your new team we'll have more Trey, you know what I mean? Information next week on 5 21, get the fuck out here. Thank you guys. Like shout out to my partnership, the National Basketball Association. You gotta get a bi now. Tap in. Yeah, for sure. They coming back to him. Well he ain't shit. He shitty. I ain't shitty. I don't give a fuck Why She incredible you.


I mean hell no. Can't be patient. You know, I mean you, you up next he called. I was on a group phone call with that nigga but the nigga said he be trying to take my shot. Oh man. How y'all feel about that trade on Schrader. You know what I'm saying? To the Warriors, I like it. It's cool. We talked about how De Anthony Melton played good with that team before he got hurt. And I think him being in that role is perfect for Dennis for showing that team. Yeah, I think Dennis another ball handling, he got good defender. They didn't need him though. Oh no. I wonder how they gonna play him. That's I'm interested. I mean for fuck what they got for him. I mean obviously the Anthony Miller tur offered a season.


He was in trade as well, but they gave up multiple second round picks. I mean, I mean who cares if you fuck them second round picks if I can get a capable player right now we in a, we trying to continue. Oh yeah, hell them second round. I just wanted, I'm interested to see how they play em because he's not, he, he's making threes this year shooting at a high clip actually he's actually having a really, really good year. I'm just interested to see how they play with Steph. Yeah, that's a hub integration. Yeah. Hopefully that that's a better outcome than him and cp. Yeah like I don't know. I think Dennis is a, he plays well with other guards. Like when he is in Oklahoma City he has cp, he sha Alexander, he knows that he can play, he can play pretty much in any kind of system.


That's one thing I did like about Dennis. He just a hooper. Yeah he a hooper. You get him out on the floor, he gonna hoop. So I'm interested to see how he plays with instead. Hell yeah. And like you said, on top of that he's competitive as well and that's top of time. So he gonna match their energy real good for that team as well. Yeah. And with Draymond gonna have like Draymond in his ear now. Yep. Like that's gonna be good. They about to be on bullshit together. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I see that. They'll be cool. I think they'd be cool. I just don't think they needed him but I mean that that ain't a bad pickup. Yeah they did. 'cause what's the kid's name beat? They call him BP I think or Brandon Prezinski. Yeah, I like him. But he's a, he is a bench player. Like I don't, he's not Peyton Pritchard.


Yeah. No, but he's a capable player. He is like a, a utility guy. He can do do a little bit of everything but he's not a guy. I don't think you like lean, like you put a lot of, you invest a lot in like if you can keep him around for a a, I think he's a good player but I don't see him as like a franchise changing type of guy at all. I like to say this, he's a victim of opportunity. He's one of the players that Yeah you can, he's on a team where you get to do that. I'm sure there's other players that they was in that golden say system would definitely take advantage of the opportunity to shoot the basketball play with the freedom. Yeah. But like you said, is he a cornerstone and a franchise? No. Is he somebody that you like I'm not gonna put in a trade opportunity. Probably not. Yeah. But he might. Dennis might come in and take his shot though.


Definitely is a way better player than him. Think about him. But dude's confident player. He is not shooting a ball great this year at all. But Dennis is a way better basketball player than him. I'm just interested to see how they use Dennis. Nah, for sure. And you know Steve Kirby on that bullshit. He don't, he don't care about none of that relationship shit. Nah. Dennis come here hooping shit. Your ass out down. Yeah for sure. Hey man, shout to Travis. Hunter got the Homan tonight. Congratulations my boy. Hell, if you're a Colorado man, hell, if you're in Colorado, lemme take a shot for my boy. Man Gonna take a shot. Turn up man. One time I'm really taking a shot for Genty 'cause he got cheated. Listen Ashton, Ashton, Ashton man listen I I fuck with Travis Hunter, two-way player. He's elite Probably number one pick.


I felt like that could could win. You think the number one pick he should be. Nah, I mean the two teams will tackle need quarterbacks Of course. But outside of that, yeah he the best player in college football. He is. He is. Come on. Oh but Ashton had a crazy season bro. Everybody knew they was putting eight in the box against him bro. He has some ridiculous fucking stat. I'm still, but I'm still better than you bro. The stats can have all the stats in the world bro. If I'm better, I'm just better bro. I play both sides of the ball at a high level. I'm just a better athlete. You killed on your side, you feel me? You did your thing. But he is a, he is a unbelievable talent. I went crazy on the other side too bro. I have like a dope fiend ability bro. But nah bro, he's, he's special. I don't get tired bro. He's a unbelievable talent. Yeah, generational. You gotta give it to him.


I think Travis Hunter's gonna get sitting FL and kill. I think he's gonna kill, especially if he's gonna be focused on the defensive end. I think he's going to kill, I think he's going for defense. I think that's what's gonna get him paid the most. I think he's going to definitely get utilized both of, you know what I'm saying? His ability receiver paid more though. Yeah. But he'll be top, top, top of his position so he'll get that Max pay. Oh he just got away And I don't think he's a better receiver. Like when you get to the N nfl, I think he's elite. What he does put him in packages that he's gonna produce. But I don't see him being like every damn receiver. So I'm not comparing Trent Richardson and Travis Hunter but I'm saying it's the expectations that we had for TR Richard we're so high. I remember we had, I had him like damn this he unbelievable.


Like he gonna be the best running back in the league kind of thing. And then it wasn't that and I think people had so much high expectations for Travis Hunter and I'm not saying he won't meet those possibly can I just sir. But like I'm saying like how we want him to play both positions like Yeah loose in don't, he might not play that many downs bro. But they going, they going to show him some love and let him play a little bit. Let let him get his Ted. Yeah. Shit off bro. Yeah what I'm saying that's what people going to expect. Like I would, you know what I mean? The average fan now hopefully that girlfriend, fiance, wife, shit don't affect him man. I was gonna ask you how y'all feel about that. Her being it, he just signed three stripes too. Get that bread already with Adida. He's crazy. Nike didn't tackle him bro.


That's wild. They tried. I'm sure they tried. I'm sure the Adidas, I'm glad he went to Adidas though. I, I love that Coach prom love him but you gotta build your own like that was me showing, that was to me that was him showing like all right, I'm still my own man. Like I love Coach Prime but like it's time for me now. Yeah it is me. They made jokes on the internet. They said Nike wouldn't let him have his girl in a commercial so he went to Adidas. Yeah, she probably true. They kind of, I like how he approached it 'cause he a troll so he's playing into that part. But I don't know boy that that that that woman how she came out and said why they together and shit like in the beginning was kind a little bit scary. But I'm just scared of, I'm just scared of the expectations.


Getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns. They're sale a Draftking sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect? The number one place to bet touchdowns, grab some tds with Draftking Sports book. They're sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the Draftking Sports book app and use code Club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


What's going on? I'm DJ Wells. I'm Brandon Hendricks and we are role Parters over here at Club five 20. Man listen, roll sparks if you're trying to get it cracking the right way. If you wanna make sure tonight's extra special, all you gotta do is tap in it is a prescription, just follow the instructions online and they will get you squared away if you qualify for this. And if you do qualify for this man, you gonna have a hell of a time be here. Tell the people about Rose Sparks man. Rose Sparks brought me back to life man. Me and my wife had a great time outta town and this, this got the moment going though, so shout out to Ro Sparks. Come on man. Simple and easy to use. Let December get that playlist cracking. You know what I'm saying? You might have a little bit more on that playlist. Be here, take it at dinner. Use it at dinner. You know what I mean? When y'all about to cash out on that bill, ride around, hit the highway, take the backways home and you know what I mean about the time y'all enter the crib, it's going down. Come on man. Listen. Role sparks be here. They gave you out arrested plea. Listen, we are the official role Sparks partner here. Make sure you use the promo code Club five 20 get you $15 off your prescription man. Tap in, get online. It's easy. They'll connect you with a medical professional if prescribed new sexual health patients get $15 off Sparks on a reoccurring plan. Connect with provider at row.co/club five 20 to find out if prescription road sparks are right for you. That's right, that's RO do co slash co UB five 20 for $15 off your first order


Game on because ESP n plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit join signals.com today.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and ho Copy from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So Join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the holidays. How do y'all feel about the Nike lineup athletes versus the Adida athletes? Like, I like the way Adidas like looks now with like AE Travis Hunter. It just looks like they're going to be a cooler brand and I cannot believe they put more effort in like marketing you think?


But Nike athletes are better. I think they appealing to the younger audience. Yeah they that and they go into like people who got social media buzz and like who's in the algorithm most I think that's gonna win. Yeah. Like I mean if I like Travis Hunter, I think Travis Hunter like I like his personality. I like how he carry himself. I think, I think he was made for this like, like I likes Gardner. Yeah he like funny cool too. But Travis Hunter got a little more personality than him. Ands Gardner got personality but like Travis Hunter got even more so it's like sa Gar Gardner a little bit more player. Yeah. Like he like super chill, like dude really like made for this.


He do YouTube, he do all this stuff. He locked the fucking head young nigga. He is, he a, I don't want to call him a kid, he a grown ass man. But I'm saying he's more relatable to the dude. To the kids. Yeah. And I'm like, so I was going to like the young nigga that like damn, my nephew just turned 21. He damn near Malcolm. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Straight up. Yeah. You know, know what I'm saying? That shit far though as a Adidas athlete like Adidas, that's a smart move by them 'cause the kids see him all the time. Yep. So now you gonna get every kid that play football 'cause now every kid gonna wanna play both sides because of Travis Hunter. That's why I was saying about the expectations. Nah. Yeah they just blowing it up too about like his his lady though. How she just basically was like, I wasn't attracted to him at first. I mean that's, that's damn near everybody though.


Like motherfuckers blowing it up. But I'm like he was, she was with him I feel like before the money really kicked in. Yeah he was in high but he really, yeah they really vibed out to me. So I was like dude you vibe. I like how he playing that all you ugly niggas, none of your girls like y'all. Yeah y'all in high school, everybody is made to the pros or whoever. You know how none of your girls liked you in high school? Yeah, besides mom. She liked me in middle school. She ain't like me in high school though. Damn. I'm saying that it, it is hard. It just, you just, that's some shit that you do. Gotta be careful mom. Just it is the truth though. I mean everybody gotta be careful nigga. Y'all don't like the girls y'all liked in high school. Nah that's a fact. Nigga. Nigga. Everybody in the NFL nigga y'all got high school girlfriend damn near was weak.


Yeah. Yeah. When that check came a lot of nigga check came. Nigga got a lot of niggas, a lot of niggas didn't get hoes till they got paper for sure. So that, that plays a part too. It just like damn I was never them niggas, I always had capable my every joint I ever had since I was legit was capable besides my first one. Yeah I was gonna say so, but that, that is Patriot exclusive. My f my first girlfriend was everybody I look I you know a lot of professional the shooting for the time shooting, it was lit. Nah but a lot of professional niggas that, you know what I'm saying? Niggas be capping bro. Everybody done hit some boogers before bro. It's just a part of the, part of being a nigga bro. Bro ain't too many niggas.


I just had an argument with some DJs in the city like I'm like look here y'all, I get it, you niggas is hitting some fine hoes but on my mama niggas was cracking weak, weak shit. What's considered fine though? Because we got, we got, we got two different level of fine. Well what's fine to me may not be fine to everybody. Like that's, everybody's preference is different. But you kind of know like, like Rihanna might not be fine to everybody but Mass Majority is gonna pick Rihanna. Rihanna's fine. Yeah. Even Eva Mendez Mass Majority is gonna pick her. But it might be a nigga say now you're talking my life. That nigga say even Mendez nigga's super. It might be a nigga super elite. It might be a nigga that think Eva Mendez is weak needs nigga needs die.


Beyonce is celebrated in most of the world. Mike feel like Megan thee stallion looks better. But then they, I didn't say Beyonce was a trash though. You not both, you know what I'm saying at. I'm just saying. Yeah, but I'm saying like top tier, some girls are not attractive that people here say are attractive. Like I'm cracking that you like damn look a motherfucker shot might be crazy though. Yeah like Fantasia somebody might celebrate that. I'm not, I'm not celebrating bro. Don't ever call Fantasia I that she got a song I love Collar Greens and Corn Brew. Wait, wait, wait. Mike, I'm not celebrate Fantasia you. Why though? Fantasia, I not, not my stealer. Just give, just give one reason.


Mike. Let, let look. I feel but yeah Fanta not no booger now. No I'm not saying no booger but I'm not. She got big tone. But you called, you called her out. She might passed SAT but she, I can't, yeah she, she do bite her motherfucker tub. I can't, she she can't read. But that motherfucker short hair, she can't read. This is a real Fanta that pops up in my mind. She look like a what's that lady? Viola Davis scroll down. Hey y you Davis though. That's crazy bro. She away Davis but she decent though. Did she got the walk? Now is is Fantasia bad? Why, why did be having her walk like Joker though? Well he the, he was trying the ball.


Is Fantasia bad to the regular world? Yeah, to most Fantasia bad to, to most people world. No, no, no. Mike called her out. I'm regular the world freaky. Mike call Fantasia out. Fantasia's. Fantasia is a good looking woman man. So so wait, why you keep clicking? Why? This is why I have a problem with y'all. Uhoh. Fantasia was just from the block bro. Y'all celebrated. Y'all celebrated Fantasia and you know respect. Yeah she's solid. That's respect. Y'all surprised me with that one. She's real regular. But y'all niggas all celebrated Joan from girlfriends. She and I not promise you she's fired Fantasia. See what I'm saying? No, you know. See what are you about to say? On my mama, I am cracking Fantasia over Joan.


Any day of the week. You just trying to get back in good grade with Dr. Omar. No, not listen, Dr. Omar don't fuck with you no more. Don't worry about it. I don't fuck Dr. Omar. I I we on the same page, he would've drug out that white fountain too. Shout out to the core warn tap in with five 20. But Mike just basically said John fire bro. Joan look better than Fantasia. Jones just got, I'm, I'm standing on that. Yeah Jones just got a lazy eye. Other than that I'm sleep. Joan looks better than Fantasia. Oh y'all niggas crazy man. Hell no. And then you got an internet car Tmac with the eye. He was out pocket. That shit is fucked up a little. Hey shout to team Mike and Vince quarter got some ownership of the bills. That shit far. Yeah that's big bro. That's far. That's hard. I'm rooting for the bills now man. Because of Vince quarter. Nah, y'all niggas but nah, back to the original question though.


It's your own preference. I just brought Mike in and because clearly he celebrates women who everybody don't think it, you know. Mm. I think Fanta is attractive. I think John's attractive shout to all beautiful queens. But like you said, your original point niggas be capping. You all done hear so you didn't wanna know about bro. Nigga stop the loss niggas that hell, we girlfriends all kind of shoes. Yeah, I, I'm I'm niggas it it, it's rare that niggas just have a full fleet of bad hoes. It's, it's a lie. It's a lot bro. Even a lot of rich niggas favorite bitches this week. Mm. Yeah they part they probably fun. Yeah, I dunno. Good, good conversation. What else you got going on? Hey man, doc Rivers is crazy.


What he do? Nigga says throat. Huh? Oh that shit y'all got like throw specialists throw baby. Y'all got throw specialists in the NBA nigga. I never got mine. I never heard of that. Oh. But I, he probably, I mean the way his voice sound bro that sounds like a real, I never forget they had that live. They used to do this thing. I think I forgot who the dude was late night show but they used to do the, they just used the roast people and re day tweets about like NBA players and stuff like that. They had him on hundred day. It was like Dr. River need some lotion friends throw, throw ashy as fuck. What did he, what did he say originally though? He said he got some type of something wrong with his throat. He said my throat guy called me and said it's time for an evaluation.


Damn. Yeah. Throat guy. Hey yo. I know what type of niggas hit. I like that. I know Camero and them about to go crazy with that. Damn. My throat guy hit me and said it's time for evaluation. That can be a lot. What you putting in that motherfucker throw baby. Hey knock a freaky ass nigga bro. Austin rolled over in his grave. I just see Austin airport, that niggas alive kicking. You can't kill himself. Conceal. Hey Austin Rivers man. Damn. What is Austin Rivers up to now? He's, I forgot which NB show he's on right now. But he's doing constant stuff too. He be having a lot of good takes too. He do. People be hating him 'cause for whatever reason a lot of people just hate Austin Rivers.


But he be saying shit to be making perfect sense. Be like yeah nigga fuck you, you Austin Rivers. I'm like damn bro. I was like, actually what he saying makes I just don't like I, I wanna sit down with Austin Rivers man. We got, can we Austin? Oh we definitely, we definitely need to sit down with Love Austin. We can make that happen for some. Hell yeah. We gotta hit Austin Rivers man. One of the best high school mix tapes ever. One of the best first steps ever in basketball. Alright. Yeah let's talk to Austin Rivers man I would love to do a podcast with Austin Rivers do pleasure. Damn. I think I hit him up one time about it too. I don't know if he got back with me or not but then dubbed us Joe Johnson maybe have to Nah nobody only Joe, only Joe did that. Only Joe was Joe. We still fuck with Joe. Joe the homie man. Yeah that's crazy Joe the homie But that that, that hurt my feelings. Tough. We get Joe Biden before Joe Johnson on this motherfucker Joe Lewis and he dead.


Joe Lewis dead. We get him before that he said Joe Biden before. I'm just saying boy Frank came get that nigga before he clock up outta here. Well hey that nigga falling off that bike and still one of the funniest things I ever seen in my life. I said what? Hey if you doing this white man greasy, you know how you teach your kids how to ride a bike. Why ain't somebody walking nigga this color is your socks nigga. What the fuck? I thought my eyes was fucking up. Why this nigga socks? That's random. Hell yeah. I'm just thought my, I'm like nigga is my eyes fucking up. They said it, it was Pride Weekend. It was Pride Weekend. Oh that's what they said before Christmas in Miami. He just said make this, we just didn't go.


It's not June. It's not February. Mike's history. My history. I told y'all though baby that's crazy. The streets wanna hear from you bn. Yeah Ruby Papoose. That nigga said she just got a dirty pat poops. Her new niggas just a dirty pat Poops. Who? Geechee. Gotti. Nah, it ain't Geechee. It's easy. What's the nigga's easy block Captain. So the funny part about, I mean that's their business. Do what I wanna do. But the funny part about this legend is that he knocked him out and then Pat Poops knocked her new boyfriend out and she picked him up and went home with him.


I said in no other place in the world does that happen. But they was already dating probably though. But still. But still bro this motherfucker lean you out. You don't go, you don't go home with your ex-husband but also you think you gotta go home with a nigga wanna fight. But some shit you pick up, you pick up your nigga and take your nigga home some shit. That nigga DJ to that nigga's a dirty papoose And if you look at the nigga bro, he look like she said, he said Remy Ma has a typo. Shit was funny. This is, this is, this is my problem too. And then he type to his, I don't wanna say nothing about Papoose. That's why you don't hold women down like that bro. Okay, talk to us. You kind of like that nigga Papoose did that deal with her? Mm he shut shit down bro.


Like kept her kids and I ain't saying she you know love who you love but to do that nigga like that bro for that nigga is crazy. The funny thing about it is it is crazy allegedly he moved on to Clarissa Shields is just like the one thing you did counted with a crazy ex a girl could fight. Hey my, my boy Papoose probably wasn't getting her together. That nigga he probably needed these raw, probably needed papoose. I'm gonna help you keep that next one Papoose can pull up on y'all nigga me, I got IPOs shout out I used to wear that shit with all the Na on the, because Po the Tino Green, I forgot the name of this shit. Green Global. That was a time but hey some, I mean Papoose probably wasn't beating her back down.


Hey man because a motherfucker that loyal something gotta be off DJ academics footage as fuck. He been hanging off the bed. He said has a type he looked at the new girl said PPO has a type. That's what he said. Hmm. Gotta be a little manly. Hit that motherfucker on top of her head. That nigga the real mic check that that now rapper really speaking of bar to that motherfucker. They probably rapping back and forth while he cracking her bar for bar. Hey yo having the verse while you fucking is a hey yo spit them lyrics to nigga.


I said yo hey yo that motherfucker been married name. How long was she in that bitch for? 10 years. I think it was like six or something like that. That, but that's just the fact that they was all going in real time like back and forth like you know take it with a grain of salt and social media shit is all fake most of it. But to see that shit is just like, that's crazy. I'm on Papo side bro. I'm asleep. Oh for sure bro. Motherfucker hold it down like that bro. You do what you want bro. Rock, rock out with me bro. We let's work through and Pappus ain't never been no messy nigga. He always kept shit player. She she out of pocket for that man. We don't know what happened man. Peppo could have been cracking everybody while she was locked up. We don't know man. Nah I'm standing with Pep Fools bro. I mean got allegations bro. I mean Tee on man go do your thing bro.


She did it first bro. Shit Ray, Ray it first. Damn Ray, shout to Ray j. Ray J said they got, they caught Ray J put that shit on this beard. The midnight Coco nigga like his bad boy for he a different kind of nigga bro. Bad fool Ray J. Man I love to sit down with Ray J too. Ray J pull up on us man. Hey that that's thing they say you the ray of the NBA man. Why the fuck am I Ray J? They say you, you around for everything man. Snoop had a story. Snoop had a story where they something I don't really pulled because I wish where fuck Well you are just Caucasian and C bro. She really like cold as fuck bro. I just seen her online the other day. She got her, she had a scooter like Mike. That's the coldest famous woman you ever seen in person.


No, no, no. She was cold though. She ain't the coldest I've ever seen. She ain't your top three. Oh for sure Respect. She just had like a like a a glow or something. I don't know. But she ain't the coldest. Mm damn. Is she real little or is she tall? She little. Yeah she's short. Damn that's the other one that's big. Supposed to who she was. Who? Clo dos OJ Simpson daughter dog. Oh yeah she tall. She she taller. Trisha, ain't none of 'em really that big though. She got three remix a couple times now. She probably a good litter though. Good breed. Good breeder five seven. She about 5 7, 5 8. Yeah. She won't really mind that wasn't, I know that ain't really, I wasn't really looking at her like this.


She damn look like what's, what's the, what's that movie I love white shoes. She look like that look like Marlet though that Oh wow. Shout out to shout out to my nigga Lamar O making my way down. I wonder I need to update on Lamar Derman that motherfuck. No, we actually figured he got no me going crazy now I need to hear from Lamar O until next year motherfucker before I got that motherfucker move like a Tesla robot in that motherfucker house. Nigga probably look like him old white chick. That nigga little o crazy man he's gonna crack nigga is crazy. He the most functional dope for you to have 115 strokes and get out and still act the same way.


Legend man. Legend bro. That's Lamar. I ain't about to say that about Lamar. Man we need you on the show man. No lo gotta pull over man. We for sure million y'all. Have you seen the, have you seen the, I can't pay the mortgage challenge. No. Yeah, Paula text me that one day. Say I, I can't pay the mortgage yet. I said we don't have a mortgage. Whatcha talking about no Stu. I'm just saying what? Talking about, I'm like, you talking about she like you fucked it up. I'm on. Yeah, I'm on TikTok so it is kind of, it's pointless for me. Oh that's a thing. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know either. I like since can get him with that. No, she said that earlier. I was like, we're gonna be homeless.


What the fuck was I supposed to say? Yeah, you don't, you don't do that. I was right because I was gonna tweak y off motherfucker. Record me, I'm we gonna role play bitch. What you mean you ain't got the motherfucking hat. Bitch I was gonna turn up, I don't even talk to my mother like that. I, we was gonna role play. I didn't know we had a mortgage. He said what's that house is one nigga I saw you got in the house like trying to tell me, hey nigga said bitch get your stupid exs. I said, you posted your nigga saying that. See he did that for the fumes. Bitch you crazy. Like we're safe. You don't put your business out here. I I really was thinking like, did she buy a crib?


That's where are you with? Yeah, she bought a crib. Like what the fuck? I didn't start chicken accounts. She bought a crib. Yeah, you ain't Yeah I like that was good to hit you with that one. She was like you're no fun. Fuck he be fucking all kinds of shit. He's a for, I was just laughing at some people because Boo was just like, like okay expect you but you don't. That's what I was thinking. See that shit could go real less. Is that a lowkey making nigga shitty because he kind be like, like now, now you playing in my face not my lifetime. Yeah because I was thinking like you said you were selling your house and you paid for it.


Did you buy a new house? Okay. The real sedan. See I'm like divorce is on the what? She trying to leave TikTok is ruin the black community man. Oh lord. We're playing with these games. Niggas is already going through enough. That's gonna be a nigga last tick for he snap on her because y'all wanna play a game. Well all I gotta do is take on a B here Parlays. I'll be straight. Nah for sure dude. A real crash out on mama man. I had nigga putting his last in the parlay for the house. Boy. That is called the hotline bro. You need help. Wish some niggas probably the NBA that did that. Put everything on the line. Joey Porter, what's his name? Ante Porter. Oh boy. Your teammate Josh Joe Smith.


Come on man. Fast forward. Go ahead DJ. I couldn't believe she. I thought that was fake too. DJ. Come on cloud. Come on DJ, we on. We gotta move on. These old bitches outta pocket. DJ Come on man. Hey your boy bro. First away game.


Game on because e ESP n plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESP n plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks. Just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit joint signals.com today.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Ho Toko from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus BestFest of recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the holidays.


Learning ball that's far. That nigga's putting up shots. His last guy just put up 20 shots for real. Oh, we back to the G League with it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean the summer league with it Think or something like that. Y'all wanted me to pull up on my day off? All right. I ain't passing it. Yeah, let him hoop now. It is what it is bro. What y'all think they talking about Tre? Like LeBron open Fort Trades. Damn. I'm not saying they open Forres. Oh. But they like the Lakers gonna be against it if he wanted to betrayed. Wow. I bet they wouldn't. I bet they wouldn't. It would take a lot of pressure off them. But I don't see it happening. I mean obviously I don't think it's gonna happen but But it would take a lot of pressure off them. It would. Immense. I don't even know where he would go. I think I could see bro leaving though.


Yeah. Yeah. I don't where he would go. I think bro might wanna leave and go back to Cleveland. Man. Damn. That's a good team. Retired. Retired Cavalier. Make one more final run. Yeah, because he ain't making one to LA right now. But that would be hilarious if he went back to the Cavaliers. If I'm Donvan Mitchell, I'm shitty nigga. Wait one more year bro. Nah, no bro. Don't come Fuck up my Sean bro. All be a traded to the cast. We seen this before. You pissed off Kyrie? No, he did. Kyrie, I think the Lakers are doing a favor. They probably won't even trading for nothing. I think they'd probably be like, yeah, we gonna get, we gonna let you go because he gonna retire anyway. I don't see LeBron playing no more than one.


I'm telling you, I think he, I think he gonna retire this year bro. Damn. I do. I swear if you stay with the Lakers, it ain't no future with the Lakers. Mm. Ain't nothing happening. Ain't not about to win shit. Ain't nobody gonna do no business with 'em. Not no business fool. Just gonna make them Excel. Yeah. Like damn. Who going trade? Like who going? You ain't getting nothing back for LeBron Man. If that's okay bro. What ad walk? Nah, you got rebuild. If LeBron leaves it's time to let It is. Yeah. Let Ad Walk too. Are we even like for real ready for NBA without LeBron? I'm it's kind of, I mean he's kind, I kind of already feel like that. Yeah. I don't feel like LeBron obviously LeBron a greatest player to me of all time.


He the greatest player I ever played against but I already feel like he gone. Yeah. Mm. Like I don't think we, I think we all look at like LeBron we watch and see what he doing just 'cause he 40. We don't really care. Like the Lakers said we go, oh LeBron 40 man. Yeah chilling. LeBron get a triple double. It's like damn he the coolest nigga ever do at 40. Yeah. Like it is just like damn it is more accolades at this point. We don't even give a fuck. Yeah But it's so crazy. Like you said, I know we, we embraced the younger SAR and stuff like that but it's gonna be a point. It's like damn like bro finally at the league like bro in the league. Damn. Like our whole like in import lives. That shit crazy. Yeah the league sold 15. That's crazy bro. Yeah bro. Crazy. I hooped them bros when I was in high school that shit's up.


Second year they got the NBA to make it to the league and then bro was in the league when I was in high school then to make it to the league and then to retire from the NBA and Bro's still playing. That is incredible. And you didn't play a four or five year career. Yeah. That is incredible. Plus NBA, he's about to double your career. That's crazy. And you play longer than mass. Majority of niggas get in the NBA bro. No he's unbelievable. That's different. That shit. Shit crazy. That's why I think he just gonna retire like, 'cause I never could see Bryan at a level where he not like still nice. Yeah, he don't want nobody to ever see him with like a Jordan moment. Yeah, like Jordan, last year we did the Wizards. It was like all right Mike hang that shit up G like yeah them twenties was scary.


Yeah bro. And I don't wanna see niggas hooping on bro. Bro. Like somebody eighth me off the bench hitting. Brian had that'd pissed me off bro. Like that can't, we can't see LeBron bro. We be like nigga you know he would've like a nigga dunking on Brian like when Bradley bill pin Brian. Shit it is like I, I love Brad but it's like nigga Brian would've punched that shit back in, you know what I mean? Oh for sure. But if I'm Bradley Bill. Yeah. Fuck Brian. Nigga I got, yeah it's going to my house too. Yeah, facts put on the back Bradley bill. He one of them but I'm just saying like 2017 bro. You'd have been man long for his ride man. Boy you would've broke the fucking real. Who you bro dunk on like that. What's your boy name? Jones. Damn from the Cavs. What's that nigga name that he boomed on his teammate?


He's the little shooter. Dam Jones. Damon Jones? Yeah he Jones. He punched that shit. He's in Miami. Yeah. Yeah. That shit is different. Just as bad as Jason. Terry too. Yeah, he punched that shit. He ducked the shit outta him. That's what I'm saying, like an JR Smith threw the soup at him. That's wild. Shout to JR bro. That's crazy man. A lot of people just like damn what's like what's the league gonna look like? Like everybody's talking about the drop in viewership. I don't think it's because of the play as much as people talking about it. It's just hard as fuck to watch like your local team. Like it's hard as fuck to watch your Pacers. You have to go get an app and then get another app because blackouts occur If you have League Pass you can't watch your local broadcast. Yeah that's true. That is the dumbest shit ever to me.


True. I know why it makes sense for Moneywise. But if you wanna talk about why our viewership is down 'cause people just can't simply go buy something to watch their team. You have to spend hundreds of dollars to watch your home team bro. That shit's stupid. Yeah, I don't like that at all. But it is what it is. But that's how everybody making that money, that's how they're making a back contract. Your TV can you Damn So LeBron's out because of personal issues. They don't know when he ever return back to the team. Oh yeah That's why he out Burger does not know when LeBron would join the team. Yeah. He said I don't know. I know y'all wanna read what the, the comments just said Hey y ain't y'all ever seen a video When when Diddy was waking up and it was his birthday, he was like Happy birthday to me, happy birthday to me.


And so nigga yelling in the background like ah Every Like this video didn't age well. A nigga in the background screaming while you trying to scream off his. That is disgusting. He like Happy birthday to me nigga start yelling. He like and he say it again. There we go. Look up. Alright fuck it up. Oh my God. It's always God bro. It's always what we doing man. How many more upgrades we gotta do? It's crazy bro. I ain't logging into Oh damn Get up bro.


Up. Thank you God. Somebody must have made it. They must edit it. Put nigga in the back. That one down. I gotta go find it now. That's sick. Did bro get up bro. Get well soon. Diddy. Hey Hope said I ain't playing on my name. He said nah we y'all gonna follow through with this. Yeah on God. Yeah we gonna bring names out. Who did what, when, where Why we gonna get to the bottom of this look. Is that what nigga on Bro?


Somebody threw that in there bro. Oh yeah they got me. That shit was funny. Somebody, somebody threw in, somebody threw that one in there bro. Get up bro. Bro. They was talking about Get Up, they was about J Fox making them Diddy jokes during his special but apparently he was out somewhere yesterday and somebody threw a glass at his face. Damn Jamie Fox. Yeah bro. He had to go to the hospital. I'm like damn. Then he just damn he almost died. Leave him alone. Get up. Careful boy. I play that real quick. I play that Nick Neil when he say get up bro. Get up. He don't need for that. Damn. Can I say get well soon again to Jamie. Fuck. Hey Jamie.


Just need to go chill out bro. We don't need to minute Get up. Get up him done. Get up, get up man. What else we got? That is ridiculous. I can go giving us some best content of all time bro. That shit is so funny.


Be get up. Yeah up Rock. Situate him. That shit is funny man. Woo. Yeah that's a good one. Alright man. NBA cup going on. We gonna talk about the Monday. Your Hawks man. You feel confident? Shit did they win? Oh you didn't? You didn't see it? I had, I was doing something. Oh damn he ain't locked in. Hold on. I got shit I could watch it. Who niggas probably lost bro. They probably did lose get damn. Yeah we lost. Yeah man your bucks won though. So you was in a win-win situation. Yeah, it ain't matter. Fear the deer. We back nasty work. I tried to baby team when he locked the fuck in.


I wear, I wear my jersey on Monday. Oh yeah, Trey Young had 35, 7 and 10. Yeah he nice though. Yeah. Yeah. It wasn't enough. It was not enough. I told y'all they was gonna lose though. It was a close game though. Yeah it was a good out there. It was a one point game when I left the house. Damn. What was the final score? 1 0 2, 1 10. Trey was killing. I told y'all that. Hmm? They okay. And the east though so they straight. It's cool. Oh yeah, it's all right. I know we about to go into the holidays with it but NBA wise, I know people talking shit about it but what's so far been y'all? Biggest surprise and one thing y'all fucked with with the season so far or surprise you? Mm surprise me. Who's been a good surprise?


I don't know. Probably just how sad the fucking Sixers are dog. Jeremy McCain out indefinitely. Tom Mc and B got hurt yesterday. Get the Pacers like they can't catch a fucking break man. They been the biggest disappointment. My biggest surprise probably would be obviously the Cavaliers being that good as they are but they wasn't a bad team last year obviously they was a playoff team so I wouldn't say it's a huge surprise but yeah Sixers probably take the cake. I think we all had high expectations for 'em. Hell yeah. And just being having three capable players like they do, we just thought they have a better year.


But the trade scenarios has been crazy to me. Like seeing all the top, a lot of top guys want be traded or getting traded or whatever. Yeah. And boys possibly be traded and Bo is low key being vocal without being vocal. If that makes sense. Yeah. But yeah it's, it is bi Jimmy. Some of these guys I just thought wouldn't even be on the trade market. I wonder who moved first between them two. Gotta be Jimmy in my opinion. Gotta be Jimmy Pelicans could wait close enough to a deadline. 'cause I mean they, they stink so they can kind of wait it out. But Jimmy. Yeah. So is Jimmy still on the sweepstakes to the Warriors or that Dennis Schroder strip fucked it up?


Shit that may be another play. 'cause I mean they gave up nothing to get him. I mean they don't care about them second round picks and I'm sure Miami wouldn't want 'em no way. So they can still, they can still maneuver if they want to. They get Jim with shorter. That's a hell of a, that's a hell of a trade. That's a deep ass squad. All winners all good basketball players. They can make some shit shake for sure. I might win a trade line for sure. Just off the rip off them two alone man. My biggest surprise and I keep showing 'em love even though they dealt with crazy injuries man the fucking magic, the magic make it work. Whoever out there is playing and contributing man it's crazy that they lost their two all stars to the same fucking type of injury for the same timeframe but probably be back soon And hopefully they get bronze back in the next like even if he's out for two months or something like that bro.


They a young team to deal with bro. They was killing. I'll wait till they like all the way both healthy though. 'cause the east is so trash they can kind of make sure they don't have to bring fries back too quick. They can just solidify a spot in the playoffs. Bring you back when it's time bro. Like let him rest as long as possible so he all the way a one when it's time to really, you know, fight in the playoffs for sure. My biggest disappointment iss the fucking Pacers. Oh wait you on the island by yourself? Nah, no worries. I forget I play for the Pacers a lot. Yeah we gotta get better man. Yeah it's some they been, they been, Tyree's been hooping. He has, he's been playing for the last years, last couple. He's been hooping it's it's some heads about to roll here shortly.


There's gonna be some movement very, very soon. I mean they probably gonna trade miles. He is the most likely trade trading with piece I got. He'll be the first one gone. I can see him trading him though man. I ain't gonna lie. Miles Turner go anywhere That got some capable players. They going like if he went to the Lakers, golden State Miles, any of them man, that'd be nuts bro. Yeah if he get the Golden State that's a great pick and I know who they can send back. Bring Jonathan on over come to nap. We got a deal for you.


He might fit y'all though. What he would rock the fuck out with our team. He'd be the perfect fit. We never had a young athletic three outside. The best one we had since Danny Grade Bovis was killing but he was older. It wasn't the same skillset he would flourish with this team. We get up and down the court, he's capable, he ready, he can do what the fuck he want to. 'cause offensively ain't like we got too many great ISO players so it would be a great fit for us. You'll be ready to trade him next year. Nah, Flamingo or Miles Turner I think. I think the Warriors become a really, really good team with Miles Turner. That's a good facts. Yeah they become a, that's too holding shit down. That's a good four or five. Like you said he's, he comes over very capable shooter. Yeah you don't have the one knock about miles.


His Mazda is not fucking rebound. That's just what it is bro. But Draymond's a great rebound. Don't need him to but and he's a shooter so he compliments Draymond 'cause he can, he can make shots. Yeah. Yeah. And then like you said setting him screens are popping with with Steph right there. That'd be a great move. Yeah but he probably will be gone. That's cool. Fuck all that. What about y'all girl Molly talking about we going from doggy style to missionary when she was talking to Snoop Dogg, what's your take on that DJ? Molly's a wild girl. Was that inappropriate for tv? Nah, turn up Molly is your shit off? I'm just saying Nah, I think it's inappropriate 'cause if somebody would've said that to her it been like exactly I'd been out of pocket. She she be trying to stand on shit.


Why would you even feel comfortable saying that? Like that's crazy bro. You a wild girl. We know what you into though. Somebody would've said that to her. It would've been uncomfortable like LaVar Will LaVar say hey LaVar? I couldn't remember what he said but I'm sure it wasn't on that on that though. Nah, I just told the girl not to talk to him or so. Yeah you said don't talk to me. Yeah Molly, Molly telling Snoop dad like Molly tough too. She is. She hey be funny 'cause Steve that he be like we stop those rumors. We've never now you you be want the rumors nigga. She don't want the rumors. You okay with the rumors? That ain't a bad flip though. Tear up though. You like damn that motherfucker shot ain't alright roll around now you gotta look her in her eyes.


You switch back to the halftime. Yeah now you looking her in her eyes. You too good. You gotta put your head this her right. She gonna put your head right there too close to comfort. Start watching tv. Focus on something else. Oh damn damn movie. Alright. Watching TV is crazy in the shock I'm locked in. They call soaking somebody comes shake the bed. I'm Brian in that. I'm brought in that Boston game bro. I ain't watching no tv. I was like I'm locked in saying to game six Brian bro. Elimination game bro. Bro was locked in here bro.


Every time bro somebody come to shake the bed. It funny goes why do y'all determine who comes to do that? Yeah that's a conversation that has to be had bro. I could not have could imagine sliding in some shit and just sitting there bro. Soaking bro. Tell somebody hey I'd be soaking you can't. I saw, I'm like what are you doing? Are you grabbing her? Are you, you just kissing her and probably just laying there. Damn. And then they, somebody kissing is open. They said the home girl came and was like shaking the bed, shook the bed. They was like ooh nah girl shake her legs, let's don't shake the bed, shake her legs so we can get so she can feel this motherfucker short. Move around my, that's the play.


I ain't gonna, my shit probably go soft. Motherfucker like hey man I need some friction or something we gotta do. So motherfucker dorm room shaking like a GT car for no reason. Bitch lemme I ain't going so I'm standing up like major pain in that motherfucker so yeah I be, it's boring. Hey I thought Little Bra was in that movie. Yeah bro. I forgot that was Little Bra. He had the best part in the end we was clowning. Yeah he had the best part. That's when I found out he was my cousin but soaking is crazy. My mom was like your cousin, it is a little kid on Major Paint. That's crazy. You only supposed to soak it when you about to. Motherfuckers shoot that crazy glue or you gotta hold it. What else we got? I'm trying to find. So else you grab a motherfucker like what we wearing to the baby shower Berry out.


I let my nephew hear what we used to play when we was about to go out. He heard it turned up. He heard get on my level. What be I told him? I dunno what Josh said wasn't like that but be out. Be out. Why you Malcolm, Malcolm, Malcolm for sure said that shit was weak be up. Nah I I ain't say he say it was we he was just like you fuck with him out. Hey Pro Juice the album is he Lee bro because Malcolm be hating on the old school. That's why. Oh yeah then they what Little Scrappy came on? Gimme some head busts. You gotta throw that on the, on the punk doc. Yeah Knock nigga them little nigga have never heard of Little Scrappy besides Love Hip hop. I made up my mind that I was that coming out fight and no problems.


Videos Lee it's spit off my nigga. Phil favorite song you don't want no problems. A lot of niggas got their ass whooped to that song. No problems. Yeah all them songs were straight fight songs nigga. Nah because I fucked with money in the bank. That beat was so crazy. Money in the bank was fired in the beginning. Yeah that was hard. I was like damn I was thinking that. Thinking about a ball Mjg song. Which one Bus in the head Smack a ho. Shoot the club like MJ G used to snap. He got some harder versions. I pimp holding until the speaker gone. It ain't no more. That's a underrated rap group on alright. Legendary bro that is an underrated town.


Legends you know my favorite song from them is what Lloyd. See your nigga like me trying to get my nigga I shit slack till I get Rich. Nah that was ride with a couple hundred Gs up this, that nigga killed that shit. I used to bring them niggas here to cloud nine all the time. Every single weekend Space age gonna always be my shit. But that them and Lord that's a fire end. The video them solid too. Damn I forgot about put big old heater heaters space agent. Shit that nigga JGI fucked with him man. He was cold for sure. He was the first nigga on a plane bro. I seen using they phone to Skype nigga he made me buy a nigga. I was sitting behind me and Louis flying home and we was sitting behind him and he was like had his phone up and he was talking to somebody you know we was like, I'm like it's a nigga from, he bought MJG.


He like, but he was talking to somebody on Skype. I'm like looking at his phone. He like, he got an Android nigga got home, bought an Android, didn't know what the fuck he was on. Still didn't know how to do it. I was like that's he was telling somebody that's Skype was something else. Well college age, that's Skype. Boy that was that. That was wicked bro. That was a real FaceTime. You was dating some a girl from OUTTA college where I used to walk on the screen bro. Prime Top. The real only fan fresh out the shirt. The real only fan used to come out and pop the screen. Motherfucker go home man. Hey let go home. I'm ready. Play two. We got here sanitize hands tell people they can follow us some me man.


Yeah, I never did that to the screen girl. Can't wait. I can't wait till Thanksgiving break. Funny about me just came up with the hey, what'd that nigga say? He said I'm like a Rubik's Cube. The longer you play with it, the harder it gets. That's my new bar. Bar used to walk out. Hey so I was something I you about to flunk out of Kentucky State. Anyway, hit the road Jack. It was road. That semester is cooked.


That means thought she was the first one who graduate college family. No, that nigga is stupid man. Man, no bitch. Hey man, be here and tell grab some brush Mickey out here man. Shop club five 20 com baby we out this hole. We'll be back next time man. Every bitch. The volume


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank NA member FDIC.


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus for bundle subscribers. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before. With ESP n plus. Unwrap a full day of NBA action streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus now streaming and on Disney Plus. Follow a new adventure across the galaxy in Star Wars skeleton crew. Now streaming terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


If you are ready for an epic family vacation, there's no better place than sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills, never ending food festivals. Fresh new dining experiences, outdoor adventures in Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all. And visit Orlando's vacation planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it, and that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save at Visit Orlando dot com.


Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan From the director of Walk the Line at Ford versus Ferrari. Anyone Who's gonna hold your attention on stage, you have to kind of be a Freak and starring Timothy Shamima as Bob Dill. Are You a freak? Hope so. Upon Inspired by the true story, I want to know which side he's on then you This Christmas. They Just want be sing blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. Bobby, what do you wanna be? Whatever it is they don't want me to be. How Does it feel? He defied everyone. Turn down to change everything.


He's our Elvis with No direction. Timothy Shale, Edward Norton, L Fanny. Monica Barro. Make some noise. BD. Track some mud on carpet. Complete unknown. A complete unknown. Only in theater's Christmas Day Brady D under 1790. Middle without parrot.