
Now streaming on Prime Video. You Can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. We have to catch this serial killer. I don't Kill for a foot. And created by Ben Watkins. Ms. K thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If We don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. Clock's ticking. You think you can stop him? I, no, I can't. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video Watch now


Shop Dell Technologies's Black Friday event for their lowest prices of the year. The future is on sale today with limited time deals on select PCs like the XPS 16 that accelerate AI with Intel core ultra processors. Black Friday is their biggest sale of the year and the best time to upgrade, but it's only here for a limited time. Shop now at dell.com/deals. That's dell.com/deals.


What's good Justin Jefferson Here Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds, To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu


When you choose to earn your degree online From Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


The Volume. Alright man. We back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wells. This a special, special, special episode. You know what I'm saying? Full circle moment. Got a paternity guest. We gonna introduce my man's lives when we live in Atlanta with it To my far left. I got my dog Bishop be he out the pearl. He how you what? Nasty cool and Nasty. This is going to be a good one today, baby. Look how tall Behe is, You feel me? I'll stand up and shit bro. Listen man, this is a full circle moment for to be here.


Tell the people what you got for us tonight, man. You got a little special gift for our guest, man. Definitely. You know what I mean? Josh brought us to the crib so I had to present my boy with the, Ooh, you feel me? With the custom license in the Yeah. A one, sir. Yeah. You know what I mean? Shoes off right now we gotta respect the crib, but hey man, shout out. Whatever you can throw them on bro. Shout out to a former retired crash out what I'm saying. I appreciate you man. You know what I'm saying? I'm saying crash out former from a former to another former man. The alumnis know what we like to appreciate. Man. That's crazy. Y'all go a podcast for a whole year.


I ain't got a pair of Black Forces Yet. I bought Jeff for a while back for his birthday. The white ones with the black laces. I don't know what that means. He Reverse nigga and be careful. That's crazy. Pause. Pause To I right my dog. Young Nacho, young Teague. How you what man? Man, I'm cool and I'm hype bro. Fa family then brought us to the crib, to the Smith Full circle moment. It's been a year. Our first guest ever on the pod. So come back full circle moment like you said, to have my dog on the show. It's lit bro. Man, like you said, full circle moment man. It's been one year for us. We had to spend a block, man. Our first guest, he pulled up to five 20, the OG five 20 me rest in peace. So it's only right. We pull up to his crib, man.


We got the A town, Georgia Legend. Big smooth y Smith Big do appreciate you sliding up. Actually let it slide on you bro. Slide on me man. This this man slide on me this time. Appreciate you Crib. You know the way y'all let me pull up on y'all show last time I got a return to favor, Man. Love. Listen, a lot has happened since that, you know what I'm saying? The first YouTube episode we had you all mess only right? We spent a block with you. A lot has happened since, man listen, we ended the last episode. You had a BMF story shit A year later. Big me free, Free man and free Thug man. Come on man. Hey man, look man, they free in the real free in The real hell of a weekend to let it be here. You know what I'm saying? Yo Jeffrey free. Absolutely. We got the real Jeffrey tomorrow.


I show respect when Amazon Come out to, I seen the reports, allegedly, allegedly, allegedly, allegedly, allegedly. Listen man, so much to get to, but we gotta get here right straight. Listen man, we, you know what I'm saying, had a crazy story a couple weeks ago. A wager between you two, you know what I'm saying? Little off the court activities. Shout to dj. We had love to hear that story from your point of view, man, tell you just talk about it a little bit. But you know what I'm saying? You was the facilitator in this situation. We would love to hear how that situation took place. Man. Man, you know, first of all, shot, dj, dj, Jack, pop, my partner still to this day.


But you know, at the time Bibi was on the team, correct? Yep. And you know, Teague wasn't really getting a whole lot of minutes, you know what I'm saying? On the team, you know, he played here and there and sometimes he didn't play. So, you know, DJ is probably kind of, he's still upset about this situation, you know what I'm saying? On how it transpired. Get well soon. It, it's okay. You know what I'm saying? Like you said, get well soon on me. But you know, like I'm, I'm super hos hospitable. So when you come to Atlanta, it is, it is like really southern hospitality when you, my partner, you know what I'm saying? Facts, facts, facts. As a, you know, as a, he was a football player, so when he came to Atlanta, I had a con, I used to have a condo, so it was over there by Lennox.


I'm not gonna say the address, you know what I'm saying? But, you know, rest in peace. My homeboy, beta Rivers used to stay over there. Yeah. So, you know, when he came in town, I'd give him a, you know, I'd give him a car and he could stay over there with his homeboys. It was like a three little, three bedroom, little, little condo. So he would come over, he would come over like during, what is it? Like bi weeks? Yeah. Offseason shit. Offseason stuff. So, you know, he, he came to a game, you know, so he sitting, he's sitting courtside, you know, all, you know, I gave him some tickets. He looking at, he looking at Tee not playing. So, you know, he just probably eyeballing the last couple of guy, like in his mind, like the last guys like that, that ain't really playing. Like, he's like, oh, I got T So I'm like, know the fuck you don't, bro.


You know what I'm saying? Like, so I'm telling him, I'm like, know the hell you don't like, you don't you, you, you can't beat this nigga. You know what I'm saying? Like, man, man gonna drag your ass. You know what I'm saying? So I'm basically taking up from my teammate, you know what I'm saying? You my, you my brother, you my partner, you know what I'm saying? You are my family. But you know, at this time, tee is like my, my, my, my my rookie, you know what I'm saying? He's like my rookie, my young guy. I'm, I'm, I'm molding him to the game. I'm, so, I'm like, hell nah. You know what I'm saying? So he like, man, back, yeah. Back. Oh shit, we bad shit, you wanna get this at this, at this point it's like, okay, you want to give away free money. Like this is free money.


It just, it just like football. Like you catch, you catch a little nigga in this prime that ain't playing, he might have just made the 50 man roster or something like that, wherever it is. And I'm sitting back like, man, why he don't never play his jersey? Stay clean, max go five, four out, five on him. Yeah. As a db, like a wide receiver. I'm wide receiver. I can school man. He gonna be like, man, well, well let's line it up then. You know what I'm saying? Nah, that's a fact. Okay. You wanna hand out free money and then what people don't understand is right, in today's society, in today's world, a lot of these guys don't gamble. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So, which is respectable, you know what I'm saying? You know, it causes a lot of friction. You know, a lot of people don't want to pay sometimes when they see them different tabs going out.


Yeah. So, you know, like, so they try to avoid that type of atmosphere, you know what I'm saying? Which is, okay, well we do gamble. I have to cut you off. We gamble with Draft King. So, so I'm saying crazy, but I'm saying like, you know, like back in the day before Pride, what is it, what is it called? Drafting? Yeah. Okay. Before draft call. So what, so before all that, we was really gambling, you know what I'm saying? Hand was like bringing in hand to hand. Guys was bringing Yeah. Hand to hand combat hand hand, hand to hand combat, you know what I'm saying?


So, so like, yeah, look from other, from look, he understands this stuff. So it was, it was times where Rest peace, it low. It was, it was like, you know, he had, he had a, he had a squad where he, you know, he, he gambled and you know what I'm saying? And he came in town. See he can't really be mad at this situation because it was another situation when Shot, when they was playing video games. You feel what I'm saying? And, and he was like, man, I'm finna, I'm Finn I'm finna, I'm finna gamble a shot of Low, I'm Finn I'm finna gamble a shot of Low and them and, and, and 2K mad. I'm like, don't do it. I'm, I'm telling his ass like, 'cause he my partner. Yeah. I'm like, look man, them folks, them folks, them folks got there.


They, they going, they, they got, they got nigga got ranked in the nation, you know what I'm saying? You ain't got, you ain't got nigga right to the nation, man. Stay out man business, you know what I'm saying? Stay outta his business. So he like, no, we got out. All right, cool. Shit. So the next day I come over to the spot, it is quiet than the motherfucker got there. He on the laptop trying to get, you know, trying to have, have the wire, you know what I'm saying? Because hey, you know that's another little, little incident. I was like, look, don't do it. You know what I'm saying? But you know, hey, he can't be mad at this situation for me wanting to get free money. Like, at the end of the day, the shit didn't go down. I, it didn't go down. So no one needs to be mad at no scenario.


It wasn't, it was just a scenario that happened. Yeah. You backed out, which was the smart thing to do. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Because somebody probably called your phone like, Hey look man, chill out. You know what I'm saying? I know, I know. That's what probably really happened. Like, nah, for sure. You did your research on he was crashing out. You did your, your research on the big shirt, the big shirt, wake Forest Tee. You know what I'm saying? That what happened? You went, you went, you, you got in your bag on that Google, you know what I'm saying? So don't do that. Nigga said Nah, nevermind. I'm cool. 'cause he crashed out with Meek Mill too. When he had his artist verse Meek Mill artist. Oh yeah. Oh, IP the youngster that died. I forgot his name, but Lil Snoop. Yeah, little Snoop Snoop. I remember they was at the pool table.


He was a gambler and Lil Snoop got got As. So yeah. That's another dude that you, you claim was your mans and them. Yeah. It shit, shit different. But we, we love these Jack. Nah, just all love it is all love facts. You, you my man's. You my man. Nah, for real. I'm a real man. Nah, for sure. I with you. Cool. It just, that was funny man. Yeah. It was just, you know, it was a funny story, you know, and you know that just, that Just you know, is what it was. But


The embers NBA cup is here and you can win big. Getting in on the action at Draft King Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance in the single elimination in season. Turning culminating the NBA Cup championship in Vegas. Score big with the drafting sports book. Every point counts. New customers download the drafting sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's right. Club five 20 CLUB five two oh and be $5. And you can get up to $150 in bonus bets. All the on DraftKings, the Crown is yours.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacart. It's like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel. With my travel schedule, I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just Sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app. Sign up. Start earning 5% cash back today. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bankcorp bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further than the odometer can even handle you start thinking to yourself, you know what, I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY. Fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love. More than anything, knowing that anything is possible. Whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay, your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love.


Attention, parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest spikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy writing.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. And to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I'm the Cowboys. I mean, they're already a circus. They need to fix their, the sun coming in their window before they start worrying about The, I like how Jerry, Jerry was like, what do you want me to do about Sun Sun's just up there ain. It ain't like I can do nothing about it. It's just up there. It's just your son. What are you supposed to do? He said there's a moon too. And his son's up there. You think that ain't gonna be his son. And then they're like, well why don't you, you know, put up a curtain. What? Well still of the sun. It's Like, well your AllPro receiver has his hands in the air with the ball coming at him 'cause he can't see disgust. Just admit you didn't do a great job designing that. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Shout out to DJ man. Shout out to dj. Hey man, it is dope to see the growth of both of y'all. Obviously you're in the past TK cultural alma mater, you know what I'm saying? You can talk Bro. We on YouTube. Yeah, you good. Whisper with a mic on. Crazy. Aint that games now still? So we good to go. We don't have to though. Wet jam bro. You ain't on the wire my nigga. You good.


You know what I'm saying? Somebody was at the gate, you know what I'm saying? I'm just trying to, you feel me. Had Smiley Castle for sure. Like we said, a year full circle moment, man. Obviously you been on him since he was a rook, right? He been the head coach, our alma mater. You know what I'm saying? You had the dad dudes as a coach, especially with the AU programs. How was that transition like? You know what I'm saying? Because you got, you talked about the daddy life, you got your, you know what I'm saying? Short of going to college now you got your kids in the program growing up for you. You know what I'm saying? Pike getting to it. How is that know a year later for both of y'all, especially to see him being the head coach? I mean it is, it is. It is just our transition, you know, it just shows so, shows the world that we still love the game of basketball.


Yeah. And, and we're willing to pass, pass on damn, pretty much free information if he is a head, if he is a head coach at the high school. It is, it is, it is damn near free information for sure. It's like, this is what I keep telling the parents of, of my, my, my, my program. It's like where you want to get your kids to, you want to get 'em to the NBA. Okay, cool. If you wanna give 'em to the NBA, it's like answers to the test. You know what I'm saying? Like we have the answers to the test facts. So it's like you, you, you, you wanna take a test blindly, not not dealing with guys like me, andt. You get what I'm saying? Or guys like Rayon Rondo and other, other guys like that.


You know what I'm saying? So if it's guys that are willing to come down and really basically give you, it is not, it is like it's costing us more to be in a situation dealing with your kids and, and surrounding and put putting them down on different information. Because it's not only about showing 'em the x's and no's and showing them how to be a basketball player when they around us, we're showing them how to be men too. You know what I'm saying? Like how to carry themselves, how to carry themselves because that shit matters too. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? If you, if you, if you listened to a lot of these pro athletes that are on these, on these platforms, they'll tell you that the guys that are, that were in their class, that were the coldest, they didn't make it.


You know what I'm saying? And they the ones that made it. So what is that telling you? What is that telling you? No, That's true. What what I'm saying? Yeah. Like they was telling me that T brother was better than him. I was, I'm trying to, you know what I mean? So I'm like, you know, he's, he's a, he's a great player, you know what I'm saying? But you know, like those are big shoes to fill when you get talking, talking different comparisons with guys that are ahead of you, right. In life. You know what I'm saying? Like, I got three sons, so I don't want, I don't want nobody to say, okay, oh Jet is better than Josh because it's like, shit, not Josh. It's like man, you got me fucked up. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like real talk.


Like, but it is not, it is not like, I know like when, when when we get, when you get to that stage, when you have different sons, you teach them to let them know that they're not competing with each other as well. Right. So it's kind like a healthy thing though. Because when my people will say like, yo brother is better, I'm like, shit cool. If he better than me, we about to be straight. That's Why I Can take a load off my show. Yeah. I'm like, I'm like, Lord please Do that. Because because people don't understand the pressure that, that like every year, like a guy that makes it past, I'm gonna say six, seven years in the league, you gotta respect that. You gotta respect that guy because man, they printing a new hymn every year.


That's a fact. They're printing a new him. I like how you said said that like, that's like, that's what, that's what people gotta understand. Like once they find, find out that you have something different, they're trying to find you and another person because they know that they have to drop the bag on you and they don't want do it. You know what I'm saying? That's why like, just like Denver never be the same. You know what I'm saying? And that's because you, you lose guys like Contavious, calwell Pope sir. You know what I'm saying? Like guys that can still play another eight years in this league at the pace that he's playing because all you're asking him to do is be a three and d and he, he could be more, he's more cap a capable player.


But if you, if you ask him to do that, that creates more longevity in his career. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? So it's like, I agree. It it is kind of, it is kind of hard to and he's a hell of a floor spacer. Yeah. So like, But they ruined that because they, like you said, they think they can find that in somebody else. Ab absolutely. That it, okay, this, the league is a, is a copycat league, you know what I'm saying? Which is probably like the N-F-L-M-L-B too. Once they find out a guy, a team won it the NBA championship, that's the norm. Yeah. Until they find out it's only one Steph Curry. Yeah. It's only fucking one Clay Thompson. Nah. You know what I'm saying? So it's like win the, win the championship on how you gonna win it?


Yes sir. You know what I'm saying? Win it. How like, so it just, they didn't learn that shit from the Lakers, you know what I'm saying? And they, when when they had brought the Dwight and JaVale McGee in there and they seen that they needed those two guys in order to defeat Nicole Yoic, then they won the, they won the championship. They felt like, okay we, we, we, we got, we could just, we could just get like two stale bigs in their eyes. Like that can just rebound that we can, we can basically make, you know, we can make puppets and Yeah. And we can get it done. Again, We don't gotta pay these guys, we ain't gotta pay these guys. They can just get two young guys that can do the same thing. I wanted to ask you like, you had an Anthony Edwards from the people that don't know Absolutely.


At a young age. How does it feel bro to see him where he at right now? Like man, it feel amazing man, because you had him as a young on the court. On the court. Yeah. I mean, I mean I caught him like, you know, kind of his senior year in high school when, but it was like, you know, it was a lot of, it was a lot of hats in the, in the pot, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. A lot of hands in that pot. You know what I'm saying? So when I got to him, I knew that, you know, all I could do was basically give him the information of, of like what he was facing, what he was about to face, you know what I'm saying? Like, it was just like from the, from the standpoint of, you know, like, bro, you gonna be one of the faces of the NBA.


You know what I'm saying? Like X, Y, and Z. Like this is how you gotta handle it. This because, you know, he one of 'em trench babies. See what people don't understand. He us, what people don't understand is like he can really have a, he can really like make some money off of his story. Like he got a hell of a story, like hell of a story. Think his mom passed away when he was like 13, 14 years old. Yep. Father really never, never been around. And then, and then like, you know, his, his, his sister and his brother had to raise him. And then you gotta imagine they was like 18, 19 years old. Yeah. Ain't too much. So he, he, he's, he's 13 so the decision that he's making in life, you can't fault him for because he's figuring out the shit pretty much on his own.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, you know, I know he is, he is been going viral and a lot of like different things in his, in his off the court life. But yeah, that ain't nothing. You can't fault him, you know what I'm saying? Like the man, the man is really like figuring out how to be a man on his own, you know what I'm saying? How did you, how did you discover him though? Like how he come across your path? I, you know, like the NBA, like I said, I wanted to get into coaching. I know you said you, you, you, you're a high school coach. I'm a I'm a a u coach and you know, I wanna do, I wanna do college and and pros, but right now I'm, I'm, I'm cool with this. I'm, I got a couple of guys that are, are really special right now.


So I wanna, yeah, I wanna kinda like lock in with that. But I was at the top 100 camp, you know, that, you know, so I was at the top 100 camp and then he was there, he was like a, I wanna say a sophomore going to be a junior and he just destroyed the camp. Like he, he was from Atlanta. He, he looked like the best kid there. Like guys that was like already seniors and all that. And then that's when, that summer, that's when he, he he, he got that traction so that that's when he, he reclassified up. So when he reclassified up, a lot of people don't know that.


Yeah. A lot of people don't know that he reclassified up. He moved up. Yeah, he moved up. I, I don't know if he reclassified back and then went to his grade s What Flagg did that flag did? Nah, hundred percent. So you know, you'll never see a 17 you highlight from Cooper Flagg. No. You, because he was kicking niggas asses in 16. Nah, don't get it twisted. So I didn't know that either. Yeah. So, so, so yeah. So, so you know, he reclassified up off of the, you know, the traction he gained from that summer 'cause he destroyed the summer. Yeah. And he reclassified up and then he went to a school right down the street from my house.


And I would just basically kind of like give him information on what to expect future wise. 'cause I'm always thinking like five years, 10 years ahead of, ahead of the curve. Like that's, that's my problem. Like I'm not always living in the moment, you know what I'm saying? I'm always thinking about what's next, what's next. You know what I'm saying? 10 years, you know what I'm saying, five, 10 years. I'm always thinking that's how I think, that's how I break down life. You know what I'm saying? Like I know like, you know, lo yolo and all that stuff. But it is like, hey man, look, I get it. You know what I'm saying? But I'm, I'm trying to live for tomorrow just in case it happens. You know what I'm saying?


I'm that type of individual. So I was, you know, I was, I was just kind of, you know, putting him down on the information and he's the guy that's thriving right now. I knew that he was gonna be one of the faces of the NBA. What people don't understand is, what people don't know is he was committed to Florida State and I kind of let him understand the importance of going to Georgia around, you know, being around. I didn't tell his story being around his family. You know what I'm, you need to stay locked in. I didn't get a dime from that, you know what I'm saying? I'm a Georgia fan so I kind of like allegedly. Oh no, no.


A a this is a fact, this is a fact. I ain't gonna never tell you no lie. If I'm lying, I'm flying. You know what I'm saying at that what I'm saying this shit. Yeah. So I'm, I'm standing, I'm standing this shit too now. You know what I'm saying? So Yeah. You know, you know what I'm saying? That's what really happened, you know, so I just wanted to see the, the, the Georgia basketball organization get back on they feet so they back they back to being on, on on something I can brag about now. But yeah, during what he did was he did some trailblazer shit.


So a lot of people are known for going to different organizations and different schools because of the name. But you know, he did the right thing. Yeah. I just wanted you to speak on that 'cause you was a big staple of his career, like his career path bro. So For sure. And Something interesting you said, you said always living in the moment, thinking about what's coming next. And even though people had a feelings about it, but you always adjusted. Like you said, all right if I'm gonna play the league going forward, I gotta be able to stretch the floor. And that's why I think he always spoke about earlier. Yeah. That's why I motherfucking three what I saying, Josh passed the telling him what I'm saying T was a scoring guard. So that's what people don't understand.


That's why he used to have to get on his ass. You know what I'm saying? That motherfucker back because he was a athletic ass guard. So once look, I was setting the screen to get me the ball back, you know what I'm saying? So dude be like slip out. Hell no. Look, I'm finna sit, look I used to be bra as hell on screens right now. I'm look, watch how Draymond Green set screens. I, that's how I used to set screens. Damn there illegal. Yeah. Every screen was damn illegal. I'm, I'm moving into some shit because Josh's trying to get that pill back. I want the pill, I want the all, he forcing a double see what, what t can, can you contest that 90% of the offense was ran through Joe Johnson. Oh definitely all idea. So shit.


So then, so then you gotta understand 7% was, was was Al Horford, you know what I'm saying? That means it was like a little bit left. Was it 3% I need that. No we was fighting for that 3%. It argenx like shit, how can I get this shit me, you know what Im saying? Harvey Williams, you know what I'm saying? And Jamal too. That's tough. Holy shit. That was crazy. You know what I'm saying? So we already knew when Jamal came in, he cutting the percentage in hair, you know what I'm saying? He like nigga off 50% is me. You know what I'm saying? I already scanned the room. I already scanned, scanned the ring. You folk got no album Hooper.


Nah, for sure you folk. I know I take the shots man. For sure. That's a fact. I'm shooting shots man. How you feel about like the young generation growing up? You in the AAU world now? Like do you think it's like a, I don't know, like a gap between like the NBA and the youngsters? Like so far as like the where they learning from, like the learning curve? Absolutely. It's a lot of bad basketball man. Yeah, it's a lot of bad basketball and my son coughing. You hold on. You good? We good? Nah, you good? Ah, okay. It's a lot of, it's a lot of bad basketball man. And, and to overcompensate the bad basketball parents are reclassifying their kids thinking that that is the answer.


You know what I'm saying? And then what they don't understand is, is that it is a oversaturation and kids working your kids out trainers, you know what I'm saying? Speak on the gift and the curse. I don't know if I, I don't know if I spoke on this, the, the, the gift and the curse is that the trainer is available. You know what I'm saying? The curse is, is is it translating is the, is is what I'm showing your kid translating to, to the core. You know what I'm saying? Because in reality all of these trainers are training these kids to over dribble and they can't like, I swear, I swear like I bet Tee could go to his practice and it's no more ones than twos no more.


Like I, I like, I went to my son practice and I love, I like, I love the deci. Like I I love the decision that I made in taking him to this school and his developing because the coach is so detailed. But it's sad because it's sad because he's happened to go to seven and saying twos and threes Gotcha. Instead of ones and twos because these motherfuckers can't score them all because they too busy goddamn dribbling they motherfucking life away. Yeah. They're dribbling they fucking life away and then they can't shoot threes and then you know, be they can't shoot threes and then when they get to the, to the to the hole, they can't, they can't make layups.


So it's like, it's like it's showing the kid like, damn I really need to work on my game. Yeah, y'all doing twos and threes and Saturdays. I need to work on my game now, now, now I now I'm gonna put you down like the reclass situation. Yeah. I want you to that it, it only works middle school, elementary school. So when now you come like come on, let's be, let's be honest, like I'm a, I got a eye bro. Like you got a eye too. So you know what these, you know what these, you know what these recruiters are looking at. Yeah. You know what these scouts are looking at what your mom and daddy height look like? Why you holding these kids back and you know these motherfuckers gonna be five, five.


You know these old goddamn six and girls, this is real game. Where's the six and girls? Six girls and he a boy. You know what I'm saying? Can't he can't get D one crash. He can't D one crash out. So we trying to figure it out man. We just trying. That's a fact. So what's the, okay so I got you like, so say you got a six, four, 12-year-old. Yeah. Are you going to reclassify him lower? Hell no. If he's sad though. If he's fucking garbage. Look, jump in that deep end jump. Jump in that deep in the line. How to swim. Yeah. Give 'em the game drop because shit you want to, you wanna always play in the shallow wind.


Females don't like niggas that to play in the shallow wind. I'm lashing and shit. They want a l how to swim or not. I just want you to get the game my nigga. We gonna let DJ do his job but just want you to get we're here baby. We here want you to the game. I'm just saying though man. Is you going to jump in the deep end or not? Like yeah you gotta learn how to swim. That's an analogy. Don't, don't get too far deep into what I just said on some freaky shit. Just yeah, think about what we, we talking about basketball, we talking about basketball, not facts.


It's like my son now, right? He's six five, he in the 10th grade. That man was like Bambi legs like, it was like Bambi like it was like raising Bambi. You like, it was like I had to create real patience in my life. I'm like damn do he really wanted to play basketball but he wanted to play. Yeah he just wasn't me at the time. Like, you know what I'm saying? All of like, our kids are different, you know what I'm saying? They raised different, they're they're, they come from different like circumstances so it's a different type of feel. Like them them them, them yns popping they shit. Yeah. They like, hey man broke as nigga man. Alright. Hey man, nigga. Hey my dad put me up right now on the which one?


What my dad man. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey dad. Hey, hey dad. T hey man. Pull, pull up in that goddamn six. That motherfucker the the Mercedes motherfucker. Yeah. Yeah the Maybach. Yeah. Yeah. Pull up in that. Yeah. Come on man. So it's like yo, yo yo your son man pull up. We pulled up in the truck. That one noble man nova with Atlanta.


Man don't baby don't play with the rich baby man. So he, he have a rich babies so it's like at this point, you know they popping it different. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So you, you gotta, you gotta kind of reel it in you know a little bit and letting him know that you, you know, you still wanna raise a, you know a humble individual. Right. But you know it's kind of hard because it's like damn, how can you raise a humble individual when number one he has your blood in you. So imagine when you didn't have nothing, you still were popping it. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You still was popping it when you had nothing. For sure. Now this is like a 2.0 of you, you know what I'm saying? And he haven't. Yeah. So you know.


Nice. Listen We gonna talk about Detroit days back. I asked both of y'all this question. Shout to my dog JG for asking me this. Y'all remember the time where Woody shape his eyebrow and trying to pull a Fake one off? Yeah. Press conference. Yes. Yes. Remember You remember that when we used to rip his, see people don't used to know we used to rip it. We used to rip that. We used to rip that drop fit off. Yeah that motherfucker we used to rip that dry fit off. Wait what man had a dry fit. He used to have the dry fit shirts. He used to break that thing down. We used to rip that motherfucking off. He had that Austin Powers. Look Woody had Woody got that Austin Powers. He got that shit. Hey man you can braid that shit man.


Indiana. Hey look y'all look shout out to Indiana man. Josh supposed go there. I was supposed to go there. You know the NIL band. It wasn't the, it wasn't the same. It wasn't the same. Nah, He had No, he had the Little Hawks. He used Hawks Drop Fit Reebok. Yeah Adidas, whichever sponsored it. Na Nike used to rip that thing. They used to just rip your shirt. We used to rip that shit off. He used To lead a practice looking like A, it was like a text like all y'all stop ripping the coach shirt off. I'm like, shit, I did. That boy wanted used what happened with his Eyebrows? They say shave it off and then he tried to put a fake one off press Cap.


No, what happened was he, he was, he a cigar smoker? You know what I'm saying? So what happened was he had one of 'em Flame cigars. So he bent down and then he tried to like, you feel me, he tried to hit the, he tried to hit the flame and it just went, it went crazy and caught one of them and it caught one of them. Boom. Blew it off the flame. Blew it off. Right. So then he couldn't go, he couldn't go with the one, he couldn't go with the one, you know what I'm saying? So he had to, So then like you got alopecia you, I got, I got a sense of humor, you know what I'm saying? So what I did was I cut the Velcro, you know what I'm saying?


I'm like man we going, we going just put the Velcro. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Since it like, but the technology so bad the picture fucked up. You know what I'm saying? Because I think it was Flip or we just started getting from flip to the real My mama. Yeah. It was just bad. Remember it was good timing for him. Bad time for us though. Yeah, that shit was funny. But our stories are amazing though. I, I love our stories. 'cause it is like, imagine it. Nah, we used Talk, we had Bibi on the show. We was talking about how you and him used to mess with Mo. Oh my God. Y'all, that nigga close Y'all. The truth Is funny. He, he is the definition of a frugal nigga.


That nigga used to, that nigga did. Not that nigga. Man, I don't want that nigga. I gotta say it bro. I gotta say it. Go ahead. Y'all can edit this shit out or die. Nah, we keep you. Okay look man, he was so broke. He let it I mean so cheap. Nah, broke. He was cheap at the time. Yeah, he was cheap. He had, he let that girl go into t Pain music video. Y'all like Atlanta fucked up. I'm man what the, what was the fucking music video? What was the music video? I, the moment I, I ain't said kept but I said bro shit that buy you the drink it we going give you, we gonna give buy you drink, fuck it.


I take you home. That was, that was it. That was the one that was the one nigga. Man that nigga wore same jeans, bad nigga man. The yarn for Willis Wagg to pop in then he had no Willis and Walkers on. Yep. On my mama man coming the motherfucker with them wide bodies, bald head motherfuckers. See I, I used to fuck with him 'cause he had no mustaches too. Man joke. He joked all day. I cannot trust a nigga without a mustache. Oh my mama, there's no stash. It's like, it's like the comedy, the comic nigga man.


What is, where the fuck is your st Man? I can't, he Play too much. I was telling him used to throw paper and shit at Woody while he was like doing the pre-game speech and shit. Oh man, I used to do a little something man. Yeah, I got play with these stories man. You, you, the stories that you used that you put, I watch this shit every day. You know what I'm saying? So I'm like damn, you remember Phil Jackson? That shit was Phil Jackson, Don't you? Yes. Hey, that, that was probably my problem. I I'm a playful nigga man. But I'm a loyal nigga though. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So like teammate wise, I'm gonna be a hell of a teammate. I might, I might talk some shit now a little bit. But like when t was, when t was my, when he was young, I, I bought him some suits.


Yep. Remember Wayne? I I nigga the five, six suits, you know what I'm saying? Like bought Me a G shot. iSTYLE G shot. Yeah. iSTYLE G shot. We'll go to, we'll go to, we'll go places wherever we travel we'll catch some lunch. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? We'll chop it up. Like I would just, you know what I'm saying? I don't know. Like Antoine Walker was my veteran, you know what I'm saying? Right. So Walker, so shout out to him man. He showed you the ropes man, he showed me the ropes man. He showed me what to do and what not to do. What's Crazy is Like, He was my vet, but I ain't realize nigga was like only two years older than me. Right. I used to be like, he'd Be like, come on young fella.


And then one day he like, yeah, I'm 23. Who the fuck, he might already did that four years in the league. He, he was my vet. We damn near the same. I'm like man hell nah. So me and him became like big brother little bro. We would argue all the time. I'd be like, man, fuck that. He was a definitely argument. Yeah. Every single Time. What made you gravitate towards Teague though? Like, because he was, he was our point guard of the future. Yeah. And shout out to Biby. I love, but I just knew like t was more like of the, of the little nigga I needed. You know what I'm saying? Because he, he gonna play a little defense. He gonna pop his shit in the beginning.


In the beginning. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta, you gotta, you gotta look, you gotta Crawl before you watch. The only, the Only script is the only script in the NBA is. You gotta act for the money. You gotta act like you wanna do some shit. Hey man, all that, all that script shit, all that it was playing it. No nigga I'm look man, what you want me to, what role you need me to play? Look man, look man, I'm starting this movie and I need to play the hell of a role. If I don't play this fucking role, man, it's another nigga that can play this role. Fat. Like, it's not about you think, you think somebody is going to play that alone, that much basketball to think oh they gonna hand you a script when you get, when you, when you get drafted.


Like, all right now look, this is how it's gonna go. Nah. For the next five years. No. Yeah. Shit. Either you gonna fall into this role or this team. Yeah. Or you or your As is grass. My nigga's like that's that's, that's the point. You grass or you gonna fall into this role. It's simple. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie, but I appreciate you because you ain't falling to the road. Like you be like man fuck that shit. Like Yeah, I, I definitely did man. But, but That, that's, that's why I'm 13. That's why I was 13 years outta that fucker. Nah, that's good. That's long. You was a killer. I'm thankful that I, I played 13 years but you know like I knew that I had something that they needed, you know, you know what I'm saying?


I just didn't have Steph Curry and Clay Thompson. Yeah. They could just shoot the leather off that motherfucker. Like I had a nigga that can get to the paint dunk on a nigga Light t straps play some defense. And nigga was playing defense when he was young. He was playing some deep, you know what I'm saying? He said he was thirsty. No nigga, he Ars nigga, you know what I'm saying? Said he was thirsty. He wasn't thirsty for the Ho but he was thirsty for the show. He, he wanted the show wanted, I wanted the show Bro. No, he wanted the show man. He, he never wanted the Ho he wanted the show. I'm telling you. Nah, nah that shit gonna come, all that shit gonna come on the back end. Yeah. But his necessity was how do I get Biby outta this motherfucker?


What I'm saying, get Bmy the fuck outta here. Okay. You don't wanna play fucking defense because look, we used to have little, we used to, we used to talk shit bro. Like we used to watch film talk shit on the plane and niggas like man god damn B you gonna play fucking defense today. B was like shit that didn't bring me here to wild y'all with my defense. I say shit they brought me here to shoot at that motherfucker. Yeah that's what they said that shit. He said shit Josh give him my bag nigga blow past me block and shot. I'm like damn nigga. All right bro. All right bro. Who was your, we didn't get to ask you that when we first had the OG episode. Who was your like person that grabbed you like nah nigga, I'm going bring you in and show you how to do this shit. For real Biby bi Shout bi Mike Biby man like Best when I got, when I got snubbed a couple of times for the All Star game man he was like man fuck that shit Josh.


Yeah because I thought he made an All star one time. He was like, I ain't make no All Star. He was like man fuck that shit Josh. He was like as long as they pay you like a Allstar, that's what matters right up. He's like, that's what matters. Nah of fact. He said, shit, do that shit, that's gonna make them pay you like a Allstar. So I'm like I got you. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I got you. And then it was other little things, you know what I'm saying? They used to tell me and you know I was, I was a, you know, I was kind of stubborn sometimes, but it was certain people that would re like I'm a sponge, I'm still a sponge to this day. Like I wanna learn. Yeah I wanna learn new things. I wanna learn everyth like everything on how to like do everything the right way.


So I used to listen to him and, and Mike Bibby probably was the first one, Antoine Walker. He was like half of my rookie year. So I can't give him that credit. It gotta be Mike Bibby for sure. No, Bibby was one of the best people used to be around like even with me, like I had to pick him up on throw the lucky lounge and shit. That was my guy. But y'all all took me in. That's why I love y'all so much. That's why I wanted to always interview everybody that was on that team. Y'all used to bring me in. Even like you when y'all popcorn in my car and shit. That nigga was ass rookie though man. That nigga was not doing shit, shit. He said go crazy showed me hell love nigga show love but nigga, nigga these is not, not, you know how, you know how it's like a a a a nigga that got a son that got that fucking fluffy ass here.


Nigga I can't wait till you do something. I'm gonna cut that shit on everything. I can't wait till you disrespect me. Yeah, I'm cutting that motherfucker. He so this nigga, He two years older than me, two or three years older than me. So when he talked to me he like hey make sure you had them donuts tomorrow nigga. I'm like man what the fuck. See what nigga, can I tell you what my job was? Yeah, Go ahead. Alright. I couldn't go to no clubs. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like I couldn't go to no clubs dog. So I had to have the KY jelly and the condoms, you know what I'm saying? That was my job. See back in the day it was roofing. Oh shit, Rufus. Oh shit. Shit. Oh this, this little ass nigga can't go nowhere.


Look. So boom, it's three, four in the morning everywhere we go. I in that motherfucker I was snoring. Yeah. They like, hey man, woo woo, bring your ass. So I'm like out there I'm getting a crust on my eyes like coming that motherfucker like, here man, boom. You know what I'm saying? Like sometimes they'll let the girl answer the door, grab the shit butt naked sometimes they know. I'm telling you man, this is shit man. Man, look man, the stories of like, this is the life bro. You I'm like, man look man, look man, the wear and tear is worth it.


You know? I'm saying, come on man, what are we doing? Come on man. Like since we Speaking of letters, we gotta talk about, man, how you got Ivan Johnson on the team? Man? Man. Even though the team let him go, he was one of the reasons why he was still Atlanta Hawk. Absolutely man. Shout to my nigga. 40, the real 44, the real 45 nigga had the football. Oh mama. Hell look man. Four I 44 in the letter. That's why he said all some real shit. I mean, I ain't, I love my nigga to the core. I swear to God, I, Johnson is the reason why I bought Zero Challenger.


You made zero. No, he made zero. Yeah, he made zero for Iden Johnson is the reason why I bought my first Challenger. Yeah, my, that's a fact. I swear to God. That's a fact. He might be the first one to got there, you know, to start the trend though. Yeah, I, yes sir. The first crash out the nba, the first D one crash IAD one crash outta NBA International. I hit International Crash International plus D one. Nah, but give us the game on how you like him save his career though for that. So started really in the, yeah, it was like, what people don't know, we had a, we had a guy like named Mario West and six, we was like talking to him, greasy.


This nigga had a gooseneck jumper. It was like one, it was crazy. Like, it was like, so we was like, he had a, a hell of a camp. So it's always like when you go to camp, it's always like one dude that's gonna make the team that's not on the team. It depends on how he handles it, how well he plays when his number, when his name is called different things. You know what I'm saying? Right. So he fit all the molds, like they, like Mario, fit all the molds. He was a great, great teammate. Facts, like played hard defensively, all the, all these things. Yep.


So that's why he made it, you know what I'm saying? Like I Johnson was the total opposite. This nigga was just a good basketball player as nigga, this nigga gangster. I never, I never knew a nigga, I never knew niggas as existed in San Antonio until I met this nigga. That's, yeah. You know what I'm saying? I was like, oh, it's some hood in San Antonio. It gotta be. So, because he was the first nigga that that came in the league with a grill. And, and when I tell you he was tearing niggas asses up in, in camp in my line team, he was killing, he was tearing niggas asses up.


Niggas was scared, nigga he was drooling. Like, you know, you know like, you want a nigga that like, come on bro, this is the last spot. How bad do you want it? Nah, this nigga, that nigga got damn foaming at the mouth, nigga for this last shit. You know what I mean? Nah, nigga an elbow one niggas nigga defense. Yeah. So I'm like, bro, we gotta have this dude, we gotta have this guy. So they cutting the nigga because they was like kind of, kind of fearful of the nigga, you know what I'm saying? Like, so I'm like, I and shit. Like I, I, I got him under, I got him, I got possibility. What I'm saying? Hell no nigga, I just want y'all to sign this nigga, you know what Im saying? Nah, for sure nigga, this is your responsibility, this nigga.


Fuck you talking about, nigga, I got kids now, nigga, this niggas a crash out a D one. He was a D one crash out. Fuck what school he went to. That's what school he went to D one Crash out crash out. They was like, I man, not gonna make it. He came, showed up. I said, oh shit. But showed up anyway. Showed up like I'm here. Yeah. And Smooth was like, nah, he supposed to make the team bro. Fuck with it, man. He was like, nah, He, he killed bro. He supposed to be on His team. Then when he got on the team, was you on a plane with Jason Collins? Was it? No, not Jason Cols. John John. Was it? Who, who was on our team name?


Oh my God. One of the, one of the twins. The twins. Yes. It was Jason. Jason. Jason. Yeah. Jason. You remember Jason was like, oh my God. He googled the nigga. He googled Jason from like, he from Stanford. Stanford from Stanford. Yeah. So, you know, he, he, he like professional white university. He like, they're gonna Google. So we, we need to, he Googled, he googled his ass. Boom. Google. Yeah, He knocked the ref out Till you see this. He's banned from Japan. He the, from Japan. He, he was like, he's banned from you. He's banned from league. He's like, I'm like bru, chill out bro. You got that. Jump on your jump.


Want banned From B Knocked the rest out of some shit. Yeah, I remember that.


The NBA is back and with all the basketball going on, you shouldn't have to worry about when you buy tickets to your next big event. Gametime is a fast, easy way to buy tickets for all the sports, music, comedy and theater events near you with the great last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat and the best price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. So go ahead, take the guesswork out of buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime at and create an account and use Code Club five 20 for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account in Rod Nicole Club five 20 for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacarts. Like having a little extra in your pocket every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel with my travel schedule, I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just Sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app, Sign up, start earning 5% cashback today. Don't just pay. Pay Terms and limits apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease and because you're committed to driving that thing further than the odometer can even handle you start thinking to yourself, you know what, I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY. Fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love more than anything, knowing that anything is possible, whether it's keeping it on the road for forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay, your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love.


Attention, parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What makes guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid-friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in A USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com


Looking for the perfect night's sleep. Brooklyn Bedding has you covered with over 25 years in the mattress industry. Brooklyn Bedding combines top tier comfort and quality without the hefty price tag. Every mattress is designed and assembled by master craftsman, ensuring expert oversight. Plus they have a factory in Arizona and shipped conveniently to your front doorstep for free. Choose from a range of firmness levels, heights and dimensions, including non-traditional sizes to find the perfect mattress fit for your needs. And with a 120 night sleep trial on all mattresses, you can rest easy knowing you are making the right choice. Visit brooklyn bedding.com to learn more and take advantage of their 25% off Sitewide sale. Going on now.


Alright, we took a little break. We back Teague. What's on your mind brother? Nah, we was just talking off camera, but my dog smooth when I first got to the A, so I had my press conference and I came back like a week later and then all the guys was kind of around at that time. Smooth came up to me and I was hanging out with Marvin at this time and Smoke came to me and he like, Hey man, what you going do man? I said, what you talking about? He was like, man, I'm from here man, I know what fuck going on bro. I'm like, you know, I couldn't really understand it. I'm from what going on fuck doing bro. Yeah, I'm like, Me, it's all one. He like, look man, you hanging, you doing wrong shit man, I'm gonna show you fuck going on.


You going out with me Tonight bro. I mean Mar Mar was kind of pie, you know what I'm saying? I ain't, you know, pie is lame. So you know like no shout to Mark, you know what I'm saying? Y'all like shout to Mark now. It real like, you know North Carolina whooped them. They on, they went on and whooped that baby. So it's like all to come here like, hey man look this is a players' league. You know what I'm saying? Like you go from coaches league to players league, you know what I'm saying? Like college is a coaches league. NBA is a player's league. So come on man. Look, hey man look you hanging out with the wrong one man. You know what I'm saying? Like this lock in this man, this man gonna show you the, you know what I'm saying?


He gonna show you some cap. He gonna show you how to read a book. You know what I'm these what I'm saying, the real mentor because we stepping into professionalism. Yeah. Everybody's a professional, you know what I'm saying? Everybody's a professional bro. Yeah. The scammers, you know what I'm saying? To the, the women, to the financial advisor, to the agents. We're stepping into professionalism, man, let me get you up to speed on this shit. So you won't be out here looking crazy. Now that was because you are a product of me. Absolutely. You what I'm saying. At end of that you a product of me, I can't have you out here looking crazy.


Absolutely. Shit, because I told him the story when I came in, it is my rookie year. I came in with a girl to the club. Ooh. And that nigga pulled me to the side. You, you put your arm around me. You said listen, y'all fella, everybody know her. I said, what you mean? He said, look around, everybody know her. I said damn. And we always about the last nigga, man, we're not even gonna talk about the teammate. We're not even gonna talk about the teammate. We're not even gonna discuss the teammate in this situation. So my man's my man's. So it's it, it is levels of everything.


So like, and this is what's wrong with these females today. Yeah. These niggas is getting too much money too early. So it's like, you know when I came in the league it was, it was, oh I ain't fucking with your young ass. You ain't got, because it was the paper, you know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? It was the paper. So I'm like, I never knew. Oh you cute but I can't fuck with you. Yeah, it was, it was, it was levels. So then boom, when I got to this level, okay, I had access to, you know what I'm saying? So it's like I understood it ain't got shit to do with me. I'm bigger than this shit bigger than me.


Yeah. You see what I'm saying? This shit, this shit is bigger than me. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So I what, what I wasn't gonna allow my nigga to do was that my partner was fucking nigga. Look what name? Freak nigga. Freak nigga Mike. Shit. Shit freaking Mike. If you wanna No, I say shout to Louis, shout out to freak Mike. What I'm saying. So look, you know what I mean, it your aura. That guy talking freaky. Yeah.


Anyway, so, so Jim walk into the club. Into the club, you know what I'm saying? I look, fuck you bitch. You know what I'm saying? Because fuck you funky bitch. This is my mans right. I'm gonna throw your ass under bus bitch you a speed bump. Yeah. Right up under that motherfucker. Boop. Because I can't wait to have my mans looking like a player because you a player. Yeah. You was a real player bro. So Josh, we here now. I know y'all. We all over the place. This family talk, we just rambling. Yes sir. We, we could bring it back together with Mike. No, nah for sure we talk Mike all of this. Yeah, not yet. Not yet. So what game, what game do you have for the youngin?


The 22, 20 3-year-old getting two 300 million. Mm. And he's dealing with the say he's in. 'cause ain't no nigga in Utah getting no coochie rule, but I'm talking about the younger getting 300 million in LA Atlanta. It don't matter where you at Dallas, but I'm just saying those are the premier, you know, just stay focused kid. There we go. You know what I'm saying? Stay focused. Lock in key, lock in. You know what I'm saying? Just lock in. That's what I'm saying, man. Yeah. Keep the main thing, the main thing. Basketball. Yeah. Right. When they want to talk about politics, ve that shit back in the basketball sir.


You know what I'm saying? Like nobody cares about what your personal thoughts are. You know what I'm saying? And what I gotta say about this mental health shit. Can I talk about that? There you go. First go crazy bro. Stop admitting to that shit because they gonna write your fucking ass off. Stop me to it on me. If you meant like the only, the only reason that a a a black kid that makes him to the NBA is mental health is because they're there because of they're, they're they're not, they're, they're not there because of basketball. Be there because of basketball. You have mental health because people are walking past you not asking for a autograph or these females are not, or they're not accessible like they used to be Or the internet fucking with Your brain.


You get what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. Outside pressure. That's, that's mental. That's, that's where your mental health kicks in at. Yeah. You not really mental health. Lock in, lock back in man. Find your purpose. I mean, but some people deal with some traumas from like childhood and From basketball. Nah. How do you get that far? And then now it's mental health. Like real people go through that stuff. Nah, like real people go through like I get it. Okay. If you been molested, right? Yeah. If you been like certain things like you know, mama raised you daddy wasn't around or vice versa. Like I understand you Don't think that played a part in like your life as a basketball player.


How did you make it? I mean some people just Talented, but I'm saying how did you make it though? Some people were just really talented. But how did you make it though? It had to, had to be something to do with your mental for Lock it. You Know? How did you make it though? You know what? Some people who just make it off fewer talent and when they get to Ivan Johnson was definitely one of those guys that you're talking about. Like Okay, it's like trauma, right? Yeah. But he made it Right? Yeah. How do you make it? It's different from making it and staying. Yeah. True. That's facts. Yeah. So true. That's a lot. That's a lot of kids to this day that they're not staying. Yeah. It gotta be like, it gotta be, but It could, they could not be staying 'cause of something that might be affecting them off the court.


Yeah. Like a lot, you know, a lot of it is off the court. Everybody towns. But I'm Gonna tell you what's like, I'm gonna tell you what it is. These kids are not building they foundation from the ground up. They're building it from the top down. Mm. So when they make it and they're facing adversity, they can't, they can't take the shit because people been stroking they fucking ego. Yeah. Since they been fucking in fifth and sixth grade. Yeah. They been letting them get away with little bullshit. They been letting them get away with not fucking boxing the man out and not passing the ball to his teammate being a great teammate. Yeah. Or playing a different role in because they double teaming a nigga. That's true. And they gotta get off the ball and play.


He's dealt with that. You get what I'm saying? That's true entitlement. You get what I'm saying? So these kids, these new kids like, think about it bro. It's, it is a, it it just like, it's a new era of guys making money. It's a new era of guys quitting basketball. That's a Fact. These niggas is 21 years old, retire 22 years old, retiring from basketball. They got like, they got CTE. Yeah. Nah, it's been a lot of people retiring at an early age just because of like you said, I'm Telling you Bro, they had to face a little adversity they ain't Never faced before. I'm telling you bro. And then they wanna blame it on other shit. Like no disrespect to that Griffith kid. But you talking about you want to follow Christ bro, you could do both.


Stop, stop de cap. Like what's really the problem. Yeah. You go to church, you could hoop go to church. Yeah because I own That's how you pay your offering. That's how you pay your Tyson offering on me. Yep. I used to do it at a strip club. I, you know, nah, you could do it. You could do it either way man. You know? Yeah. But that's, that's, that's real. I think he faced a little adversity that he was never used to. Probably tempted a lot more than he was mad. No man. Nah, I'm saying he got drafted by his daddy and shit and nigga ain't Doc Rivers ass. Mm. That nigga goddamn made his ass earn that shit. And then it fucked with him because his daddy didn't Doc Rivers, Austin Rivers. Mm. Oh So I'm But I, but listen but that accountability.


Austin River. No, Austin first though. He was cold in high school. No, no, no. Josh Austin River. Shout to Austin. Like I fought with him. What? He was cold in college too. He was cold in high school. He was cold in college. One of the best that C game. He, okay, so what? Okay gimme another one. Austin. Austin River. Gimme another one. Don't stutter Stuttering. I'm not, gimme another one. Hold on. We not gimme another one. Josh. Gimme game winner. Gimme another one. Josh. Josh. Gimme another one. Josh, gimme another one. And I bring that whole ball. Gimme another. But that's where he went crazy. Give o that's where he went crazy. Gimme another. That's where this, where he went crazy. Gimme another, another game.


Gimme another one. Austin Rivers Audrey. This whole bottle, gimme another one. This is not five 20 in the morning. This is five 20 after hours right now. But I swear to God Rivers, gimme another One thing at Duke. Gimme another. He did his thing at Duke. I don't give you another One thing. That's why it was a lottery nigga. If nigga the best Williams, he killed the whole A, CC. Yeah. Yeah. That nigga Carolina got hit on the Yamaha U. He got fucking name. How he killed his year before he got back killed everybody. He killed everybody. I'm just saying like Jeff t Jeff t killed the A CC.


Stop disrespecting T Nigga killed the acct was acc. No my nigga Nathan t was Ed. I'm talking about Rivers. He went to a Prestige at Duke University and Wake Forest University. Wake Forest is a do that. No, no listen, wake Forest is a Christian school for sure. Baptist? Yeah. Yeah. They're a Christian school Duke for sure. But Duke is way more premier than Wake Forest if we keep him the trip. Okay. So he had a bigger platform. That's all you telling me. That's all you telling me He had a bigger platform to do. Nothing. He exceeded, he exceeded on his platform.


He did something. He off, he got drafted but he wasn't t it wasn't because he wasn't I on some real shit. That nigga has more support. No, my let's be honest. No, on my kids, I don't think he was better than Jake did. All did, did did Rivers have more support than you? Yeah, I did. Did That's why that nigga had a big T-shirt on that nigga showing emotions that a cutoff t-shirt with a motherfucker. That nigga had bacon neck on his T-shirt too. That nigga was like, he was stuck. That nigga stuck that nigga, that nigga from the, you gotta think about it Michael or just said the ac The AC law. We, we had got here before you so I was like y'all fucked ac career up Big shirt.


It wasn't like he had the big shirt. Nah, y'all fucked AC law career up. It was the knuckle ball. It was the knuckle ball. Like it was just like shout to, shout to like, 'cause he, he had, okay, see he doing good. He got a job there. Yeah, but it's like it was the knuckle ball. So it's just it, it is just about like So then when I, he was there before you, right? Yeah, so, so when I, you gotta think about it. My whole mindset was I need a point guard. So like they drafted out Horford. I'm like okay cool. I need that nigga. You feel what I'm saying? Boom. Chris Paul came into play. They drafted Sheldon Williams shout Sheldon, you not kidding, shout out this, you a legend.


So, but he was so fucked up about Candace that Y'all, you Know what I'm saying, that we couldn't even get him focused on the game. You know what I'm saying? She had, I knew there was, I knew it was, he had the seven 50 this when the BM BMW was came out, he drove the seven 50 to Tennessee and dropped and came back in the PT Cruiser. He Gave her the seven 50, he gave her the seven 50. I'm like damn. I said damn this nigga ain't locked in. He ain't locked in. You come back at a PT And can Candace on the other side. Now she a real one though. Shout to Cp. The real cp.


She is. I she playing Power Forward on the other side though. Not mad at her folk gotta rush. You know what I'm saying? I bet her son be cold as a motherfucker. Probably though. I'm telling you before we get outta here man, we gotta talk about the Detroit days man. We didn't even get to talk about it much last, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Big payday. How was that playing in Detroit? Man, I had a hell of a roster up here. Man. You had you big drum, you had Greg Mor? Yeah. Shout out to Joe Dumars man. What, what was wrong with that picture was, I'll be honest with you Jeff, you funny as hell man. What? Laughing for? You ready? It Before you start. I just remember when he left.


So you got no smooth bro. Y'all don't know him like I, man, I had a, I had a bad conversation man. I'm talk man I'm gonna go, we In the club bro. And I'm like damn you going to Detroit? He like, yeah we gonna fuck y'all up. He had KCP with him. He had some young niggas. He like, we gonna fuck y'all. Y'all ain't gonna be shit. Who y'all got? Who y'all got? I'm like damn you. I'm thinking like damn, you right man, fuck around gonna be weak. You y'all got for who's up? What Y'all gonna be as, I was ready though because I was playing. I thought I was playing at four. You know what I'm saying? It was like nigga you playing the three? Yeah. I'm like hold on nigga, I ain't played the three in nine years. Hold on 2 25.


I'm like damn nigga I'm two 50. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Hundred cool. thatAnd Theyand To me. We get to play with Niggas in the season smack us. Man. I'm crying laughing smack us. We beat, we beat the shit. I motherfucker say I been that motherfucker like these nigga got me at three. I wanted so bad. I was like man I just want him because, because that was my matchup. I'm like now I got a a a three A three dig man bro, Kyle, shit Kyle, I was mad as hell running off scream and shit. I'm like man, hold on, Hold on man. Beat the shit. I beat this shit outta me. I had a shity ass game nigga. I'm nigga I'm hot nigga. I'm like hold on.


How did you feel though in Detroit though? Was you fucking with him or was you? I mean, shout out to Joe Dumars like I said man damn. I wish I would've, I mean I love Joe Dumars but I wish I would've listened to Danny Ferry. We had a a meeting and they had just been shitting on me so much in Atlanta. I was like man I wanted a new start. You know what I'm saying? So that's what people don't understand. Like I took all the flack when we lost like it's Josh's fault, you know what I'm saying? Like I ain't take, I probably took about two three threes a game that like these niggas taking 10 threes. This is what's good about my career. It's gonna be a whole lot of niggas shooting fucking way worse than me.


Yeah. Because ain't Step Curry, step Curry, step Curry, clay Thompsons and Clay Thompsons. All these niggas shooting threes. They shooting motherfucking 25%, 24. I love it. Yeah. So keep doing that shit, you know what I'm saying? Then keep making my shit look better. So damn you got your new start? Yeah, new start I'm at. But they like, man you gotta lose. You got, you gotta go 2 20, 2 25. I'm like damn nigga I came in the league at fucking 2 10, 2 15. So I'm like boom, this is my, this people don't understand. This is my ninth year in the league and this is what I had a C career, a talk with Danny Ferry.


Danny Ferry was like, this is before I left. We have a dinner. He's like, man, he's like, can you just gimme one more year? Can you gimme one year? Like I'm gonna make it. Right. I didn't know he was getting Bud. Yeah. I'm like, no man, I gotta get the fuck outta here. Like ain't nobody taking up for me. Ain't nobody saying goddamn. Like it's this, that and the third. I ain't never shit on the organization in the media. I'm just like, you know what I'm saying? So boom, they say that shit like, he like, all right, so I was about to get T traded to Milwaukee so it never, it didn't pan out. Boom. I played the rest of the year out.


So then boom, he knew I was gone because of the conversation I had with him right. During, during the process. And I never came back to him like, you know I gotta change of heart. So then Joe Dumars, boom, I signed with, I signed with Detroit and it was like the worst winter in Detroit. Like, it was like shit to the ceiling. Like it was piled up to the ceiling like snow. They was like, shit. I'm like, I'm calling like, is practice still going on, like, or do I gotta like, is it canceled? They're like, hell nah, you gotta pull your ass up. I'm like, shit, who gonna pick me up? I'm like, shit, fuck that.


Who this one of these motherfucker gonna pick me up? I ain't, nigga I'm driving 20 miles per hour in the snow. Scared as a motherfucker because you know Atlanta. Yeah. You ain't nigga got two, two inches. It is shut down. Yeah. Oh it is no more. It, it ain't no school, it ain't nothing going on. So I'm like, I'm like man what's like, so I finally got used to the snow and stuff like that. But Detroit was like a city that, it's like Indiana. It's like you want, you wanna win, you know what I'm saying? Because you know the, the fans are passionate about sports. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And it is not a lot of states that are really passionate about like professional sports.


Right. You got col you got collegiate sports like everybody because it's alumni. You got what you got North Dakota State and football. That's fucked. Like they'll, they'll sell out, they'll sell out arenas because it's a following because people went to school there. But basketball is like bandwagon, you know what I'm saying? Damn near. It's like if you, if you got a, if you a fan of, of NBA team, it's because you from there or you like a player. Yeah. Player. You know what I'm saying? And Detroit don't play about their teams at all. Not in at all man. Not at all. I remember like, they definitely locked in. I remember when I was playing, they had, like, when they was in Opera Hills, they had like tallies of like sold out like consecutive sold out arenas.


You know what I'm like showed out games and it was like, it got like 200 and something. Dang. So like when I seen that, like when Chauncey Billis and them was there, Ben, we and them was there when I was playing and I seen it. I was like, man, I wanna be a part of something like that. But it, it just never happened. But they deserve a, a winning team. Indiana deserves a winning team. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like Nah, seriously though. Seriously. No. They got passionate fans. When you, when you have like passionate fans, like guys want to talk like guys like on opposing teams, it's just like a player. It's like you hate to play against him, but you love to love him to be on your team.


Certain cities like Boston, Utah, Indiana, Detroit, Detroit, you know what I'm saying? Houston Yeah. Is one of the, one of them, one of them places. Golden State definitely Gone State before they go to the Meran, you know? In fact. So it's like Lakers at the Oracle. It's crazy. I just, I, me personally, I don't think Detroit probably need to move, bro. Nah, hell nah, nah, nah, nah, they need to move. They moved outta Auburn Hills. That was all they Needed to do. Nah, I think. No it's not them. It's, it is. I'm gonna tell you. I'm, I'm gonna tell you a team that might need to move. Let me see, let me think about it. Memphis?


No. Nah, Memphis. Memphis? No, Memphis. When they Charlotte. I'm just saying that. Oh, I'm finna say, I'm finna say, I say either Charlotte because they fans ain't shit. Its easy To like, you gonna feel the pressure like c I'm gonna say like Charlotte, gimme a West Coast team. I'm gonna give you a West Coast team too. I promise you. I'm gonna give you one. Let me think. Phoenix is good but they just, they felt, they like, they like, they not really, they like, they like it's like a retirement place.


Yeah. So like Phoenix is a retirement place so they ain't really like, it ain't a whole lot of fan Phoenix fans in that fucker. I'm gonna say either Phoenix, Phoenix, Charlotte, or like from la like from West coast. I meant either Phoenix. I wouldn't be, man, I say clips too. I gonna say I wouldn't be mad at give them niggas a fuck up outta here too. You see that that stadium man going nowhere no time. Steve Baller. Steve Ballman the real one though. So what he need to do is sell that stadium and got go to Seattle. Yeah, Seattle. No nigga. Nigga get OKC. The fuck outta here fans. The fans cra, Seattle deserves their team.


Okay. C is crazy though. Repo and the team is crazy. Okay, so y'all stole that team from them. Okay. C fans crazy. I'm telling you bro, this, this shit is crazy. They, they, they gave it to the wrong city. Yeah because like KC they, they got some real fans baby sold that they like nah nigga y'all ain't going, we ain't going to Seattle no more. Get him a G League. Nah bro. I Don't do Oklahoma City Thunder. They Fed too crazy. G Give Charlotte G League see how much they wanted. Like y'all do not want though. Like come on bro. Like how many different, how many different motherfucking mess Gott y'all gonna have. Y'all got the warnings. Y'all got the bobcats, Bobcat done change goddamn.


What's the third one? What's the third one gonna be The hoard. What's the third one Gonna hoard back to the og. Damn. What we gonna do next? Like come more. This nigga Ball is fucking, this nigga is the number one point guard in the fucking NBA. You can't get no fans still. He's killing. Yeah this nigga's killing. This nigga is triple doubles. This nigga average 30. He average at 30. The horse AAU team. Man. Hey It was a highlight the other day. Somebody posted to me and I wanna apologize to you. We was playing in Indiana. I was back home and you bought me a bunch of tickets and gave me some tickets. But Gerald Green I did. We was in the playoffs I think.


And Gerald Green spun off of me and dunked on you. And I remember going to the, he Did I to the, I'm a shot blocker though so I don't give don't care nigga on went the, went To the bench nigga said The fucking Yeah don't set me up. Bump his ass a little shit. You nigga get a free straight line rim. It was like standing in the rim. How was it though? Like he was coming down, he was driving Smith off Teague, it was on the Wing and I was trying to guard him and he spun off me and he like blew by me fast and smooth.


He reaching though. He was a gambler. Yeah, gambling, Dunked it Smooth went for it and then we ran down, you know, smooth didn't give a fuck. He was like he don't care. Yeah. But then we got to the bench Because he was like, because I be mad because I can't get the nigga back like right back because I, 90% of the office is going through it's 3%. I can't back for like a whole quarter. You know what I'm saying? Like damn Jeff, Jeff got a couple niggas punched on though. Nah, it's okay though. I ain't gonna lie. He learned that shit from bi niggas.


That nigga OG nigga go get that shit Josh. He was like, they didn't bring me here to why y'all with my defense go get that shit Josh. Spooky said I ain't gonna your defense bro. You should have been like, I don't know if he was first team ever. Never. But you should have been first team because you, Why you think you never got that? He Made it. When people gotta understand is the game is political, you know what I'm saying? Like once you get to that level it is political though. Like that's why you always hear other NBA players tell you that they basically telling you without telling you the best players don't fucking make it because of how do Negroes handle their success when they feel like they have the world at their, their feet.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I don't Sure. And it could be like high school, like you getting all the looks, you hollering to all the girls, you get the, you the man, how do you handle that? Yeah. Do you handle it humbly like this ain't shit. You know what I'm saying? Like this is just a scratch of the surface. Or do you handle like you that nigga this is Yeah, I'm that nigga. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I hear what you're saying. Like just like every, every athlete, it ain't even gotta be a a, a black kid. You know what I'm saying? It is like how do you handle that success? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Do you know what year though? You felt like you definitely should have been all first scenes.


I I know what year you should who Star? Yeah you. The year you Went man three It was, it was You and bi made that bet and Biby said I bet you bet 10 K you wouldn't shoot a certain amount of threes. And nigga was shooting all mids and nigga was killing. Yeah it was. Yeah. And I was like, he about to make the Allstar team I like. But then, but then it was the year that Joe got hurt. Al got hurt. Yeah. It was, it was, we came back from the tour from the the lockout year. Yeah. Al tour his pick Al tour, his pick. And Joe was just in and out with his calf. Yep. And we still got what, third? In the third in the east. Yep. So I was like, he was killing, That's why he was playing on I'm Gonna make it nigga. This this, this was a year where yo your brother was talking about I came to Kentucky.


Yeah. And I, I was playing shitty. I was like look, 'cause like niggas on don't understand. Yeah. I'm glad you brought that up. I never gave a no. Yeah, no, no. I never gave a damn about like summer basketball practice. Summer basketball. I was a shitty ass player. Like I, it was just like I'm, I'm in here for conditioning. Like let me know like do you want me at 7:00 AM or do you want me at 7:00 PM I was one of them niggas. What? I'm what I'm saying like He fucked me Up. I'm gonna get this conditioning in just like, just like the shooting shit. I want to, I wanna talk about that shit. That was a good one though. Yeah. So I'm looking at, we like, yo, your brother there, LeBron wasn't there, you know what I'm saying?


It was just like the OKC players and some of the Boston players. You know what I'm saying? When I was there, so when I was playing like I was hooping but I'm like nigga what where the fuck that nigga t where the nigga Jones at? You know what I'm saying? What the nigga t Jones at? Like the nigga, he wasn't showing up. 'cause I'm like nigga this supposed to be the nigga of y'all team. Like yeah, it's NBA niggas in here. Like if I was him I would be running to the gym. Yeah. So he says Y niggas was scared. Who? No nigga we, I'm we asking for this nigga. Yeah. Like why is this nigga not coming? Yeah. Yeah. So boom, yo, your brother probably just hyped the nigga up. That's what he should have said. I hyped that little, I ran back to the dorm like it was some niggas in there I should hyped.


You know I hyped the nigga up. Right. He came in there. He had a decent day. He had a decent day. I ain't gonna say he said he motherfucker, he had a decent day. He didn't, he didn't do his thing on Josh. He didn't do his stay here. He didn't do his thing. He said motherfucker, he did not kill. Hold on Lord. He said this is from, this is from my, look, this is from nephew. Mo Mo said nigga be here and t Jones came in that motherfucker and shut that bitch down. Nigga went back to sleep. He's lying though. But he's lying though. He's lying though because it was other niggas in there that cared. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So they might've beat my team, but Rondo and them team smashing to Yeah.


You get your ass smacked. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Stop all the cap. Yeah. Because if you felt that good, it would've been a different type of entry to the NBA. Mm. You feel what I'm saying? No disrespect. No, no disrespect. It would've been, it would've been a different, it would, it would've been a different type of approach to the NBA. Like these niggas ain't shit. Yeah. If you had this type of success against Hall of Fame players. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Let's be honest now. Fair. No, we keeping it true. So, so I'm like, okay, boom. I had, I remember I didn't play bad against Terrence Jones. I played bad against the Oakland City, Oklahoma City team. So they like, oh this nigga suck.


Like I'm, I'm walking back to the, to the hotel cut. Getting into it with my partner. Yeah. At the time, like you how you and y'all, you what? See motherfucker you playing around the shit, God we, we then about to squabble up in the middle of the like Lexington. We about to goddamn like, hold on. You know what I'm saying? So I'm like, shit, fuck that. Mark their ass on the, on the menu Mark their ass. Get ass 30 something. This when I had that dunk on about that when I had that dunk on e backer, one of my Yeah. Historic. My, my historic dunks. And I'm like, I gotta stop playing with niggas. You know what I'm saying? That was, that was just me like knowing like I gotta stop playing bro. Like I gotta stop just getting, getting fucking, you was too comfortable.


I, I was comfortable. It was like, 'cause I was comfortable knowing that it's niggas in practice that a bus your ass and they get sudden the game won't do shit. So I'm like, nigga I'm, I don't wanna be known as no practice player. You get what I'm saying? Yeah. I don't wanna be known as no, no nigga that can leave plus, minus in practice. I don't want To practice that. I wanted stance matter. I knew y'all was different though. 'cause I remember one time I was killing in practice like when I first was a rookie, you know how you playing hard as hell as a rookie? Hell yeah. And y'all just kind of chilling and Woody got mad at y'all and y'all was like, come on man, this nigga just started blocking every shot. I'm going to the bass. He block loud dunk. I'm trying to like, I'm trying to save myself. Yeah. And I'm like, Because I'm athletic as hell bro.


I'm not trying to come down on a nigga for no practice. Then boom, I'm out for fucking two weeks. But I didn't know how I've lived. I mean, I Didn't take my ankles. Like Obviously I knew him from high school, like he was athletic but I ain't know, like I wasn't no fan of too many people. So I'm like, oh nigga, I don't give a fuck. And then we, we shooting free throws and I'm like, y'all can go through the legs. He was like, for real shot the ball grabbed it just went through the legs. Huh? Like Walking into it, what the fuck walked into. And everybody was like, you not athletic as smooth, You thought you was athletic shit. He was talking shit to Nigga. I go through the legs. So he just talking shit. He shot a Free throw, got the ball, just went off boom. Just got there walking into it.


Yeah. I Was like, what the fuck? Yeah, it was just like when you, what you said like the shoot around shit, right? Yeah. So let me like what we had shoot around like either 11 o'clock or 10 o'clock, right? Yeah. So we had shoot around, I'm shooting, we shooting like a motherfucker. We going through they plays, we going through our plays. Right. Then you go into the game, right? You got, you got the rookie bus, you got a veteran bus. So I'm, I'm on the veteran bus by the time he get there. So I'm like, I'm already knowing I got eight shots, eight to 10 shots this game every game.


I know I got eight to 10 shots depending on how wide, how maneuver this shit. You know what I'm saying? So Right. So I'm like, oh Isaac did we not like, so that nigga you got 15 shot, like you got 15 minutes per slot. You feel what I'm saying? So my, my slot is 15 minutes, his slot 15 minutes when the game like before the game start. So I'm coming to that motherfucker. If I make two shots, I'm like, shit, I'm cool. I'm hot nigga I'm hot. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm like eating them mentality is like, okay shit, I'm, I'm, I'm hot night. You know what I'm saying?


Because I, if I miss two, I'm like okay I gotta stay like an extra five, 10 minutes. You know what I'm saying? But I'm never, I'm never staying in 15 minutes. That nigga shoot around Shit was crack. That was my mentality. Like fuck that shit. Like that nigga used To shoot two shots. Fuck it, Shoot two More. I'm like this nigga here crazy. That bitch go in though. I'm running, I'm running the locker room. Them two go in, He come out and be playing hard as hell. And I'm like, because on, on defense bro. He made up for everybody mistakes. That's why I used to be like, damn, why he ain't, people don't like, like y'all understand what this nigga doing. He got six blocks and three steals.


But even, even if you look at it now, like Drew do, drew got A-D-P-O-Y like no ad got DPOY like yeah. Yeah. But you talk about them as being regarded some of the best defenders in the least, like you said to your point, the players, no it is more political than it is off. Nah, It is because I got, it was one time I was defensive player runner up and I made the second team. You know what I'm saying? Didn't somebody win Defense, defense player the year and get second team Like Mark? Yeah. That's what happened with like, so Dwight won the year and I got second behind him and I was still second team. Yeah. That's crazy. Make that make sense. Yeah. That's crazy. So I'm like, because You don't even play the five so that's crazy. Nah. So after that it is like, like just like Ben outta Bayou, like I respect everything he do because he's guarding one through five and then as skilled as the league is today, for him to be able to is isolation.


Stop a point guard that can really just dribble 30 times now. Yeah. To try to get a bucket and to stop him. You gotta look at stuff like that. Like That was you. Yeah, that was me. So it was like two years I led the league in like isolation. Like isolation plays percentage wise. I led the league in that. But that's what I hang my hat on. Like I love cutting the nigga water off. You know what I'm saying? I love that shit. You was cold on defense bro. I know. Cutting a nigga water off is everything. Like I used to tell, I used to tell t like man, just, just just act like you going to strip that motherfucker, let him let him pick his steps up.


So my step was like, if you do this, I'm blocking that shit. Yeah. That talk if You, if you come straight up. I don't, I don't know like, but if you picking that motherfucker up, you stepping I'm whooping your Shit. Big belts do not foul him. Just reach. I'm gonna block it. Yeah. Just run through 'em and get the re you gonna get a rebound. You ever listen? Yeah. That shit out fast. Hell yeah. He like, he gonna swing through boom, rebound. He get a rebound. I see. You get at least one, one or two Rebounds. Him and Dwight at that time, bro, they used to block everything Because I'm chasing shit. Yeah. I was chasing shit down before LeBron was Man, Nah nigga LeBron did that shit one time with Taysha Prince and you know they made that like oh that's his career.


But no, I was, I was really one of the ones that that did that shit in high school. I started at McDonald's. McDonald's all American. You got a fucking highlight tape to chase down block Because I'm a, you know, I, I don't care. Did you always live on that though? Was that your, like who put that battery in your back than nigga to play defense? Because to me like, well I pay attention to the AAU world but I feel like a lot of people, if they see you, they don't catch those highlights of you swatting shit or you know, being the best hell side defender. Damn. Their low key ever in high school. For real to me. Yeah. I got, I got a shout out Coach Prather man. Yeah, shout him off Celtics rest in peace.


R-P-A-T-L Celtics. That's what they talking about. Real one man. Yeah, real one man. He had the, the man, the man had the, the hairline back there to his neck, you know what I'm saying? But had the baby neck rest in peace, man Don't taper. He got that look, he had that stick in his, the ine stick in his mouth cheese. He was like, chief, you gotta play the chief, you gotta play defense chief. You want longevity, you gotta play defense. He had that stick in his mouth. I'm like, man, I got you. But it was a coach that I knew. Like see One thing about these players, they don't, they they go through life meeting all kind of coaches, all kind of trainers.


Right. But they never rarely meet a, a coach that's gonna put them down on some shit. You know what I'm saying? Like on some real shit like Right. So he was the coach. Like I was a nigga that didn't have shit. I was, I ain't have, I ain't have no money, you know what I'm saying? Like, my parents didn't have no money. So whatever the program gave me, that's what I had. You know what I'm saying? I was a nigga that had like, I'm getting a basketball pair of shoes for the whole year. You know what I'm saying? So I'm telling him like, okay, I gotta, like, he like, he, he, he hold me down.


Niggas talking about me, you know what I'm saying? My home, my, my teammates talking about me. I ain't got shit he, he taken up for me. You know what I'm saying? Because he knew I was special. Like he knew I didn't have the shit that he knew I was gonna attain. But he just like, you know what I mean? Yeah. He knew. So like that was the, that was the, that was the, the coach that kind of like molded your game. He did, he molded my, my everything. Like, then I went to Oak Hill. So Steve Smith was one of the mother coaches too. Yeah. So like were you ranked Steve Smith as like, I don't care, like what level of coach you had? He he won. He won. He won. He's either one, not the two. Yeah. Since You doing rankings, where you working yourself at in Oak Hill?


You got mellow, you got, you got, you got Rondo. I'm top five. You got Steven Jackson, Steven Jackson, I'm Top five. Who to five. I'm gonna, I'm gonna say Melo Stackhouse, me Rondo, Kevin Durant. Mm. Are you gonna cal kd? But he, he went to Mount, I mean he ended up gonna hill. He you got Michael Beasley, all these nigga went to school there. Yeah. So do we, are we doing Graduates? Yeah. It looks, say Graduated. Okay. So me, Carmelo, Stackhouse Rondo.


You gotta have B Jennings in, there's Mo b Jens. I agree. I Say before we get outta here, last question. I know there's a lot of Back and forth. Sure. The b Jens and Sir Rondo conversation to Oak Hill. Rondo Rondo. Mm. Rondo broke a record for assist. So it's like, are you a point guard or you a shooting guard? Because you can't wanna be a point guard because it's shooting guard. So you get to shoot the ball. Yeah. That's the point guard. So point guard is the, he's the sit up man and my honorable mission goes to Ty Lawson. Ty Lawson, you a Oak Hill motherfucker Legend. Absolutely. Ty Lawson, trip Dub Michael Beasley.


My life, My dog man. He Got, he got, he got kicked out because he was autographing everything. Nah, that's what people don't know. He was autographing. This what got him, he autographed the bumper sticker of the deans of the school. That's how, that's what got him kicked out. He's autographing library books, everything. Shirts. He won the grad high school basketball player. He is? I would Love to see a autograph book from Mike Beasley. Okay. That I need One though. Man. Show like, look Oak Hill. Stop playing. Stop playing. Show them folks that he was out there tripping. Where's the bumper sticker? I bet he ain't got that. He probably like, damn, that shit the same thing. See what I'm saying?


So when, when kids are doing historic shit, let him do it because you never know where it's gonna take you. For sure. Listen man, it's been great. We're gonna do this again. Big smooth. We appreciate you man. Like we said, you kicked it off for us man. We appreciate you giving us that moment man. Thanks for having us at the show. For sure man. Before we out here, be here and tell the people they grab some merch chat. Shout core five twenty.com baby. Until Next time, we out live from a T up. Got two episodes outta That hard shit. Appreciate you. Nah, that was my dog, man. Man, man.


The, Volume, What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community, the values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home at Explore Minnesota dot com slash live.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway Planning to entertain in your home this holiday season. Make sure you stock up on all your household cleaning essentials before guests arrive now through December 3rd. Save when you shop in store or online on items like Swiffer Pet, Swiffer Wet Jet, Mr. Clean Brooms, Clorox bathroom cleaner, Lysol, all purpose cleaner signature, select glass cleaner and signature. Select Drain clog remover. Off ends December 3rd. Restrictions apply, promotions may vary. Visit safeway.com. For more details.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Anya Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison Packer stand. Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers, ages two and four, And we're excited about our new podcast, moms Who Puck, which talks about everything from pro hockey to professional women's athletes to raising children and all the messiness in between. So listen to Moms Who Puck on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story behind The Rumble in the Jungle is like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam maba, all the Biggest slack artists on the planet Together in Africa. It was A big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.