(0s):
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.

(30s):
You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.

(1m 0s):
Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.

(1m 30s):
Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Cotton from the Today Show. Nobody Does the holidays like today. From festive performances and great gift ideas to tips for the perfect holiday. Fes, join us every morning on NBC and make today your home for the holidays

(1m 46s):
When you choose to earn your degree online From Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit sn h u.edu today to get started.

(2m 17s):
The Volume. Alright man, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Same gang with me to my left. I got my dog Bishop be he out the prayer. He how you what? Nasty. What's up my boy? Let's get to it. Baby Official NBA insider. You know what what I'm saying? Yeah, more news on the way baby. It's kind of quiet right now. Sham. I'm letting him cook. Do your thing Cooper. I'm on your ass though. Monday I'm gonna, I got a Monday. I got a crazy one course. I got a crazy one for Monday. You gonna fuck up the holidays. Stay tuned. Ain't nobody getting trained. Charles. Don't got my plug.

(2m 57s):
Stay tuned man. To my right, my dog. Young Nacho Young Tea. How you what? I'm chilling bro. I was at practice and at a freshman game we had a emergency pod so I had to be here man. I left, turned up. I didn't really get to put on no heat. Now you got on some heat today? I they cool them tough. These cool. I fuck with them 10 them. I mean outside of the steel tens. It was definitely one of the best ones. My practice shoes. What the steel tens look like? Just the white and black one. White and black OGs. Okay, okay. Yeah. Yeah. These my practice shoes. Them is hard. Damn steel? Yeah, the steel. Oh, oh they clean as fuck. Clean as hell. Yeah. Yeah. Hard. That's crazy. I remember you was hooping in a minute to tens. Yeah. Yeah. I was a 10 wearer to I dang there broke my foot.

(3m 40s):
Hmm. Yeah so I had to stop wearing 'em. They told me that the bottoms was too flat. That's a cool basketball to shoot, to shoot a hoop in one of the best Jordans a hoop in for sure. I was, I was hoop in. I was having some good games and some tens. Yeah. Yeah. Tens got decent cushion. They little, you know what I'm saying? They got a little bit of give they saw only problem is tens squeak like a motherfucker. You had to put the baby powder under the soul. They wouldn't squeak. And they flat though. They super flat So niggas ain't hooping in the tools. Yeah, I couldn't get the tools off. Shit. Jordan didn't too much. You better be careful. Hooping the tools is dangerous. I couldn't get like a boot and man, it round the way the shoe round up in the front bro. You, you jump on your TV toes but you were dead. Damn. Couldn't get off in the tools. Nah man. That's crazy man. Hey, while we here speaking the shoes man, shout out to Dame man.

(4m 21s):
He got your lifetime Adidas bag man. Yeah, I remember I had a lifetime deal. I ruined it. I ain't had a deal. He got Yeah that different. My shit was your lifetime. Like hey make sure you come to Adidas nations on every summer. We give you a couple couple checks T-shirts. Yeah. His is gonna be good for life. I'm sure it is. Shout out today boy. Yeah, for sure man. Making the best of your career boy. Man. Half a probably worth a little over half a billion. Proud. Yeah bro. Top 75 kept a signature shoes. Signature playoff moments bro. You living a hell of a life. My boy. Rap career. Drop a couple albums, shout out to him. I'm glad we got a chance to sit down with him. Shit. Smooth for sure man. One of the dope episodes this year man.

(5m 2s):
Shout out to Dame for sure. That's crazy. A lifetime deal. I remember when they first, we first started out with Iversson and shit. Yeah like that's just crazy for you to get a lifetime sponsorship. Yeah. I mean your family always got, nobody ever has to go without clothes or shoes. Oh that's love in your lifetime. Straight up. That's crazy. I wasn't even get none of y no money. Just in the box. Pull up with the U-Haul. Y'all go to Hall. God bro. Flood the hood. 2157. I used to, when I was with Adidas, I used to, everybody had TBOs. Everybody had TBOs. I ain't gonna, I flooded, I flooded Indianapolis with Mutombo. I had every for real color. Ooh green Yo Stan Smith and Shelter holes.

(5m 43s):
I flooded Indianapolis with Adidas. I'm sorry I let y'all down. I don't put on them. Kds definitely let's down. What was I thinking? Man? Wait, what was the shoot that did it? Because that's funny. The kd, you know what? Me and Phil was out of pocket. We, we wore the bonobos to the club. It was hard back then though. The Mabo was tough when they came out season. Me and Philip, my boy Philip, I remember he had a black and F shit off. That's my for life right there. It was ABOs was a moment and the club is crazy. We outta park. Oh really? But I think we was just, we left like tier and them house.

(6m 23s):
It was one of them days. What's the wildest fit you got off in the club? Ooh. Oh I got one. They got a plaid polo that this one of DJs whacking night. Wicked whack. Wow. Ack. Nah, I'm talking about in Bloomington. Oh. Some cargo shorts and nigga the Sper. Yeah but that was a, that was a college fit. Yeah, but they, I wasn't they college craziest nigga I ever wore. I'll never forget. Nigga called me out. He said this nigga got on a drop fit. Damn wait. I had some sweatpants and a drop fit. Dressed like lethal shooter. Didn't even realize it was a drop fit though.

(7m 4s):
I was like damn, this just a drop fit. That motherfucker park going crazy to club nigga had a white hot as hell. You went sweat the whole night. I had a white drop on. You shoulda been that motherfucker. Like KD jumpers in the club was a white, it had a white, it was like a, I was with Adidas. It was a white drop. It was a white drop in the house with sweats. And I had some Adidas, a niggas get too much chicken And I, I walked in it, it was like this when I wasn't even living in nap though. I was living in Atlanta and I walked in and everybody was just like, oh you know he got money now. Yeah. And I'm like, what? They like you wore a drop pit in the club, you don't give a fuck. And I ain't really realizing so I had to start just playing it off.

(7m 45s):
I yeah. You know I don't put shit on. I'm like what the fuck? And you know, drop it, this motherfuckers starts stinking at the wild line. That motherfucker. Yeah. I was like, what? Still gotta participate. Yeah. I was like, what the fuck, I gotta drop it all this bitch, what am I doing? That's, that's, that's insane. But you boy had a time to drop it. You was in there going crazy. I was in six lounge too. Damn. So you know it's hot in that bitch. Definitely didn't believe in air. Yeah, I was gonna say the Vogue era back in, in Napa is a club called The Vogue. You know what I'm saying? It used to go crazy Wednesday night, the retro rerun. And there was a time period where they was just damn there almost racist and they didn't want black people to get in there. And the dress code was absolutely crazy. So that spirit plaid era niggas was doing that every single week.

(8m 25s):
Man I I'm gonna run it back on the show. I'm gonna run some Spurs back. I'm cool. I'm gonna buy something. I ain't never getting into that. When I got to college and I seen like black dudes wearing them, I'm like bro, what's to you like you, you bugging? I wore mine nigga all way. Oh that, that khaki spirit, that dark brown spirit did Platinum numbers platinum them now niggas was out of pocket. 'cause I remember we saw people wearing at least socks with those and that's when I knew the game was wicked. Yeah, the game was good. It was shade. I was never on was all white polo socks with the flannel and the cargo shorts with the khakis. See I, I never disrespected the year with, with a, with a tube sock. But always, always barefoot. I I, I ain't respect Barefoot's tough.

(9m 6s):
I ain't respect them shoes like that. I remember people was making, I was in college, I used to wear Crocs all the time and I, I had bought 'em for shower shoes and then I just started wearing them all the time and like everybody was like Crocs like that's weird. Like I'm like nigga you wear Spurs nigga say bro, I'd rather you wear Spurs than look like a CNA around cancer. I'm cool bro. I was rocking Crocs nigga I either had on that, that good heat on my feet. I had some Crocs on. That's crazy how Crocs became like over time just socially acceptable because a lot of times, like you said people was shit on people wearing Crocs. It was just, you know, demographic treated like niggas smoke hookah. Yeah Croc shit like cigarettes. Yeah they, they just kind acting like I was little like you don't let a flavor put some yellow crocs on, nigga might be like Z croc.

(9m 51s):
That's right. My shit was, my shit was blue. That might be a different lottery pick y'all. My shit was blue. Shout out to Jerry McCain my shit was blue. Jerry definitely gotta get a croc for sure bro. He pissed. He fit us, fit the narrative for sure while we here his shoes. Man. Shout to Asia Wilson too. She signed a crazy extension. Nike biggest bag for women wear situation. Got a six shoe deal right? Yep. That's good. That's fire. Okay. It's the biggest so far. And we know Kailyn's deal was about 20 m so yeah she's she's up there. Yeah. Bam. F what them shoes gonna look like? I think they gonna be fired bro. I think they got a lot to live up with her situation. Sabrina's shoe has been a popular shoe and I think that the way they makes a lot of NBA dudes is rocking Sabrina Shoe.

(10m 32s):
Yeah. Yeah. They're basically a Kobe, they fire as fuck. Yeah them hard. Yeah I like the black and purple ones and for them to do the second shoe 'cause a lot of times you know you get that one signature shoe and it be, he and the rest be like ah I carry over now she went back to back with some fire as shoes. Yeah. I like her. I like her line. I'm like, I'm excited to see what ages look like. I'm a, I'm gonna buy a pair of a Wilson shoes. I most definitely gotta tap in her shit come out next year for sure. They gonna give Juju a shoe. That's the, I think that's where the holdup is that you know. How is the order going forward with them? Do you prioritize? You have to get Kayla to Shoe next. Like I, I love Juju. I think Juju's the next coming of the dub but Caitlin Clark has to get a shoes. Kailyn Clark and Aja gotta have shoes for sure. I'll wait till Juju's come out before I support but rest of those women for sure. But you know what'd be crazy though, if you look at the lineup of, of those potential, who would have them?

(11m 14s):
You got Sabrina already got one a Asia about to get one. Kailin gonna get one. Juju get one. It's possible that their women's side of like footwear could kill the men's side because nobody's really too excited about the miss out of Nike basketball shoes so much. Yeah. Nobody bronze is over with. Yeah, bronze shit is different. Yeah. Ja still got the kids that's go crack for show. It's kind of quiet for Giannis. I don't see nobody wearing the new Giannis. Nope. Have you seen anybody with I ain't seen. Yeah. Nah I don't see Thes the D books. He gonna have to see what two look like because they, they pretty much fumbled the way they dropped one for you. Yeah. One could have been so much The Color Waves them fucking red Grins killed it for a lot of these niggas last year so far as team shoes when Kobe shit came.

(11m 54s):
Yeah. Yeah. And they and they're consistently putting out the heat. They just brought back their Christmas joints to nine highs. Yeah Kobe's still that was Yeah Kobe taking over shit. And what's crazy is they killing it with the Dick Sporting goods specials right now. 'cause all the new Kobes they put out are the ones they used to be in East Bay. The team shoes and those are booming. I've seen teams with them all. Well we played the other day had on the purple one Brownsburg. On the purple one. Yeah. But again like we talked about like the Adidas campaign, they're putting a lot of stuff behind these shoes but the players are actually wearing the ones we can buy. De book got so many cold PEs but we can't, I can't go buy that shit. Nah I can go buy Anthony Edwards shoe. Yeah I can go buy a James Harden chew. Like I think that's really the difference. Like even the Ellos, the kids are still locked in.

(12m 34s):
They ain't going wear all no flavors he putting out but he'd be hooping in them man. You can go get them. Yeah he's right. Surpris I want them shatter backboard D books but Elite bro them a fire. Super dope but you ain't gonna never see him. I need a drink Barbie. Okay. God damnit. She used some PTO last episode. Yeah you YouTube gone get on her ass about that calling off and shit. Damn. Call shout to The Volume what we got today. I got the Mvb and B is be over here because he been talking shit. I been tuned in even though I wasn't here.

(13m 14s):
Okay. I respect mvb. Okay. NBA cup. You got the mvp my boy. What we got? What's up? What's up in this drink? We, hey motherfucker good. Turn me up. That motherfucker alright. I gotta do one of these at la. Damn She, this motherfucker, what's it called Laa la What you call it? LA Oh got called my wife. Yeah. Or Los Cobal. What about birthday? That's a little, that's a little too bougie for me. Most cobots is the low end Mexicans. So what's the one over there that used to be the old Gallions?

(13m 54s):
What's up right there? Hey, I get a cracking in there. Yeah. I don't know the name. It's a lot of names motherfucker. I don't know but I, I stick to what I know if it ain't Taco Bell it'll be a lot hot. I was gonna say my problem with this is both of y'all still would smack Taco Bell. Nah, I, I ain't Taco Bell talking about more. No he not. I ain't Taco Bell no more. I'm a staple stuff that hurt my stomach trying to stay away from. Yeah. No I got a callick at my shit. Two Chalupas, one hard Taco, shell Supreme and a a brisk. I I can't even eat soul like that no more. Mm huh Okay. We turn over New Leaf. Yeah I'm a, I'm a bird nigga.

(14m 35s):
Lettuce wrap. I want the fish head which y'all be up, you know what I'm saying? That was happening. Yeah. That fish head crazy. Shout to the fish head honestly. I sure how gotta it but that's, that's a patriarch, that motherfucker and like the lips Because Wait, what you split it up from the lips? No how? Hey yo. I'm curious how you eating it? No bar. We baby. That's, that's Paton. You what I mean we got, we live by the way. We're alive. We're we're. Hey that motherfucker tastes like, what's that motherfucker Strawberry Lemonade.

(15m 16s):
We be drinking from that one spot Joe. What's it called? Jaggers? Yeah, Jaggers. Yeah. That's fire. Hey best Strawberry Lemonade in the market. Yeah. Nah, but speaking of her name, me and DJ be pulling up, you know Fry snapper. It bust. It bust. I ain't gonna lie but I need to talk about Jackers 'cause they chicken tenders been slimy lately. I need to start cooking them a little damn over there. I ain't pulled up in a minute. They falling off. Yeah, they, they starting to get slimy. I don't like the slimy chicken tender Barbie. What's the best fast food restaurant? She don't eat fast food. You don't what do you a vegan or something? I'm not vegan. I mean muzzle, I'm trying to think why I have to say Chick-fil-A is off the top of dunk but I don't eat fast food like that.

(15m 56s):
You cook all the time. I don't cook all the time but I like going out to eat, get back into cooking. Well if you had to, what's your dish For me to cook? Yeah, because the, the, the viewers won. They won't know. What's your go to to impress somebody? What, what you getting your Duffy with? Oh damn. I dunno if we just gonna keep it simple like some pasta or if I'm trying to like really show Out. Hey love Alfredo, y'all. Oh okay. You lobster tails Asparagus. She trying get, she trying to find somebody that's that. Everybody nodding in. She bring that to Gold Box and replaying it. Yeah she acting like that chick for Popeye's. Yeah. So she ain't no just, you know, I mean sit in the car, eat the wings type of motherfucker. You gotta take Barbie out to eat.

(16m 36s):
For real. I definitely sit in the car and smoke a blunt. Not hook. Eat some wing. You, you motherfucker hook Daddy. You heard some of these hook niggas? Yeah, they, They don't get mad. Nah, nah for sure. We appreciate you Bar. Yeah right on.

(16m 50s):
Appreciate you getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns. They're also a Draftking Sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect? The number one place to bet touchdowns. Grab some TDS of DraftKings sports book. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the Draft King Sports book app and use Code Club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.

(17m 14s):
What's going on? I'm DJ Wells. I'm Brandon Hendricks and we are Role Parters over here at Club five 20.

(17m 20s):
Man listen Rose Sparks, if you're trying to get it cracking the right way. If you wanna make sure the night's extra special, all you gotta do is tap in. It is a prescription. Just follow the instructions are online and they will get you squared away if you qualify for this. And if you do qualify for this man, you gonna have a hell of a time be here. Tell the people about Rose Sparks man. Rose Sparks brought me back to life man. Me and my wife had a great time outta town and this, this got the moment going though. So shout out Toro Sparks. Come on man. Simple and easy to use. Let em get that playlist cracking. You know what I'm saying? You might have a little bit more on that playlist. Be here. Take it at dinner. Use it at dinner. You know what I mean? When y'all about to cash out on that bill. Ride around, hit the highway, take the backways home and you know what I mean By the time y'all enter the crib, it's going down. Come on man. Listen Road Sparks be here and gave y'all a recipe. Listen, we are the official Road Sparks partner here. Make sure you use the promo code Club five 20 get you $15 off your prescription man. Tap in, get online. It's easy. They'll connect you with a medical professional. If prescribed new sexual health patients get $15 off Sparks on a reoccurring plan. Connect with a provider at road.co/club five 20 to find out if prescription Rose Sparks are right for you. That's right, that's R OCO slash Cub five 20 for $15 off your first order.

(18m 36s):
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC. This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future.

(19m 18s):
It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level.

(20m 2s):
Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu. Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Ho Toko from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the holidays. We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name.

(20m 42s):
Mr. Bob Dylan From the director of Walk the Line and Ford versus Ferrari. Anyone who's Gonna Hold your attention on stage, you have to kind of be a freak And starring Timothy Shaima as Bob Dylan. Are You a freak? Hope so. Upon Inspired by the true story, I want to know which side he's on Then You this Christmas They Just want me sing. Blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. Bobby, what do you wanna be? Whatever it is they don't want me to be. How does it feel? He defied everyone, turn It down. Play To change everything. Isar Elvis with no direction. Timothy Chalamet, Edward Norton, L Fanny, Monica Barro.

(21m 26s):
Make some noise. BD track some mud on carpet. Complete unknown. A complete unknown. Only in theater's Christmas Day under 1790. Middle without parent Attention. Parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground. With a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration.

(22m 11s):
Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank. And are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Make holiday gifting stress free with guardian bikes with guaranteed one to two day shipping for just $29 you can trust Your gift will arrive in time to create magical memories this holiday season. Plus sign up for their newsletter to receive a free bike log and pub with your first purchase, the perfect stocking stuffer for any kid on your list. Visit guardian bikes.com to secure the ultimate holiday gift today. Happy riding. Hey while we here I, I started this conversation last week and I had some mixed reviews.

(22m 52s):
I wanna know how y'all feel about this. I told niggas I ain't, I don't really eat too much fast food but I said Chick-fil-A's fries have fell off historically. Chick-fil-A fries historically fell off, always doubled up on the nuggets a lot. On the damn you. You ain't fuck with the fries. I'll get a chicken sandwich. Doubling up on the nuggets is crazy. My side me a six piece. Lemme get a, lemme get a, lemme get a chicken sandwich, spicy chicken sandwich The nugget and then fuck the little short. I hate because they too fucking nice. They like well what size fries? No bitch, you see me on the regular, throw that six piece in. That's all of these Chick-fil-A fries.

(23m 32s):
Okay, I was gonna ask y'all, what's some of y'all favorite fries and what's some of the fries I think is weak as hell. Rally's number one bro. I'm rolling. Yeah I like jaggers fries. Jaggers fries are least vers fries too is pretty good. I like jaggers fries. I like hos fries 'cause sometimes they don't put salt in there and they still be kind of all right. They, they be a little, they be fresh. I used to be a McDonald fry nigga until I seen that their fries don't get old. Yeah, them motherfuckers stayed in my minivan for a whole year. Man. What? I didn't even know my dad. We was little, my dad used to have fries in my day. Used to eat McDonald's and we used to leave fries in the car for so long. It's crazy. And they come back be the same. I'll still smack smack something right now with that sweet and so sauce though. I'm cool. It's crazy because once tall where But that McDonald's fry was elite.

(24m 15s):
Like I'm, I'm pulling up to McDonald's. I made McDonald's too. I can't do, I ain't McDonald's in a minute though. Out to y'all man. I still, I ain't fuck with them nuggets. Them nuggets is ah them nuggets got guy plastic. I'm boo boo. I like take the sandwiches. It's bust that fish filet fry hard. You gotta tell 'em to put it back in there again. Don't ever take it fresh off you Clay. At that point all bro gotta get that. The ri, I mean the edges of that bitch burnt. Yeah re rocking the fish sandwich is crazy. Yeah. Double dipping bro. I like, I need a deep fry. Only nuggets I really like. I'm not a chicken nugget. It was Wendy's. They Nuggets was fired once upon time. Wendy's Nuggets was pressure. I don't even, I don't even think a Wendy's is open in Indiana.

(24m 57s):
You don't get surfaced. Yeah they don't give a fuck. They don't give damn about their service. Wendy's. It's one in Nora they open whenever they feel like it bro. Yeah the one over there by traders' point, they ne it is never open. Got no cash, you can't use your car. Yeah Shahan when she was pregnant I stayed nigga running up to that motherfucker. That spicy chicken sandwich is golden. Y gonna say now when Wendy's got the spicy nuggets, that one of Georgetown saw me quite often but that ain't kill me with that Mike. That whole oh we don't have cash pay exact change or we don't have no change for you or make this shit what I got since you playing in my face. Yeah. Well y'all done had some rough times with fast food. I don't think I had that motherfucker closed now I remember that Boston Market over there used to do numbers boy, that Boston Market on 56th and Georgetown used to go, hey everybody used to act like they didn't eat it but you would see Nigga's card.

(25m 42s):
I see your card dropped bro. Bro I don't even know what the, that little piece of core bro used that. That was, that was the best spinning I ever had. Oh that that cream spinach iss, I don't like marshmallows and s but theirs used to bust. I ain't gonna lie. Boston Market had a moment bro. That three chicken was, that was okay. Baked chicken. That was solid. That was solid. Yeah. Great. I used to think I was eating fine dining when I went to Boston Market. I was like shit you had a, you had a, you had a rough life bro. It it's my momma used to make Pie roast spaghetti. They got a different type of music in your background and your autobiography. That's damn what is it now? My shit player, my mama just was a, we had so many damn kids at our house had to make, had to whip up.

(26m 25s):
Yeah she had to make big syrup. But I don't fuck with Long John Silvers though. Never. That's the only one I used to just eat the, I couldn't do it. You know how they got the little hush puppies? Nah, crunchies and Crunch. Yeah that bitches Wasy. My sister used to get long. I used eat the Crunchies out that shit. I didn't like it but the batter like you said was E Lee. That hush puppies. I'm a hush puppy nigga. I I could not bro. I used to live by Long John Silver though. Over there on on 38th. 38th. Yeah. So we used my, you know that's CVS right there I used to steal from. It was Lone job right behind I that one on 71st in Michigan is still open. Probably it is. It's still silver still open. There's a few of them bro. Wow. It's a lot of places. I'm surprised niggas is keeping open like Arby's. No, that fucking dairy Queen Queen over there.

(27m 7s):
What's that? Michigan. Michigan Row. Oh why is that still churches. Why is that still? Why is that church still open? You ever, do you ever read the sign It says please do not sell drugs on my Yeah it went here so we have to pull it up. I got you. My niggas they had a sign that they said please don't do drugs in our parking lot. They went viral with that shit. Swear to God don't tell you first Michigan. Yeah they was finding syringe and stuff in the parking lot. Yep. That's a true story. And they was talking about this too. They was like anybody who eating anything hot from Dairy Queen need to be in jail. My daddy used to eat fucking a chicken nugget. Dude come with a sundae though. My daddy used to eat hot dogs from Dairy Queen and a Billy bar. What you call it? The chili dog Con The Chili D Conis bro. He used to eat that. I used to be like Mom's got a call look like me. On Guy. Yeah he used to take us up there like on Chili it's crazy ice cream.

(27m 51s):
He was like no I'm gonna get a hot dog. That motherfuck Dly bar just go crazy nigga on me. Nah, I used to get a Strawberry Glacier. I mean Blizzard Glaciers is the Dairy Queen on ML K side. That was my favorite one. You might get real, it might not be open. But that was my favorite Dairy Queen bro. That Dairy Queen on mlk. I loved it bro. I used to leave Golden Hills go straight up there Never getting Dairy Queen on there. I never, I've never went to that Dairy Queen Cookies and Cream. I used to blizzard nigga with the caramel on the side. You gotta get the caramel on the side nigga. You can put it on on a, on a motherfucker. What's the name or her nigga I'm telling you? Nah, we used to get a strawberry sundae. Strawberry. Strawberry banana Split pause. Yeah that's pause. Yeah because they, they kept they shit all they ain't cut it up for you.

(28m 33s):
Who? They crazy. I used to cut it up myself. Oh that's crazy. I to cut up myself. I used myself. It really was split. Damn are you serious? For real. It used be a long banana in there. Quit out pocket. Think the split was the strawberry in the banana. Like I don't think you're supposed to split the Hey Dairy Queen is a crazy franchise bro. Hey man they need them sponsors. I but now I like Dairy Queen Seal now. I would too but I only go to that one shit. What's it called? What Ritters? Ritters Fancy. But that customer is gun smoke. Yeah they put the lights out there. I my mama about to get burn.

(29m 15s):
She put me on back in the day. Rids Rid. They still holding on? Nah, I go out there every once in a while man. Once when my wife she like to go to that one shit and brow rip. I don't really like it though. Start with a G. What graders? Graders? Nah the other one graders now I'm talking about the one with the real ice cream. What's but Bricks or something Like you gotta Ah, bricks is solid. Yeah but you gotta go in there and get the I'm like where the glaciers and shit. I just them P Alright. Yeah Bris it's a no I mean it's like a day Cream Elite. It's like you can't get nothing special in there. You gotta go in there and get the Superman or just vanilla or just chocolate or I'd be like nigga get me this.

(29m 55s):
Throw me the fake Topps on there. Get getting Jerry type nigga though. Ice cream though. If I had to choose this is longer. It's not the store brand. If it's a store brand I'm going reject that ain't store brand. I can't, I can't eat Cole Stones when I walk in there. The smell just take me out. Yeah, I don't know what it is but I ain't never been to one over there in Tray Point. Yeah I'm gonna say Cole Stone here it is. It is too fancy for me. I don't wanna pat dollars ice cream bro. Yeah I just can't. I can't get it. But if y'all want sponsors I tap in, we got commercials Hold on. DJ Slam chickens tap in Slim Chicken Slam Chickens is heat. Fuck y'all on DoorDash? What are Slim chickens? They up there at Turner Point Chicken spot boy. Boy that them tenders bust tenders is childish but that's a great great motherfucker.

(30m 35s):
Chicken tenders is far as always Lee. I don't care what the situation is. Yeah that's a challenge. I believe in that too. Old be eating that but I believe in that Slim chicks tap in baby for sure man. Hey man, lot of news going on in the NBA shout out to Dre, you know what I'm saying? The podcast going crazy and him and bd, they had D Fox on it basically he talked about why he didn't sign that extension. He say you know what I'm saying, I wanna see if the organization gonna put themselves in the best foot forward to contend and a lot of people saying okay you know if shit gets shaky we know obviously the Kings would love to have him. Couple ideas about maybe possibly him going to Houston. How you feel about that he Fox I don't like him. He from there too. Yeah Hometown. I don't like him. Magellan Green I do. I don't like him in Houston.

(31m 15s):
Coach him up then how you gonna do it? I don't see they got the assets to give up. They us move on. They got, he explosive enough he young enough to carry a team with him and Jalen Green. I saying can they work together? Yeah they'd be explosive back court. Okay. I mean I don't, I'm not gonna compare 'em two but I as far I obviously with the chemistry but I seen him and Malik Mo make it make sense. I know that homeboy is different but kind of dynamic of a player. Kind of same mo for sure. Yeah I think I just thought that was both ball dominant but y'all, you know I'll take that point of view from it. Well if I'm on the max deal I'm the ball dominant player because D Fox, I mean Jalen Green too though bro. He need the ball. He going but I think it's enough And you got a coach like inmate he can make it work. I mean if you got Jalen Brown and Jason Tatum playing Will together, you right.

(31m 58s):
Yeah. Yeah. At any point he can make shit work. Yeah that just who y'all giving up though? They got all them wings bro. They gonna have to do Wing picks gonna have to get rid of Fred stay. Fred can stay okay. Fred is a constant player that can stay. I mean he probably, Fred won't be getting any more big deals. I'm not gonna say like them massive deals. Yeah I mean he probably still can get 15 million whatever he gonna get but he not gonna be getting like 40 million no more or whatever. And this year too of that deal too. So yeah okay. But he could still be there and be the constant pro come off the bench six man type of player. Gotta keep Thompson one of them. Thompson one of them gotta go Cam Whitmore.

(32m 40s):
One of them gotta go. We gotta Thompson probably two of them gotta go Cam Whitmore Tarson or the Thompson one of them. That one of them, two of them outta that three combination. Gotta go as long as if you keep Sun Gun to keep with Fox you can figure it out. Sun Gun, Jalen Green and Fox. That's your core. I I'm with y'all with Dylan Brooks. I can't get rid of my boy Shepherd probably re she gotta go tar Easton. Ooh shit they gotta get rid of re she Tara Easton and Ken Whitmore or they gotta be gotta Ree she, you know, or Thompson. I don't think they gonna go up to Thompson but, or they give up Pix two 'cause they could, I mean they could freak it and if they got rid of Fred Van Fleet, which obviously they won't wanna do you got, you know what I'm saying?

(33m 23s):
Young greed in the wings but they also free up some more money to get them possibly another piece too to complete that team if they gotta for that wing boy. I mean they got hella young talent but that could get them another solidified player too. Yeah, I mean yeah you could get rid of. I think I like about Van Flea is if y'all really trying to win, obviously you got a plan for the future. But if you go get Dion Fox, he's the future what he like 25, 26, he young he gonna be there for another five, six years. So Reed Shepherd really ain't gonna never get that shot. He could turn to Peyton Pritchard and then you be pissed. But Van Fleet, he like a Win Now type player. Straight up champion and if you go get Fox, I feel like you trying to win now that'd be a hell of a look man. I would probably get rid of, I'm thinking about it now.

(34m 5s):
I'd probably get rid of Van Fleet and keep Reid though because he could turn into some shit and and Van Fleet cold to me. I always proven player champion man. But like you said D Fox especially coming back to the crib. Yes. That leads me to my next question for y'all. I know it's been a lot of smut, you know what I'm saying? Talking about the viewership of the game, quote unquote being watered down or being bad product. Do you think the league needs to probably pivot more into pushing more of team whether than stars because they tried to do the Euro push and it seems like it's not really translating for them. Should they focus more about the team and build the teams back up? Yeah, I think the better the teams, the better the product. Like if you got a bunch of good teams, like that year when everybody had, it was like a wide open year.

(34m 47s):
I don't remember who won it but we didn't know who was the best team. Even like when I was in the league and we had the Atlanta, we went on our little run. Yeah we had Atlanta popping and it was like okay we can watch the Atlanta Hawks, we could put the Atlanta Hawks on TV because they're a good team. We know they're gonna have a good game. That's a fact. Like we can watch them like I think that's good for the game. Like right now Washington was on a NBA game and it was mainstream, whatever you wanna say, a national TE televised game, nobody will watch it. True. Because they know the product gonna be bad. And it's a bunch of teams like that now. Like it's bro for sure. And then they, they kind of like little bit of a pushback I've been seeing as well. They're just like, okay well NBA should be happy because you're getting these smaller market teams that's having great seasons but you're not pushing them enough.

(35m 29s):
Like kcs been solid for two years, they're not getting pushed quote unquote enough. Some those small market teams, they have like you have to put them in a light. But I'm like, that's kind of tough as well. 'cause you know people wanna see what they wanna see. Yeah but like some of them low budget, I mean low market teams got stars. Like SGA is a star. Chuck is a star. We even want to see them most definitely NBA just doing a bad job not putting them on tv. It's just the marketing. Yeah. That's all the players. The teams are there. You just gotta highlight some of those smaller market teams is there to some of the better teams. But in the league right now, some of them small market teams are ass though. Like Spurs, even though they got Weby and like Wendy's always on tv, people wanna see, but when they do see 'em it's like a terrible game.

(36m 13s):
Yeah. They like, they rarely have games where it's like, oh my god, this was an amazing game to watch. It's like bad. Yeah. We don't wanna see Toronto versus the Wizards never bad. And that's like TT at the end of the night. Like that first Christmas game is New York versus first like unless Win comes out and has a historic game, bro, it's gonna be built to ass. I'm gonna go back to fucking eating pot and shit. I ain't about to watch that's a 12 o'clock game. That might be a niggas might still go to sleep like, oh we we might go crazy. It's in the garden though, right? Yeah, yeah. It has to be in the, it's a game

(36m 43s):
y'all. As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC,

(37m 15s):
This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.

(38m 17s):
Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Ho Toko from the Today Show. We love this time of year, there's so much to celebrate. That's Right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for Everyone on your list. So join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the Holidays.

(38m 46s):
We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan From the director of Walk the Line at Ford versus Ferrari. Anyone Who's gonna hold your attention on stage, you have to kind of be a freak And starring Timothy Shaima as Bob Dylan. Are You a freak? Hope so. Upon a Inspired by the true story, I want to know which side he's on Then you This Christmas. They Just want be s sing. I'm blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. Bobby, what do you wanna be? Whatever it is they don't want me to be. How does he feel? He defied everyone, turn It down. Play loud To change everything is our Elvis With no direct change.

(39m 30s):
Timothy Chalamet, Edward Norton, L Fanny, Monica Barro. Make some noise. BD track some mud on carpet. A complete unknown only in theater's. Christmas day under 17 nine. Middle without parent Attention.

(39m 46s):
Parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Make holiday gifting stress free with guardian bikes with guaranteed one to two day shipping for just $29 you can trust your gift will arrive in time to create magical memories this holiday season. Plus sign up for their newsletter to receive a free bike log and pub with your first Burges, the perfect stocking stuffer for any kid on your list. Visit guardian bikes.com to secure the ultimate holiday gift today. Happy riding.

(40m 57s):
I personally, I mean I get it. It's when be. I personally feel like that's like watching the Lion y'all walk but now the lions is is fruitful now though. Yeah, before but every years. Before it was. It's Milwaukee though. They should have put Milwaukee verse Nix. Yep. Because it can give us like a moment. Been who at TL versus Knicks. I was hoping it was Pacer Knicks after the playoffs last year. Yeah, but y'all down all right. Yeah Y'all damn. Yeah but I mean the Pace Knicks is a cool vibe but y'all don't really got the rivalry like nah y'all don't got nobody. We feel that the Knicks hate like Trey Young. I get what you're saying. Like we know S Mu ct, we know the Knicks. Hey Tre. Yeah, I mean that be my ctd but I would've liked to see Giannis and I mean I've seen it before.

(41m 39s):
They played on Christmas day before but like to not have Milwaukee with two top 75 players. Yeah. Not to play on Christmas is crazy. Yeah. And also at the same token, it's just like okay that made this tournament. So hopefully some of those teams that didn't get exposure got the exposure. But I'm like you still have to push 'em like throughout the year. Like it's hard enough. We already talked about this before for just to watch a local team bro. So if you already got small market team that's overachieving quote unquote bro, you have to push the hell out. I should've just been all the young guys that's killing whatever team they own. Let all the youngest play against each other. What is it? Four or five games on Christmas? Just let all the young stars kill. Yeah. Five. Fuck yeah. Y'all put y'all could have put instead of fucking who?

(42m 20s):
Y'all just say that's playing New York. Spurs. Spurs. Yeah. Y'all could have put the fucking rockets on there. Jesus. Nobody would've Watch what I'm saying though. Like because if wouldn be don't kill everybody like damn what the fuck? Pray to God with me. Don't get hurt before. But I'm just saying bro, it's kind of like oh bro that's tough that that missed Christmas, that game. Yeah like yeah if he don't play on Christmas day because that 70, the 76ers playing on Christmas and they are please playing B that's I'm bro on a block play youngest play bro. Nobody really wanna see the six play bro. Maybe MB might get out there for 10 minutes y'all. They did at the beginning of season when the schedule came out we wanted see. Oh yeah. You know I was not on them. I'm saying as of now I'm saying schedules already set.

(43m 0s):
I wish I could remix it. No, I'm saying IY you to pull the NFL because the year they be like oh them nigga flex. Nah, that's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. Y'all can damn near like nah we ain't fuck with y'all, y'all bullshitting because it's all our predictions. Of course like yeah. But it is what it is for sure. I wanted to ask y'all, oh go ahead. No I just think it's the brand of basketball. Like people like watching quality shit. Like you like the fly quality, you like quality shoes, quality clothes, all that shit. It is like the brand, like when you watch a game, like if I see a team shoot 55 threes and I ain't got a bunch of shooters like I expect Steph Curry to shoot threes, I expect certain people to shoot threes.

(43m 43s):
But if they not, I don't wanna see Yanna shooting threes or I don't want to see Joker shooting 20 threes or no. You know what I mean? It's like the way you play. Right. And I think styles make GA great fights but also like styles make great quality. Like watching Milwaukee and Oklahoma City. Even though Oklahoma City shot it bad, it was just like dang that's a good battle. Like I know SGA gonna shoot the mid, I know it's gonna be a iso. We gonna see SGA go crazy. Even though he was shooting bad, we knew like I'm gonna get a highlight out of this game 'cause Dame gonna do something. Gianni's gonna do something. SGA gonna gimme something. It ain't just gonna be a whole bunch of threes and all that shit.

(44m 24s):
And like you said, even though the score got lopsided later on, the competition aspect that Yeah but everybody's just like, okay, maybe they play too many games. I'm like well you know why they play so many the games because of the money and the CPA and all the aspects around that. But even if you made the stuff shorter, I mean people gonna care when they care. It's a very long season bro. Nah. Yeah. I mean we care 'cause we know how you gonna compete in the playoffs. That's why everybody watched the playoffs. Like they gonna compete like, hey who cares Washington play like bro, we just seen him make somebody fall and point at him and they down 15. Hey did you see his response? He was like, oh he is like you watch first take Stephen, they was talking about you. He was like, yeah that's barbershop talk. I don't care about that. I fuck with Jordan Pool bro. That's why you gotta come on this motherfucker. Nah, I fuck with Jordan Pop.

(45m 4s):
He nice. I'm just saying like if you a viewer, if you just an average fan, you not gonna watch that. Yeah. If I pulled up to the Wizards game to see the Celtics and I seen that, I'm sure, Hey, Mike got his own personal lemon drop today. Thank you so much. Turn up. You got a lemon drop Mike. He got a bitch. We outside tonight. The measurements. That's crazy. Bitch we outside. That's funny. You fry for that. But I wanted to ask y'all this too while we here man, people complaining about the new All Star setup and we obviously out there think it's stupid, but who's to blame for this?

(45m 44s):
The NBA or the players? The players. The NBA. Oh I say the NBA bro. Well why you feel this? The NBA brother? I feel like they make the rules. Players just play in the game. I don't think who, who y'all think went in there and said, Hey y'all, let's switch this shit up. They like, all right. Nah. The players made it where it was almost like the joke. Joke. Yeah because they don't want like Allstar is a lot. I know I only went once but that's just, that was enough though for you to experience. Yeah, it's a lot like you gotta do a lot of shit and you gotta think of you got a disadvantage of making an Allstar team. It's, it is like a, it's a dope thing, you know what I mean? You get acknowledged it's one of the better players in the league.

(46m 24s):
Right. Whatever it is. But you gotta think it's a whole other 300 other players who on vacation. Mm. They chilling. They resting up while you doing all these activities. You going to do NBA carriers, you going to do all this shit this whole weekend to go play in this game that you really don't wanna play in because you really like, damn, that motherfucker got eight days off. I got three. Yeah. And especially before they changed it up. Yeah, I was getting back to work two days after. Yeah, yeah. Now it's a little bit of a CE period. But like you said beforehand, people don't understand. I mean it's a blessing, but all of the obligations y'all have is all stars. I had full schedules from Friday, Saturday, even some events probably before on Sunday now until the actual stuff, that boy is ripping the runway.

(47m 8s):
My god. I was doing all type of shit. Especially, but I mean as, I mean people who keep making and making 'em, eventually they like, Hey man, I'm gonna show up for the game. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like I'm just showing up for the practice. Ron came Sunday in this motherfucker. Yeah. You know what I mean? I'm showing up for the practice in the game. That's it. Like I ain't doing none of that shit or whatever. And it's still fun. I know people like being acknowledged for with the greatness or whatever they doing, but a lot of them players be wishing they could just go like I seen people really not be mad. They ain't make the All Star team. Jimmy Bullock was like, like I get to go on vacation for five days, rest my body, do this and get ready for this grind we about to get back to or whatever. Yeah. So it's just different. So you think players just, and they don't wanna get hurt like you get hurt in the All-Star game that look like that look crazy.

(47m 53s):
Yeah. You like what we doing? I, I just, I own my only beef and I agree with you bro. It is a lot for y'all to do but I just think it just while y'all in the game give us that fourth quarter. I don't know the like the layout but that fourth quarter event, that's why I say, I said it on the morning show. I miss Kobe Bryant bro. 'cause it was like damn my nigga let's compete for this six minutes at least. Yeah. You done fan something bro? Yeah. Like nah, I think they should move it to like after the season I know it's a money thing and at the midway point it gives you a break for the midway point. And also, but like people not gonna ever like they gonna, they might play hard for the this Allstar game for six minutes or whatever. But it's too risky bro. You said treated like the pro ball?

(48m 34s):
Yeah like if I go down and try to do a chase down block and ah, somebody pun fake and they land on me and now we hurt. Nigga you got hurt chasing somebody down the fucking Allstar game. Sit your ass down, you know what I mean? Like but y'all want me to play hard now to play hard honest and roll his ankle in the Allstar game or some shit. Ben Simmons was hurt an open gym so I get it Lord. The end season tournament should take place for middle of the season and then Allstar weekend during like summer league type stuff. I mean just like right after like All Star should be like during the championship run. Like if you don't make like the championship and play in it, like you can be acknowledged as like if you on that break like you about to go into the series.

(49m 19s):
Yeah kinda like Pro Bowl. Yeah like y all y'all made it to the finals now we gonna have an Allstar game Allstar weekend right before the finals. All Star weekend will be lit. We knows so crazy that we niggas is off. That's like our first stretch for vacation. Oh yeah. Fresh off. But you got a lot of people like they gonna be like fuck this because I'm off work for next six months. It I mean curse I'm saying but I mean yeah a gift for the curse. That's a gift for the curse. Yeah, that's the animal right there to you. I mean oh I've gotta be here all got training camp too. Parties would be what boys would really be drunk on the court. Nevermind he get the same way you did. I don't know. It's just so crazy that we even at a point that we were just trying to throw shit at the wall.

(50m 1s):
See if it sticks because like I, we sound out the old niggas right now but them all-star games bro. We look forward to seeing the, our favorite players getting a chance to go got each other and be on the same team bro. And they in game shape though. That's what make it good in the middle of the season so they actually can play hard. But man that was like them old days bro. Like old dude said he broke his face, he broke Kobe nose in the Allstar game. D White like niggas ain't trying to do that. Yeah, like you breaking my nose in Allstar game. I'm really mad. Yeah because like I mad you a different type of nigga though, but like why you doing that? Kobe tries like, ah yeah nigga, that's what he tell. Yeah like Kobe's a different monster bro, bro. I'm like bro why is you swiping down that hard? You hate when niggas play hard in open gym.

(50m 42s):
Nah, you can play hard like I'm don't undercut me like nigga damn like bro, but I'm saying you turned up like all right bro my nigga you, you, you guard now about to bust your ass. Yeah, yeah. Yeah Kobe. Kobe gets like a thrill outta that. So him breaking his nose he be like D Wade, this is cool bro. I'm a, I'm gonna get a new one. My thing is bro a new one That's crazy bro. Was only one Kobe. I be said that stuff. Yeah but Kobe my bro it was only one Kobe for a reason bro. I know it was bro but I'm just saying but he's the last one that era. Who, who could hold that intensity to it. I wouldn't be Kobe. I just missed that competitive shit bro. It gonna get it kept niggas in line bro. It's gonna get back to that. I miss Iversson bro. Iverson wanted to win. I missed them type niggas bro. Come on bro. Tmac off the back like those were historic moments in basketball.

(51m 22s):
I, I'm Vince Carter bro like that. I just feel like they kept the Allstar game at least lit bro. Competition's. Why you gotta get, you gotta get somebody that's a young Allstar who trying to prove itself like I think like this. Nah, Anthony Edwards already proven Bar b Anthony Edwards is another one that he won win. He might, yeah but he a Olympian now. He, he cool. You gotta get like some young dude that ain't really super hungry. Yeah like I'm trying to think of somebody who might make the All Star team that we'd be surprised like who having a good year that we own. Like who we talked about. He like damn they should make it like a a Jalen Johnson. Oh my. He would come out there and play hard 'cause he trying to prove his himself like I supposed to be here. Yeah. Like yeah even like a Franz wagon. Like somebody that like I'm trying to be here.

(52m 4s):
I'm trying to hear y'all. He really cold too. Franz cold trying to get here. He told us early bro. Yeah. Jaylen Johnson too though bro. Nah, easy elite bro. He just, I don't know. I don't know bro. He really different. He nice but I just, I don't know the Allstar game gonna be what it is. I don't think it's gonna ever get Yeah back to where Kobe and them was. I don't, I just don't see that unless like Anthony Edwards the new up and coming stars like hey we gonna play hard. It's what it is. But if they race the stakes like they did for this in season tournament, yeah you might see a differential different energy bro. For sure they got incentivized for sure. I know y'all, y'all don't wanna do it but just do it. Put a put a M up y'all can do it. If they put a million up for oh niggas a sham guy or like 500,000 each for the the one and not to charity To my pockets.

(52m 50s):
Yeah to they pockets. Yeah they'll play hard for 500,000 losers and make the losers get a hundred. Yeah. Niggas would be, oh I'll take 500 over a hundred. Nicks still like money, you know? Yeah, no facts. Even though it's od they could even get to a point where they used to do like the baseball formula. Alright whatever conference we ain't get home court in the finals. Nah that's not, that's too true. See look that's too true because you gotta think about the conferences like the West got way more niggas like, you know what I mean? They load up and then I'll be shitty if we lose and like say Brian and like Brian starting, he make the All Star team but they a 10th in the West. Like you really ain't got no, you ain't even got no dog in the fight. Like that's a fact. Nigga's see the fuck your season up. Yeah that's a up him out.

(53m 31s):
He in the 10th in the west. No. Nah how bad you went with his chip bro. Yeah, like I mean what I'm, I'm I'm them, I'm a hater. Fuck him like that's interesting man. That's crazy Allstar game. We gotta get well soon man. That's historic moment for us man. Hopefully the get get that feeling as well man. Did y'all see Pat Mahomes when he get this O line? No it was near the holidays and shit. But did y'all see what he gave them for Christmas break? No get them man. He gave him a Rolex little chess boots. Don't know what those are. Chelsea. Oh Chelsea Boots. Oh damn them them cost a little bit. Yeah I'm articulate with with them a brunch nigga outfit with a Fedor. Yeah. Yeah for sure. The gold chain you gotta have DC on with them Chelsea.

(54m 12s):
Yeah I I see a couple niggas in my hair pause right now that I can see where the outfit Frank got that on right now. You know Frank Nigga you lifting Shout out to my nigga Frank. Oh I I so my different Frank too. Frank Who? Oh that Frank, they yeah both of them. Franks both got that outfit off. Got that for shout out to my nigga Frank Brunch. Frank? Yeah. Okay. Bru Frank is a crazy nickname that he definitely got the Fedor with that on. Yeah. Yeah I see it some Oakleys and some Norm Tech was the Revital law shit. And he spent the penny boy.

(54m 53s):
I know the quarterback he probably got some of, he probably got some of that shit for free. That was awesome. Sponsor shit. Norm Tech probably free. He's sponsored by Oakley. Yeah Oakley definitely free Daddy wear him all the time. Yeah Oakley free to Real. Yeah is definitely free Rolex, he definitely got a situation with him as he probably got a Roley situation. Who was our, who was our sponsorship because we got popcorn this year. Well sleep The Volume. I don't popcorn but Right on Dore. Shout to the team. We love The Volume. Shout out to the team man. Yes, shout to the team bro. Hey listen I, I got a, I got a pyramid for y'all. I like caramel though. Shout out to Lafayette scored Caramel popcorn. Y'all. That's what to get at the movies. Y'all said y'all get caramel popcorn in the movies?

(55m 33s):
Nah, just straight straight busted down Buttery? Yeah, straight regular butter. Okay. I'm actually going to the movies this Sunday. Whatcha you gonna see theater in this house still pulling up Sonic that support right there. You gonna Sonic too. I mean I'm about Sunday. See Sonic on come out this weekend. We going Sonic, we gonna two movies gonna Sonic and see Lion King. That's probably cool. You gonna play for both of them. I used Love Video Game or you gonna, nah. Yeah so used to go crazy bro. Steal Son. A game was busting back in the day on Sega. Ah. Hell yeah. Oh one of the best games ever. Sonic Knuckles bro. Lee Bro Top one of the best, one of the best games ever. Somebody made a period basketball movies. I wanted to see how y'all felt about this. I'm gonna start with the bottom tier like Mike Celtic Pride.

(56m 17s):
The fuck is that? You ever seen Celtic Pride? No, David Wayne, Jeff and that. Oh you need to see that bro. You steal the, they steal the dude right when they kidnapped David Waynes? Yeah they kidnapped, he played Far Movie. How y'all don't have the goat movie on there? Hold on, you ain't even let me get through the list so I got you. Oh. Uncut Gyms Hustle. Those are two solid movies. Semipro, they got them fucked up. They need to move higher and Gigi, nobody cares about that. The the second or lowest tier Love basketball Blue Chips. Mm Best movie ever. Six Man. Mm Space Jam. They really got shit fucked up. And then Uncle Drew Space Jam has to be higher sold as Blue Chips. Oh that's a, that's a ranking. Yeah this is like a pyramid right here. So this is at the bottom number one?

(56m 58s):
No at the bottom tier. Oh they have like like at the bottom tier. Where is he got game? No we we getting there. So the third tier which is three above the rim, sunset Park and Glory Road. Glory Road Fire. Yeah it is my life. That movie is gun Smoke and I'm not even no movie nigga but that right there. Glory Road Fire bro. I fuck with Above the rim. I know it's the same cut scene or the dude hit the same jump shot 18 times in a row. I don't care that he hooped in the thermal bro. That's an elite movie to me bro. I fuck with the above rim. That's a ghetto. Classic for sure. So at Sunset Park? Yeah I like Sunset Park because Warren was the same age for like 20 years. I fuck with Sunset Park. Yeah boy Glory Row was different bro. And the second tier you got Hoosiers tied with Coach Carter and then White Men can't jump.

(57m 42s):
White man can't jump as far never seen Hoosiers Hoosiers ass. You never seen Hoosiers? No. Nah, obvious see that shit. And I went to Butler which is crazy. That boy had a clip Hoosiers and what's up on there. Daddy didn't want him to Hoo he got, oh he got game. Excuse me, coach Carter, coach Carter a fire coach. Carter's a classic White man. Can't jump is number one to me though. Number one above them was he got game. Yeah you know that that's the worst acting movie. But you Ray Ray Ray though. Yeah he got about basketball come he game for our bro. I ain't gonna lie. Blue Chips is better than I take Blue Chips over. He got gang for me. I ain't mad at you for that. Nasty Blue Chips is a fire movie that more because reals real story real nigga niggas getting paid bro.

(58m 25s):
For real you got Penny and Shaqs be in your movie and for that to have the origin story of how Penny got to the Magic Fired. Yeah bro. Nah that's I'm aint mad at Blue Chips my number bro. I'm still laughing. If I don't play here no more my mama gotta go back. You damn right right. Yeah motherfucker's real shit. Yeah. Are you boys out here on the NIL Listen. Yeah they would be gone just as fast as comes through. That's bad. Keep slipping through the cracks though man. They like Mike that s off your name Biz. I don't like, yeah like Mike gotta be harder that bro. They said like Mike better than love basketball. I don't said that Tres one. I'm not a fan of loving basketball but I, I'd much rather watch it. Yeah I'm not watch, I watch Love basketball ever so now why? Oh y'all nigga's crazy. Have you ever seen that video? So now I like the did I seen that what?

(59m 8s):
Diddy and my tennis so now I like I'm sorry put that one on your nice. What's that? What website that on boy It's all over hex.com It ain't mine. She's like you ain't seen it. Ain't no double tape on my website. All ISOs. She sitting on lap. Diddy like so. Nah say what's up Ana. She like crazy. I look crazy. Don't put me on there. Yeah that's so, but French Montana used to beat her back out though. I don't know about Diddy though. That's crazy. You know what, I was mad at her when she cut her hair though. I was hot. I wasn't, I'm not my hair. Yeah who was that? Ire Trash. Hey so we're Ire rank on the Spectrum on the, she ain't nowhere near on the spectrum.

(59m 53s):
That is a black educated woman. I'm not, I'm not on the spectrum. I shouldn't say the spectrum. I mean like thank you on the looks on the looks spectrum. On the looks. You said she's like Mike in this conversation she look like my uncle Jerome. Hey y'all be seeing that nigga in his uncle Love Roast. That's my favorite shit bro. I swear to God that's my favorite shit. Nah, shout to Ire. Just not my cup of tea. I think India ire is pretty respect. I think Ind Ire or Angie Stone in D Ire. Angie Stone probably got some yells. I'm cool. Them thighs usually match. I ain't gonna watch, I ain't gonna find up. I'm gonna bring that for over here. I'm bring that, I bring that motherfucker Julius Irv over here.

(1h 0m 38s):
Cool for you Crank. You crack ire before. Edgy Stone is nuts. I like her songs better. Sometimes I shame my hair sometimes I don't black. That's a hell that's like a nigga s hey why you pull it up? Hey look what he pulled up She decent bro. That who? Ire. Oh you can't see that? Okay. Motherfuckers Volume boxing. What all that popcorn? How did I feel about Six Men Golded movie. It was a good movie. I I fuck with six. That's another hood class. You though. I wasn't mad at Six Men. I I was actually sad when they killed my nigga in the beginning bro. Anton that kind of fucked up the whole movie because they was supposed to, if anybody dies it's always the other one bro.

(1h 1m 22s):
Always let Marlon the good nigga. I mean the good one always die. It'd be the sad one. Yeah. Hey Marlon, like Ricky and Doughboy. That was crazy bro. That hit home bro. Ricky Couldn Zigb. Yeah he wasn't go, he couldn't go to C running like that. Mike. That picture of who the fuck is that? That's my, no it ain't, that ain't my, that might be brother. I was about to say something. Nope, nope. You know who she look. Nope. That's disrespectful. I know what you were about to say. No, Jeff, look at that picture. Who does that look like? No, that not look like Irv does that Look Jeff don't look like Irv if they had a face go up.

(1h 2m 11s):
I can't tell. I'll tell you. The pod Who? Doesn Mike screenshot that on the computer. Screenshot on the computer as funny as hell. What? What we got bro? Y'all know gotta get outta here. What what she, what's her name? Him? Nope. Gonna do him. That's a kid. He play by just that name out. Nah, just trying to figure out who he's, nah man, y'all are crazy man. My black bro last not least I like that song though. Last, last. When we get outta here man. Juju plays Iowa on the same day that they're retiring. Kayla's jersey. I hope she get 50.

(1h 2m 51s):
Yeah, everybody on the streets just like, I hope she goes fucking crazy. Everyone, she, everyone's all ceremony. I hope she gets 50 and do it like Paul Pear ceremony. No, so too but I I thought y'all wanted talk, talk about LeBron, wasn't it LeBron went fucking crazy or something. Yeah. Yeah. I thought y'all wanted to talk about sitting outside the car waiting for your girl to Oh yeah. Get out the club. Oh yeah. You, you've been a busy man this week on the, on the internet streets. Yeah. You know what I'm gonna say it here. Yeah please do. I I don't take back nothing. I said but I, I apologize for calling that girl out her name. I was just mad at the moment. Yeah I didn't fuck with that. But Travis, her saying that Travis was sitting out in the car waiting for her.

(1h 3m 32s):
You out of pocket. Have you ever said out in the car and waiting for some girl to party and pick him up? Never in my life. I pull up after the party I scoop you. But as far as me being your Uber for the evening, there's no way I'm your taxi. I can't do it man. And then my girl getting on there saying, well he basically, he was a cheater. We would've been done. Why you telling my personal businesses? Yeah you, you snitching you cannot she god me, you, you saying and now I think that's the whole thing. Like I know it's a lot of people being worried about the topic, you know what I'm saying? We had our opinion about it but the whole point about it is is just like hey yes you have to treat him differently.

(1h 4m 13s):
Whatever y'all business is just y'all business. Nah, keep that at home. Ain't nobody else supposed to know about that. Somebody on Twitter at a very interesting point. We ain't hear Savannah voice until LeBron was like three or four years in the league. Yeah. Hey man. Yeah. Hold it down. Whatever y'all got going on. That's cool. Y'all deserve to be happy. It ain't nobody else's business. No sure. But don't tell on me. The optics is already crazy. And then don't after I'm sitting here defending you, you don't do an eight minute alive shit on me. Some more. You coming my back in Travis really made me apologize bro because he like my girl was drinking and then the video comes out. She had one of them barbers video comes out her saying well Travis was cheating. I wasn't attracted at first. I Why would you tell on me? So because you made yourself to me it made you look bad.

(1h 4m 55s):
Like he was trying to cheat with you and you okay Yeah I'm gonna take him. Yeah, well he got, he is a good football player obviously you're gonna take him now. Oh yeah but you shouldn't have said that now. Made yourself look a little Yeah you could have just kept quiet. You didn't need that video. All you gotta do is shut up. Everything go away. Yeah, that's how it goes. Yeah. Shut up. Right dude, be quiet. Another news cycle. Some bullshit gonna happen. Y'all be skate free. But no niggas always gotta get up and talk about Double down tell us more things that we do not need to know. Y'all deserve to be happy live however y'all wanna live. But I swear to God he weird for waiting for her outside of Club. I would've said you better get it out the mud. And that was one of her reasons. Shout out to my dog. They locked in though. That's what had me tight. Yeah you shut up saying that's one of the reasons why y'all locked in.

(1h 5m 38s):
'cause my nigga used to drop you off and pick y'all up like it's crazy. Nah, she said he used to wait in the car party. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Party. I'm not even leaving. I'm in the, I'm I'm gonna stay in the parking lot nigga you the best football part in the fucking country. Sitting in the parking lot out here. Me an Uber Ain't no way. Nah he, she, he, he def nah I know what you was doing Travis. I used to parking lot Pimp. I know what he doing. That's some fluff. That nigga used to be in a parking lot getting on them hoes. Hopefully. Yeah I know what he was for the sake of I I pray I used to park lot for the sake of Tyler Perry as story. Yeah. Y'all see oh fuck all that. We gotta keep going. Yeah y'all see Kurt Franklin with them braids pull 'em up now go to Kirk.

(1h 6m 21s):
He got braids now boy. He got braids looking like Shamar Moore in that motherfucker Tyler damn. Talking about wait a minute, move over Denzel. What? Excuse me. What bro? Probably he about be in the movie bro. He about to be in the movie. I know it look crazy though. Praises wicky. He might be in the movie go to if you go to ig. Yeah Kirk Franklin have fil his Hlu bras is crazy. Yeah it's filthy. Check him out. Yeah that's for a movie. Yeah I know it is for a movie but they gotta get him a different role. That nigga look like though. Yeah. What a mannequin at What far as him or when Tyrese had that fake beard it was dressed like Marvin Gaye. That that's, that's why he's in a prison outfit. Like Kurt Franklin is not a good thing.

(1h 7m 3s):
Tyree is a legendary nigga boy. I I don't get that. See y'all shoulda gave him that because he gonna go back to his old ways. He got, he gotta start tapping in the shit. He ain't wanna tap into no more. He had to get a different back. Yeah, he's a method actor. That's Vix Ain't no more melodies from heaven bitch. Hey when Colombo say Method actors, they get in that role. Yeah they get that role. He gonna start tapping into some shit. He supposed tap into one time for art nigga Colombo. He spoke the truth. He he look at, he probably like yeah I need to, I need to lock all the way in. 'cause you know when you in jail they got phones done they gotta watch. It's crazy.

(1h 7m 44s):
Usually your commissary for the is tough. That is a wild story to tell the public and you gotta go back home and tell your wife what you just told the people. That's the, I think that's the craziest part about lot stuff. I couldn't imagine tearing my shit up if my girl at the crib. I know niggas is freaky. Niggas get they shit off, you know what I mean? But that's wild bro. In the basement is nuts though. That's wild bro. Shout, shout to him though man. Why kill me bro. Your lady right there is is that's ill bro. He said I'm cool. I can do it myself. Nah swag. That's crazy bro. I can do it myself. Come on bro. Yes, her bro. Ain't no way go ice on the old crib. It's crazy. But do what you wanna do man. Love what you wanna love man yourself.

(1h 8m 24s):
Well importantly tell yourself do how freak you gotta be bro. Your lady is in the crib bro. And you downstairs in the basement of the ca. He date a Christian woman. That probably girl we already married turn that motherfucker upside. Damn. She probably ain't doing nothing bro. That ain. Christian Women probably got the best bro. I mean shout to Apostolics shit. Nah, nope. Why not? I don't know about no Apostolics. That motherfucker skirt. They wear dresses to sleep. Yeah nigga they sleeping scratches crazy. Nah bro, they wear pajamas bro. Oh, I didn't know because I thought you couldn't wear like my homeboy growing up, he couldn't wear shorts. He used to be outside hooping in the summer in jeans, busty ass all day's crazy.

(1h 9m 9s):
Whoever nigga was was a hoe nigga. Your parents life as hell got you doing that stupid ass shit nigga. Jesus ain't never told your bitch ass to wear Levi's all day. Ho ass nigga. How you gonna play a sport in Levi's? Your stupid ass. I, I swear to God I hate niggas who obey they period sometimes. Bitch, if you ever try to make me wear these motherfucking Levis all day and not wearing shorts, you outta fucking pocket. Oh man, let's get the fuck outta here. That made me mad. Before we get here, let's go up outta here and tell people they can grab some I'm qualifi com man ass.

(1h 9m 52s):
We'll be back next time. We appreciate y letting bitch walk all over him. We got shorts website, The Volume.

(1h 10m 9s):
Hey there, it's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again Podcast life. Short talk Fast stream Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments and awkward Friday night dinners with Lorelei Rory and the eclectic mix of characters. Whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time. Hulu has you covered. It's a show, it's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.

(1h 10m 45s):
Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.

(1h 11m 16s):
We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan From the director of Walk the Line at Ford versus Ferrari. Anyone is Gonna hold your attention on stage. You have to kinda be a freak And starring Timothy Shamima as Bob Dylan. Are You a freak? Hope so. Upon Inspired by the true story, I wanna know Which side he's on This Christmas. They Just want me saying, I blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. Bobby, what do you wanna be? Whatever it is they don't want me to be. How Does he feel? He defied everyone, turn It down, play live To change everything.

(1h 11m 58s):
He's our Elvis With no direction. Timothy Chalamet, Edward Norton, L Fanny, Monica Barro. Make some noise. Bd track some mud on complete unknown. A complete unknown. Only in theater's. Christmas day under 17 nine, middle without parent.

(1h 12m 16s):
Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just This overall sense of community that values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting and loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home at Explore Minnesota dot com slash live.

(1h 12m 45s):
Welcome to TGL presented by SoFi Golf's newest league. It's sharp and it's electric. How is it sharp? How is it electric? Good questions. Try this on for size. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime, forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24 of the best players from the PGA tour split into six teams. Atlanta, Boston, Jupiter, la, New York, and the Bay. This isn't your average Sunday pickup game. Catch the inaugural TGL match January 7th only on ESPN. Keep up. It's golf.