
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play. If you turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out bose.com.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that right? The Fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space. Every week we bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment you've come to expect from the fantasy footballers only now it's from the dynasty perspective. Join me in the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal. Doja Cat to a Lipa. Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier. Keith Urban. New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi. The Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Red Victoria. Monet Cold Plays. Chris Martin Hand More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there at axs com, the Volume.


All right man, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wells. Same game with me to my left. My dog Bishop e He out the Leys Fresh off the airplane. Straight into works. We ain't gonna trip on you being outta uniform by you. What Nasty Good baby man. New York is a vibe. Usher was a good time. Shout out to my people out there. I fuck with it. I fuck with it. I had a good time. Did you see the Real Usher or the or the or the mannequin challenge? No, it wasn't a play one. No, we saw, we saw the real one. Usher on them skates though. Pause was amazing bro. Like all them people being coordinating dancing on skates like that bro. Never seen that. Shout to the people who went and got the The fake usher. Yeah man.


Refund them people bro. That's out pocket. But what is the T-Mobile performance is crazy. I ain't, I ain't see that. Yeah bro. Dude on stage just staring bro. It's like bro, that's not Usher bro. You know with the promoter don't pay the nigga all this money. So they just get up to if I put the crown, that's what bro was on. Damn. That's crazy man. Have you had a good trip? My boy? To my right, my doll Young Nacho Young tee. How you up? Man, I'm chilling man. Starting to get that, you know that that fall weather, that's my favorite weather. I get the wear hoodies and shit, but I looked at the weather about to be about 80 degrees next week. Crazy. Yeah, gonna say this Indiana, so you know how it go. But nah, I'm chilling man. I ain't really feel like putting no shoes on.


So these are really about the dope. These are like my house shoes. Damn. Damn bro. The off whites. Yeah, these are my house shoes for sure. I wear these all the time. I be working out on these sometimes. Shout out to my dog Mike. He been working out with me for the last shit, what, two weeks? Yeah, I'm in pain still. One nigga man, he been doing his thing. Mike about to be on IR or something man. He trying know what I trying to get ready. Are we still be to do Upper Body? Yeah, with your boot. Okay. Pause. He crazy. He's outta shape niggas bro. Don't worry about this bro. With the boot that's made it for you. No, So I, I went golf the another day. Right. And like dude randomly he, he knew I was doing the podcast and was like I be seeing DJ at at the Wild like all the time working out.


He's like I want the for his autograph and I ain't wanna be weird. Yeah, That's crazy. I older girl, he was eating there every day. I see him every day. So this nigga's a sweat. Really? Okay. I'm, I'm really usher 'cause I don't be in there every day nigga. It's a fake sometimes. Damn. So no skinned nigga be there all the time. I use my pizza on the gym all the time. Hey ain't shout still. Hey you ain't supposed to be golfing nigga. I gotta get it in what I Can. Yeah. Shout out to the YI just drive past that motherfucker For sure. Hey man football season in full effect. You know what I'm saying? We started off the the weekend the right way. Got shout to the coach man.


Get well soon man. Had a tough game. Gets to Texas. Listen the coach have not won to open a game since 2013 which I think is crazy. Yeah but the city is always better when the coach is good. So shout out to the coach man. They gonna be solid this year. Shout out to ar went crazy. I'm excited for the NFL season this year because I feel like it's gonna be a lot more even than everybody think it is man. I don't think it's, it is. You got a couple top heavy teams but it is going to Denver be a crazier in football this year 'cause everybody's Denver just decent. No that was a good ass game though. That was a fire game. I wish they would've came out with the W though but that was a fire game for sure. Man we gotta clean up our defense a little bit. Other than that we'd be straight though. The offense look cool. Hey Rich. Yeah. Hey Rich was nice. Yeah man they they they gonna be all right.


A and I don't like that he get the slander that he was getting. Who cares about preseason football? Nobody gives a fuck about that realistically. Yeah Anthony Richard is col and even in some of the plays like his two touchdown long downfield bombs bro. To be able to slip and fall throw the ball 60 yards is crazy. Yeah he strong motherfucker. Yeah that nigga different bro. He's definitely different way. He drug the motherfuckers in the end zone with him is crazy bro. And watching that play from a different angle is even crazy 'cause there was nothing else that he could've did but go make that play happen bro. That's crazy. Coach's gonna have a good year. He gave me like a baby cam Newton vibe. Not for real. Yeah I was like damn he on that it look that looked like Cam when I used to watch Cam play I was like damn man. And that's one thing that people like I, we ain't gotta talk about football too long but one thing people really kind of like, I know Cam do media and stuff now bro.


Cam Newton was cold as fuck. Like you can't just get an MVP in the NFL and not be good like I just hate some of the Lamar Jackson slander like yeah Lamar Jackson maybe can't be Pat Mahomes bro. A lot of niggas can't bro. He's just that good mean bro. They are the defender champions for a reason though. Come on bro. Greatest quarterback of all time for a reason. You going there. I think he'll, I think he'll end up there too. Who besides Tom Brady. Tom Brady like Michael Jordan. I don't even talking about Oh he don't count him conversations. Oh you talking about Pat Hall? I thought this was about Lamar Jackson. Nah, Tom Brady and Michael Jordan. They don't, they don't exist for they like Miss like I don't even know. Yeah when this all said done bro. Pat Ma Hall was gonna be two for sure. Oh they already two. That's how I feel. I don't think it's, you can't name already bro.


Aint no disrespect to accolades or what Everybody ain't no way you could tell me another quarterback is better than Pat Mahomes bro. Especially when everybody been giving two and then when everybody said Tyreek Hill was leaving he don't got his guys and bro make a new to he just made another one. He's every worthy a new one no matter who they get. Bro. They gave him a booboo ass receiving quarry last year outside of Travis still wins to super bro. Yeah he made shit shake. Yeah I fuck with him and especially when they talk about like the Joe Montana stuff. Hey man that's cool. Joe Montana was cold bro but I swear to God if you got Pat, my homie was Jerry Rice, I swear to God Records would be shattered bro. Yeah niggas gonna throw in Peyton and Dan Marino too though.


P Murder, I think P murder top five. He probably at the end of it list but P Murder definitely top five to man he probably number three. I might have a that bias on that. He number three for sure he ranked two. Joe Montana number three. Yeah Aaron Rogers gonna be like rounded out at five. Drew Brees is number four. John Elway five. I'm sleeping, I'm sleeping. Shout is John Elway. I'm asleep on Drew Brees when I played video games he was cold on mad back in the day I brought John Elway was cold on N NFL quarterback club. What? Him and Terrell Davis nigga. Oh guy Terrell Davis to pull his hand him free bro. They had a wit bro. They was cold. Huh? Shannon Shaw old Bailey. Damn they got Pat.


I'm really a football head. Damn was Champ on that team? Yeah they got Pat at 17. That ain't real. We don't 17 what? Right there. 17 Ah smoking crack nigga. It ain't 17 niggas that play quarterback better Pat Mahome. Yeah I mean we know the real, there are some old heads that put that together though. We know the real they gonna Joe Namath and all them niggas on there but we not trying to hear that bro. Pat Mahomes be throwing the football behind his back in the real game bro. Who? It's NL Street in real life. Did y'all see Ka and Bao on they show bro What it is Michael Irving. Soon as Michael Irving nigga exit stage left ain start talking about cocaine. So girl in the middle she outta pocket. She set that up? Yeah she outta pocket. She has to pick on my boy for sure she outta pocket.


Hey but Michael our explanation why a DA would retire was far. He was just like shit when I retire you they only show you when you dead And we know that it ain't every week. Yeah retire jersey is overrated bro. Shit retire. I don't know bro. That kind of in certain situations in certain teams I would want my dress because if you wanna see a cold, you wanna see a cold nigga wear your shit bro. If a cold receiver come through I'm still mad now bro. What was they gonna retire you at Pike? My shit still ain hanging up. Nigga was wearing my shit warrior year I came back. What the fuck? That nigga was sad as hell. Didn't Buck wear that number? Buck will never disrespect my jersey like that. Matter of fact I think on our team that was sad. Oh nevermind.


Somebody wore my jersey I was hot. That's a big man number every day. I used to be like well you not getting in the game 'cause you cut that number. Never disrespect myself like that. All what's funny now is that you the coach and you can actually retire your number. It'll be five. Oh it's done. I retired If there's no more 40 fours there's no more 30. I retired Courtney number 32. You retired. I ain't retired Mo everybody wanna wear 30. Yeah, everybody wanna be Steph Curry but I'm gonna retire next year. Don't worry about it. Nah that's fine. Yeah 44 bro. That ain't you wore for a different reason. But that number weak, that number I wore it. That's a weak ass number.


And this is always for a big man though. Why you 44 nigga? What number you wore? Ah shit nigga. Because we you wanna talk about we got the reports G Hill told us to report. I get on his As. What's G Hill? Second bite. Hey hold on one second. Go for it. Y'all was good. What's up? Is that a on time production? You guys are running over There? Y'all go we recording now? Yeah pull up light skin. We got time for you big dog. No here you go. Here you go. Don't start. Alright I'm gonna throw something on. I'm gonna run Down there for sure we'll be here. Alright bad. Alright. Yep. Fuck Yo. We gonna cancel. Nah we I said but we gotta put the chairs.


Oh shit, we'll do that bro. It'll be quick. I'll make it fast. Yeah we'll do that. Alright so this is gonna be a quick YouTube. Nah bro, let's chat bro. Joe. Cool. We don't know when he coming. He said I'll be down there bro. When? When he come? When to come? I wanted to play 2K. Crazy was doing, y'all be like Jeff did left. We gonna try and catch up with y'all tomorrow. Alright bro. Girl what was we talking about bro? Oh G Hill. Oh yeah Mike walking up to G Hill saying that be here, play on the team, blah blah blah. What he say? That nigga he said he was on the team. He ain't really play but he on the team.


Mike put sauce on Mike put sauce on it. Mike putting the sauce on it. The real stretch forward bro. What happened? So what number you wore bro? I wore five, I wore, I hoop like kg n barley so I wore 21 and 34 in practice. And you had two practice jerseys? Yeah and I was five for J kid though bro I was really one through four. I really played the one through four. Okay, but what what you he talking about saying you was on about bro why nigga, why nigga got blonde hair playing the violin butt naked in this hallway bro. He ain't so I, I'm not listening to, I remember at one point I said damn nigga you know my nigga's a rebound for me like my nigga be here.


He said hell nah but you rebound for jail. He average was 36. That nigga was killing. He ain different. Nah Sean is G you know I fuck with you bro. Yeah he was killing. Nah he was, he was one of the coldest for sure. Ah he was definitely one of the coldest hoopers nigga he used to put on shows. Yeah. Nah and that's one, one man band and they, I love the fact that they've been going back and showing like random college highlights and stuff for different people bro. G Hill really went crazy in college to go to IUU after the league bro. You was really hooping bro. Yeah I wish you would come on the show man. We like to give you some flyers man. Talk about your believe the hoop. Yeah we really, I used to say that nigga, he really killed everybody bro.


Oh God he did bro. He average like seven points in the first half bro. And he used to go crazy in the second half bro. Like he really, I seen him earn his A, B, C, D camp spot bro with us a hundred percent. Shout, shout to G Hill because they Billy Shepherd. Hey he was saying really? What And they was, they was solid but he really put in that work in hot school. What did we play for Billy Shepherd? What is that? That was a white man that had a AU team. They wasn't responsible nothing. I don't think they were responsible or nothing. Damn. I ain't even know that. You know I was tapped in back in and it was also funny for you like I know you, you meant you don't really know what I'm saying, brag too much but like for you to get your flares last week after the episode niggas was just like nah my nigga in high school was really killing shit.


Y'all was asleep. It was dope to see them comments like shout out to Dmitri, MCC Ka like they was all comment like nah for real like niggas ain't lying like you was really cold like that. I know, I know you don't be giving a fuck but it's just dope to see other people give you your respect. Nah I, I fuck with Amanda 'cause they was, I felt the same way about them like ET and Dmitri, them niggas was called. Nigga said was he really homeless. I'm like nah I forgot I said this shit, why was I homeless? I don't know. I said you was a homeless killer motherfuckers. Yeah somebody did but just like I forgot I said that. I'm like nah he wasn't homeless. I mean our team did look pretty. I was just saying how y'all looked out there. No for sure we used to come with our own shorts and nigga he had throw you a jersey nigga get to it. That's crazy.


And like the, the picture that they post on that on the real that was our last year. A A u Yeah that was in the heat. Yeah when Coach Conley came shit was right. Yeah when Coach Conley came and got us. Yeah like before that we played Dmitri and before we got with Coach Conley, Luis couldn't find no he hit my Teague for that. Yeah there ain't no pictures. My jersey hanging all the way down here. You should have hit me Luis. I got the Google with the spray paint Teague like Mike Braid. You should have hit me Luis. We gonna throw that up. Hey Luis asked me about picture. I said bro I don't know if we got that one. Oh don't worry about I, I got a great picture of be here. Oh I got you in the prom suit. You and Phillip Collins boy Switch pocket.


What? What was that? What called was the drink? Why the can get crazy? Wait get I'm sorry but the Wild Irons wrong. Oh wait, we can roll it up. We we dropped that reel. I feel that's collab with them. Yeah wait until the freestyle gotta collab Freestyle hit the deck. You ain't heard nothing Simba wait until this shit. Fuck ass nigga if you know, you know speaking of rap man RIP Rich homie Quan Man that shit is crazy rich homie babe.


That's crazy. And it was dope to see like everybody give him his flyers. Unfortunately you know how it happens when everybody has something happen to him and everybody wanna show him they love instead of, you know what I'm saying? They was able to get it but to see some of the kids be like what did he do? And everybody's like nah y'all don't know there was a time Rich homie had that bitch rocking. Yeah fuck that first Rich homie Mixtape bro was retarded bro. Yeah right after he came out. What type of way drop that mix tape what they don't know on there And what would you do for that paper man? And you was down there in the A said which homie we got going? I remember when he first dropped, I remember somebody styled him and I just remembered him telling me about him. I remember flying him talking about him and I'm just like damn I ain't know who he was But then he dropped.


I was like yeah he took over the world that type of way. Every time you went out you heard that shit. It was a vibe. Yeah the type of way the the beginning of it, it gets you going. What on the B dropped that right dude like E Lee Adlibs in that song bro. Yeah. Yeah I just, I don't know what happened to him after a while. Shit like the industry got a hold of he said and was just, yeah and I mean so that Rich gang shit, especially at that time period that was kind of different for Thug. If it was probably a more mature thug I think we would've got better collaboration in the Long Port. You know at that time it was kinda like pitting him against Wayne. So you know that Birdman situation was a little iffy but it was crazy 'cause he had just did an interview talking about, you know what I'm saying, what Thug was going through and trying to mend that relationship and for that to happen.


But to see that it was like damn like you see people grow up And, we don't see a lot of people grow up in like rap music. Like it's crazy how normal we are to people passing before we get to 40. Oh he was 34 years old. Rich homie helped motherfucker Thug get popping. No for sure he he carried that rich gang shit for sure. Carried with his hooks. Yeah bro. I ain't gonna say Carry but he contributed a lot to the shit for sure. He definitely like this part but Carried is crazy bro. Rich Gang with Beck with Young the Hook and Motherfucking Rich homie. Nigga Thug was, thug was on his wife but Rich Homie was big at the time. Thug Guy. Thug Rich homie got better after he went like when he went solo. When motherfucking I remember y'all played the fucking Pelicans and motherfucking Anthony Davis killed y'all niggas when that's a song with ti came out.


He performed at the game. The money? Yeah all about the money. Yeah that's when Thug really started taking off. For real. But like you got, I was down there, thug was already hard but nah bro Thug was hard but I'm saying a lot of them hooks bro. That was Rich Homies lead bro on a lot. I didn't, rich Homie was hard but I remember when Rich Homie Pop and I was living in Buckhead but Thug was already, he was that nigga out there. Yeah he was already gone like out talking about globally you was in the trenches with that shit. I was like nigga Amigos Quavo was the one that you always was like damn he make the song. But once you got, once they started to grow you like damn he really not the best rapper outta all of them bro.


That's how I look at the shit. Alright. I mean I I respect it. Yeah man. RIP Rich homie Quan man he had slaps in the time period another and they also brought up it, we was all younger than college but they brought up that Travis Porter run. That's an underwriter run too bro. Another group that was ahead of their time. Well that's the first Migos bro. We was talking about white T and all them songs 'cause Laughy Taffy came on. That's crazy. And we was talking about how like who had a better wave like Faye D four LD four L Parlay and all them like yeah DJ unc all them I don't know though. Travis Porter had a couple give, they had a two year run. That was crazy. Yeah I'm gonna give it to Travis Porter. I don't remember they songs though.


Y'all gotta like refresh my memory on some of songs but bring it back. They got a yeah so we gotta look at the track. What is Bring It Back, bring it back. Yeah. I ain't never, they had all the ass shaking songs bro. I ain't really fuck with Bring It back like that now that I think about it. They had all the ass shaking songs, they got shit Active but but like I try it on that's yeah like f that song come on every time I'm in the club and I get mad every time. Damn. I can name the song but I don't know none of these songs nigga 20, they're right too. Yeah Mike you shouldn't been around for that. No, Mike was was late. I was, Mike was a problem when Whipping Nay, nay was out.


When is that? Watch me Wi and watch me. Na nay they was doing that at Bend. That nigga's in jail for murder too. Is he? Yeah bro. Nigga killed his cousin. I said how nigga make that song kill somebody. He definitely did it. Oh no that was seven 15. I was graduating college here Migos, I mean Travis Porter that got the bring it back but what's another song? Fuck that would make it Rain Rob like that Make it Rains. What? He said he's dead bro. Oh yeah I got it. Rain away. Make it rain, make it rain. And I go there sometimes to give my mind a break. I'm gonna get yeah if you, if you doing D four L and Travis Porter, gimme Travis Porter bro.


Fat Bo is the best vocalist in all of them though. Oh God bro. Laughing terrible. Especially fake kid. Is that shit though Laughing? Yeah, star. Oh okay. Yeah I know the song. Oh that's Travis Porter? Yeah bro. Make it Rain, rain. Oh you can run, you can run a couple traffic rain. Huh? How much they going for 10 Woo Travis Port only two of them three. I think they're Spliting 10,000. Oh no we can, we can, we can negotiate that Travis Porter going for the three of them. All they need is the N unc 17 is they'll pull up. Nah you out of pocket bro. They got, they about to play that make it they probably more than 10.


They playing make nah Rain Bitch we can get him an all star shout to in inquiry about that. They 10 Roscoe dash is eight Don't do Roscoe later. Shout out to Roscoe watch. He's eight. No he no he's not. I swear to God play Roscoe Dash. I got a real Rococo he watch the show. No I got a real number. Nah that's a fake number. Three songs is eight bands. No it was, it was legit. Ah three songs. Oh okay. Which but he got some of that. But play my song. That's all you want to hear. Travis, you just wanted the, you know the fire one, this name three songs Benz fa, Bo's coming for them seventeens fa Bo's coming for the mo whites that he got on FBOs coming from one of the black forces in their fines.


Star see space shit somebody I was cool without that. Yeah please don't turn me, don't serve me up. My bull be cracking right there bro. Ro nigga that's the other one. He had you a low mower too. My shit wasn't grow right. Shit used to. Why was it so wild? My shit, my shit wasn't wild was nah they used to get blended in nigga talking. What the nigga they cut your hair give you them. You coming back home to get the the Mohawk? No nigga.


Oh that was old boy. Shout out to no fuck him. What's the other one right here? There's no hands? Nah. Oh we clowned on this. Yeah Rosco. Yeah he clowned on that. I also laugh at Rick Rossell and Mike Tyson. He said you didn't have no blend on your face. Hell was just on my mama fucked up nigga. That nigga was in the NBA with no blend. I always had Blend nigga. Nah bro. Old boy used to cut your hair in the A bro used to chop you up bro. Damn I used to want 'em. You used to tell that nigga the freestyle bro. I used to tell the kids I want the Mohawk for the kids. Oh bro he gave you one. That's why I was a fan favorite 'cause all the kids blow want my hair like that.


What y'all today but play another SCO Dash. Every band hilarious is a kid. Team Jersey the Mohawk. We gotta find it. They dunno by my nigga Qua man Trash bro. RP Rich homie. Damn you had that Mohawk all season too? No I didn't nigga I got that shit for the playoffs. Nah bro, I got up for the play. Y'all remember when LeBron had to run to Cleveland not getting haircuts 'cause of the postseason probably left Cleveland so fast bro. Can't get a cut because I'm on your team bro. That's nuts. They don't know we the NBA bro. Fuck it. You see niggas just do whatever bro. What I been through but tell me I can't get a cut Crazy. These niggas don't know the half wrapped up when I pull up.


They be like who the Yeah this is one of the greatest mix tapes ever. I ain't Underst saying did. Nah that's League bro. I used to stand on that. Oh I'm saying well he dropped that. I wanna say that was 14 put on the back in the screen. What's the name of that? It's still Money Bitches Miss Homie on Nicks. Hey that nigga Rich Homie was hard. I would never stop. Yes sir. Illegal crazy. And I brought my dad. I'm gonna say not just I got a baby on the way. I sound look crazy. I know I ain't worth that. My nigga Cali ain't know I be off but you know I be on them saying you text me now Rich homie man nah you good money.


But speaking of music proof shit we got landlord for my fan. That my shit, I can't take every picture. You gotta, Hey I feel my Kendrick getting a Super Bowl. No in New Orleans. Man, fuck gig. Lil Wayne should have been there man. I I agree too. And that was just like, does Lil Wayne have enough songs to perform for a national crowd? Don't do, don't do that. Come on run him. And that made me upset. Run him. That made me upset bro. What does he have enough songs to do? What they said does he have enough mainstream songs that Lil Wayne can do? The Super Bowl main They Kendrick he can, that nigga can do God damnit. What is it, 15 minutes bro. If he Yeah I was gonna say 15, 20 if he decide to do all features, bro that show's gonna slap nigga if he just bring the hot boys out now they said the Hot Boys wasn't enough to bring out for an actual audience.


They said niggas are not trying to see Turk in 2025. Nigga don't disrespect Turk. I fuck with you. What's my, yeah, why Behi? Why Wouldn? You have, why wouldn't you have Wayne in New Orleans? He the biggest master P was just like, y'all should have picked Wayne for real. Or he has to be involved in it somewhere. Or like the big timers come out. I'm the number one stunt Kendrick Lamar. What I mean it's a bigger play at him bro. It's, it's, it's they got, they just trying end Drake at this point. Yeah there's they gotta be bro, there's deals behind that. Like it is every Super Bowl performance. But that not like us on the Super Bowl stage when we register he's trying to end Drake and if he, and if he brings Wayne out, that's crazy. Oh my god. I can't wait to, he can't do that.


Who it he gonna bring? He could definitely bring Wayne out. Is Wayne out of pocket if he accepts the invitation? Yes. No, no. Yes. No he's not out of pocket. Wayne ain't coming out on stage nigga. Y'all niggas is crazy. Oh he's not. I forgot he with Drake nigga. That's, I said y'all niggas will do some whole ass shit. That's crazy. I forgot he with Drake. I think he would. He not coming out. Nah, that's dead. What? Nah that's dead my fault. I forgot about that. What about they brung Drake out and they became friends? I would hate it. Oh I would hate that would be pissed. That'd be, they'd be like we uniting. That'd be super soft. Dude. That'd be so soft. I would have to say fuck rap music for a while bro. I've been on that. I listen to RB anyway.


Shout out to Rico little man been listen to some of y'all. He from New Orleans. Nigga don't even know where Rico was. So shout out to Rico. Turn the lights off nigga. The fuck you talking about? Let turn it off on bro. Fuck I told him turn them off. Turn them off. You turn 'em on something to go. That's crazy bro. What do he say though? Shit in the dark lights on. Did he say turn the lights off? I feel like he says both sometimes. I don't know. Turn lights off. Could I double check that because he watches the show. I'm about to. I'm gonna double check. But I do like show somebody else's tag. He gonna be like nigga that ain't me all Rico love man. He's a he legend turn lights on. Turn the lights on.


Oh okay. Legend in the music industry man. Are you freaky Nick? Turn the lights on? Mm yes sir. I love to see my work turn on. Okay. I love see my work as funny as hell. He's a freaky nigga man. Freaky ass nigga. He is six and nine. Yeah, the whole nation screaming at bro is going to be very deterrent for Drake bro. They don't know what Drake. Yeah I I don't like Kendrick at the Super Bowl. Nah, I don't like that either. He's gonna put on a hell of a show. It should brought one of these pop stars or something before that.


If Wayne comes out during that performance, that's gonna be, nah, that ain't gonna happen. That's gonna be crazy. I just thought about that. Damn. I forgot he fucked with Drake. That'd be heartbreaking y'all.


Hey man listen, I know it just happened but I'm reminiscing to how we all slid the Vegas for the fight. What was crazy is, you know what I'm saying, we, we had a little bit of an issue figured out. We was gonna lay our head, you know what I'm saying? We had equipment. I think the best decision we did man was decide to actually look into an Airbnb. The guest favorites made that whole worry situation. 'cause y'all was sweating. Y'all thought we was about to go back to the crib. We wasn't about to have no Vegas weekend, but Airbnb came in, clutch got us in a nice comfortable spot. How you like it, man, you know I'm saying normally I know you be. I know you be staying at some good places. You a harsh critic. It was perfect man. It was a really good time. Our state was perfect man. Perfect. And how you feel about the trip, man? Love Airbnb man. Shout out to y'all. What's your favorite part about the big experience man? Was it being a B? You know what I'm saying? The comfortability, the air condition. It is hot man. Shout out to the amenities. Look, if you looking for wonderful place to stay, Airbnb is the first place to look.


Hey there it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer star Kabir, Baja Bila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey GB, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how it went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kari's journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I felt Like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible, Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila For a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from The stores. Whether You're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, uni Batista and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's top players, head coaches and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


You know what's really heartbreaking Colorado Daniel get well soon. Go buffs man. Go buffs. They got a big game this week, you know what I'm saying? They gotta play Colorado State. Yeah, we lost about 18 to To Nebraska? Yeah, they lost about a hundred that they got they ass beat. Nah, it was 2018 bro. I saw zero to 21. I saw zero to 2018. Ah bro. All simply had a rough night bro. Give up soon. Y gotta lay low man. Did you see Shado? No. YouTube Shado was, he said hey did that quarterback get hit? He was like, nah, he's all right. Did I get hit? That's what happened. He was like, he's not a leader. He throwing people under the bus. Nigga he did it last year too. But nah, you can't do that though bro.


Well I don't fuck with that is because y'all handpicked all these niggas to come bro. You facts. Yo whole line knew you was recruiting niggas taking niggas to Miami. We saw the footage on YouTube bro. I'm asleep on that. Hey y'all told nigga Bus? Yeah. Yeah that's why I told y'all they came all the way up here to Indiana bro and pulled Oh boy that lineman that cold as lineman. I You have, I told y'all I fuck with Deion Sand as a person, as a coach. I don't fuck with they they vibes. Oh not because they not winning. Nah, I'm just saying the way they go about shit like when they like he just said did I get hit.


So basically saying my oline trash but like he said he was handpicked him. Yeah, you really went and recruited all these schools nigga. Y'all went down to Florida up here to iu y'all. Yeah y'all traveled around. Y'all took that five star kid. He had way bigger offers than Colorado. Got him down there. He on the old line. But to be real, they team is not, they team is like, I don't even know what it's called. You know how you got the power five schools? Yeah and shit. They more like a ball state. We call Colorado mid major for sure. Damn. Like they not a powerhouse. Nah, they by no means they didn't win the game. They won't win the game before he got there. I think the biggest issue they're gonna have is what are they gonna do next year when they don't have those of Dion leaving.


Yeah, that's all I was gonna say. He can't, I, I don't think he's gonna be in Colorado two years from now bro. He's not gonna be in Colorado after this year. I wouldn't be, I wouldn't be surprised. I swear to God he gonna step down, be like it's just so stressful. You following your door damns try something else. That'd be tough to leave. What Colorado? No. Offer him a win. He gonna go to Florida State. Don't let them. I kind of hope he have like a little winning season. I hope he win like eight games have a crazy season. Then he gonna go to Florida State. 'cause Florida State sucks man. They got a quarterback that been in college for 55 years and they still can't get a dub. Mike put that in the group chat. He is listen get a job my boy, he got all the NIL in the world.


I'm sure he got enough degrees to be a doctor of any sorts. Football on Saturdays is cooked for you. My g damn Shiloh got injured again too. What'd he break? Good well soon man. I think his arm or something bro. Yeah he was in the sling. I seen. Damn. Sorry hear that. It's over bro. Family business bro. Lock in. Yeah take over Sanders headquarters. Whatever they call it. He damn near yellow ball bro. He yellow. He you seen LaVar say he want both his son to play for the Clippers. He fuck around make happen. He said I want so and Mel to be why but fuck it. I wouldn't be on the same team. My boy been back in the media. It's up.


Ah it's time bro up. I forgot about my dog. Fuck Lamar. Lamar where the shoes? We don't fuck with my shoes because I bought them. Fuck that. Hold on Lamar me. You need to have a one-on-one talk brother. I paid my 500. Nah I still ain't got no and you still putting out new shit. You putting out rims? Yeah you putting out Oh he got rims. They got rims. Man get you your big, big ball of brand rims. A big ball of brand 4G. That's tough. Yeah nigga where the fuck my shoes you missed It end the, so I paid for the rims instead up Notch Did where the started for the cat Least send me some of them weak ass house shoes. I mean what they call 'em Flip, flip Flos The vbs?


Yeah. Damn you don't want them bro? I want some shit. I sent 500 girl. It's a couple niggas I seen got they shoes. I ain't get mine. Yeah a few niggas did. They they, they didn't keep 'em. Production stopped on me. I just wanted to see 'em in person. They look like we need a pair of bro. Oh you on a website? Big Baller brand room. How much I got? I can't find the price. That's oh damn. Say mp. That's how shit get Oh marker brakes for the rims. MP 4 29 A rim. Them shit's breaking. I was gonna say a ri that ain't bad. That discount Tire swag? Yeah, I'm saying I'm breaking ain't bad but if you up on this Shaq's for what size though?


From sixes but if you pull up to the club in the triple B rims, that's nasty twenties. Oh oh okay. That's fair. Who the hell every car come with twenties now. I hope niggas ain't getting no twenties on the car. Yeah you put them on a Civic pimp your ride nigga. Did y'all see the pimp my ride when a motherfucker had the cat scan in the back bro. What? Her machine in the truck bro. Come on bro. I can't make this shit up bro. She was trying to be a nurse. This nigga put a cat scan whatever CT scan so fuck it. I'm not lying bro. Bitch you one step closer to your dream. Talk about you can, you can work on your, you can work on your patience in the back of your trunk. Get the fuck outta here. There is no form of Medicare. My wife, it's on there bro. I'm not bullshitting bro.


I said this is the most out-of-pocket shit I ever watched. Oh talk. She just need an oil change. She going through hell with a motherfucking cat scan machine. Nah that bitch a that on alone. That and it is the greatest TV show ever. I don't care what y'all say bro. I what they was doing to them cars bro. Exhibit bro exhibit unbelievable bro. And you should see where they used to nigga's cars from bro. Some of them niggas was in there. Slums bro. Get out. They used to pull up bro. Gimme a new house nigga. I'm put 50,000 into my car, nigga put 50,000 to where I live. I don't have a garage. Nigga they gonna split this. They they used to clown on them Camry bro. Like why are you making my Civic?


I had a two door. I came back with a four door Civic on 26 bro. What the fuck boy, that Mexicans used to stay getting new shit boy. I seen a west Coast. Coast was out of pocket bro. Yeah. Did y'all see the, I nevermind y'all probably, but I posted the fire like the most underrated cartoons today. Y'all remember Wayne hit? Oh Wayne hit was funny. Yeah, they thought that shit was hard bro. I remember that shit. I'd be like what? Hell damn it was another one. I ain't know Michael Jordan. Wayne Gretzky and Bo had a, a cartoon. I know that. Hell nah, I ain't know that shit either. I was, I was, I went to YouTube a couple of them though. Shit was called like superstars and shit like that. Damn. Well yeah, I wasn't telling Mike, Mike really didn't say fuck them kids.


Nah, I was like damn, Mike had a, Mike had a cartoon. He was nice as fuck back then in no fucking way passed back when he said Republicans buy shoes too. He was like pro stars. What was it called? Pro stars? Pro stars Some shit like that. Yeah bro. I never, I I ain't never peeped that. Wayne ain't Head was a classic though. I ain't here. It was definitely a class forgot. Yeah, I do remember that. I didn't watch cartoons like that but I do remember that one before. Damn. So yeah, niggas usually just wake up and cut on the TV and watch cartoons like what was y'all day like? Saturday mornings nigga? Yeah, wake up watch cartoons. Summertime. Oh after school. Four niggas went outside all day. I had a lot of brothers and sisters so I used to watch all type of random shit.


Oh okay. Like I used to wake up nigga Ricky Lake might be on. Yeah, you, yeah. You had a different household. Yeah, Maury Dre Springer used to be on BET. Yeah. So you know my brother's 10 years older than me so I, I was the lookout. This nigga was watching the bull leg a he got game at the crib. Yeah. Yeah. So I seen all that shit growing up. Yeah. All my what Saturday morning? Yeah nigga I'm waking up and watch Cartoon Kwan 10 years older than me too. So I used to, yeah, you seen all the shit. Nigga had a, he had a variety. Yeah, I used to see all type of shit. Niggas climbing through Windows, all type of shit. Damn. They be like, shut Jeff, shut your eyes. That nigga climbing through the window. Shout to my shout out to Aaron, man.


Hey my brother man they been buried for so long now so fuck it. But I remember used to clap through the windows, nigga. Damn bro. I remember I used to make my brother pay the to. Hey bro, I got your lookout bro. But I'm gonna eat 'em cookies at the top of that refrigerator bro. Ducked off that play bro's. What you pay the play bro? I shut up bro. I I'm need pay for real nigga. Aaron, gimme that five man before you go in there and try to get right. Go ahead. Slide at five. Well I'm telling no yo, these tell our ass too. Pay what you weigh. Nah, she like, we go to the gas station to steal. Damn. Let's go.


Go gimme some hot Cheetos. Some fur Niggas on they bikes at eight in the morning. So I ain't never really have that time to watch some TVs like that, bro. It was over with. Ah man. Hey, we about to end the show. We got a special guest coming up. Tap in the Volume.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out bose.com.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast NL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that right? The Fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space. Every week we bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment you've come to expect from the fantasy footballers. Only now is from the dynasty perspective. Join me and the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. A weekend full of superstar performances. asap Rocky, big Shine, Camila Cabal, Doja Cat to a Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows the Weekend. Thomas Red Victoria Monet Cold Plays. Chris Martin and More Stream Live only on Hulu and get tickets to be there@axs.com.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila For a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.