
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo. And a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese, ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal. Download the app now. A PayPal count is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. It's time to drop bombs and diamonds, Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Athletes Unlimited Softball League and deep blue sports and Entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. All right man. We back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wells. Same game with me to my left. We got my dog Bishop. Be here out the pearl at least. How you what nasty. What's happening Bro? How we doing today? Chilling man. Fresh back from him man. So you got the red on? Yeah, You know I mean I just had to pull them out today. Damn. Shoulda have had these on yesterday but the Gucci's got me through. Oh okay. Flex on them. My boy went to a festival in the Gucci's. Yeah baby can you help me? The help is already there. Am I right? We got my dog Young Nacho, young Teague. How you what? I'm chilling bro.


My boy got the taxis on today. Yeah, I hate twelves. They don't look bad on you if I told you bro. They Look bad heavy. They heavy and they run big. Twelves run big and They hit. You got on the B outfit bro. They hit You said you got a B hand fit on. This is a B hand special. Yeah. Nah, I don't Put the t-shirt on on their his though. But respect. Yeah, He raw dog. His I ain't fucking with, I don't fuck with 12 raw dog in the sweat. The, that's just crazy. The sweatsuit is crazy but the windbreaker suit is even nasty. Yeah, that's crazy. Yeah, that that's Mr. Elliot music video vibe for You gotta wish your body breathe bro. I Wish I would had this motherfucker on naked yesterday. That's if that motherfucker How hard I was sweating.


Oh Yeah. Y'all would've thought I ran five. It was so hot out there. Listen man, we love y'all for sure. 'cause we came from Dreamville early straight to the, to the studio man. Yeah, let's talk about it man. It's your first festival. For real, for real. I was it. Yo, I rock with cold but yeah, festival's not for me. Oh no, no. He's not good in that environment. Uhuh. It's Just, it's just a lot. I'm a bou. I'm boujee. I'm just gonna admit it. I don't do well. I'm like trip I don't do well with people. You honestly could have did well if we had like, I ain't gonna say was catered to more 'cause You know to me I feel like they showed us love. But if you was able to sit up in the Hennessy thing, you'd have been cool.


Yeah. Like if every everybody performed on that stage, you Oh yeah. If it was one. Yeah. You Like the walking back and forth. That was My built for that. Hey I was so proud of yesterday I was at, people don't know that boy's social media is not hot at all. So the fact that you deal with all those people walking up 'cause every 15 seconds be hurt. Jeff t oh my god he's Jeff t was funny as shit. Shit. Yeah I fought with the people that it was cool to, it was actually cool to be out there and meeting all them people and shaking hands and stuff. Yeah that was fun. But like I said, it is hot and then people start asking you like, yo, you take a picture And you like yeah I'll take a picture and after the 200 picture you like, alright man I'm just trying to make it to the, I really just wanna sit down.


I'm sweating. Y'all see the back of my neck. Do y'all see my shirt is sweat? We Leaving that motherfucking dude like man can I get a picture stick? I'm tired I take anything a 10. I was, you could have looked to the left for a little bit. But I feel it though. I get it. I get it Because They don't know that the first 150 people you say you took pics with. But 1 51, 1 dude was just like, is that your team? And you kind of looked, he was like, man fuck that nigga. He ain't even had no energy to respond. Oh shit bro. I'm drained bro. The first two hours bro. I was cooked. I enjoyed that. Moving through the crowd though. That shit was, yeah that's, I like shit like that. I ain't gonna lie. It was fun but yeah That that Hit.


You wanna be put up? One dude, One dude got so excited if he forgot this password to his phone. Wow. Yo. He was like I Gotta go bro. I was like bro he missed his password up four times. He gonna say I'm drunk. I gotta go. Man We had, we got people from all over that watch this motherfucker too. Yeah. I fuck with it. I, I ain't gonna lie, I like being with the people. I actually like that more than where we was going through the VIP like when we was walking through the crowd And we was talking to people and they yeah that was cool. It was the other part like when we went through the VIP And you got Oh yeah, I know what you talking about. Yeah. You know what I mean. Gimme your band. All right man. I'm ready to go. First thing, first man, shout out to Dreamville.


The team who put that together. That shit is magnificent. That whole city Raleigh, we had Raleigh fucked up. Raleigh saw it as hell. Yeah but for them to have that so organized And we ain't see no bullshit with And I mean we ain't see no crazy stuff happening that many people in that space bro. Nah, that was crazy to see. Yeah, I don't complain often bro. I appreciate everything that come with stuff like that 'cause I run Avis not to that magnitude but I get it. But y'all gotta get them first people, them greeters they're, they're everything bro. To the energy to the spot bro. Yeah, Them niggas was mean as hell. Yeah bro. So whoever you are with the dread bro. I wish I've took a picture of you bro. Yeah bro. Like shout bro. You Lowkey had us fucked up bro. You Was stuck it too hard bro. We Like And I know they don't pay you enough bro. He B said man I don't want you to get fired bro.


He said fired in the gang ain't worry about no job. Yeah. I Said now why you Going this hard bro? Yeah if you don't care about getting fired bro. And that's like, And you look like a, You know what I mean? He look like the nigga when you first get outta jail bro. They don't got no jobs for you bro. For you. It was probably a surviving felon so I get it bro. It is probably your first couple weeks out on the real soil again. Everybody, everybody love. He Like bro I'm gonna get you. Yeah y'all five we going come on man. Ain't no way y'all standing out there man. We got you buddy. Get the buddy man y man, fuck all that man. I said, I ain't paying you damn Cole don't even know start roasting it. We out nigga look like hurricane Chris.


Little hurricane Chris I hey what was so crazy me And we walked up. He's like man I ain't even get Pat damn one niggas on but you have a Bro. And then he pulled it out, out Paddle. What doing man getting the job bro. Don't let us get through this fucking line bro. Fucking wand don't Even W me lemme Walk through here. That a tennis racket in your head bitch ass. So Cole, you gotta get that nigga together because piss me off. I'm shitty over again because I was hot as fuck already.


So that was the initial part. I'm like bro the the greatest. Y'all supposed to be getting the people going, You know what I'm saying? At least because You know my fucker got wait in line so the least you could do is be nice bro. Yeah But that was crazy. That was one that was probably the only bad that's had. Nah hell Everybody You know Hennessy, Hennessy come on hen shout to the Hennessy family. They always show love. Yeah Sean and Shout out to Cole too. Cole show Love. Once we got to the top, once we got up there. So prove It. Shout to Cole, shout to Eve. We would've had video of that but You know what I'm saying, do the un preceded circumstances code check Malcolm for Cole Man's check mode. He delete that now. Lemme see you delete it. Mike got pocket.


Remember that for bringing that up. Shout out getting checked for the first time. That's A part of the journey bro. You can't record everything. Nah, You gotta ask permission bro. Can't just pull your phone out time bro. I like that. Nah. Yeah we hold it down. The real NDA And what was so far is they had levels to the VIP. It was jv, it was varsity, it was MVP and it was Hall of Fame. We find out we was not Hall of Fame. We tried to walk up the stairs. Hey we, when we got in the Hall of Fame we got escorted out. No fuck the hall of Fame. Ryan Shout tell my dog Ryan We love you Ryan. You know we love you but you telling us to come on and leave it us you outta pocket.


Yeah. So hopefully your team clip this up. He said, He said come on, I walked into the center. She like You ain't Hall of Fame. I said Huh? That's what I said. Damn. Yeah I said, I said, I said I don't got a gold jacket, I just made the mvp. Okay. It's play it off too. I like yeah this hot up there. They had all type of air conditioning shit Up there. That shit was different. It was a different world on the air. Came Think was something with the film. That shit just looked different. The floor looked different up here man Air, I didn't know we was at a festival no more bro. That's I thought I at the Derby. Yeah that's how it looked. Damn that's accurate as hell. The funny part about it is if you look at the MVP, it's solid.


But that Hall of Fame, that bitch was bust down. Yeah it was gold. We not had that. It was gold. He said lemme see your wrist. I said ah yeah we ain't supposed to be up here. I walked right to the Hennessy booth like yeah I'm with them. And I'm like what is, what is Ryan? I don't even think Ryan had on one. I'm like what is, oh okay. I what is he saying walking through here? He probably thought we had a little bit more clout. Yeah they was not fucked up. We didn't know who we was. J Cole right here. You sweet niggas, y'all better lock in. I just started laughing when niggas turned around like we can't get into there yet. I'm like he just talking us to nigga, nigga at put in the word. That's Right. And I feel like, I feel that's the moment in my life. I was like I gotta work harder.


Yeah. You remember I had that moment before the fly we talking about it. I was like I gotta do more. That was a moment. I was, I gotta do more because I seen the two girls walking up work for here. See I Yeah I was like damn I'm about to ask these two girls to pull me up. That's why I'm tell y'all We gotta start dude, that's my life come too. Hey can y'all gimme, Can y'all go get the white boy with That's what these niggas was saying. Can y'all go get the white boy with the gray ducks? Y'all he got the Hennessy short time. My boy had T Scott. I'm showing Rod t Scott out Rod Gang Gang. Nah that's Funny. I was dying Man. Man the best part about the festival shit is seeing all the different types of people at the festival bro. Yeah, this particular festival had a DA certain particular type of person.


That's why I think it was super dope too. 'cause wasn't no smut, wasn't no fights. Everybody was vibing. Shout out to the niggas who was taking naps out there. Nah, y'all different type of locked in. When we walked in it was 85 degrees and Buddy was out there asleep on the ground. Him and his wife. Wow. I said yeah YI Expect to see a lot, a lot more white people. Y'all Did some shit together. I was definitely expecting to see a lot more white people. Nah, when we seen Buddy laid out with the black forces and the white la Ah yeah. I said he too tapped in. He's tired from these that had nothing to do with this festival. Yeah. I said he too tapped in. Yeah I was Finn wake you up. I'm like nah bro, I, I get ain't no telling what your girl put you through to get in here bro. If your girl complained. Oh my mama don't take her to Dreamville Career.


Yeah you best complaining bro. Yeah I promise y'all it ain't She gotta be a trenched baby to go to Dreamville. Yes she has to just know the vibes bro. Yeah. She either gotta like be cool with being hot like drinking and just just one with the earth. Yes bro. Because that's all it was out there. Because I'm a complainer so it can't be two of All. Right because if your girl don't got a fro or dreads Dream Field day one it's not for her. Definitely not day two. Definitely. Your personnel is everything bro. Yeah so that's, that's one of my tips for next year. Well all damn is icy up the, I'm mad we had to leave early 'cause I would've loved to seen Cole so man man I know it's gonna be fire.


Damn. Ain't no telling who he gonna bring out outside. Yeah. I hate that we had to leave But shout to everybody to showed us love in real, You know. Yeah. That was a good time. Nah for sure man. Crazy love Tim we off the subject we gotta talk about, we was there for the Hop West performance and me And you was going back and forth but who got off Wilder Shit in they songs between Birdman and Juvenile. Juvenile said a wild bar Juvenile really got some crazy bars to start all his songs off. Yeah. What Did he say? Can't say it. You just gotta go listen some slow motion about I beat up in my home. Yeah. Make it official. Gimme some of that dope. That is crazy In a three part transition. You beat the DV allegation that said I'm straight though.


Lemme get some head. That's crazy bro. You can't say that. Yeah, don't worry about the hose I beat up in my home. Yeah bro. That's wild bro. Make it official. Gimme some of that don't bro. Yeah and then I, when we talk about Birdman, he, he damn near the second, second best artist song. Cash Money. Oh the catalog? Yeah. Gotta respect Brian Wheels bro. You have to respect it bro because when he is playing his shit like it was like Levels he came out, they played, You know state whatever they played first it was hard. I'm not putting Bird Band over Juul now. No, no, no I don't count Ju Juvie solo artist. Oh okay. I'm talking about the rest of the niggas like Bg tur.


Oh yeah, fresh. Oh damn bro. BG it it just, the music didn't transition but BG was that nigga Back then Top Seed in the ghetto's. A classic rapper. I mean he was that nigga but Birdman got hits Those those, that Nigga came outta nowhere. What happened to that boy? I said damn I forgot that Song. Yeah that chorus pool but it it hit the nigga making a bird noise next to that bro. Yeah you tapped it. Oh That's nasty. Nah that but I ain't gonna lie when they play everybody get your role on that was hard. Hey many Fresh started that song Off with Straight Fire, many Fresh went crazy on that song bro. Many Fresh. Yeah he built for moments like that. He's a festival DJ for sure. Like yeah he had a, I feel like he could have ran that like by his himself.


Just bringing people out if they've let him do that, that'd have been fired. Who was the most disappointing? Y'all disappointing. Like if y'all was, because I know PARTYNEXTDOOR Yes I agree. Yeah p and d set was not the vibe Man. I feel like I went to bed 21 could have remixed his set. 21 got a fire set. He could have just remixed the the playlist and chief too. Yeah Chief came out to the damn, he came out to 300 but the most disappointed though is p and d. Yeah I went to because he Do got some shit but it just, it just, I ain't know the vibe. I Walked to the other, we walked to the other side And I think the, I think we fucked up 21 'cause we was trying to get over for Hot Boys and them shit because when we got over there that's when shit got slapped.


That's what I'm saying. His shit really should have been reversed though. Yeah And his catalog is the Elite. Nah, 21 got the hit. Yeah he one of my favorite young rapper. I ain't gonna say young, he a younger rapper. He is? Yeah he one he probably my favorite younger rapper. Yeah. 21 catalog is him and a big extra plug. I'm, I'm mad we couldn't see Big X. Oh man D Dreamville Fest went crazy man. I And we just talking about it. They said that You know it may not be Dreamville Fest going forward but they definitely gonna do some more festivals there. They need to, they got the city forward. Yeah And the fact that like you said, they put that together this year five for them bro. That shit's amazing bro. Shout out to Cole. Shout out to the Dreamville team man that shit y'all did y'alls thing man. Shout out to Hensey for having to sta. We appreciate y'all for sure. Yeah, for sure. Oh man. Hall of Fame class man. 2025.


Who made it? Man Mellow in that joint. Shout out to Carmelo first ballot As he should. Dwight higher first ballot. Yes he should. And then you got the whole 2008 US Olympic team. The boy like the men's team? Yeah. Oh okay. That's fire by the way. The redeem team got it in there. So you got Chris, Paul and LeBron the hall of Fame. They still playing. That's tight. That's crazy. I'm looking at some of the women's side too. You got Sue Bird in there but show legend buying Moore one of the coldest to ever do it. Yes. Sylvia Fowls. Damn big Sylvia made. Yeah it's come On man. The real kg. Wow. Billy Diamond got that joint. Billy D. Yeah one of the best college basketball coach of all time.


Mickey Erickson got in there as well. Hey Mickey and Danny Crawford the referee. Oh OG I, I rocked with og. Danny Crawford was a cool ass ref man. One of the coolest refs out. That's fine. I didn't know that referees was the hall Fame but that's that's far. He deserved it though. He was always solid. Mm You ain't had to cuss at him Nothing. He was solid ref. He was cool. He talked to you before the game. I remember his son used to hoop at Northwestern. Damn. And he used to talk to me about his son before the games and stuff. He was cool dude. You know. Yeah that's the first riff I heard. I mean I'm sure there's plenty more but he the first notable one that I know that made it. Yeah. Shout out to Danny Tim Dun. You will not be in the hall of Fame. Nah he in the real hall of Fame. He got, he ain't there with P row though.


But they put him in the hall of Fame. It is Pete Rose, him and Dante Porter who's scoring big in the NBA this season You are.


With all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points of favorite player with score rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the EBA player props. New customers BET five bucks and get $150 at bonus. Best instantly. Take it to the record with Draftking Sports book where every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction Void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See d kng dot coast slash audio.


You know we at Club five 20 are always on the road covering events and getting the best content for you, our fans. And each time we head to different cities, we're always trying to stop by and watch NBA games. And if you're looking for tickets like I am, look no further than SeatGeek with over 28 million downloaded. SeatGeek is the number one rated ticketed app with the NBA and HL players both around the corner and the MLB on the way with the W as well. Tickets are all backed by their buyer guarantee and each ticket is rated on a scale of one through 10 so you'll know if you're getting a good deal. So You know, I had it come through for you. All right. Use promo Code Club five 20. It gets 10% off your next set of tickets at Seat Geek. That's right. 10% off with promo Code Club five 20. And if you click the link in the description to download the app, you'll have the code automatically added to your account to use it later. That's 10% off with promo Code Club five 20.


Yo, what's good? It is Jeff t from Club five 20 Podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite, they were Duke beat Alabama, Florida B and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out on the open floor, finding Cooper Flag and all their talented players and Florida B and Texas Tech. What a win by them coming up big in the end. Now with my final four set, I like Florida beating Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Jr. And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in a 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast food's gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with a in-app offer and a purchase. Again head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly Ayo Enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami Ayo enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Aho is where sports, music and fitness collide And we cover it all. Riva sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Shumate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It All changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know you're not Latina enough. First of all, What does that mean? My mouth Is wide open. Yeah. History makers like the Suat family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again, our NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help 'em take the next step. Not tear anything down. Today the Warrior's Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love For what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. This is Dub Dynasty. The Dubs Dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dubb Dynasty starting April 8th on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


P Row Soldier, he was white hair. He is a draft. Kings legend. He was the first de Parlay. Yes, he was the first selfie Parlet. Yeah. T Rose used to run through shit. I almost added the person I'm keeping my he he beat them. Allegations. Well shit. Terry Rose is close. That's how you go. I can't fuck it. You there? Terry Rose is an added clip away from being on that list. Man. Shout to T Rose. Get well soon. Yeah, T Rose gonna beat that though man. He gonna beat it. That's crazy man. The the while our hall of Fame is really what they should have after that, bro. Let's start it through. Who, who, who's a A five? Let's do You know we like all the the messed up stuff. Who was in our five 20 Hall of Fame this year? Oh we had to induct people in the Hall of Fame.


Who made it for us this year? Oh, straight bullshit alone. Oh man. Let's, that's a good, first of all, this has nothing to do with basketball. Marva sap. Yeah, first team. First team. We starting with the church. Yeah, I was gonna ask you this be here. Who was more wild in the situation? Marva sap or your boy in Houston? Oh, Marva Sap Marva Sap. The boy, the boy in Houston. Once they upped the blinkies on him, he follow asleep. No O Steve. He said hey I know it's a natural disaster but you niggas are not coming in This church. I was, You know, shout out to, You know Hurricane Harvey. I was a part of that. Yeah. Shout to Hurricane Harvey. Yeah, once, once He was down there. I was a part of that.


No, I'm saying I was a part of that journey. I was stuck in Houston for 14 days. That's when it officially became my second home. But nah, joy OTE was in the bookies. Yeah, we went to the strip club. I, I'll show you videos after man. Well they had them guns out 14 days. Niggas don't take nothing serious. Ah for real. Really got these to the strip club. Said Harvey. Harvey or once I got the clips bro that's right thing where I was was the medical center. It wasn't flooded over there, You know what I mean? So they were just showing y all the crazy stuff on tv but nah Marvin Sep saying lock the doors or close the doors, whatever. We saying y'all can't leave. It is crazy bro because he already had them calculations in his head. He Said I ain't say y'all couldn't leave.


I just said close the doors. Lemme say it's thousand niggas over. I know. Sick. Hey shout out to Kurt Franklin for posting that picture. Talking about close the doors. No nigga close that basement door mess. See That must be beef what? To Kurt Franklin. Kurt Franklin Close, I mean basement bro. Same thing Don. Oh yeah. Yeah. Well he went here where to shout out to the OG In And we used to be looking over here showing like a mad scientist Probably down in his basement. This shit Talk about close the door.


My boy gonna ice on the basement for sure. Yeah boy that's Crazy. Cur like is Cur Franklin in there just off GP Go gospel problems is hilarious. 'cause him posting that crazy TD Jakes for sure. Why he in there Still being on the back of that motorcycle like that? He still The al the Al Sharp joint back in our Hall of Fame. But that pitch. Oh he's in top off Chilis of Ball Top the oh no, I'm talking about the new, he got the headband all the workout Gear. Oh s Stevie Wonder's in there. What did he do? Y'all see the boys and men dudes Uhuh. What they Doing? He said I mean not boys and men. Johnny Day six? No Johnny Gill. Oh because they in there too.


I laughing that mic so flu hit Mike in the head but, but Johnny Gill we were recording under stress. I've been shaking all, all time. Johnny Gill said what Johnny Gill Said he used to beat 'em at air hockey. Used to be Who? Old buddy Stevie Water used to beat them at air hockey. Yeah That swear guy. He said Well yo touchy your hair is crazy. No all them clanks and shit. He probably, he said That he used to beat us at air hockey. See and I'm trying to figure out, figure how the hell he beating y'all out here. Ha he can't see the puck.


I know. Yeah. I ain't never seen Daredevil. I just said bro. Yes bro. Daredevil's crazy 'cause there's no way that this nigga was jumping off buildings and he couldn't see across the street bro. I would just walk, I would grab the puck, I would walk down and just put it in Stevie Wonder side. What the fuck you are as stupid as fuck for playing a nigga going back and forth with a blind nigga take the puck walking down, put The machine go up, score he scored again. That's how you tell nigga can't see or not I'll, I'll move the table to the right. See niggas are so lame. That's not cool. Nigga playing the air hockey with Stevie Wonder. He said they, he was beating they ass.


That's even Worse. Hey if he the coach air hockey player of all time, that's fine. I just boo a table to the right bro. Told bro he is the greatest nigga ever to beat Bro. Be shooting to the ain't to the side every time bro. You're gonna miss how you cold bro. You damn near nigga throw your arm the socket nigga try to, you can't see the fuck how you cold Aren. That's the whole point I think he can't see. Everybody's starting to bring out stories about Snoop Dogg said Stevie Wonder FaceTimes me bro. You know what I'm saying? He playing in our face nigga Is playing too much bro because I ain't gonna hold you bro. Him shooting that free throw is still one of the craziest pictures of I'm saying Taking a picture that somebody You, that's one of my favorite picture.


I told y'all bro, shout out to Steve. That's why I know we, why I get so much slack for What I said about the nigga kisses Jesse Jackson in the mouth. Ain't no way bro. He just talking about he driving And you just said to Clint Air Hockey. That's what they said bro. Come On bro. Shout GI Said they said Shout out to Ray Charles bro, you the real blind man. Hey man buddy. He, he was trying to get off on Ray. He trying to pay me twice. He said no nigga pay me at once bro. Don't fucking play with me. Genius. Genius. He was a real scare bro. Scared the blind man you a piece of shit bro. Pay man at once bro. I don't wanna do no business with you because I might think about it just off the street. See I I need 20, I already needed 20 so I ain't gonna lie.


That's a lot of ones nigga paying my for 50,000 in one cur Bro. I listen, lemme tell y'all something. I'm not no scared with y'all but if I'm playing a paying a blind man, I'm gonna just rub the money together like this bro. Two bills. How the fuck do You know that got Fucked Up. You gonna treat nigga like big worm 2046 bro. He gonna Phillip go his Hand bro. He probably grab every bill. Nigga acting like hey Steven probably got some shooters. Yeah, I'm saying even Ray Charles, he probably has them niggas be geniuses bro. He probably could hear the money like oh that's the same bill he done crush that up twice. Ain't no way bro. What that dude's sense was crazy.


Ray knew Every bitch was fine bro off the wrist. Yeah he didn't know that money was missing. You were supposed to be able to give a blind motherfucker a thousand dollars a monopoly buddy. They dunno. Hell no. They know the, they know the texture Bro. They know the texture. How You know the texture of real money bro. They got paid Before. I don't believe it bro. Ain't too many transactions go well that's back in the day. How about say you gotta think how many times you deal with a nigga giving you cash in your hand bro. You don't really deal with It like that. I, I'm at that time. At that time. Now they direct deposit, You know But that's what you should do to a blind nigga. It's in there bro. Just trying to swipe this car. It's in there. It's crazy. You talking blind people.


Yeah Bro. Right now bro. They going, somebody gonna fry your as Bro. When they see this they're gonna kick your ass. Yeah, respect bond people listen to the show. Yeah. Rash audio little that's better anyway. So hey a nigga gave me a, he gave me a debit card. First of all he addressed me like, hey nigga, I know you heard me talk to you. I was being really peaceful at that time. Yeah You know you would've been like, man fuck you. Like he gave me a debit card. He was is I'm the first nigga to ever give you a debit card. I'm like alright. He's like, but he got an album on it. I thought that was kind of hard At the Festival.


Yeah. Damn that's fire. You had like a QR code. QR code? Yeah the download his album. I told him I say that. I was like damn that's kind of creative bro. I ain't gonna lie, I ain't gonna hate on you. What's the album Called? I ain't downloaded it but I was just like damn, I'll give you a shout out. That was cool. You Probably left that on a plane too. Nah, I left it in the grass. Skinny man. Tell me my motherfucker cd. No, the Way he addressed me was too aggressive. Tell me to same CD fan might he way he Was too. It was too aggressive bro. I I I was fucking with him.


I know you already talking to you. I'm like, oh yo brother. Yeah. Hold on bro. Hold on now. So he gave it to, I said I'm gonna be player but I'm have to let the streets here. Speaking of people at the festival, shout to the homie who had the pink overalls on and no shirt. Oh he was wildling. Damn. No, no. I got a shout out buddy. You, you nigga came up to his, Whoa. Oh yes, that's what This nigga shout out to this nigga. He was wilding bro. He seen T he t he had on the, he He had di I fit You hate the the lawsuit compression pants, Shorts. Oh my god. What the di Sanders wrapped around his neck. My nigga tried to get up and his shorts was on his ankles bro it was crazy.


He was like don't talk about me nigga. You are the first nigga we talking about. Oh definitely. I said because you're out here filthy. Your first team ball And his shirt, his shirt was like with a basketball outfit off. Basketball shirt was nipples out damn near. I was like this nigga you're you're Bugging. He was one of us or a different color. He was One of us. He was one of us. Wow. Yeah, the Deion was wrapped around isn't it homie me who had the pink overalls on? He got his all his respect because he looked like he whoop everybody in that. Yeah, when he came in. I, what's up bro? What's boss? That nigga was strong. He like brussel. I said yeah he about 2 25, 2 30 bro. I ain't got nothing to say now what's the homie you met with the Old Depot jersey On? Oh fuck. He is from UK right? Yeah, he's from, we got supporters in UK for sure.


He was cool though. He was cool. Yeah, definitely had a Old Depot patient jersey over his Name was Zaya. Yep, it was, he called, it was Aya because, because he said it was Zaya at first. Yeah. So I just, I just, I left him alone because I didn't know it was Karen everywhere. Usually I bring a nigga in for a hug nigga on the nigga. Hey man, lemme see your license because you hear lying in here. He like I said there it's what yo man Barbie, let's get to it man. It's time to get Lit.


Where my dog at man? Y'all outta pocket. Oh buddy, I sure forgot about that. And Barbie what we got today. Okay. What's in this joint? Peach juice. Okay. DJ nigga swiping that shit. It ain't nothing do with you Barbie. Oh you don't have shit to do with you Barbie. Oh Barbie. Nothing do with you about our aesthetics. We go through some things right now. What's in this again?


This is good. For real? Yeah, Brain cream Peach, mango lime juice And I ain't lie man that peach, that peach tastes good in there. Yeah, I ain't gonna hold you. I like that one since you switched to grill Corino, you been going crazy? Yeah. Yo, at first you was giving me headaches but this one's it was Tamico. It was not. What you do this weekend? I've been in the house. You've been in the house? Yeah. I was having fun. I was just watching you Off. Oh you put up? No. Oh my fault. Yeah we heard you threw your back out while we was gone. Excuse Me. Trying black woman And I hurt myself. What you do? I was Moving stuff around my own storage.


She tried to lift a bar at the top of a bar and move it. Oh yeah. So fellas, that's why women need a man. So they ain't out here throwing they back out for no reason. Call. No it bar you up on OnlyFans Do. If I had only fans throw On here, she's on, she's probably on Tinder. Plenty of fish. Oh the Barbie. The Barbie the original. What is your ig? Unique Barbie. There we go. You changed it again. It's been unique Barbie. Okay. Just Barbie Mobile at first. And I didn't want to find that as like a business page because I Do you got a business page? I'm working. Oh yeah, please tap in fellas.


Please stop asking us what's her info. Yeah, she just told gave it to you bro. And she need a man. I heard her and she got a story full of shit need to be moved. Said yeah she need a supporter And I ain't gonna say that that can lead to a man. Well I'm talking about for her. You know when she trying to lift something she might need something fixed to run a crib. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I know we probably a lot of plumbers and You know, I mean I Don't like it. You know jail nigga, she like, she like a good jail dig to get out and do construction. Hell Nigga. Yeah, See Now you limited yourself. I'm Not because it's a lot of men that are not in jail or And you don't, you don't want shit to do with the Yes I do. I like a good man. Hardworking Man. Oh you talking Tyler Perry.


Good man. What does that mean? A good hardworking Man. Well we just met a nigga this weekend. Who was a good hardworking man? We gonna type in with you the nigga d Dreamville titties. Excuse me. No she was, she was listening. Oh no we did not. I said he, his shirt was sweating and his, the ring around the collar was so low she was sweating so hard. But boy we don't gotta type y'all. She all around. I do. What is your type barber? Let's get to it right now. Say it, let say it then. I know. I dunno what my type is. I just want a gentle man. A traditional man. Traditional. She she mean boring. I Gotta have a traditional job. No I'm open to, You know as you doing something that's Oh okay.


That's what do they have to have a job? Yeah, I mean who else they gonna be doing they time The job entrepreneur. Yeah that's Cools like early stages. You cool with that? So like he comes to you with the business plan. Can you about it, can you fund his dreams? Like if he got a a So can fund his dreams and if he got a solid business plan And you see it like damn I fuck with that. Like I Need my dreams funded. So See. Ooh. See that's where it gets spicy. See be careful. Gotta start funding dreams. Work together. Do something. Told you all that gentleman, handsome kind man. Boy shit. Shit. So I don't care about a man's look I want, he treats me right and he Do stuff so all the ugly niggas tap in.


Gotcha. I like niggas That was over for y'all. There go one. Yeah on the way. She said you can't have no bugs or bugs too. Nigga got some, if you go over a nigga house And you got flies in the house, you leaving or you like breeding dogs. She thought about it, she might stay y'all, that might just be for YouTube Lives roaches, none of that shit. But that nigga doing it. That nigga is filthy. Yeah like That's nasty. Like what are you doing? Okay so if he got an air mattress, that's cool. Like clean. It's clean but air mattress, you got an air mattress. You know I ain't gonna lie. Y'all air mattress is crazy. You shouldn't have come And I don't give a fuck. How for you? Air mattress.


Air mattress? Alright. What Without the mattress, without the, to be Without the box. Box without the box Spring. That's If you don't got bed don't date. But He probably just need a, he might just be too far in the trenches to need a woman. Like You know you need A box. See a headboard. Okay, that's what you said. What about, what about, See I talk you like just a jail nigga. Any grown man you gotta tell need a box ring Or headboard. What about just Barbie got a headboard. I told y'all fucking with niggas with no headboard. The Mattress is a no but the headboard is cool. No bed frame is crazy.


Ain't Like Once he got his dressers room set up. Nice. If you don't have a headboard, That nigga is a roll Dresser in your bed. Dunno which way we supposed to like wall. But I can switch. I can switch anytime bro. We gonna lay this way tonight Nigga. With his feet on the back of the wall. Y'all listen Now listen, I at he got a box hoodie. Alright, alright. What about, oh he don't got like no couch or nothing. He just got like an apartment.


He just got a bedroom. He just move in Here. Nah, I'm just saying he just like, I ain't putting no that's how he living couch out there. I got a bed, I got set up in my room, got a bed TV on 32 Inch on the wall. Maybe he got 54 inch on the wall. Just got a bed tv. I don't got no furniture in the living room. I, I Don't know, I don't date those kind guys. Ah, that was me in Milwaukee. Well you was never probably really home anyways. He Yeah I'm just saying. What about if he ain't home like that And you pulled up and he just got a bed And you like we we gonna watch tv. He like in the room fellas. Yeah. I'm not gonna lie. If a nigga mount a 32 inch tv, your priorities is fucked up because search all no service. Surprise should be even to say I want do this.


Y'all get no came out 32 inch bro. No, 2025. But that's nasty, You know. But that's where it Start off at though. You do That shit on the back of your door bro. You like the old basketball court used to hoop onto your room bro. Ain't why you putting a 32 inch in your, he came outta 32 but I say 40. Oh okay. That was totally different. Okay, that's, oh We gonna, we gonna move there. Mm we gonna move there next for Sure. Bar we appreciate too. Question. Oh how, how big oh is a, is a suitable house? Well here we are. We talking about niggas with no box springs a headboards. Yeah. She don't give a fuck. Hell don't say I don't give a fuck Barbie. You don't care what square foot you just said you a fuck with a nigga with no headboard.


You don, You know my audience isn't really About to say for her. Yeah, you alright? It's cool. Respect. No nevermind. You know we love you barbering. I'll mention no headboard prior trash. Fuck. Appreciate you Barb. Alright, Doggie. But now back to the question though. The house lives, we, we already had the conversation. I won't y'all to have the conversation on, on air. Okay. But y'all gotta put context In front your Ass. They gonna fry me. But no, this is the best part is we not gonna have no context just So can funny see that's what I'm saying.


Well how y'all wanna start it off? They ain't here with us. Okay listen, if your house is less than 42 square feet, you, you broke ass. No, that's not what I said. I'm gonna get my nigga some be he didn't, I did not say that. I said you shouldn't build a house that's under 40 twos square feet or that's 4,200 square feet. You Kind of started off like why would you want that? I'm saying why would you want to build that? You that's what I said. Why the fuck would you build a house with one TV room? Oh God. Like I I truly feel that bro. Jeff, That's a waste of a build bro. You about to really sit here and what I'm saying is 'cause whatever, like I told y'all, we shouldn't be talking about this on here. But what I told y'all, when y'all start building whatever you thought you was about to pay, yeah you gonna pay way more.


So if you gonna do all that and go through that and put one TV room, nigga, you might as well go get a luxury condo. Okay. And just stuck it out. Like Take, take the money, the cost of it as aside. Okay. My dream house is 4,200. That's Not your dream house bro. No, I'm saying like I that's what you can Afford. That's not your dream. I yeah, That's not your dream house Because my dream house I can't afford, I'll be on Zillow looking to motherfucker Hundred million. I know. In, in 20 years if I still living house 20 years. Okay, I'm not gonna want walk around 20,000 square feet. You A I I'm gonna want 42 a hundred square feet. This is gonna be smooth.


Maybe I want build my dream 4,200 square Foot house. I'm just saying you can find that I already built But it ain't my dream one I want. Yeah, he saying what he want, like No nigga you wanted one. He He want, he was Michael's okay with no basement. It was spacious. Yeah he outta pocket. He outta pocket. No basement. Spacious 41. It's, I think it's definitely about preference but I'm just saying bro you are out of pocket 4,200. I don't even know the average home in our state like the size of it. Nah, I'm not saying 4,200 bro. Like I'm saying that's a nice house. But I'm saying to go build it like, and like really map it out bro. You about to build a cookie cutter house kind of.


And the point he had, which is the valid point, he said when you build a house you incur way more fees with things you don't expect. Yeah he about to. So he said go for the gusto if you gonna do all that. Yeah. If you gonna do all that 6,000 square foot me square basement, The average home is 1600 square foot in Indiana. I'm not saying it ain't, but you talking about building It's my dream house. That is not Your dream Jeff. Jeff is saying at least buy it and renovate it. Nah, he ain't saying that. I'm just saying that ain't his dream house. Like it's not he's lying to me. I don't know. He y'all know, y'all know how humble of a person I am. You very humble. I Don't really know. We know, You know, You know That's A lot.


He's very humble. Who him? Yeah, he, I mean Mike got a lot of money. Yeah but I'm saying he's Dick, He's trying to fit in but Mike has a lot of money. Yeah He was retired before he did this podcast. Yeah. Literally. I just think if you got a 42 if, if you buy, even if you just buy a 4,200 square foot house, you did damn good. No, your life is great. You have a beautiful home. But I'm talking, we were talking about building, We were, And I'm not saying nothing is wrong with building a 4,200 square. I'm talking to Mike, I'm not talking to the rest of the world. Oh. So it just applies to Me. Yeah because I'm like nigga stop playing. I thought you was Speaking because you was telling me I want a house with no basement. At first you was like I don't even want a basement. I'm like you're lying. Where you gonna watch TV at in peace you like it's 4,200 square feet.


I said you have seven kids. I thought You was talking to the general population. No, I'm talking if It's just for me, maybe I'm gonna let him water. Well Respect that we us to the pond. So here's another one. Deit, I'm not studying bro. I don't have, my house ain't that big. Alright. What you, I mean it's bigger than 42 but ain't Clearly I can't even move around in 2020. Nigga you don't got no kids. You know I bought my first house.


You can hear people in your That's what that's Say. I forgot He said I hate hear people now. That's what I said. That's what I can hear people now and That nigga for sure don't live in a down. Alright snitching. Hey y'all see how they do. Me and Mike was talking about some real estate. Sorry, bad. Let's move on. For sure. John, Rick, I found 70 5K Man bullshit after what you said on the morning show and then he came back to the next game and hit three to start the game off and doing that celebration.


I love John Mar Rick.


Yo, what's good it is Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite eight were Duke beat Alabama, Florida beat and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out on the open floor, finding Cooper Flag and all their talented players and Florida beat Texas Tech. What a win by them coming up big in the end. Now with my final four set, I like Florida Beat Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Junior And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in a 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right, but while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with a in-app offer and a purchase. Again, head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly AEO Enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami Ayo enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Aho is where sports music and fitness collide And we cover it all. The arva sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Shumate who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It all changed. When I had this guy Come to me, he said to me, You know you are not Latina enough. First of all, what does that mean? My mouth is wide open. Yeah, history makers like the Suat family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It Was very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Israel Gutierrez And I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I just Felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help 'em take the next step. Not tear anything down. Today the Warrior's Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for What Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. This is Dub Dynasty. The Dubs Dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty starting April 8th on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It is Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share and believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do, provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm vibe and Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


He shouldn't have got fined bro. Yeah, he should. I mean, yes he should have. I don't think he should get fined for the celebration. Everybody do. Crazy celebration. It's just to the point where like I heard Lou will say like he taking on a villain role and the thing we loved about Ja Ja Morant is that everybody loved Ja Morant. Yeah. Like he was the people. Him and Al Edwards was like the people's champs for a while. Right. And they both kind of taking that villain role. It was making the NBA kind of weak, You know what I mean? Like they was our guys. We celebrated. I have a real question. Go ahead. As NBA players, are y'all like not allowed to be endorsed by certain things? I mean it used to be like Beer shit.


Like if Glock came to Ja and was like Ah yeah he probably couldn't do that. That's not, there's no way he could have an NRA sponsorship in EB. Nah, that's crazy. Okay. This nigga want Ja rent to be squash. I'm just say if he was sponsored by Glock, That'd be hard. Don't get suspended for doing this but go to a convention host. Listen. Yeah, Nike paid all the Jordan's funds. That's all I'm saying. I mean I respect that. Yeah, I'll I'll tell you right now, if the NRA got involved in that, first of all he probably wouldn't even wanna be a part of that 'cause that's a totally different world. But Listen, I was just asking a question. That's all. Nah, he, he, he, I ain't do what you wanna do. Shit, you better than me. You got more money than me. You, you lit. But I'm just saying as far as like a brand, like little kids look up to Ja Morant they, he was everybody favorite player.


He was our favorite player shit. I say he was the people's champ. Yeah same thing with Anthony El, they the people's shemp I think they off the court shit just gotta kind of be smooth calm down. Yeah. All my next take Nerf guns they signing So you want them to have a Ja red Nerf pe It worked. He can get a Nerf PE but I don't think, I think he needed to stay away from the guns. Yeah Because I mean you outgrow Nerf guns. Facts. Every nigga that shot somebody in the face had a Nerf gun growing up for Christmas. Yeah. It lead to something Nerf. Nerf being the gateway drug to murder is crazy Little Weed just saying shoot or shoot Bro. I'm just saying like I, I love Ja and Like, You know what I mean, for him to hit a game winner, You know what I mean?


Iso buddy hit the game winner had a pigeon on me. We couldn't even really celebrate it because everybody was talking about he just shot another gun like he did the fake gun and You know what I mean? That's true. And it's like damn you, you did something great, you a great player and but it's being highlighted that you do this shit. And back in the day you wasn't doing that. It was more like you was dancing doing the gritty and all that shit. It was more celebrated. And to me you wanna shoot the gun, shoot the gun. I don't care. It don't bother me none. But I just know that a lot of people look up to him with his fans, You know what I mean? Yeah. And for me just don't fuck up your money man. Like if that's the one thing they say don't do, obviously they, they shouldn't tell you that. But giving the track record behind it bro it ain't worth it. Yeah it ain't good. And also you was killing obviously you still good but what's going on with the team right now?


They gonna fire the head coach. Yeah. Yo, future dimmer in jeopardy with a franchise. This ain't the time to be having that back and forth. We've seen what the league we, I ain't gonna say the league. We've seen how people opinion has changed with some of our favorite players. Yeah I don't want that to happen to Ja. Nah me either. And You know they gonna try to like, they gonna try to Iverson like when we love Iversson, everybody loved Iversson. They started trying to like just pinpoint bash shit on him so You know he got scrutinized for it. Like ain't no way, no way. Allen Iverson only played what 12, 13 years. Come on Bro. Yeah That's like nah bro. Like they started pinpointing stuff that we ain't like about him like the media did. That's what they gonna do to John Marin already. He like kind of falling outta graces with people Like You know people starting to take him out the top 10 point guard, You know what I mean?


Niggas only talk about it. That shit happens And it's like are y'all crazy Because this shit overshadow his game right now and he Right and he one of the best players not point guard best players in the NBA. Yeah but we can't talk about it 'cause of all this stuff and it ain't even really nothing 'cause I see 25 other players do. Yeah this and all kind Of stuff. Daniels just did it so Yeah but he got a different light too. Facts. Facts. He got a different light so I understand And I think he know bro like he know we ain't hating or saying nothing bad. He know. Yeah he just gotta outgrow that shit. Sorry for him to have a little relapse. I I fuck with him 'cause he human and if he really going through trying to get some help, I think he'll be cool in a couple years. Hopefully he just don't do nothing to where it's too late.


And he like DJJ said And I just don't want him to Irish nigga bro bag. Yeah, yeah that's what I'm saying bro. Like you talented bro. I don't want nobody to ever put no somebody in your name 'cause it ain't got nothing to do with how you play basketball. Nah for sure. Like even with the age shit. Yeah You know what I'm saying? He have his stuff off the court but age just go dunk on niggas and he might say something in the interview but also he ain't on social media much ever since. What happened? What happened? You don't see ae on social media unless it's ad promo. Yeah ja that shit happened. Ja, this ja da. It's like bro don't don't antagonize these people bro. There's a lot of people out here who got decisions that can make about you that could fuck you up for no reason bro. He Legend for that payoff though. I ain't gonna lie that 18 but that baby innocent bro. I don't be the first nigga say it Bro. I know I don't know about that shit.


I, I do. Yeah he paid that girl off for 18 years. But that baby innocent bro take care of that baby. That baby didn't ask to be here But for sure I don't know if that's facts though. What? I don't know if that really happened. Well I'm saying if he did that's fire but shit, take care of that baby though bro. Yeah, I don't know the facts behind that but if you, I mean respect but yeah I don't give a damn. I would did that Motherfucker gave you the option though to pay it off for 18 years? Yeah. Yeah. Why I'm making all like make it all the bread I can, I would pay. Yeah I'd been doing, You know it's crazy and not to joke about the situation but Mike's most hated thing on earth. Somebody was just like, damn can I put it on Afterpay?


I started crying. I said Mike Harris was seen the Afterpay Option. For real. We get Afterpay deal. Shout to Afterpay. I just, this weekend we tapped in Baby you got 1800. Oh what is Afterpay? There's some shit you can do four. We argue with Mike about it all the time. There's shit you can do four installments. I don't, I don't think we should, we should talk down on Afterpay. It's a great Nah, Afterpay is amazing. What what is Afterpay though? Afterpay is basically you can, certain things you can get, you can break it down to payments and say like you wanna get something from the store. If it's Afterpay ready you can break it down to four payments or if you oh Way when you can't afford your shoes But you can get it Now. You still want your Shoes. Oh my. Wow. So I'm gonna go borrow $200 to buy this thing that I can't currently afford so I can hopefully pay it back in.


Oh they, they green, that's the smartest thing. They Who who? Oh we need to talk to them. They smart. Yeah I mean I love Afterpay for people. It is Such, I wanna do Afterpay. I love Afterpay. For me, I, how do I, how do I be a part? I can least start after. There's A bunch of different services. Five 20, pay five 20. We get you this Credit Karma. There's not Credit Karma Klarna at Yeah, yeah. Autumn Afterpay. This I think Chime I believe does it as well. I don't know about the Chime. It's a whole bunch of People. You a scammer, you got Chime, chime. No you're Not. Chime is a great, I thought chimes a niggas in a joint, You know Chime, it's for, for the average American that needs Oh yeah I seen, I seen the oh the Chime. Okay. Yeah I thought you was something about the other shit my me too.


Yeah, I seen. Shout to homies on J. No shout Out to Exactly. Pretty guys Shout out to Chime though. We talking about two totally different things. Love Chime. I seen that chime a before. Yeah I never, I never knew what y'all I I think when you, like you said if you're using it responsibly, which most people do who use that stuff, it is very beneficial because you can use it for damn or anything. So if you can use it to help better your life and it help you get to payday, I'll fuck with it. Yeah because gonna get a payday loan, fuck your shit up if you pay the shit on time and four payments. Ain't no penalties. Ain't no extra fees. Ah damn it's green. Yeah. Now copay on top. This really sound like an ad we did for Afterpay and this is honestly not an ad. I'm advocate they just got some free shit for whatever. I mean I ain't mad at it.


I'm just saying the reason why I wouldn't really do it is because bro I'm gonna probably forget bro. That's what I'm saying, like do they give you updates on you? No, your card is they, we going get off the subject because they didn't forget. But your debit card is inserted. They gonna get their bread back. Oh they're not asking you to call them next Friday and pay. They said no it's gonna out to account next Friday. It's green. I ain't even gotta worry about it. It's already up. Well I need one for the grocery store as much as I spend, I'm about 4, 4, 5. Happy With Kroger. That's why you Yeah, you need with, you need 4,200 or more bro. You got seven kids you can put the four 200. Oh for Sure. Hey man stop speaking of my family Kids.


I see I was this I shit. See I I to, I went to his house bro listen, I went to his house. I went to his house bro. He, he had six TV sitting rooms. Watch TV bro. Yeah a couple TV rooms. Yes bro. He didn't have one TV room. That was my old house. When you walk in you Had a TV room, A tv. When you walk in the dining room He had a tv. When You walk in TV this nigga about and then you outside. Mike can't bite nobody over. That's the Point. No me, you, your kids, us. We all be sitting on the same couch like no Nobody's invited. Like Mike we gotta stop by man. Little Mikey go be sitting over there trying to play Minecraft.


He gonna kick 'em all. We Going to beat hubs or Hooters or so To niggas. Look at beat hubs. It's crazy as adults. Niggas gotta come over your house. No Kids wanna watch crazy. Always to my house man. My house is door's always open. Come on man. That's a lot. That's five 20. It's over here. How many kids go outside jam on trampoline or So he said the house, he said that's live. That's A lot bro. What everybody been to my house? Nobody's Been to the house Bro. Not this one but that one I ain't ain't finished yet. Other people's coming to the house bro. 'cause it was 20,000 square foot you was in Kaco. Why? That's why, why he doing all that man?


22 What Lu say it How You know how big this house was? This nigga had a party and it was a motherfucker still swimming in his pool at six in the morning. What the fuck bed? He like I I ass nigga. Oh shit. I can't tell niggas we snitching.


Listen, we just heard somebody shout out my dog pee. I was just trying to close the pool for the night bro. Somebody was still swimming. That nigga got in trouble. I ain't get in trouble nigga Lying to My Man niggas. I started five 20. I'm tuned in now let's go dj. I got another hour. Me now of course. Let's go. Hey alright you got a broker? The deal Joe. Joe said he, You know what I'm saying, he opened up to run the woods gets B here. Oh yeah Joe, calm down.


What's the rebuttal? B? He what you got? What's up? Let's we, let's play for some cheese. Oh B bread. Not for the love of the game. Yeah for the love. Let's get some sponsors involved. Like let's put some money up man. Draft Kings. What's the over and under for the B? He? Yeah we wanna do that for real draft keys. We could figure it out. You can put me and Joe on this car. You know what I mean? I think that'd be good for a crash out be so Yeah honestly I think everybody just tapping in it's open to do the content and just to link up. I think it's far. Yeah because realistic when you look around it's a lot of us who are leaders in this field And I think it's dope that everybody fucking with each other. I know it's competitive. We gonna talk shit. Niggas is gonna win, niggas gonna lose. But I think it's dope that everybody locked in on this shit.


For real. For real. Yeah. Yeah. I was say damn nigga called me out Joe. Everybody was sitting us when we was outta town. I thought it was fake. Yeah I'm excited to see Joe Button. Verse b He nah That that'll be cool. I I got my five 20 jersey already ready. We already know what time it is and if anybody else on y'all power wanna play. DJ won smoke so. Oh. On that Joe button couch. Oh it's Christmas. Oh I saw, I saw the mix tape. It's Christmas. Yeah. Hey now I did see Gil said they wanna run threes. They said we can't use mooc. No, Moog is a part of team. Yeah he five 20 in the morning bro. Tap in PII get fucked up though. That nigga Josiah really used to, he played D one ball. Josiah is seven foot. Oh no, no, no, nah. He go I, I speaking to the viewers.


You know how they get out pocket. Well That's cool because that's gonna be your matchup. I mean well they they got all hoopers Though. Yeah they they Got Ken Morgan we Got, we gotta play like Gil and them. Yeah like Gil Ro and Ma and people like that. Gil We can play Gil. Yeah we go Gill came over no more so we play Gil Swaggy PI don't You know who else got Swaggy? P and Brandon like Rashad McCant's too big bro. Nah, Rashad's still getting tore Bro. Yeah bro, he like, he like a pro wrestler for real Bro. He do but I still think he get a bucket bro. Yeah, nah but he, I'm saying he he, yeah he going he probably kill us bro. Ain't going That nigga is, he is Like 2 45 bro. They was just hooping.


I just seen Nick Young hooping against Julian Newman though. Ah For real? They was running threes or something with it. Oh the creator thing? Yeah. Yeah I was supposed to go to that but we chose to go to Dreamville. Oh for real. Hey man Julian Newman got there and said I beat step cur when one niggas just like, Hey bro, shut that shit up. Yeah I'm tired talking about home. Yeah, respect. Respect the pipe. Key balling key. What's the tournament where they be wearing all the crazy color jerseys? What? Oh they be PAC they be wearing, it's the AU tournament so they be wearing all the weird color camo jerseys. Oh He's talking about that Camp? Yeah, I can't think their name. Respect To some, some Tvm tv.


Miss tv. Yeah We talking about all fall 20 team. He is definitely the pioneer of that because he has the most elite mix tapes of him dripping for no reason in New Jersey bro. Nah for sure. Yeah him and they had a dude that used to be good went to Arizona, was supposed to go to Arizona State. He is a big guard. He's supposed to be good. He is like Oh yeah, I know exactly who you talking about. He was was Bald as hell. Damn. Kyrie he got a little frog. Yeah Kyrie he went to Ky Walker. Kyrie Walker. Kyrie Walker. Kyrie Walker. Omar Bailey used to play in that shit too. Yeah, Anytime you see them Jersey in your timeline it's gonna be straight Bull Tv. Shout him out man. UConn getting, getting a national championship crazy man. Yeah it was definitely a belt to ass situation and shit but Paige for sure shout to her man cemented herself.


I know we talk about Juju going through a crazy injury with the ACL but Paige went through two injuries, now she back National chant top three scoring a Yukon. That's fire man. Are we gonna go in depth morning about this in the morning or are we we here I was just, just showing love. Yeah we gonna talk more in the morning about it but I just think like the Women's Final Four concluded. Obviously we got the men's, we'll talk about it more in the morning but so far you right man. We got a Houston, Florida. I, I told you what the vibes was. I I know bro. I don't really miss too often but I wanted to say something. This is the first year that I can remember that the man's Final four has been better than the women's. That is a fact. And I was thousand percent. I was getting to that point too because I was like the women's Final Four obviously, You know what I'm saying? It took place but it was kind of built to ass situation.


Yeah And it lacked star power. Like when Juju got hurt. Yeah. It was only Paige that really had the star power. Yeah. It kind of lacked star power. But I told y'all how this is not me hating or anything. I told y'all how it would go with women's basketball. Like when Kailin Clark left you see the drop off of college. Right. Juju still had it going but she's not, she's better than Caitlyn to me as a basketball player. But her Yeah love. She ain't as polarizing yet as Kayla was. So even if she would've made the final, I don't think it would've been that big as big. Like maybe her against Paige would've had some that've been That would've been fire Bro. It would've been a good, Caitlin also had Angel too.


Yeah, For sure. Angel. Angel helped out a lot. But too was fire. It was also they were a little school like they were like the da True. Like obvious. Obviously Iowa was a big times school. We know what you're saying. Yeah. It was A littler school compared to Yukon. Nah, Yeah South Carolina. These powerhouses And she had this little Iowa team going against these powerhouses so people were rooting for her obviously. Yeah, That's the same thing I told you. Like the drop off and now if she, she has to perform this a year, this year, she has to play well but she don't play well or she just average. I think the drop off will happen again. And I, I brought it up because we talk about the portal all the time and joking but I wonder if that's gonna have a crazy effect on women's basketball too.


We talk about what the stars. So we look at the Notre Dame situation, one of their best players for one it the W transfer like it's gonna affect the women's side for sure. Now you look at Haley man, at least she went to three different schools. But listen, she had a tough time at LSU but she went to TCU and got her shit off. Yeah she was hooping so now her draft stock is up. It's okay for women's basketball. You could say to me, if you a woman in college And you 27 keep hooping if you getting the bread. Yeah. Facts because you gotta still be human being and live when you leave the college campus. So. Right. And I hope they get more money. Obviously that's the goal for the WI want everybody to get paid more. I it ain't my money so I hope y'all can, if y'all can give 50 million a year, shout out to y'all for sure.


Yeah the TV deal was going up next year for some. Yeah but my whole point is about the W because I remember we had a debate some years, some months ago we was talking about Caitlyn Clark And I was like yo, it's going the stardom, the fandom is going like wind down when she get to the W and then she had a cracking this year and now they on what they got like 41 TV games outta 43 or something like that. And it's like okay I get it. But if she doesn't perform at a super high level next year, it's kind of like eh. You know what I mean? I see what you're saying though bro. But she's so dynamic bro. No she fire. I don't And you ain't saying she sad but I'm saying I just don't see her not having 30, 40 point games every once in a while.


No and she is, but the excitement about it is kind of like it's already kind of down. Like we excited about the w we're more on the news right now. Might hold out or whatever for the money or whatever. But people excited about the upcoming season but not really about Kailyn Clark. I dunno bro about yeah bro. I ain't never seen that many t-shirts with a No no, no I'm not Our city is but I'm saying like when they're out season we don't talk about Kailyn Clark 'cause she's not a person that's on tv. Yeah. She don't fuck with you. She don't do anything outside of that. She just want a hoop. Yeah. So like you said Juju was more polarizing because she do social media, she's out active, she go to games, she do all this stuff but we don't see Kaitlyn Clark at all until it's time to play basketball.


Right. And if she's the person that's kind of like, I'm not gonna say saving the league, but if she's one of the faces of the league who's bringing more, You know people to the game. If you don't see her when they out for seven months, they only play what three months? Yeah. Three or four. Yep. So when she missing for seven it ain't, it ain't holding like you don't see her nowhere. She got a lot of weight on her shoulders bro. Yeah And and I'll say this, she is saving the league. Yeah. Just to be fair. I know you don't wanna say it. I'll say it. She's saving the league. Yeah. From Coach Buss to airplane tickets. Come on bro. But I'm saying like you just gotta do more on the off season for us to like appreciate it. 'cause right now her missing out a college basketball, the women's game, I ain't even know they played yesterday.


I didn't even know they played today. Yeah. And I think that's the travesty. There's no way a national champ should be playing at three o'clock. Yeah we didn't. That's crazy bro. Yeah that Is especially how great the women's basketball circuit has been. Especially their final fours the last three to four years in particular has outshine the men's by far because men's Final four, that was crazy. Yeah. Boys was like to the club 'cause we had to see that. Yeah that that Duke Houston game bro. Crazy. Yeah. Fuck she might have to enter that one-on-one shit. Yeah she might have to play in that In the rivalry. Yeah, on robbery. Yeah. They want do that. She might have to do that but like, I don't know bro, if I'm her I, I understand she don't said marketing because I'm like look y y'all was just on the coach showing y'all wristbands to get on this bus. Yeah. Now we with our iPhones putting them on the, on the scanner.


Right. Treated like Dreamville with the wrist. Like You know what I'm saying? So maybe she just, You know, wants to get outta life for a little bit. But that's No and She do. But I'm just saying as far as it's not her responsibility that's, that's not at all. She just supposed to come do her job and that's what she want to do. But I'm saying like we everybody in the world pushed her to this park and like to say the league and to do this and be the face of the league. I'm this, I'm that and she just wanna hoop. That ain't even her. Like I just wanna hoop hang with my friends and come back next year and do it again. But for them to be successful that's the person that has to be like the face. We never had to worry about LeBron not being seen in the summer. Yeah. She's supposed to have her game and Angel Reese's personality just for that lead to Well that Lead is Boom.


Yeah. Not saying she gotta do it. I'm just saying. I'm just saying Ideally yeah she was at like even like Sabrina be at the McDonald's game. Yeah. She's here and She's like Angel, angel pull up the shit Like that. Yeah she's at the Unrival, she played the Unrival And you just get to see her more. Yeah. And like Kailyn that's what make her special too. You don't get to see her so when you do get to see her it's like damn it's an event I'm going, she bring Back the nineties eighties vibes for sure of athletes But as far for the league they need, people need to see her more 'cause we forget about it. Yeah. And listen re got a squad this year. She messed around. Go get a chip this year. Nah they do. That be what's up? She go get a chip this year. It'll really change my shit up Because they kept the two guard didn't they?


Yeah. Kelsey's back for sure. We had to keep Kelsey Mitchell one of the COEs. Y'all still got, y'all big. Most definitely. We got Leah Boston in the future. Yeah man y'all who'd y sign Off season? We got some crazy pickups. I fuck I didn't mean to put you spot there bro. That's what I'm saying. I know it's, I know offhand I names And I don't wannam say we don't like not even Ana Bon code. She just came to the city for show. Yeah, I'm just saying see how like the world don't just talk about that. Yeah. Like But that's why I be telling people like we, we just, I ain't going, not trying too. Natasha Howard pulled up OG bet she size as hell. We big now so people just see us like talking shit. But we really keep women's basketball culture because We like it Brianna Turner.


But that's what I'm saying, Main legend. It don't be no hey we really be showing love. Like DJs for sure tapped into that shit. For sure. He's way more tapped into me. Sidney Carlson from the ACEs because I, I forget once, once college basketball started you Are big on college, women's college basketball For sure. I can keep up with that 'cause I can see it's shown more. Right, right, right. Like WNBA is three three months. Yeah. Yeah. And they play so many games so quick. True. And it ain't that many teams in the league. And if your team not good, what am I watching for? You know what I mean? You kind of lose track. Yeah we don't watch The Wizards so we definitely not about to watch the watch team W that's just respect. Yeah. Facts. But speaking of transfer portal, shout to Master P.


Yeah man. What'd he do signed? I guess he might be the oldest in the transfer portal. I forgot his name. Jamal Gibson. Jamal Gibson. Shout Jamal Gibson. Yeah. That's him right there? Yes sir. Oh damn Trench baby. For sure. Yeah. Where he from? Florida, New Orleans. Okay, okay that makes sense then. Yeah, LB buck. But You know he 27 bro. So this is Ah damn. How many your eligibility he got left? Four. Two More. Oh two more. Oh he went juco? No he has no prior basketball experience. Ain't no way in. Hell Yeah he, he dropped out. He became a tattoo artist.


He was a tattoo artist before this. Oh. That's why he got all him down tattoos. Okay. Yeah, but he's six eight this, he had natural ability. He said he wanted to go back to school when he went back to school was a walk on and he just killed Probably cold but he's 27 So p his freshman year you average 21 and 15. Damn. And the Yeah 2115. Yeah bro. Damn he Raw So PP went to go find him. So that's what I'm saying if he, he didn't have go far if he right. But I'm saying though, if he gets him to the league bro that is going to turn that university up Bro. He go with kill next year, university of New Orleans. It's gonna be crazy.


He went to the Southern University of New Orleans, now he's going to the University of New Orleans. Yeah That's hard call. That's hard. And after he killed next year he would be at Auburn University. So I Brought him up to say I'm okay with that because that is rare. Oh now he fucked with the border. No, no, no. Listen he wasn't somebody from 18 and went on and kept playing some. Yeah somebody came and found like you got a hoop, I got a better opportunity. I might got a little bag for you. You know what I mean? I know you doing your tattoos, you fuck around tattoo these kids on campus make a little side hustle change and come hoop come hoop bro. You average of 21 bro. He didn't start off nigga at goddamn Oak Hill, Mount Vern, duke, Yukon, Syracuse St.


John's like this is a rare story. Yeah. I wonder why he started hooping so late. He dropped outta high school. Oh he dropped outta high school. Damn. He about to change this man's life. For Real. That's why. Yeah he made money doing being tattoo artists to go back to school. So he paid For Nah that's far. I'm Rock his Story. That's his story. Dope. Okay. Shout out to Peter then Man. Said he was, I'm definitely rolling with him. He said he was gonna change lives so that boy start off with a, with a real game changer for sure. Yeah that's motherfucker. I talk about me blindside he need to, I say his 30 for 30. Yeah his story gonna be crazy. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Even if he get a good overseas deal He gonna be like Andre, he gonna be the oldest rookie call up ever. Yeah And for you to be averaging that them type of numbers is ridiculous.


And you the old for Real he done fucked up. It is a kid who was trying to get to a high D one that had to play him and shit. He is like bro this nigga is 27 bro. I'm 19 years old But that kid is out of pocket though to me because bro I'm who I tat you sad bro. You I'm a tattoo orders bro. So shout out to him man. I just wanted to highlight you today bro. That's what's up. Nah for sure man. Shout bro. Last chance you ain't got shit on him boy. Yeah He went and found him for sure. That's crazy man. Shout out to the portal. It's beneficial for everybody to get money right now. Alright man. Before we get outta here, y'all see this New Friday movie? You got Green Lit? It's official. Okay, Who In it last Friday?


I that we don't know. It's supposed to be last Friday Is. Oh. He said you don't know but I was wondering if Chris Tucker's a part of that. He gotta be a part of the last, I would pray that we would have Chris Tucker and Mike Epson that if we got Smokey and Dday in the movie and Kirk Kurt Williams. Oh for sure that would be Deebo ain't gonna be here. Yeah RIP Pops ain't gonna be there. RIP some people lost along the weight now I can see I already got the movie in my head now it's gonna be like big characters. It's gonna be like Pop's funeral like that'd be crazy. It's gonna be like Pop's funeral and everybody pull up. Yeah everybody pull up to Pay Respects to Pops Kat. Everybody that ever been in the movie Kat and then like Deebo they gonna show like yeah Deebo had died like yeah he came back to the neighborhood.


I see it already. You know I wrote the movie for you. Cube. Cube came back to the neighborhood. They found out Deebo passed. Well hopefully he came home 'cause Pops passed. Hopefully. Hopefully it's just the rep pass and they just kicking it talking about it. Yeah. Something You know to that Point. Yeah something, something like that. Yeah because if they pull back on that block I'm gonna know something. I know that. But listen, that big three money too much for Cube be spending a block. Well you gonna pull up on a block. They gonna talk about Deebo. They he coming to see his family about man y'all hear about having to Deebo blah blah blah. Deebo had passed too. It's gonna be like the last Friday. Everybody's shit just happening and Chris Tucker gonna be a preacher. I could see that but that way he could play his role and still be who he want to be.


Yeah. Like Smokey didn't turn his life around. Yeah o obviously Mike F's still gonna be funny as hell. He can be my cousin And I bro. My cousin to the neighborhood 'cause his cousin ain't been to the neighborhood. Damn. Because They could have, You know what Smokey Gonna be running, smokey gonna be Bernie Mac now from Rehab a now Smokey Bernie Mac. He could be like coming outta rehab changed his life. He a preacher now. Okay. I done wrote the movie. Come on man. See we gonna get this one for all. Them gonna be Crash ELs going on missions For sure. I'm gonna keep excited for it bro. I ain't gonna hold you. I'm gonna geek for it. Yeah I am too. That's classic French house. Y'all movie here too. If that ain't busting, y'all going to be pissed.


Yeah bro. If it, if they nah I ain't gonna Keep that. These are some tough movie critics y'all. We love Q but I'm just saying like these Two ahead. Go ahead put the budget like put the budget in bro. Lock here bro. Don't tarnish the legacy bro. Here. Budget go crazy with the budget. Anthony Mackey man get you a role in this one Bro. And on that note we gonna get the fuck outta here. I still like seeing Captain Merck. I got tap in. I I saw it bro. What was it about? Don't Hate. It was cool. It wasn't bad. I'm not gonna lie. It was cool. It was cool. I don't have much, it was cool. It was a Marvel movie. The budget's there. Yeah it's still Anthony Mackey but it's cool. I like Anthony Mackey man it it leads into the other movie. He mad about Tupac. He Gonna see DJ Bro You mad about the pac?


Anthony Mackey gotta see Dj. Nah, I'm mad about some other, what other movie he was in that you mad about? He was in Crossover wasn't he? Yes bro. I ain't see that Movie. That nigga with one on one with Hot Sauce. Yeah, quit fucking playing with me bro. That's a legend. Our House household. Anthony Mackey kidnapper? Yeah he, he played Papa Dot. Oh he did? I fuck with Anthony Mackey. I like, I like the movies he be in. Bro. I ain't, There was some notable films dj, I'm not disrespect, he got a Cool recipe. His ad Is respect bro. It is just it. It is just Ka. He just didn't like him playing Tupac. That what's up? I'm Tupac. That's crazy bro. But Tu, I Feel like Tupac said that I Do too. Hey, I'm not the biggest PAC fan but y'all got Pac fuck up. Happy Mackey Pac was an actor though.


Yeah And he was the better one than Anthony Mackey Pac was a really good actor. But I have Poet Justice. He facts. And he was supposed to be the real baby boy. If Pac would've got baby boy, it'd been the best movie we've saw. No, it only works because of parody. Yeah, that Movie is literally a parody. Yeah. Nobody believed that Tyrese was on that. I can't see two Pac selling dresses. Yeah. Like I can't, I see Tyrese doing that. Yes. Hey Tyree, no disrespect like nah, But I'm saying it is fitting bro. Yeah it fitted bro. I can't see Pac like, yeah go these dresses. I can't see that. How old was Tyrese in that movie? Was he old? Like oh old.


He was much older than he probably be like 30. Damn. He wasn't super old but he wasn't 18, 19 like he was supposed to be in the movies. Yeah, I ain't might at RAs then. 22. He was 22. Damn. You said he wasn't mad at Benra? I said That's too young. Yeah nigga was I about say Ben Rams ain out of pocket for power driving his mama like that. Asking nigga, hey you power drive though. In real life girl say if you look up her origin story, she right up her alley. Respect. What she, She she in the streets like that? Nah, Nah, she just live a very ok. I like how she live. No, not like that but I'm saying she live like in Africa and here. Oh. She like traveling like she live like all over the world.


She got, she said she had like seven passports. Oh okay. She been at Dreamville Fest for sure. Yeah, she said she date hella niggas like she got a nigga for whatever mood she in. But she said that don't mean they carving. Ah, she said for her birthday she got the double team. Oh yeah, she said she got, she got double team. They said the Dudley boys went crazy. Wait, Wait, wait. The D open gym dude. Yeah. Yeah. Shit run away from the grind. She, She said Well we talk about what girls like to watch. She said Met Jeff Hardy. Listen Wan to Wan Tom man. Hey does she got kids?


Oh I'm sick. All her son don't tell your birthday story like too now. She said on, on the Platform too. They t got a friend like me. I'm just saying bro. Damn. But I, I fuck with how she view her life. Yeah. Like that's a, that's a different view of life. We Call them free-spirited people. Yeah. Like to live in Africa half the time. And so you got a boyfriend that you pray with once you go eat with, Hey calling me to pray And I can't fuck is crazy. I'm here say How do I switch roles? I don't wanna be here Cook. I'm not praying for the next nigga to beat your shit in. That's like, that's like, that's like you being a nigga just to suck a bitch titties and then you nigga cracker Nevermind.


Now you waiting outside. Travis Hunter bro. Just eat her pussy bro. Warm her up bro. Pussy bro. Pregame Her pu crazy Warm her up for me bro. I'm about to tear up. I, I'm I out Be here and tell people that mech. I know some niggas like that, You know, just warm it up Chris. Just lemme eat it. Hey, damn. That's how you wanna do. Shout out to him. Yeah, there's a couple things I me saying let eat it bro. Me in the dm shit back in the day bro. Motherfucker you man.


Come on man. We get like this ball. No, for sure man. Shop club five 20 com Baby, we appreciate y'all. We be back next time. Club five 20, The Volume.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. It's time to drop bombs and diamonds, dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Athletes Unlimited Softball League and deep blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPG Tour Winner and sixth time Lady European tour Winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports Reporter and host. And We've got a podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.