
S there's a shortcut to platinum status at Shell to saving 10 cents per gallon on every fill every day. Just fill up six times with Shell V Power, nitro plus premium gasoline and it's yours. Plus you'll rejuvenate your engine. Get ready to level up performance, rewards and savings with continuous use and gasoline. Direct injection engine fuel injectors. Platinum status is earned with 12 Philips over three months, 10 gallon minimum per Philip. At participating shell locations terms apply, visit fuel rewards.com/status.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo,


This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you. Chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones, you go to eBay score all your once in a blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic street wear the experts verify accessories to match like Timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you can wear at Once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love vintages and red fashion eBay things people love.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Hey, it's Angela Yee. Searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color with 10 hour comfort and a non-drying matte finish. Spike Valentino is that girl with gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Mason Valentino's signature studs. And can you hear that magnetic click. Discover the 12 shades in Vibrant news and pops of color from Couture in the streets to its Valentino baby. The Volume.


All right, we back man. Another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Same gang with me trapping out on the weekend to my left. My dog Bishop B he out the Prairie Leagues. How you what? Nasty cool and Nasty. Let's get to it baby. For sure. To my right. My dog. Young Nacho Young Te with the interest in Jersey Choice today. You know Colorado one. So I had to show some love to Deion Sanders, I guess he's in Gillian Wallo up there at Boulderer. We trying to, we trying to get five 20 up there. I mean I don't know if y'all gonna be invited. I know I'm invited man. I don't wanna go to that shit. Can't wait till they play somebody for real. Shado look crazy out there.


Travis look crazy. Jimmy look crazy out there. They their thing. But they played a bunch of niggas with no NIL. Nobody on their team had an NIL deal. I'm nothing. Hey, what's crazy is going into a game Me like that's the new shit y'all niggas broke. Fuck when y ain't got no L. Y'all going see Outdoors ain. Easy Mac. Yeah Y ain't got no NIL nigga. That's what they play team with No NIL. You a hater bro. Shout out to North Dakota State man. Y'all get well soon. We on to the next opponent baby Man listen College football star, they they petty for starting 'em off on that Thursday night game. But man listen, I see all the X up there. I love to see it. Love the energy.


I just hope that they still pull up after week seven. Yeah Hey. there was a vibe up there though. I seen Goldberg and shit. That was the best celebrity he had. They had under there Goldberg, his song in the game. Oh shit. I don't know. Nah, probably not. They probably this Pointless bro. Go wrestle bro. Tap into the lineage. Yeah, it's real athletes out here bro. Not oh damn Outta Colorado. Yeah, got N-F-L-N-F-L projected stars on that team bro. I don't got time for these doing tug of war and shit with each other. Hey did you see that? They making a, what's coming out on the Vince McMahon doc? Yeah, I'm excited to see that. I'm mad they stopped it.


I'm mad that they stopped it right before the, before he had to step down. Yeah we we needed that in there too. But I imagine it's about to be old D bro. Vince McMahon is one of the craziest people that ever be a part of entertainment business. He lit, nevermind. I just wanna know how, how he started it. I all the other shit I know is bullshit. Yeah, how he started wrestling. Yeah, his dad started it where he bought the company from his pops Because he, I feel like when he got it kind of turned up like for real entertainment it Was territories. So like they used to have like I'm a wrestling nerd but they used to have territories so like around different states, different areas. Yeah, it was different wrestling companies. And then when he came, man, he bought the company from his pop, he started making it like livestream, like putting on cable and shit and he bought up the territories and started like hiring all the good talent out of the territories.


So didn't nobody go watch them fight no more. Damn, Vince was the coldest of Monopoly. Yeah. Nah. Vince really made a monopoly and then I mean say a lot about him but he was an innovator in a lot of different things. But some of the things that he was being an innovator about was not always good because them scripts they used to have bro. Especially the attitude here bro crazy for you to even make that shit up. Yeah, nah, fuck. It was funny he said he wanted to get his daughter pregnant on tv. Like he wanted his daughter to have a baby buy him on tv. Nigga was wild. His mind crazy as hell bro. Insane bro. He got so many crazy clips and they used, they start using them for like other random shit. Well he told what was the name, JB get out here you rapist. Yeah bro that shit is so crazy.


Nah, wrestl, what's up my nigga. Yeah, well he said that on here bro. Listen man, nigga on tv nigga said what up my nigga I'll beat his ass. That's y'all shit though. So ly y'all story Pocket man. What's better That or the Booker t and the whole Hogan. Oh Hogan we coming for you nigga because he's black so it felt, it felt like some shit like oh shit I got tap out of that bitch man. Sitting nigga way more confidence than your Booker C. That's a problem mine nigga. What the fuck? That's the shit y'all entertain y'all subscribe to to it. Fuck. Fuck Vince McMahon, Y'all subscribe to it. I ain't a fan. He don't, he don't work there no more so I can watch again.


Yeah he is definitely not affiliated with that company at all. It's so crazy. But like when rich people wild out because it's like they, they punishment is to make more money. Like old boy from the Redskins, well excuse me, the commanders that name is so trash but I mean respect to the people's man. When Dan son had to sell a team he was just like oh too bad I get to make a whole bunch of billions now. Fuck it like the nigga from the Clippers about Donald Sterling bro. Yeah. Oh fuck. I bought it for 300 by sell it for 2 billion. I'm in trouble. Fuck what's so, it's crazy. What's so crazy with Donald Sterling like he fuck everything in life. He crashed out 'cause she was like wait a minute, you can't be hanging with black people now. Yeah black people's crazy like everything else is cool but you can't just be hanging with magic counseling hanging with them niggas bro.


That's just nuts. She was black, he outta Pocket. Her kicking it with the niggas was crazy because he probably knew some shit that we didn't like. The basis of it is crazy but it's no telling what she was doing for real. But it was just so funny because it was like in particular Magic Johnson, he thinks he's such a great person. I'm like what? What did he do wrong bro? Him being, He named, he named him for a reason bro. But that was hate bro. He was just like, wait a minute, He named him bro. Nah bro, You know why Magic Johnson is a great guy but you know why he named him. He was hating on magic. He, he's not a good person. He cheats on his wife. I was like damn, hey no. Magic is crazy bro. That is crazy.


But never am I, I haven't been that alone. Y'all trying to go on different, I don't talk about something Else. Kelsey Brothers Hunter Mill. That's crazy. We'll never forget that. Shout to, that's crazy. But now shout out to Colorado man. I was, I shout out to shout out to the homie Mark man he called the game. He was just like the Colorado like would they be on against them bro? Is Damer like really, really hatred type shit? Like I don't care that much about college football but I didn't really want them to be successful 'cause people really take it like all the way there with them. Yeah they really hate them. Like that's why I'm gonna stop joking about that 'cause I be getting a lot of comments like people be writing me like yeah fuck Colorado. And I'm like hold on, I just be playing.


Y'all really hate them. Yeah. And y'all don't hate them. Y'all hate him. Y'all hate, there's the reason why y'all hate him. Y'all hate Deion Sanders. I'm Like because he the only one bringing the rappers. He bro, he's letting them niggas come in the locker room and perform. Bro That's fire. It's a lot going on. Niggas is. Everybody got chains, watches chador pool up in a new truck every week All and shout out to him for getting a Nike deal. That's fire. That's fire. But he just turned the city upside down. I think the city of Boulder fuck with him because of how much money they brought in. But yeah, it's, it's on the internet, it's, it's up for Dion. Oh yeah. You know the the the dog AbbVie's they get all they racist shit off. They can't wait till Colorado lose. Yeah they can't wait.


And we here again 'cause every time the Angel Reese plays fucking Caitlin Clark is going to be World War ii. And I used to think that soccer brought out all the racism in people but apparently that matchup brings out the best racism in everybody right now. That shit on tv Man. It don't matter what happens bro. It just always goes left on both sides. And I think it's the most ridiculous shit ever. That's the WNBA bro. They asked for it. Caitlin Clark was cool killing though. Oh gosh. She was hooping. She was hooping and it was light too. And I think what's it's starting to get tilted now. You start seeing the LeBron tweets start seeing some other people commenting on that that weren't commenting on that before. And of course They can trying Gilbert, but you just had to give her time. She had to justice to faster game now she done got comfortable bro.


She's shooting crazy shit. Like what Angel Reese did that game Two points 11 rebounds. I mean what's her shoot? But nevermind. No I and listen, I I ain't gonna get on that but I think that it's disgusting that she stayed in down 25 to get that double double bro. That is nasty. It's nasty bro. That you're a hundred for points at 1 25 left in the game. Y'all down 22. Take her out the game. Fuck that. My double dose. No, don't fuck my shit. That's a Meaningless step when you getting it like that. No Bro. Nah fuck it. I want my steps. Yeah I used to let, these niggas is probably still mad at him bro. Now he up the podcast bro. Yeah bro, that's par of Hayes bro.


You can't say fuck that bro. Bro that's And that's my legacy. I need another one so I can make the record even harder to get bro. Nah, That's a fact. I just wonder what her shooting percentage was. Us. You okay? Yeah that's, that's a Ricky Davis triple double. I'm cool bro. What y'all think I'm gonna go 3, 4 11? What's, What's the, I'm gonna say she shot 50% from the field. I'm always putting Angel 50. I'm gonna go smooth 37 7 put her 50. She never shoots 50 Because I'm, I'm hoping for the best bro. I'm not a hiding ass niggas. Hey, Hey I'm, see there you go. That's, that's exactly what happen in this situation. You gotta pick a side. No I'm not because you Can't be honest. Oh umm 50% my computer's Not.


Oh damn we ain't paid a wifi bill here today. 38% Lord Jesus. We getting closer baby. Getting close enough we gonna reach that Mark. Kayla's her dog though bro. She just the best player in the WNBA bro. That's what it's about to come to. They about to push her to that bro. Nah, a angel Was well her brand bro, they going push her bro. I'm telling you. All right, give it over the next two or three years. Ka Clark gonna be everywhere bro. She gonna be the best player in the league rather you like it or not, it is just, nah Bro. Be the player in the league. She gonna be, she gonna be the most marketed player in the league. 1000%.


Yeah like old girl from Liberty is very marketable but she's not nowhere near the best player. Talking about Sabrina. Yeah. Alright Sabrina. If anybody should be mad Sabrina by can Clark she cold but it is they it is about to get quiet. Yeah. So she took all Sabrina Lu about to get quiet. Good thing she gotta shoot before her. Yeah her shoe's hard Because I like fire. What's her name from Dallas, Enrique. I like Enrique. I like Enrique way better than Kaylin. But her getting all them stats and you being the most popular person it's going to just going to look. That's what you about to look like. She's about to be the LeBron of the WNBA bro. Oh She's about to be the face the league 1000%. That's not even, yeah LeBron is, I don't know about LeBron but she gonna be the face of the league for sure of The WNBA.


No way. LeBron is Aja Wilson. I'm asleep bro. Asleep bro. How? Hey you going gang comparison for sure Talking about on and off the court nigga sleep on LeBron being Aja Wilson it's dead bro. Nobody wants Asia Wilson nothing like Oh like she's a very popular player for sure. But I think that that's Cool but when it comes to selling merch and all that other shit that comes with off the court, they're going take Kalyn Clark over Aja Wilson. Oh yeah, that's, that's right now. But that shit going to die off in like two years.


Mm bring so yeah bro I think they gonna take a page man they ain't gonna let her fail. I think she done got Codebook. They gonna Yeah bro, they let her Fail. She gonna be their moneymaker for a long time bro. What I'm trying to say is like people love the WNB like they like it now because she was so exciting for them two years in college. Right. I mean she killed her whole college career but them last two years she was exciting so the excitement kind of carried over in year one. It already died down a little bit to keep it going. They had to make it controversial between her and Angel. And Angel really kept it going 'cause Angel do pet like shit. She talk shit, she do all that. So she kept the beef going and then like chasing stats and shit. She kept it like going Now it's a battle between rookie of the year next year ain't no more rookie of the year.


Y'all gonna be pros. What y'all battling for? Y'all already made all star teams and shit nigga it is gonna die off and then it's gonna be another white girl come Paige, Beckman, Paige gonna come. They gonna start gassing her 'cause she better than her. She better than Kailyn. Think Paige better than Kailyn? Yeah she better than her. She just, Caitlyn was just a popular like she was just like once in a lifetime she had everything bottled up at the right time and it worked. Yeah it was like er Fette but then she went to the W and like worked If er Fette would've worked. Hell no she was, That's how er Fude Was in college. Yeah er Fette didn't do shit in the NBAI. That's What I just just said nigga She kills in the WNBA nigga. Her good bro. Her killing in the WNBA and being popular nigga that's gonna erase her.


She She does good. You Don't you compare er Fette to a a Adam horse and not a Kailin Clark. No I'm saying Jennifer Fette in college was the same as Kailin Clark. He was a phenomenon. Everybody loved him. He got picked 10 Bro. I respect that but shit did not transition it's trans to First. No I'm telling he was gonna die off. It's A-W-N-B-A every people start off like that. Sabrina was just like that. Mm. We was all Sabrina. Sabrina like you just said shit Died off. I watch this shit. I don't shit Going to die off. It's just no offense to girls' basketball but that's just how it go man. I think that this ca they gonna try to ride this kaly train out till Juju get there. They gonna ain't gonna have a choice. They gonna try but shit. But you yeah she gotta keep producing for sure. Yeah it was just a cool transition.


'cause the W played right after. Yeah college was over so the hype was still there now. Now it's about to go into a season where ain't no more Kaitlyn Clark ain't shit going on. Ain't no USA shit. It's about to go back to boys basketball. They gonna be missing for a while and niggas gonna be likes gonna get back to like it ain't gonna be that hype. She was like a smooth transition. It happened boom, boom boom. Summer came, she got picked WNBA started y'all see and when y'all do y'all gonna be like, I mean what the fuck? I mean I'm not Y'all say gonna happen. I just want something funny to happen to where like Angel Reese and her on the same team. Like if somehow she came to the Fever that would be fucking hilarious.


That'll fuck the N-W-N-B-A up That would fuck every audience up. 'cause then niggas would have to get along. Yeah they'd be on some remember Titans type shit. I don't think they would let that happen either though. Nah, she's gonna franchise. That's the only thing that keep people entertained right now is seeing them two battle it out. Like them having a ticket for $350. Yeah you see that game when I seen the lowest ticket price in Chicago, you got nothing? No hell no. Actually respect but ain't no way. I feel like that would just by any NBA game too. But no not for that one. Shout out to the brand of the brain Strong Must see for $350 last year you could take Pike, north Central, Lawrence Central, Warren Central.


You could whole basketball team. I'm just boys and girls. I just Wanna see if that shit lasts bro. Mm. We're gonna tap back in to see she going crazy right now. Hey we got new music this week. Y'all fuck with the Big Sean album at all? I like it. I ain't even listen to it. I Like it. I I spent it. I Like it. Gave it to Smith. Yeah I gave it to Smith. Nah Big Sean. Big Sean came right he came right. Yeah He just ain't got no big big record off there but he don't got no I don't fuck with you type record on there. He didn't rap his ass off though bro. So I think he's another person who just been a, a victim of unfortunate timing 'cause then Drake took the, took the sing not the single, the song that was a throwaway that now he put on Apple Music and that song is far.


What song is that? The Hym 21 and Thug. Oh yeah that. That shit's crazy. That Motherfucker is raw. That shit is crazy. Well that's Drake though. I Ain't heard it. I spin it. Yeah It's raw. I just think I big Sean probably should have never just stopped. He shouldn't have went on the break. Yeah I used to like Big Sean, he was raw. Anytime a nigga going to they spiritual realm, I don't fuck with him no more. When nigga start burning Sage. Yeah It's kind of like you kind of kind of fucked up when you try to get right you kind of fucking your brand up. Yeah Like dude you gotta do it under wrap. Like pause like I'm not saying you supposed to like hide what you going through but like you supposed to keep that shit to yourself so fuck them 'cause they healing, healing peace like in private like yeah we like your music.


I'm going through some shit and I'm saging my crib and I'm doing all that. I ain't gonna let y'all know I'm gonna come on here and clown still clown. Then when I leave here I'm gonna be like y'all need to pray like yeah bro we didn't get our future going through some shit. Oh we gonna hear it. Don't tell us you go through some shit. Tell us to do drugs. Yeah because I I'm like shit if I wrote, if I wrote r and b music I only wanna write r and b music for toxic people Like writing a writing a motherfucker r and b record for like a Michelle and Obama type of couple. I mean Michelle and Barack type of couple. I mean Michelle and Barack type of couple is whack. You saw Tyrese he said ain't nobody wanna hear love music talk about fuck them. That's what sells now. Nah for real like Aren niggas that's in relationships don't make good music Bro.


That's why Summer Walker when she happy her shit trash Lil nigga cheat on her. That motherfucker album gonna be cold. Yeah Keisha Cole's prime example single Keisha Cole is Golden. Hey soon as Booby stepped in brought her all the way back down. Yeah hell my nigga just date anybody down so shit. Who's she dating now? Probably so old nigga bro. I used Love Keisha Cole, I was growing up cold Bro. Keisha Cole before the Gap got closed bro. Undefeated Cold bro. Yeah that's crazy 'cause niggas on the internet were just like yeah you could talk about that people going through stuff and playing. Right. It was like if it wasn't for no Colorado we wouldn't have got the black Mamba. Nah for sure that's true though.


I mean we didn't wish that but I mean of course not kind of but he was always a dog though too though. So ain't no telling But in the music shit you could, when niggas be fucked up they make their best shit. That's crazy because When niggas was niggas one or another good kid Mad City outta Kendrick as much as y'all talk about his albums after that once he really like bro said got two spiritual or one off in his hiatus, it got wicked bro. Yeah They got wicked bro. I don't like when niggas go, oh niggas get mad at me I that pimp or butterfly. I don't want to hear that shit. That's the same way I feel about j Cole for your eyes only that should have just been for them nigga. We did not need that shit. Yeah, yeah Only niggas like Jay-Z and them was cool when they got into relationships and shit like that.


That nigga cheated. Nah I that nigga did cheat Beyonce shout out like Shout out to my nigga man. Yeah y'all niggas is wild. I was saying, I said he cheated Because he ended up getting the person who could give him the best teacher ever Thought. Niggas acting like Donald Sterling chill without that motherfucker tell I just, I dunno if it's for sure somebody said Becky heck here I shit we saw Solange in the elevator. That nigga got caught. He said it on 4 4 4. Woody And Charleston. He said it on 4 4 4. Shit I just, I'm just thinking how cold of a pause like but how cold of a nigga are you to fucking cheat on Beyonce nigga that means my girl can't say nothing because Beyonce could cheated on him.


You cold take it on the chin killer bro. Shout to that nigga man. I wonder what shorty bad. She probably wasn't. That's usually how I go. Are y'all done? Hey, hey Did you see Woody on the bus talking about he was like he kept having sex with his girl day. He was just like, and she kept laughing and he said when I a couple days later I know why she kept laughing. She was like, she burned me nigga I was crying, what's wrong with me bro? And they was like how did you go about it? You know did you go to the clinic? He was just like yeah and I told everybody, I said what? At least he trying to get back. Right. Shout out to the antibiotics.


No like even when Jesus got in a relationship it was kind of like damn bro. Oh jeez, snowman Kind of really once he made this shit public it's kind of like damn bro really taking life serious bro. Yeah he came lying when he started dating that Chinese chick. It was like fuck Like man he got you with Chinese because He stopped even going on tour and shit. You see when he broke up, what we He was we What we just go To? Hey man they was, they was holding my nigga back bro. She ain't, she ain't know who that, she ain't know that was Mr. 17 five nigga. Nigga was eating that rice and shit. She met Jay Jenkins. She ain't know Jeezy, he was eating rice and shit and nigga went back to getting some chicken and waffles nigga. For Sure. That's what I'm saying. What Motherfuckers saying to me like boy you eating that rice and goddamn chicken Nu spicy curry, when you gonna get back to them Collard greens, Spicy curry.


Woohoo that shit he To the, I just had to make sure She was Chinese. So you didn't defend nobody. Is she Chinese? She Chinese Vietnamese. Oh yeah that's, that's like the Dominican Mexican situation. You call it Vietnamese person Chinese it is up. No she Both though. That's a crazy blend. Yeah I'm nothing on her though. She tried to take my nigga to the cleaners. Oh for sure Man that's like with Tyree please stop talking about your ex out here in these streets because apparently she going back for the child support shit. Oh you got a new movie That's more money to give to me. Stop saying my name in public. Yeah that is vicious man. I mean that's what happened. That's what you signed up for though.


I is What you damn near if you like Rich, I'm gonna keeping it a being with you damn near gotta get you a your girl damn near gotta be from your hometown back in the day like thorough bro. You can't get you a bad one once you get, once you get on, Especially if you ain't even used to 'em either. Yeah nah you swimming uncharted waters. Yeah you gotta go back with something you familiar with. You might as well just take old girl like LeBron high school sweetheart just dug it out with her. Yeah because I agree. Yeah it is tough. I ain't gonna lie. That's tough Because motherfuckers get a motherfucker's ear like when especially like just say if you just on, you been on for like five, six years and you ain't used to cracking nothing that's cold and that one cold one come up bro.


You got a letter just hit and run bro. Yeah you can't stay. Yeah it get wicked. Yeah bro Hit and run like a African with no insurance For sure because that shit will get dangerous bro. Once you get a motherfucker pregnant and God damn. Ooh Motherfuckers move to LA on you Boy. Woo. That's where they going Hit the LA move. You already know because that child for a little bit higher whole time strip in Texas you gotta get you one in from back home when you was at the crib. 'cause like especially if you from like a small town like us. Yeah like if you tell a motherfucker hey man we just gonna work it out, I'm gonna give you 3,500 a month. Fuckers like damn 3,500 nigga bitch you came Up because the first thing girls do is times by 12 and that calculator They like oh yeah came up carry one my 1400 a a month.


Oh yeah I'll be a buy some shit. Get 'em a car in the house. Yeah they gonna be straight straight. But if you get a girl from some of these other cities and you tell them 3,500 a month, she gonna say Hold please go straight to 50. Tell this girl 3,500 a month and she live in Beverly Hills is crazy. You might as well wrap it up brother. The fuck you can't fucking do 35 Stay out the way You can't make do with 3,500 a month. You ain't my type of girl Cracking a bitch from Manhattan and giving her 35. Yeah you now work, you not work for her now You playing with her mindset. So how much you gotta give a girl from M hat Mad hat? She she need at least 10.


What what 20 A year? One 20 a year. There is no talking about 12 for sure bro. She need 10. See that's why you gotta go Dairy Queen. She need 10. You ain't gotta worry about it. So one 20 a year. One 20 a year. That's, that's efficient. You feel like that's a, that's a decent amount. I'm would it if you up How much money you gotta make a year to give your girl one like give your baby mama 10,000 a month. How much money you think you should be making? Two, Two SA year? Yeah, you and I fuck that. Talking about you got how much I to give? You got taxes so you only bringing in a meal. I Remember I'll still give her one 20. I'm cool. Nah, if I'm only bringing in an meal 10 a month is is tough.


If I got a, if I got some, IM had bussy 'cause I might want a double bag. I'm cool. I'm cool. Now you trying now you got a second house Junior. Throw me a juicy. I'm staying tonight. I'm cool. I I I junior I probably could do five. I probably could do five. Get a car In Manhattan. I if you, you are gonna have to move you about to be coming to Indiana. Oh we good then? Five is straight. Five of you living in nap. Oh you ain't no way you getting five in nap. Five Of you living in that Five and nap is out of pocket. I'm just saying, I I thought y'all talking about getting a top tier when pregnant.


So I'm, I'm giving her 10 a Well my Heart would drop back in the Day if she's happy with one 20 in a month and I make two a year, I'm gonna make it work bro. So I'm gonna probably go back to that shot. I ain't gonna lie. Shout To you. I'm gonna make a New York run if I'm make a two, I I am it. I'm gonna be a different new year bro. Manhattan. Yeah, I'm doing a right like Tay K nigga. Yeah. Now if you get a, now listen, if you get a a a chick pregnant from Peoria Illinois, Shout out to PE Illinois. Listen, if she And we got some, she she ugly motherfucker. She asked you, you hit her with a 35 and she denied Bro, better go try to work it out or something because Are You, you gonna be pissed.


Alright. What about, what about a girl? So let's say you get a girl from New York And we can get off of this and she like, yeah I I'll leave you alone. Just gimme 15 a month. Huh? Or you can, we could be together and you can just gimme like you can gimme allowance for like 2,500, 3000 a month or whatever. Would you be with her or you go Oh yeah my boyfriend boyfriend number two That with her ass 20 and she said 2,500 a month. You go five just I'm a random month. Look at She sitting that motherfucker with her. So bitch boy I don't give a fuck. We gonna do it. We gonna throw this bitch out for 18.


Like Nah I'm gonna make it work. So said why are you here bitch, it's my part-time job bitch is 10,000. Know how worse it is that I'm gonna stay. But if she say just 25 and just keep me. Oh Yeah, I I sit there like Good, I'm a arrange. Oh yeah But 20. You gotta think about what you saving Everything. I'm sitting in that bitch, you ain't gotta tell me wife, hey we gonna be together. Yeah That being and her minimum guarantee is crazy. She don't get no red chicken 2,500. No I swear I said that motherfucker boy That is, that is no problem bro. But yeah a girl from here though And, we ain't distant girls from the city.


It's just crazy. Yeah. Other girl like you about to they about to. It's kind. It is Different. They use this important, We just basing this. No y'all we basing this off the cost of living in East City. The average Salary for a woman in Indianapolis is 31,000. The average salary for a woman in Manhattan is 51,000. So it's a 20,000 difference. The average salary from a woman in Peoria is 28,000. I need a bishop. She ain't even make 28 bands in Peoria. Oh Shout out to Peoria. Oh she might take the A BT. You might be good. I told you nigga, how is that even possible though? The 28,000 That's They lying. Well listen, we can move past that. I believe it. I believe it. I'm just saying like damn, I believe it bro. I mean I I believe it but I'm just like damn Teachers used to make 30 KA year and they used to talk about that all the time.


You go to school four years to be in a debt. 200,000 just to come out and make it 30 a year. Teachers need way more money because they way more money bro ass kids every day And if you don't know. I'm Just saying what they used to make back In the day, you get motherfucker 60 k she fuck around. What you mean drew up? That's why I was asking. 'cause the average salary for a woman in America is 30,000. So if you double that, you, you was a generous nigga and motherfuckers be sing for 25,000 a month. Y'all was asking for some lower numbers, was handing out some larger numbers. They was. Yes they were wasn't I wasn't. I'm handing out 10 if it cost me my whatever the court, if the court to figure out that 25 I'm gonna settle for 10. Well Ain gonna figure out no 25 numbers.


Fuck you mean. Well I'm gonna say that that court calculated a little wicked. It's a little, it's weighed a little bit different. I mean speak from experience king but I'm talking About me. I don't gotta deal with nothing.


Alright man listen, I know it just happened but I'm reminiscing of how we all slid to Vegas for the fight. What was crazy is, you know what I'm saying, we, we had a little bit of an issue figured out. We was gonna lay our head. You know what I'm saying? We had equipment. I think the best decision we did man was decide to actually look into an Airbnb. The guest favorites made that whole worry situation. 'cause y'all was sweating. Y'all thought we was about to go back to the crib. We wasn't about to have no Vegas weekend, but Airbnb came in. Clutch got us in a nice comfortable spot. How you like it man, you know what I'm saying? Normally y'all know you be, I know you be staying in some good places. You a harsh critic. It was perfect man. It was a really good time. Our stay was perfect man. Perfect. How you feel about the trip man? Love Airbnb man. Shout out to y'all. What's your favorite part about the be experience man? Was it being a B? You know what I'm saying? The comfortability, the Air condition. It is hot man. Shout out to the amenities. Look, if you're looking for a wonderful place to stay, Airbnb is the first place to look


When it comes to business. The people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo


Riding a Sea-Doo has a different meaning for each of us and the possibilities are endless. So if you wanna explore new fishing spots, spend time with the fam, reconnect with nature. Break from your nine to five or just experience the thrill of the open waves. They've got a full range of personal watercrafts and pontoons for you. Explore the new 2025 SeaDoo models and find what you've been searching for. SeaDoo find your water. Visit sea dash.com or find a dealer near you


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 And Connecticut helps available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age in eligibility varies by jurisdiction void, New Hampshire, Oregon and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk ng.co/ft ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


But speaking of the family situation, this podcast, cam Newton having that conversation on his podcast of the lady talking about, you know what I'm saying? Him having one more kids, she's like why don't you wanna get married with kids? Everybody tagged us. They brought up that conversation we had on this podcast. If you seen it on Patreon, you seen it about the merger of the households. But basically they tried to kill Cam Dun 'cause he said I don't wanna get married, I just wanna have more kids. And they're just like, you just keep creating more black broken families. It don't matter 'cause you got money. That shit's crazy. Yeah but I mean he take care of his kids so I ain't, I ain't knocking a nigga. If you can take care of your kids bro, I ain't encourage you to keep having them but if you are having them and you take care of 'em bro can't nobody knock you for that bro.


Yeah that was basically saying like him and the can is just like don't matter how much money you have, you still can't be present for all your kids. And I'm just like that might be true and definitely kids need a present father in their life. But I mean obviously how Of your kids will grow up doing that either though. I think people would be putting that automatically on kids like that don't mean your kid gonna grow up and not know what a family is like bro because you don't, we don't know what these niggas, how they are with they baby mamas or none of that. That's why I don't speak too much on that shit. Like we don't know just because he don't live with his son and he don't fuck with his son. You can't tell a nigga you don't fuck with your kids like that 'cause you got a baby with Melinda or Felicia or you don't notice how this thing get down For real. We don't know these people. So that's kind of hard to say.


You teaching basically your kids like it's okay to be have a fucked up households and shit. Yeah it is crazy that everybody online is a licensed therapist and a professional when it comes to family and raising kids. But it's just like we don't know how people live. Like you don't know what he got going on. You don't know how he spent his time. Yeah if he do or don't, you don't know that shit. And it is very few people who have as much money as Cam Newton that could actually do that with no problem. I don't know man. It's just, it is tough. I'm cool. I'm I'm cool on all the baby mamas though. Unless we all live together. Yeah I'm asleep. That's hard. That's I'm asleep. Well that's gangster. You Can work for that.


Cool. If I, if I could, if I was in that situation that's how my life would be. You putting everybody on the same roof. Like if I was just living like that. I what you got eight kids, 10 kids? Something like fuck it like yeah probably be cheaper. It's my cul-de-sac. I ain't live with Obama baby mamas. That's dead country. I ain't had like, I don't know how many baby mamas he got but they all live in the same neighborhood like across from each other. Oh yeah the compound. Yeah. Yeah. That's Horrible. He take care of everybody too. That's horrible. I was gonna say that's, that's the part that they kind of leaving outta the situation. It's like it's okay. It is not the nigga at the factory he he can afford to have like he he don't work at the steel mill nigga.


Why? Oh I thought you damn I thought he was talking about the niggas that be hoing at the factory. Like some of 'em niggas do got six kids. Mama shout out to them. But I mean like the old days when niggas had them old jobs and they worked for why you have factor I been guessing some strain like there wasn't load up the clip in a minute bro. I'm about to start. That was, that was astray. DJ I swear to God wasn't stray. I promise it wasn't shout out to the factory. It is my niggas but them old steel mill days bro. Them niggas couldn't do all that shit. They had kids everywhere and figure that shit out. Fuck it. Yeah man these these girls see these rich niggas bro.


They just trying to get pregnant and have a baby man. As long as you taking care of kids. I Gonna say that true though. 'cause niggas really be trapping them though. I ain't gonna say trapping. Girls do be one get pregnant. I ain't gonna say they don't but like niggas be willingly going at that. Yeah everything ain't a sob story. Nah nigga. Nigga no hell No. Ain Sob story. They be like yeah because They trying to check her off the rims so niggas can't, you know what I mean Get They don't understand the first as soon as she get unge like as soon as you get her and she get pregnant she done and you not like fucking with her like that heavy niggas can't wait to slam jam a nigga girl. Oh yeah. They don't care nothing about the kids. What? What? Just 'cause it's another nigga girl they just raised that. Yeah Don't be liking them.


Fact she damn weak but old buddy fuck with her. I just think it's crazy that the that some of these girls are able to get pregnant by like the rapper and the NFL player and the NBA player. You, you elite. You elite When you get like that is The, That Lineage is amazing Show Who had I think it's Bow Wild feature and Trayvon Diggs one to one. That's Leap bro. So is she creating a broken home or these niggas I'm not getting checks. Convert my home, make his house a broken home. See it was some chick that got three baby days all playing the NFL cold.


I said damn that damn the damn boy y'all somebody gotta make it God damn She understand value Of yeah one of them kids gonna make it be something. Well Hopefully boy it's rough times raising kids in this shit generation. So how you got three days like that's that's that'd be crazy to me. Yeah like I walk up and nigga we about to play y'all like everybody good at the crib. Like what you the nigga that dater though? Yeah like Lil John doing good. He been on the shit. Yeah he cool man what the fuck? What's crazy is as a nigga dating him, you got those kids just like you look like damn I ain't in the league I those niggas league Y'all back to the conversation that y'all wanted to get off this Nigga.


This nigga Mike look up everybody who got baby mamas Y'all I'm not, not shouting niggas now I seen them nigga. I'm like damn nigga say baby mama dale But that's crazy small world bro. But I was cracking up 'cause they was talking about 'cause that Cam Newton conversation caused a whole bunch of like old black family conversation. They was just like everybody's talking about 'cause social media now but never niggas they gonna talk about that Grandpa's having two families and this girl was just like my dad, he worked 16 hours, you know what I'm saying? Had a little side family on the side. They was just like, you still old thinking your daddy worked 16 hours a day with a side family but she worked eight. Yeah I thought he was with his real Family and that's why, why he did it bitch because you and your mama was stupid.


The fuck Working 60 hours bitch. Alright I'm rubbing my feet in these shit Bitch I'm I with my other family putting in the real work and my other bitch probably got that shot holder because if nigga to tell a motherfucker you working 16 hours, thankfully nigga I don't even know if Harriet Tub went in that type of time. Nigga allow the nigga clock it in bro. Who Said niggas was trying to get the freedom wasn't working 16 but you went to Allison. Man that nigga's stupid nigga. What the fuck? How much money are you trying to get? Ain't no much, ain't that much double time in the world nigga.


The fuck. Oh and it was so funny 'cause they were just like we wish that like as now that we adults we wish they had the prices of things that our parents had growing up. 'cause the artists of they was the afford to do and the prices and stuff that was like niggas used to have side family side houses off one salary and like niggas can barely pay their bills now working overtime. Well shit gas was 99 cents back then. So that driver to the other shorty house one wasn't shit just probably lived up the street. I guess Probably didn't have to drive. Probably lived across the street nigga. That's how it probably used to be back in the day. Dang. I know of a situation but I, my family watches podcast and I can't speak on it but Yeah, don't, don't don't, don't ruin the film. That was surreal. That was surreal by the Dora Coochie Anyway.


So listen, I seen these, I seen these me because we gonna get off that. I seen these memes. They was like your worst first date you ever been on. Y'all ever seen that meme? Like listen, people was posting all their worst dates And the nigga said I took the girl to eat and she told me, hey can you just give an order of extra plate I to go play for us? And she, he was like, yeah who was for it? He was like my baby daddy kept the kids this week. Oh my god. See He said nigga, I told her I was going to the bathroom and left. Why Was weak bro sitting up shit in order to go play for your, for your baby daddy bru.


Why would you say that? Why wouldn't you just say your son? Wow, that's wild bro. What's the worst like first date you've ever been on? That's tough bro. I can say I gotta go back W worst first date. I don't know bro because I'm always the tone setter bro. I'm j kid bro. I'm the point guard bro. So yeah, you never had a bad, I had a bad first date. No, I've taken somebody to a spot and it was trash. I ain't really leave vibe with that person so I took another person outta the first day to that spot and that person was there. You a raggedy nigga. That's your GoTo, your go-to first date spot.


I, it wasn't a, the spot wasn't a problem, it was her. So we fixed that And we back. I feel like you usually don't go on a day with a motherfucker. To me, i, I don't know how y'all niggas date, but I ain't, we ain't really going on that date unless we didn't talk for a few days first, so I don't really, Yeah, but I'm saying like sometimes people energy a person is different. Motherfuckers on the phone could be get like ain't really vibe with you wasn't like, it is super bad. But I was like, nah, this, this my spot bitch. The first time I went on like a public date with somebody the first time me and this girl went out, I took her out, went to eat, then we ended up going to the club and all my teammates and some other niggas from different teams had hit before and I walked in the spot with her and they was like, nah, nah nephew, nah.


I'm like, well she nice right? She nice and she walking in confident as fuck. Like she just saying hey to everybody. Like one of the old heads, I ain't gonna say his name, pull me by the, it's like that ain't the one. My boy in The club look like Chris Bosch. It's crazy. Yeah, that was part of worst if you walk in in the club with the girl, she started shaking up with niggas. Yeah, I'm leaving you here. Yeah, that was like my worst first. I was, that's when I learned my lesson in Atlanta. But was you really dating her to, you feel me? Nah, I just, I didn't know her like that. Yeah they Just, that's, I ain't even gonna count that one against you bro. Yeah, but that it's like one that you really trying to like, But that probably fucked this day. Damn motherfucker was shorter. You walk in and you, she like, oh you know damn.


Yeah, because he probably got teammates that are assholes. Oh. You know, they was like, yeah, nah, they pulled one pulled me nigga. Nah, then this how I know she was the bold motherfucker. She was like, I'm gonna go over there. She went to a whole different section and like I didn't see her but I never talked to her again. Yeah. Bringing the girl to the club and she hit another nigga section. Love nigga know I'll Go over there real quick and then I've never seen her again. Yeah, that's, that's a, that turned a demon up in you. You know that nigga don't forget nothing. Him and Mike hold grudges. Oh. I took this more Than anybody Still me from missing that flight to Vegas. Like nigga, she introduced these two Niggas.


He's like, oh this how I gotta be say this. Oh God. She introduced me to Spanish dip at Houston nigga. She was like, we need to go to Houston. So I'm like, okay what's that? Oh this is the perfect place man. It got spinach dip and steak. I ain't never had a like go, I ain't never really sat down on a date and had all that shit. I was what, 20? Yeah. Like yeah. She like, we gotta order a drink. I'm, I ain't old enough to drink shit. How we do this? She ordering shit. I'm looking at the bill afterwards. Like, damn bitch expensive. No, I'm about to get some, you know you order it from the expensive side of the menu. You know what time that is. Like, you know what side of the menu that is. Right. Know it's up. I was like, let me call somebody.


I call one of the old his Where y'all at tonight? I'm going to compound nephew. Yes. It's a easy Yeah. I ain't even got no pay for nothing. Right. And she about to, I was like, ooh, she cold too. She about to kill these niggas and she like 28. Yeah, it was a bad night. Yeah. I ain't, yeah, I ain't never went on a date when it was the girl. It was just bogus. Probably never really doubled back down, but motherfucker just wasn't bogus. First day was at least cool for sure. Especially when we get grown and shit because really I, I'm just trying to hoop for the like for real. Like I'm trying to hoop. But I mean we can kick it though for sure. I wasn't, no, I ain't, I wasn't really no hit and run.


I always double back for the for game two. So more like a AAU tournament. Something wrong with him. Quiet bracket. So, so wrong with him. Hey, speaking of the game two Drake talking about I'm gonna win game two nigga the series is over. Yeah, Drake Wilder. You got Swep? It's a new season. Yeah, Drake Wilder. Yeah. I ain't even listening to him no more. Nah, Damn. His new music is fired. I talk, spin it bro. We'll play like when I start seeing him, old videos of him like doing Jeff. I already know bro. That shit really made me mad when I say I was hot and all I Paula.


Yeah. Oh my god bro. I swear to God I posted one though but she said 'cause he's a fucking actor man. I like, I know your ass was itching for this but I was like, I kept seeing him. It was so, I'm like who is dropping this video of this nigga doing all this lame ass shit bro, That him bro. He But what's crazy is when Kendrick kept talking about you can't sell me on no Voice. I was like, I don't know why he really said that but after watching him all I'm like nigga you don't even talk like this. Yeah man I can't even, I Knew he didn't talk like that but watching that shit just over like he would come out the studio, chop it over with 40 and go in nigga and sound like a sound like A nigga and come out and sound Like different Bro code switch. I Said this is Toronto.


For real? Yeah. I said I ain't rolling with this. I ain't rolling actors. That Shit had Me. I can't, the culture's not, I'm with Kendrick culture is not, I was like this is crazy. Yeah bro, I know you was an actor on Degrassi but now I'm like this is, this is serious Being and your daddy in the booth and your mama outside the booth is nuts. Nuts bro. Bro I can't do it bro. Shout out to mama Jersey no slight with your son out of pocket. I can't, I can't take it bro. I can't do a pause. I can't, I'm not with this movement. I was like nah That shit blew me bro. I forgot what song. That's crazy man. I can't remember the song that that nigga I know because He, he said oh this sounds like that Shorty Low.


Yes. Yes. It sounds like Shorty Low in Atlanta. I said what he said shorty One of that motherfucker SHOR Two ass nigga said G Wils 40 we got, I said G talking Like Scooby These years old as I'm not fucking with this. And what's so crazy is he's supposed to be dropping this type of stuff for us to go back and be like damn, I remember where I was at this moment in time this shit was fired. Like he just dropped his shit in a panic because of that Kendrick shit. And now we all looking at it from a terrible lens. He should not drop it. Right now I go on YouTube and watch like how they make music Future in the studio.


Jay-Z Kanye, you know we all seen that shit. So to see him do that bro is unbelievable bro. Yeah and you the biggest artist like that's crazy. Crazy. And that's why he's still one of the cot because how everybody feels about him, he still made classic music that niggas are still gonna play regardless of how we feel the look at him, that shit is still going to get played for the rest of our lives. I'm a, I'm gonna listen to Dre, I'm not one of them fools but I just, I don't think I can get behind it no more. I Really fuck with Drake like that though. Music like that. Mm. I ain't really listen to Drake like that. I did. No I did. I listened to, I like I did but I didn't like I listened to like other people and Drake was on it like I like Drake s but like I like Drake albums too but I wasn't never like a over league.


Paolo say I was a huge Drake fan. Yeah. I wasn't ever like a huge Drake fan but his music it definitely it get split in the car. I'm not gonna act like he don't have a thousand hits. He Do? Yeah like out here I, I mean obviously with me like y'all, I found Drake do mixed St Air so fuck a Drake so Far Gone era. That shit's crazy for me. The albums are fire but then there gets to a point to like past views kind of get a little iffy for me. I didn't really like as much. I mean you're still Drake, you gonna find great music, he gonna put out hits. But after Views it was kind of iffy for me but before that like nothing was the same Take care of Drake, that nigga was cold, bad nigga was dropping heat And I'm like I didn't been in Drake concerts. I guess I never paid attention 'cause the nigga be talking that's, he probably talking in his rap voice probably you right Mike.


Which Is crazy to see even say that. I'm like I've been to D Drake concerts bro and heard him but Prince don't talk like he sing That nigga a singer bro. Yeah. And he wear pants that most of us wouldn't wear so he could do whatever he wants to. Yeah he got his ass out ball so that's crazy. But that's what nigga was on. That's What Prince was out here slaying shit though. Prince had more hoes than Mike. Nope. Y'all see Mike, he Mike who? Mike Jackson. He had the hoes. Nigga not Like Prince bro. You crazy. Ain't that nigga used to call him. You wild bro. He used to call him something. Damn. It's a video of him talking about it like oh she's a, he had like a name for the bitches. Damn. Nah bro. Prince Prince hit Batter Ho to Mike Jackson After I seen Mike shoot free, throw the chicken out the limo.


Oh bro, I I I'm putting them past my boy Mike. Mike was not Swaggy bro But we don't know if Prince played in both conferences or not. Mike was not a swaggy bro. He A swaggy. I don't think, I don't think Prince swung Both ways. You don't think he played in both conferences? I I'm not putting that smut on Prince. He was swaggy than Prince Michael Jackson. Yeah for sure. Hell had his ass cheeks out nigga that wasn't swag Swaggy that was that was come on I nigga they wore black. I'm not, I'm not knocking around eyes in them. They they used to wear bullshit back out the day. He's still a player. Yeah Mike still a player bro. Mike, Mike was player though. Mike had on Gloria one nigga who won the one-on-one game. Prince. Prince Prince Yourself with the bitches too. I don't fucking with Prince though 'cause my nigga played all instruments.


He was all around. He was just a Definitely the better musician. He Was the He definitely swagger though. That's tough Swagger than bro. Wow. Mike is iconic. Mike swag is crazy. But You didn't want to, you didn't wanna wear a Michael Jackson. Yeah wear A Prince Fit. No, but I'm saying no no I'm saying you really didn't want to do nothing like Michael Jackson. Shit nigga niggas want niggas musicians and shit. People who like music bro's like damn this nigga can play everything that his, he produce his own shit. That's crazy bro. Yeah Everybody in the world dancing, moon walking. That's iconic for sure. Niggas wanted to be like Mike. Yeah niggas wanted to Mike jackets. Yeah I can make a Thriller and think of a Michael Jackson outfit.


I can't think of a prince. Hell I respect that. Yeah You can't, you can't dress like Prince it's impossible. You, it is no way to dress like Prince nigga and that nigga is five too. But I, I will agree that's one thing that especially lot musicians say now that you know Mike is gone. They say that that that Quincy, you know what I'm saying? Having him behind him like that pause was really helped a lot 'cause he wrote a lot of music and Prince made a lot of his shit by himself. Yeah. But then also I can't get mad at a nigga for going to work for somebody that helps him do Best. I'm not, I'm not knocking my knocking Mike at all. It's just like if both of them niggas had on regular clothes, you probably going lean more towards Prince getting regular hoes, bat hoes than Mike Jack, Man Prince Mike's some Gary Too.


Mike, Mike didn't have swag bro and when he did the color swab bro was really over bro. That's when he really turned up Well. Yeah Now Light-skinned Mike had the hose that that was for sure. Yeah he had the hose all his life nigga You think that nigga had five that Nigga because he was Michael. Well he was Michael Jackson. I just don't think like Michael Jackson was cool like oh my god shit he dropped dead. You know how I know the nigga was swaggy, They was passing out the concerts because they loved who he was as a artist. Yeah. That's why I know a nigga got swag when he jumped up and just stood there. I said yeah that's a no That's the power of Mike I think. I think misunderstanding what I'm saying like Michael Jackson just asked the person I don't think was take all the accolades away. I don't think Mike Jackson as a person was like a cool ass nigga to be around.


Nah, everybody say he was cool and he ain't talk like that. They say his voice deep as fuck he say and shit. No matter what he was he was a nigga from Gary. Yeah and they said he say nigga like oh He can, he Saying bro was like he caught. Oh Mike. No I'm Saying they said he say nigga like I'm not saying that makes him cool. I'm saying he us Saying I'm saying like Ain't get a pass. I'm saying He and he say nigga, I'm like nigga I'm saying I'm talking about the way he talk. They like he got a deep voice and be like what you what up nigga like what's up? Like they like he don't talk like how he like hey guys they like dang ain't how he really talk And that was On that never never Land. Yeah that was on some Drake shit because he used used to yell at his brothers were fucking up that music. I'm sure he would not be like when he told short Your voice is just fucking annoying.


I was rolling. I see that's the real mic. I can't, I can't picture Chris Tucker wanting to be friends with Michael Jackson. He'd being weird. Yeah I don't think the nigga weird y'all. I'm just saying you just look light-skinned white Mike Albin on Mike Light-skinned white mike up next to Prince bro. He up the, I think it is just They the same shit. We can go there. That nigga Prince had heels on when I met him. Damn for real? Yeah that's it. But that's what he used to perform in this nigga Got heels on. I don't know man. Rrp the Prince but you nigga had on heels and he was five too. Huh? We both dead Saying Rrp the Prince. Oh yeah. Yeah. We said Well we both know nobody.


RIP Mike. Oh it's RP Mike. It's always Ghost man Come on bro. I'm just saying that's all sounded real Bro. My favorite picture of Michael Jackson is him with the midgets in the, in the 40 I posted at least once a month. That's one of my favorite pictures of all time. That's what I'm saying. He might be the most iconic nigga ever bro. Alright. By far. Oh by far bro. There's nobody bro Like watching them concerts and seeing like that's what I'm saying the power of the, That's the hardest picture ever. Him. Those people falling out crying bro. They having to bring stretchers out to bring people out of the arenas is crazy bro. He a baby over a balcony bro. Have never seen no shit like that in my life. Anybody else doing it is losing they kids bro.


I haven't seen no shit like that in Michael. Michael Jackson bro. He is lit. He got white kids. You have to find a video on Instagram. That's why that shit, that's the, that's the thank you dj. That's Lane. He Got white kids. He Aint white. Michael J. Michael Jackson having a white kid and they saying that's really my daddy bro. That's crazy bro. Being able to buy white kids is fire. Right. That's crazy bro. That's, That's lame. But That's what I'm saying. And, we ain't pulling the racial shit. I'm just saying like that's not your son bro. That's LA bro. I paid cash for the baby bro. This is, mine was lame but Mike didn't give a fuck. That's all. We on a shop Espree and bought the same shit over. They say you already have that mic. I know. Buy it again. Hey that was crazy. Like what?


How much is it? 700,000. Buy it again. I you like that shit look crazy. If, if Angel and Jo could have black kids Michael Drex. Come on Bro. Look at dude on the left bro. That is not your son bro. That is not your son. Mike Is crazy bro. Mike out of pocket. He paid the Manhattan money to get that son. That's What happened. That is a nigga from Matilda son bro. Danny DeVito. Danny DeVito bro. Stop bro. Oh Mike funny. I ain't full of shit bro. If my daddy's name to be there, I get fucking far. If it's Kind of brilliant though, y'all not speaking at the funeral bro because they, y'all not one of us Bro. That is his bro. Those are his kids bro. That's Daddy Go Go ahead Son.


It's kind of brilliant though because y'all ain't really tied to me. I could really get rid of y'all bro. Mike the light ass nigga. We was talking about the house, the bitches with all the keys. He said you ain't got real Prince would never Prince got kids. He has to. Yeah of his own. We don't even know. We about to find out. Yeah, we ain't seen no Prince baby shower. Prince ain't got no kids. That nigga used to. I don't know that nigga voice was deep in a motherfucker. Oh God. Hell dog. That nigga used to get perms and shit bro. I don't know. It was different. Come on man. Y'all listen to Snoop Dogg?


He got one son. Oh he lost his son. Oh damn, sorry. But he had one that's one of his own. Yep. You feel me? One of his own Mike Jack. Y'all don't even know who died days after his birth. So it was a, it was a baby begging. Oh yeah. So at least he produced something. How do you feel about people saying Snoop Dogg is the biggest rapper in the world as a It is a fact to me. I feel like it's a fact to, yeah, I mean we, we, we all feel that Jay's the best rapper but Snoop Dogg has been global Just 'cause he's a part of every generation. Yeah, he's been global before Jay was, besides The kids Bro. The kids know Snoop though. I mean they know Jay too but bro that, Yeah, that's tough.


Y'all, You think anybody could pass Snoop up? These kids Are soul Fried. Y'all think anybody could pass Snoop Duck? Nah, because somebody, well I won't say no but somebody's gonna have to be that notable 'cause a lot of people forget how big Snoop was in 91, 92. Like yeah, no he was already a superstar. Yeah. So to be a superstar for 30, 40 years bro, somebody gonna have to do it for that test of time only person. I think that could be that big of a star. I think Jay-Z could do it. Nah, it's so for Jay, he not as, he's too profit. He won't do as much dope as Snoop do. Snoop Go will go host an award show. He'll go to another country, do some shit. Yeah. Snoop and Ice Cube are one of the same. But I don't know bro. Snoop Bigger than Cube right now.


Yeah but the only person I think could probably catch him is like Travis Scott. If he really wanted to like, if he really wanted to because he kind of do Snoop Dogg shit he be everywhere but Yeah them niggas just be in trouble bro. Snoop being able to murder Case. Yeah he beat it. He beat that early and went on too. Yeah bro. He like, if there's no Snoop there's probably no West Khalifa like what he did for like as far as just being himself smoking, doing everything like you said. I, I think it's gonna be really hard for somebody to top that. Travis could do it 'cause Travis is really, really popular Or Drake. Drake. That shit with Drake dead now. Nah, he ain't dead. He could do it but basically now bro he ain't dead.


Nah, I'm saying he still Drake, he's a superstar. I'm saying as far as that, Snoop has never been looked at like this and this is the second time Drake has been looked like this bro. Nah bro, the Kids are gonna look at Drake differently Than we do. Let's, let's not get it fucked up. He's a legend. I love Snoop. It was quiet on no limit Bro. No Limit was the reason why he stayed around the rep though Bro. Right before he went to no Limit bro. It was quiet for Snoop bro. It was on, he was on the down slide bro. That's because Shook got Wicked before he joined P when I'm saying it ain't ain't never that last, The last meal with D. Drake ain't never doing that. Once, once he got with p and p brought him back to to Life nigga it was wicked before he got with no Lemon. Bro. I don't disagree career wise for sure. I'm talking about D Drake ain't never gonna go through this is what I'm saying. But I'm saying personality wise I ain't talking about like accomplishments.


Yeah they they view they viewpoint of him and didn't change it Snoop even though Snoop no Ain't nobody looking at Snoop like he was a Gog saying That's what I'm saying. Oh y'all talking about the Snoop like Snoop doggy style album was hard but after that like it was, his albums ain't never really been like cold, cold. Y'all talking about the popularity? Yeah I'm not talking about the the the body of U most No. Hell no bro. No I About to say y'all now come on. Nah he the most known saying Alright I'll take my shit back there. My fault. I thought y'all was talking about the music bro. I like no fuck No. The music Snoop not even top 20 bro. And that's no disrespect. No Disrespect because y'all, y'all came out with saying like the rapper shit. So I'm thinking y'all talking about shit. Yeah.


Most popular rapper Bro. My fault. Huh? No Kanye. I ain't mad At that. Kanye. Nah, Kanye can't do it. Kanye influence is is too many people hate him. Yeah. Kanye's influence will never probably be matched to get in that world. But it's, it's the kids ain't gonna give a fuck about Kanye bro. Mm. I don't know about that one. They not wearing Easys. No bro, they don't. It's hard when you have something that provides for a lot of people in that regard because once it's not popular no more, your name kind of dies. Snoop didn't, ain't selling us shit besides what other brands are selling us. If Snoop was selling us his own stuff And, we was like oh that's fire now. I hate it. I don't care about Snoop no more. It'd be different. I don't think nobody buying no Snoop shoes though. But Fuck no bro. But he's going and and producing like that fucking company that make the smokeless grill bro.


That company didn't do shit but he made a whole bunch of money off of it. Why not going against what Mike said. 'cause if Kanye drop some fire shit, it's gonna be back up again. No it ain't bro. Well listen bro, everybody, every girl in the world has a wet tank top. I don't disagree with that at all. Everything he drops though that Kanye's probably the most influential artist ever bro. He ain't the most popular. Like he, he would never be fucking other Y'all that mean popular. Like because I'm almost Rapper. I'm trying To get to the Yeah that's that's what I'm saying. Known and like yeah like if you tell somebody this is a rapper, motherfucker's gonna show you Snoop Dogg like somebody from a different country like who's who. You know him Snoop do Next but not known and liked. Yeah but 50 Is everybody know Snoop Dogg like Kanye motherfucker might show Kanye picture and be like ooh I don't like him.


Yeah I'm with you around. I just be scared. It depending on the age cutoff. I agree. That's why I saying A lot of these kids don't know Snoop bro. Nigga do kid movies. That Nigga voiceovers, that nigga Snoop. I'm not mad at that. They just Seen, he was in the Olympics with Anthony Edwards smoking and shit in the back of the bus. I ain't gonna say smoking but they was just in the back of the bus. Oh Snoop, you know Snoop is smoking. I don't know Ave was doing, he was probably just chilling but but I'm just saying niggas, everybody knows Snoop Dogg bro. Yeah he's a, because he Snoop touched the community too. He's Everywhere Heavy. I Agree. A nigga did a cooking show with Martha Stewart. Oh for years. I fuck with it. I ain't mad at it. I'm not mad At it. Alright, my last question before we get outta here.


Somebody hit me and they was like if you had to eliminate, I guess it was they found this topic on internet. Keith hit me and was like if you had to eliminate since it's college football season, if you had to eliminate one Cam Newton, Vince Young Tebow or Mike Vick college career only, who is y'all taking off that list? Who gets eliminated? Vince Young. What? Ooh no way Mike. It is Mike Vick for me. No. Ooh that's tough. That's a really tough conversation. If I have to take one off, I'm taking Tebow. What in college? Yeah he got two. He's one the accomplished, I'm not dis I'm not disrespecting his resume bro.


No NFL nothing. NFL just straight college. About what Mike Vick did at that school bro. Yeah. Wasn't the quality of players he had around him bro is immaculate bro. That's Like a nigga going crazy in North Carolina bro. Duke in football. But that's, that's different. I mean he ain't win nothing. Oh that's what you're doing. I'm saying if you go look at the college STAs are amazing. Oh. If you're going off the resume then I have to leave Mike Vic off 'cause he's the only one of them that did win. Right. Oh yeah. No I don't be going off But I'm just going off. I'm saying who man y'all choice for me. I'm leaving Tebow off. 'cause I know damn sure Tim Tebow wouldn't have did what he did at Florida with that, with that Virginia Tech team. And. if you put Mike Vick down with that Florida team, T was nasty In college. God damn DJ. If you put Mike Vick on that Florida team bro, they're going undefeated for three years.


That nigga Tim Tebow was nasty in college bro. I don't disagree you man. Listen I don't even like doing this bro. Nigga what he was the Heisman trophy twice? Yeah the original TT bro. Michael, Michael Vick. Y'all. I don't, I don't even know Michael Vick. Y'all remember Michael Vick right? I do. I do The real life video game nigga. I I Michael Vick was called. How many of them Florida niggas went to the NFL? All Of hell Hella who went to the NFL with Mike Vick? Nigga He's out there with niggas with Tad. Bro. If he ain't on that Florida team it's different. His niggas with names who he played with you right. Virginia Te of course couldn't don't have a recruitment that the Gators had a hundred percent but At the time but I'm taking was powerhouse and football there wasn't no weak as school by. No, but I'm not, I'm not taking what Tebow did 'cause who he had around me bro.


He was di for sure bro Was quarterback before Tebow nigga, whoever that nigga was and they wasn't win League. And while Tebow, Mike Vick played in the weak ass A, CC for sure. Tim Tebow did damage S sec C. That was NFL bro. Yeah that was the NFL. Listen If you, that's why I'm, If you going off accomplishments, of course Mike Vick gotta go. But no, don't accomplish. I just, I bro, Mike Fucking we off. Who nigga's Video game to me bro. Nigga called Sometimes you gotta, we gotta take the championships away. Go against who nigga's playing against. Yeah it's tough bro. You got a, you got Tennessee, you got Alabama, you got Florida State, you got Miami, it it get wicked in the SEC.


Now to flip the question, who was the best side of that group? Who had the best college career at those four? I don't think Cam played long enough. He only did what he did in one year is probably the best shit ever. But yeah He had a mellow run. Yeah, I'm gonna go with Tebow was the best in college outta all though. Mm. What he did at Florida was crazy bro. I'm I'm with you bro. It's crazy as Cam New was down there for a year too, which is nice. Like Behind him. Yeah he behind Tebow. Yeah he behind. Yeah. Yeah like I'm gonna go Tebow played in the NFL before he got there to the real one bro. That's why I'm like that was in 2000 5, 4, 6, all that shit bro. The SEC it's still dangerous now but it was wicked back to show bro.


Hell yeah, It was wicked Back. And as much as I hate to admit it 'cause I of course I didn't want Texas to win that game bro. Vince Young that year got o he was going crazy bro. He was nice bro. Was that Texas went insane bro. He got overshadowed. He, I ain't gonna say overshadowed but he got slighted because of how popular USC was. Yeah. How much people like Reggie Bush and Mallard bro. Vince Young went crazy at Texas. Yeah. What'd you take Vince young year or Cam Newton year? I'm taking Cam Newton here because Cam Newton had to go to Juco to come back to prove himself and that Auburn team wasn't all that good either. That was, that was Cam Newton literally in that defense. Yeah bro. Cam Newton in that defense. Oh no, no they weren't a sad team by no means the offense was little but come on bro.


He stopped. Nick Saban's run bro. Nick Saban supposed to have a threepeat but that nigga beat USC in a title title game for Reggie Bush fucking lateral the the best team damn there besides Miami on paper ever. They was one of the best. But you know what too, after watching that documentary in Texas, I mean Texas was just like, bro we ready for USC. Yeah. Watching that, watching that 30 for 30 was different. They was just like, bro we can handle them. So I don't even, I don't put that in account. But that USC team was crazy nuts in college. His team was crazy. Yeah, that's him and Linde White they man, that's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Tebow for me, Tebow was cold. Man I hate, I even had to pick against my dog like that because Tim Tebow was going crazy bro.


And he had some of the craziest them speeches bro. Legendary. He's a liar though. He wasn't a virgin in college. I don't believe him bro. Definitely. He just, he just got his first little skins. Yeah, being a virgin of Gainesville is crazy. Shout to Burning Maxwell. He told how easy he was. That's how time Tim Tebow for you to walk out and you to, well I don't know bro. He probably was like, nah, not tonight, I'm chilling. He wasn't saying that because If he wasn't going, because if you wasn't going to them parties and shit and you was just going back to your apartment, you probably was just regular bro. That's What a real party was, bro. Fuck his party. That's tough. BT Tim being Tim Tebow and being a virgin Golden it bro.


He got that shit all the way through the league though Bro. He was in there hanging with the pal twins bro. It was, He held that story all the way to the NFL. Oh Yeah, he held that law for a long time. Yeah I respect it. I know that boy. Him Or AC Green, they both held a lot First when he first got that shot he probably like, damn, all them bitches I missed out the Gainesville when we was up. Shit a little quiet. That nigga probably ain't Give a fuck Them pickers I had shit them motherfucker bunnies. Damn. Shout to Tim Tebow, that's a hell a top. I'm gonna be interested to see what they say in the comments about that. We gotta say what was it for again? Tim Tebow, cam Newton Mike, Vick Von. There we go.


Please let us know how y'all feeling. The comments. I'd love to see you. You know what I'm saying? The list on that one. But before we get outta here, be here and tell the people they can grab some merch at shop Club five twenty.com even though it ain't shit on there. The Volume


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo


Vitamin Water was born in New York because New Yorkers wanted more flavor to pair with all the amazing food in the city. Vitamin Water is so New York, it's three favorite cheeses or chopped cheese, bacon, egg and cheese, and a slice of cheese pizza. Drink Vitamin Water. It's from New York.


Hi, it's Colin. I just discovered J Lab headphones and I am totally hooked. J Lab imagines and delivers personal tech headphones, earbuds and office accessories that consumers want. Try the J Buds luxe over ear headphones for noise canceling travel. Discover your perfect pair of headphones, look for the J Lab, blue Box at Target, Walmart Best Buy and More, or visit j lab.com.


Riding a Sea-Doo has a different meaning for each of us and the possibilities are endless. So if you wanna explore new fishing spots, spend time with the fam, reconnect with nature. Break from your nine to five or just experience the thrill of the open waves. They've got a full range of personal watercrafts and pontoons for you. Explore the new 2025 SeaDoo models and find what you've been searching for. SeaDoo find your water. Visit sea dow.com or find a dealer near you.


Hear that pumpkin that's fall calling. And the pumpkin spice latte is back at Starbucks from that first sweater to late autumn weather. It's all a fall in just one sip. Order ahead on the Starbucks app.