
This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you Chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones, you go to eBay score all your Once in a Blue Moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic streetwear. The experts verify accessories to match. Lake Timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you can wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures and rare fashion eBay things people love.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


What's good Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out bs.com. What's good, it's Cole Wit and Eating While Broke is back for season three. Brought to you by The Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton, DC Young Fly Phone, thugs and Harmony, and many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen to Eating while Broke on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Presented by State Farm like a good neighbor. State Farm is there


When it comes to business. The people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's Free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo


The Volume.


The NFL season is back and underway and the action is always hitting up on the field at the Draftking Sports Book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draftking Sports Book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL All new customers. Now is your chance to get in all the football action. New customers bet just five bucks to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. So score big with Draftking Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Download the app today and use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. All the on DraftKings The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in New Hampshire, Oregon and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft Ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


All right man, we back another wonderful episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is dj. Well same gang with me to my left, my dog Bishop. Be he out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty, cool and nasty. Let's get to it baby. Beautiful day. Okay, I see the FES right today. Taylor Shout, shout out to tt the real tt, not tot not Tristan Thompson or baby girl Ti Taylor. This one for you. Shout out to the he family. Shout out to Henny. Hey, shout out to Tristan. He got, he got the comedy that talked about that shit with you and Kimba kept calling you J he said Hey, I remember that shit. I ain't see that.


Shout to TT man for sure. But to my right, my dog Young Nacho Young T how you what man? I'm cooling brother. I don't, I found these in a box. I don't know if I wore 'em before or not. Shit. I might have hooped in 'em but they was in a box. I was unloading some stuff. I'm rocking with 'em though. I fuck with 'em. Hey I fuck with the IE. Low elevens rather than the other ones with the patent leather tos. I like that version of those. Yeah, I like the black ones. The OG color ones. Oh no, the Black OG 11 Lows is one of the man you love the patent tos though because they got all the flashy ass colors. Yeah, those are, those are elite though. I fuck with these. I I seen 'em. I was like damn I got these, these are tough. The OG black ones. Yeah. Yeah, the OG black ones is fire. But I seen these, I was like, I fuck with these. I ain't even know.


I really, I ain't know I had 'em to be honest. But I was like shit, I'm fucking with 'em. Then when we was in high school, they had all the, the crazy ass color, the blue ones, the white ones. The blue ones was fired. Yeah, the blue ones was crazy. Then they had, that's back, they was doing like the lifestyle auditions. They had the patent leather white ones with the gold and the green. But shit, speaking of shoes, Jaylen Brown debuted his shoe, you know what I'm saying? First situation, I know he, him and Nike was going back and forth. He turned down Nike. He started his own shit. I kind of fuck with that. Yeah, that rock with it too. What is it? His own, I think it's 7 4 1. He got, he been wearing, that was all black with the like the like the jewels around him and shit. I fuck with that. The Bedazzle boys. Nah, they ain't quite bedazzled now, but they know what I'm saying, they Black Panther are looking type shit. But I fuck with jb.


Hopefully niggas really good. They shit, you feel me? I'm about jb. He big baller bro. Listen, I I I Ball I'll fuck with JB Movement man. You might as well sponsor us the podcast shit. I'll rock the motherfucker. Send 'em to me. Yeah bro. Coach in them. Yeah. Yeah I rocking for sure like ain't mad at it. Shit. I'm with the movement. Oh okay. Yeah, I'm with the movement. Which prompted me to ask y'all what's the best debut shoe? Like what's the best like first signature shoe? Probably the Jordan. Jordan. I was gonna say outside of those, we know the Chicago 1D the best shoe ever. But I don't know bro. That's a little tough for me first. It's a lot of heat. I ain't gonna lie.


Gianni's first shoe was decent. I used to Gianni's first shoe, but I'm just thinking of players. That's like recent current. Kyrie first shoe was crazy. Kyrie first shoe was nice. PG first one was nice. The PG one won the best basketball schools of all time. PG was nice for sure. Yeah, I'm a old school nigga bro. I'm a Power Forward nigga. I'm a Barkley Drop facts. Alright, if you going the first Barkley, then I gotta go to the first penny. I ain't first Penny is hard too. But that first Barkley is far as, I was just doing, I was doing current people but like that that Sean Kim was hard. I'm out of pocket. I ain't even say this. The fucking questions that Iverson was hard that first that especially that white blue.


But that white red crazy too. My first bro had me in a choke hold. Oh come on. Zoom generations is is golden bro. It had me in a choke hold. So it's been some fire first time release now see that's not at, that's that fi that first Brian was tight but it, it might be in the bottom three mm for Brian alone. I mean the Barkley is hard. Penny is hard. Jordan hard Shaq's. I just mean for Brian alone. Oh you think Brian shoots in the bottom three? Nah, it's not in the, it's not a top one but it ain't in the bottom either because it, it is the sevens. No I'm not. I'm saying like if you do three it's gonna be three. Number three, it ain't in the top three. I focus I'm it's def it's not top five shit.


No five is three sevens. What's the south beach joints? Nine eights. The south beach eights is three sevens and eights. Yeah. And then the ones, yeah them threes is elite and the twos are two. The white and blue threes is the white and blue three them one of the best. LeBrons my favorite LeBron was the the white and gold three. That motherfucker Right. That was I my mama even more forgive me then. Them ain't gonna lie. I was out of pocket. I I wore a pair of Levi's and a YT with them to school. They wasn't out pocket. You wasn't outta pocket. You as fuck you express nigga out you bus the policy that day.


You bust they ass that day. Nah, the posse wasn't in place. That was fresh. Yeah. Did you have Levi's that bleed too? Yeah. Oh yeah. You the balls, the tug on those snick were done. Yeah, mines was too. I hoop them in that way for damn that's crazy man. That that's to be the worst shit ever. Niggas used to try to do the most wackiest shit to avoid getting that BlueJean doll on the forces just had them rubber bands on they pants. That shit why didn't that far bro? Nah, when niggas DJ used to do the rubber bands. I tried bro. I couldn't do it. I band all that shit have me feeling like I had diabetes bro. Them socks shout I love my nigga Lou to death. I remember my nigga had a rubber band with the achi on KK fours with a rubber band.


Never go forget that. I said this is filthy work. First of all 2K fours was elite though. And the black and gray was two. I was wish it was an all, I can't remember what color he had all white. He had the all white on. But y'all gotta think how crazy that look for rgs to already be widely and niggas putting the rubber band at the end. It was hammer pants niggas and it wasn't our size. So you can't Nah I I wore 30 eights in high I 38 forties in high school. Oh that well that those fit me so hey what's crazy is, but nigga I was 1 48. I know you was pocket nigga.


I wear a 34 36 right now. I'm two 10. I was 40. I was growing before I was supposed to. Yeah I was at my daddy James Paw. What's crazy is when nigga got the jamon shuttles and they used to try to strap them my titles. Oh yeah they was out of pocket bro. Damn man. RP to them time for sure man. Yeah please don't come back. We don't need none that no more. Hey man ended up been asking us on Twitter the last two weeks. They didn't know if you remember being a part of that untucked game with Chris Praw. We y'all lost at the free throw line 'cause of that shit. Y'all remember that shit? And also did you know that you're in the NBA like in a refer manual? Wow. Oh like the foul.


Remember I saw you. Oh you're I'm put in the chat bro. It's like a foul call. It was like pushing it's like Tao OT pushing you in the back. Yep. That shit, that shit I needed to replace it to put you in LeBron in that situation. Well I didn't Tao push me like oh I, I gotta find a picture as funny as head fuck with Tebo. You were definitely in Emanuel Tebo my guy too. He's a legend for hooping the air Max night this shit, what was, I can't even really, I remember they little was cat at the free throw line or some shit. Yeah. Yeah that's how they lost his, his jersey was on Texas some shit. Nah it was, it wasn't him though. Jordan Bell was subbing in the game and he had his jersey untucked And. we already had got a a delay of game and Chris was like you have to fucking call it.


Which was technically they had to but the ref didn't want to call it but the nigga was so like that's part of the rules. You know the fucking rules, you know the fucking rules and the ref was like looking at it. I was like no. Ref was like I I have to call it called that shit. I was like oh that's some whole ass shit. I was mad as fuck. That ain't why we lost though. Oh okay. We lost 'cause a nigga threw a full court pass nigga. Nigga hit a layup on me then Intruder little ass cut that picture. What's that Steven Adams took it out of bounds just threw it along. I was shitty. I was pissed.


Damn bro. Yeah Jordan Bell subbing the game with his jersey Untucked. Niggas doing whole breakdowns of this is absolutely crazy. I had 30 something in that game. I had a good game that day. Damn. But yeah they threw that pass along right there and that's me getting scored on. Ain't that a bitch? I'm like how you throw a perfect fucking pass bro. Damn. But oh in that situation, how does it go in the locker room And like niggas like really mad at you like damn bro like you lost us again. But niggas like oh damn we just lost. We was sad as hell. He ain't getting well nigga's probably thinking about Chris Paul doing that shit. Really? I was just like damn I nah I talked to CP and him after the game.


I mean like it was a Bri like he know the game, he knows he knows what's fuck going on. So I wasn't even mad at him. I had 30 something anyway so I ain't give a fuck. I was lie I came off the bitch with a 30 piece like nah that's hard. Oh I ain't know you didn't start that game. You said fuck it. Nah, I came off the bench I 30 piece so I'm on really Trip. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah man they be, they be finding a random shit about you on Twitter and be asking a so I'm just doing my D no the funniest shit I seen nigga this this took the cake for me so you know I be playing 2K. A nigga had a Jeff Teague bill. Right. Oh my mama got hella dms about you. That nigga said hey can y'all help me grind this Jeff Teague bill nigga had my shooting at like 25.


My min at like 40 nigga my defense at like 36 nigga niggas was sending me that shit. The guy was in tears last nigga who made this shit. Whoever made this shit, fuck you. That shit was funny though. Hey speaking of defense bro. Basketball index said flash back to 2016, the top 10 in perimeter isolation. Defense number one George Hill two Chris Paul three Damien Lillard four Eric, Beto five, Jared, jar Jack six Jordan Clarkson number seven. It was you. Yeah nigga I used to lock up. Fuck they about you Ricky Rubio, Jimmy Butler rounded it out. That's funny as hell. Yeah niggas come, damn G Hill was locking up nigga was number one Elite goddamn damn G Hill I was cooking You nah let me stop.


I'm just joking. I'm joking yo. Oh Lord. But damn that nigga nah G could guard though but I knew I could guard what the fuck they talking about. Check the stats nigga. What is, how is that even like calculated like nigga I had guarded Kyrie so much I was in isolation so many times. Shit after a while they like you been at the top of the list guard. Kyrie is crazy too. Yeah. Dang it's crazy. That's crazy. I remember basketball's already back 'cause you know what I'm saying, the Lakers are already fucking up basketball Twitter and all the basketball sports because they already have, you know what I'm saying? They start lineup. My boy came in and said listen we ain't about to bullshit this year. This is my start lineup. This is on I'm rocking with man.


Repeat it. Who is it? JJ said after 1D Lows going to be there. It's gonna be a Reeves Roy Bryan ad that's gonna be the starting of five. I mean it shouldn't be no other way. I mean shit they get paid all the money. Oh real simple. Yeah I, that was simple. That wouldn't, if it's about that then fuck it. But I mean who else you gonna start it? It'll be remixed. I I mean throughout the season for sure. I'm sure Brony gonna end up starting. Let me chill out. Nah bro, we standing on that. Nah, but who else is gonna start though? Seriously, I think Jerry redder about gotta get back healthy but I don't think he was gonna take it. I I didn't like him as a starter anyway. He's an energy guy. Yeah and also you probably need and Reaves and Rudy to really have really, really, really high stock because if you have aspirations to get a championship or to get another piece, they gonna have to be yeah at their highest value championship shit dead.


I ain't gonna say that. I just worried about what seeding they wanna be. Well with this current roster I think it ain't likely but I with them niggas you never know what could happen bro. They could pull off a crazy trade. This happened before they got PGA sofa call me Brown. So yeah I don't put anything past Oh they get the trade for sure. Yeah that's what I'm saying. If they get they assets together. Right. I ain't calling 'em they players right now. We we we playing. You say damn as of right now they're playing team playing. They have playoff team in the west playing and then we on the way to Puerto Rico, nah week after bro. I believe in LeBron bro. Nah it is a team bro. He ain't golfing. Yeah but I just for some reason bro man he just on a different mission now. I think he got a headstart by playing in the Olympics so he in his best shape that can be in at 40 I think.


I think he at an elite level right now. I think bro going to kill bro. It's just that team bro. It is. I'm sleep bro. I think that there'll be a better team just off the simple fact that I feel like they got a little bit of a continuity going to this now 'cause they you, you could tell it was a live division with Darwin Hill. Now your new situation JJ seems to be a player's coach. We'll see how that goes but also we, it is probably gonna be heavy LeBron James as a coach so I think everybody gonna fall in line anyway. So who y'all team in the west that y'all think gonna make some noise this year that have an impact like Minnesota did and OKC did? Mm that's a good question. The Spurs. I think the Spurs gonna be better this year. Yeah for sure. I don't think they gonna make that same impact like that jump to being a conference finals or competing but I think they gonna make the playoffs.


I don't think there's gonna be anybody that's lower than that that's gonna make that jump this year because you got those teams now coming back a year later, the year better. I think that OKC is going to be even better this year. Especially getting Isaiah Hardin style. I think they're gonna be super dope. You got Minnesota coming back to where they supposed to be again. What about East Memphis coming back too though? They got drive back. Come on. I think Jar Jar gonna be way better this year. I hope so. Shout out to Gerald Jackson. Yeah he gonna be better. I'm, I'm mad Gigi is hurt Mr. See him really on the season. Yeah but speaking of the east shit. Yeah I know we had this conversation with Joe in the pod but I think it is, it is gonna have to happen now with Mitchell Robinson being out. Yeah.


Unless they gonna go get another center. Shit JR gonna have to start the five 'cause they damn train fucking with they with Jericho Brown starting. Yeah but they, I mean the Knicks are the Knicks now I'm saying y'all don't think it's another team that kind of was making a run towards the end of the year. That could be a spark in the east this year. That could be surprising. I think the team's gonna get a lot of wins next year that people, I mean they kind of pick with Orlando. I think Orlando's gonna be side getting KCP having another year continuity that Young Stars is going. I think they be, I like that they gonna be tough to deal with. I like Orlando but I think the Cavaliers are gonna be good. I love Kenny Akon. I believe in his formula. I love how he think the game. I love how he coaches it. So I think him getting that Cavaliers group with DG and still having Donovan Mitchell, Jerry Allen gonna be back.


I think they gonna be a lo a little better and they already were good so for sure. And also I was seen Donovan Mitchell on Mellows, you know Mero show and him like talking about Kenny being the reason. I was just like, I remember you speaking so highly of him and I'm like yeah that coach's situation even though JB didn't deserve to get can for that. Yeah put Kenny Jackson with that talent bro. They gonna be successful bro. Yeah he, he know how to coach guards too. So I'm looking forward to watching Cleveland this year. Gimme y'all predicted MVP. Ooh damn that's, I gotta see how niggas is coming. Lets, let's get a trainer camp first. Jump the gun song. No I'm gonna jump the gun. No my patience is clapping. Shit. We top five in the east.


Yeah we top five in the east. We happen in the music industry. This all, it's a Diddy takeover right now. Hey don't, don't, don't bring up Diddy after the patience. That's crazy. It's a Diddy takeover right now. Right. Hey speaking about the fuck niggas Hey and Twitter. Y'all shut the fuck up 'cause that was some ho ass shit so I don't know who run it. Whoever ruined the Patience Association Twitter. You outta pocket bro. So they just bring it back Ben Mathen what? How do you say his last name? Benedict Mathen? Yeah, Benedict Ben e You a real digger bro. Alright. When dunk on my, so they showed him, you know, I mean Pascal hyping him up and shit bro.


And the only really highlight of this nigga doing something bro is him dunking on Mel Turner. Bro. Why are y'all highlighting and putting that on Twitter? That of a motherfucker dunking on their teammate. Look, I don't even like them like that. But that wasn't the Pace Media team. That was peace skills. You know what I'm saying? He got the documentary, he got everybody all get ready for training Ke I fuck with you skills. Yes sir. That was, he about to, that was hilarious. It was nasty too 'cause he pushed him off and still. Hey he gonna kill next. They was just practicing. He got punched here bro. Yeah, it was crazy. He, he's we gonna be good next year man. But I told him go kill so you can leave. Why? Why the fuck is he leaving? He got paid. He already champion he got. Okay yet Who?


Pascal. Oh Benedict. No that's Benedict Benedict. I said in my tweet that I reposted, I said I killed bro. So you can get the fuck up outta here bro. Go kill. Yeah the crazy part is get away because DJ wanted you gone anyway. No, that's not true. Oh my God. Everybody, everybody I wanted gone is gone. My team we intact. He's six men, he gonna be six men. DJ is full of shit. Here's my problem. Is he supposed to be the six men though? No, I think that's where the problem is gonna lie. I think that ultimately they gonna have to trade ni hard if they won. They just paid him. I know, but I'm saying he got a friendly contractor though. Very friendly. Benedict Mather ain't going, he ain't supposed to be a six man on the team.


Nah, he cold. But you could have Nihar as a six man though. You think so? He got, he got a team friendly dude. But do you think that he's, I mean do you think that he's worthy to be a, a starting point guard on our team? Who Nihart? Yeah. Yeah. Some people will take him falsely. So that's what I'm saying. I think that could be a that minute because I mean he did, he went crazy last year in the playoffs. Yeah. So to have his minutes cut is like all right. But if big come back killing it's like all right now you gotta make a decision because you already pay your guards a lot of money. Get outta there. We good Top five next year we good money. We ain't worried about it. Yeah they got a couple hundred million tied up in that back court with, come on bro. tj, TJ got paid. Tyree B gonna get paid after next year then y'all got nihar. Damn.


That's what I'm saying bro. We can't have half our salary 'cause MA's gonna get paid in next year. Yeah. Knee Smith making like he's on a very friendly deal. He's very friendly. Very friendly deal. Shout to him. OB is too, that's why I said we, you know what I'm saying? We, we, we, we talk. We gonna shout. Yeah Nick pull up if it's about it but hey shout to your, your Colorado buffs got the dub again man. If that was the luckiest one I ever seen in my fucking know, I think special, special moments are meant for special players. Shout out to my boy TH Big Hunter, you know what I mean? Both sides of the ball. My boy made a big tackle, you know what I mean? To force the fumble, we sealed the victory man shout out to Shado, shout the real Ss, you know what I mean doing your thing.


No shit Sharp, you know what I'm saying? I don't think they call him boy. They do respect girl say shit short. You got a girl that but man they pulled it off, you know what I mean? At the end good win for the guys man. Good locker room moment. They had my boy baby face Ray performing. We can't wait to have you on the show next. Hey and a new album is Fire. Yeah. Fuck with so yeah man, dope buff. Y'all know what it is. Hey that's crazy. I ain't gonna hold you for anybody who doubted Shado. Y'all stupid. That man is cold and he should be. You doubted him. I thought he that he not better than Cam Wood.


Oh you was tripping. He better than Cam. Who I love Cam so I ain't That's between you and dj. I shado Sammy better than Cam Wood. I think if, if Shado had the same resources that Cam had, I think we would be saying you would probably have this conversation. But either way there should be either way Shado should be Cam Moore had Travis Hunter. Oh my mama. I mean that is fair. What offensive I'm real shit. But who better whose offensive line is better? I mean Yeah but if you guys nah you can't just say yeah in college football that's bro he had Travis Hunter bro. Travis Hunter is literally the best player in college football. Like yeah by far. Oh yeah but you see Sure running for his life bro. But can war can run.


Yeah but he don't have to because he protection. Kim Kim, he's nice. No, this he fuck Kim be chilling in the pocket and he get his shit off. He's, he's very relaxed but bro he's a problem. He nice. Nah he's cold bro. Nice. He bro, he got the U back like he been weak for some years. Trash bro. Nah, weak but they been, nah they been not weak used to. Yeah they ain't been, they ain't held up the legacy like they was supposed to but he got, he got 'em back knocking at the door. I ain't mad at Jeff take on that one bro Cam 'cause he is accurate and Shado is too real. But the mobility is definitely different for sure. I mean Shado probably the most accurate quarterback. Yeah but Cam is accurate and he's way more athletic. Yeah, but Shado hold onto the ball so much.


He having to. Yeah, I mean nah, I think he hooked to me. You know I ain't do football connoisseur. I think the nigga hold onto the ball 'cause he's trying to keep them stats. Yeah, for sure. He ain't trying to throw picks. We get it. That's why like, you know what I'm saying? So yeah. Y'all know go buffs all day. But that cam ward, that's, that's tough bro. But either one of them should be the top two to three quarterbacks taking the draft next year For sure. Yeah. I hope Cam won. I'm a cam, I'm a Cam fan. Yeah, they get away. I I discovered him close, like I say Washington State before. Yeah, yeah. I discovered him at Washington State playing the game, watching the game. Who was at Washington State then I went to go play the game to go get him. They like he in Miami now.


I'm like oh damn, I, I wonder you might not be wrong but I wonder where he transferred from. I fuck with him. I think it was Washington State. It's fried but I think I fuck with him 'cause he a nigga bro. He talks shit bro. Like Yeah you seen him on the go ma? We about to score right here. Yeah, he yeah and I watched him and Shado hiss workouts This summer and I was like, yeah this he a different type of dog. Yeah he ain't no trying to be fly. Ain't nothing wrong with that Shado. You know what I mean? You your daddy's child. But Kim a trench baby bro.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you're not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo.


Lenovo,


Why does this room look amazing? What'd you change? Oh, I just got these custom shades from blinds.com. It's all online so it's really easy. Great price too. Ugh. I remember shopping for blinds. I waited around all day just to get a quote. Hi, sorry I'm late. I know you said just the bedroom, but what do you feel about the bathroom? I feel like I had to say yes just to get rid of her. All right. Just go ahead and sign here and we'll get everything taken care of. It took forever. And the worst part, hidden fees. How about you? I chatted with my blinds.com design consultant on my time, got free samples and it was all super high quality at a great price. Plus they make it easy to DIY or add installation like I did. Blinds.com sounds way better. Way better. And everything comes with their 100% satisfaction guarantee. Plus check this out. I can control them from my phone. Whoa. Magic Shop lines.com for up to 50% off site-wide and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. lines.com rules and restrictions may apply.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business. None of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can Be pretty stressful. Now imagine ooo, Ooo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's odo o.com.


Listen To Trans on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that right? The fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space every week. We bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment you've come to expect from the fantasy footballers only. Now from a dynasty perspective, maybe you've been living in the dynasty fantasy football space for a while. Well we're here to take your game to the next level. Maybe you love fantasy football and you've been feeling that itch to jump into the dynasty format. But it feels a little bit intimidating no matter where you're coming from. The Fantasy Footballer's Dynasty podcast has something for you and you're gonna have a great time listening. I promise. Join me and the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


And. we know what's dope like I see how, you know what I'm saying? I ain't gonna say his name, but he is co the commander's quarterback to see, to have his success early on for what? Ain't gonna say his name because you know what it is. It's football time. We war, we don't fuck up what he's talking about. He nice though. Yeah he amazing. But he in my division so I can't, you know what I'm saying, respect this nigga. He nice though, but for him to kill the way he, he keep doing your thing man. He's cold doing his thing. He there go real journalist right there but fuck them. Oh for them to kill like that, for them to come behind next year is gonna be fire asleep man. Yeah, I fuck with that. How the Cowboys been Get well soon. Jokes well soon you saw, you see Jerry Jones out here being what I'm saying?


See that shit with Jamie Foxx bro. Like hey you who was more outta pocket him? No, I'm saying though, was Jamie filming that though? Was that on a live or was that recorded and posted? Hey, you said this a long time ago. Back when we was in the old residence, niggas never win by going live. Live. Awesome. I was saying it by that. I didn't know if it was live or if Jamie like look y'all look at this freak he ass fucker. Nah he probably just filming like look at we at the Combine. Whatever. They was like him saying that was crazy. Well he pulled up there to do that with Jerry. What'd he say? They did say Jamie Naked. Hey what he say? He got 12 foot shoe. His hands are big and they gotta, man what Jerry you out of pocket man bro.


Jerry threw half. How did you get that? How did you get that assessment bro? That's not at the combine. Nigga. Like what nigga who they do not do those measurements at the combine. Nigga they do that on porn hook Cowboys fans. Let us know what's the point. What's the awards there? Let do that there. What is going on in Dallas? That's crazy man. Listen I was the Pink Palace. He gotta say on the team after that bro. If I was that player, Baldwin sued him, bro. Jarrell don't never forget his name is Jarrell. I would've, I would've sued him bro. If I found out I was that player bro. You know what? And y'all was professional athlete niggas, y'all take showers and shit after the game.


Jerry, Jerry bitch Bird watching Jerry outta the pocket. Jerry got the camera outta Jerry. Jerry got the bathroom, the oh send so on one side Jerry got any allegations in. That's crazy. What kind of physicals is y'all niggas getting in Cowboys? Man, let find out. We don't even got Team Docker. They got Jerry. What going on man ain't gonna see me no more appreciate but God damnit we wanted two figure something out. We lose against the 49 ERs and everybody on their team. Our season is over. Dak told y'all needs to make a decision now. Who Dak? He said nigga y'all can leave right now. We ain't finna keep doing this meeting shit. He said that and you better not lose another fucking game talking behind that.


Now I didn't expect this to beat the Ravens. I had marked that beginning of the year that was gonna be a loss. The Ravens, they're not a real oh and two team but god damn we lose against the four nine ERs and everybody's hurt. Our season's over, it's over with. Y'all always over though. But y'all Oh I mean we're not the way y'all seasons always start is on some bullshit. 'cause y'all always got somebody in a contract situation. Y'all never could just go into a season ready to play dog. When he asked him he was like why didn't you get Derrick Henry? Because Derrick Henry was confused Why we didn't offer him a contract? He was just like shit we just couldn't afford him. I'm like nigga that's your fault. Yeah that like you were supposed to fix that. That's crazy. Get well soon. Cowboys Man we already starting off a bullshit ass season but your boy the real ad I feel bad for Bryce Young after Sunday.


Man they get that win back. I knew Andy Dogg was gonna win. I swear I said he gonna play good 'cause I told y'all. Oh my god. Did I not say that Mike? Did I say it? I was the only nigga telling y'all what ad was finna get in there and do. Bro you Andy Dolton we're not calling him ad he is to keep all eight people. Nicknames bro. Real. I told y'all Bryce Young just said and y'all like nah he was cold and calm. I'm like nigga he's five 10. He can't see he was cold. He was but I'm just like he not good then Andy Dalton get in there the real ad. He go out there, he throw for 300. He killed. I swear to God. I was like damn off a Twitter. I love Twitter. Twitter They like be here. You said Andy Dalton's gonna do his thing.


They said the real ad. That's what made me really irritated. Like we not gonna just take that nickname. I love Twitter bro. Man I told you that he was gonna play. I knew they was gonna win. I was gonna Prince just because he's a veteran bro. That's the only reason why I gave him Grace. He got old though. But he's a veteran compared to Bryce Young. He's a batt bro. You know how that is. And he don? Yeah he's in his thirties for sure. That nigga's 27 and he don can't be 27. Man. He was at fucking Cincinnati for like six years. Definitely made up. He probably like 33 but fuck he good though. That's though he 30 bro. He man, he don't have a flashback. Damn. He's he's a vet bro. Nah, he ain't that old but bro, he for sure I knew he was gonna have a big game.


Definitely used to blow the cartridge. Who? Damn. Who was the, when they showed the clips on it, them celebrating and then they, they just kept paying it back to b. I said y'all some assholes. I'm don't do that. I'm glad he celebrated with his team though because he better than me. Oh man, that bitch somewhere told him back some Hennessy. Y'all think him sitting on the bench is gonna make him better though. In the next couple he can learn bro. Yeah, he needed to learn man. Oh no. Go get some better fucking players for him to play with next year. Man y'all just making the players look good. What the fuck He won one game Where these niggas about to go on run? No, he won one game last year. I mean god damn. Who's the quarterback? Fucking I'm trying bro. Fuck do something.


He fucking stinks. And what's crazy is everybody, not everybody but a lot of teams was just like hey we'll trade for him. They was just like no nigga, we're not trading him. Nah I we bullshitting Bryce. Sean just it's a learning curve bro. You just hit a rough patch nigga. We wish you well for sure. Sure. I mean you look at what happened in Pittsburgh this year. Justin Fields fucking hooping. Yeah he just need a new, he probably just needs some a breath of fresh air. He need a new team. Yeah him outta Carolina man. What's my guy Who? Sam. Donald Sam. He back. Yeah And that's crazy bounce back because they, they drafted a quarterback in the first round and you know what I'm saying with JJ McCarthy they thinking that, you know what I'm saying like damn he out for the season. Your first round picked gum before you even get to fucking training camp.


For real. Sam Darnell doing numbers now. Sam Darnell now he really young though. He only like 26 real. Maybe these new quarterbacks need to learn the curve when they come into the league. Maybe it's hard for like quarterback now to come into the league and start it right away. Dog. Alex Smith talked about that which was one of the fire commentaries I've seen a long time. He was just like that Peyton Manning model only worked because Peyton Manning was as good as he was to go through the terrible years. All the bullshit. Peyton had the most interceptions in the rookie like ever. Yeah he was just like as a victim of that. Like he was just like, I coulda used times to develop but again thrown into the fire doesn't work. It takes very special people. I think you might see some teams go back to that because you look at Atlanta did it, you know what I'm saying? They got oh boy Kirk Cousins.


Yeah they got Kirk Cousins and then they drafted a quarterback. Yeah so put the motherfucker on learning curve bro. It's cool. Yeah because Sam Donner hoop but but Sam Donna Young though. Well he like 26, 27. I think he younger than Joe. Joe Burrow. Sam Donna probably might be 28, 29. He like younger than boy. Nah, I think he than Joe. Nah bro, he's he been outta U US C for a minute. He younger than Joe Burrow. How old is he? Shit I I was looking up something else for y'all. I was at the Panthers head coaches in the last, oh we we don't ever need to look at the Panthers organization. Panther? Yeah something else. PD Pablo. They might as well be Newton. Cam. Newton. Cam Newton the defensive coordinator.


They they always got Cam on offense. They got even DC Hey speaking of defensive coordinator, hey War sat be out there bullshitting Corona bro he needs to be out you feel me? They that that helped settle the CT bro That did Mohawk is crazy. He got Mohawk. It's crazy. I seen somebody write there saying this one I knew Diddy was on bullshit. He had that Mohawk. I was like Mo with the T no bullshit bro. No smart on your name. No I did not. They did not have me neck and neck with nah bro. I beat as like I know I did not, they not had no picture. They got me fucked up.


Why you looking for him? Why you looking for that bullshit shit with you and did pop? We had basketball niggas as we heard about the basketball games. Hey the court that they tagged us in Where Diddy? They had the two bands soccer court nigga. What? Oh nigga that's that's the Palms Hotel. I know but why he in there? Yeah he's filthy for that.


Yeah y'all stupid man fuck y'all nigga. I ain't never met did he nigga how old is Sam? Dar Sam Dar like 27. Shit. Mike just talk your phone bro. Siri boy Tyler I can't take that 27 told y'all oh shit was wrong. He younger than Joe Burrow. Joe Burrow like 29. That boy Joe Burrow out here. The bank almost done that nigga about to retire in a little bit. Who Joe Bur he Chase is sick over there. He ready to go? Yeah they sneak it up every beginning of this season too. Hey the same age. Shit that's crazy. I feel like Sam Donna been in the league forever. Yeah because well yeah that might moving around too.


At at last NF NFL day your boy DeMar Hamlin got his first pick. Yeah. Yeah they said re they said the rebrand is strong. Oh God I'm telling y'all nigga he got that new heart nigga Ironman. Shit crazy. What they call that shit niggas used put on they gloves, stick on there, stick them y'all see that nigga where he hid it All he did was this. I said that nigga really think he Ironman What the expire he to go lemme chill ain't do that nigga was hot bro. Shout out. Shout out to DeMar man. No come back man.


Almost he if he a clone. Nah clone Tyrone stupid. That nigga hey that nigga run game was weak though. He ain't no I was like nigga run, he still trying to get adjusted to that body bro. Nigga ain't that easy Go on field nigga. That nigga was running sideways. My he ain't get that software update yet. My fault still looking Broo 16 bro. My boy on the Blackberry service, they gotta get him up to date. I'm like nigga that nigga running solid. We go up the field. Oh shit. Hey man did y'all see U US C-U-N-L-V quarterback He transferred to UNV this year, you know what I'm saying? And they had a quote unquote verbal promise of the NIL for like a hundred bands.


UNLV is three O this year and they beat a lot of, beat a couple teams, they in the top rankings and he transferring he red shirting and he's getting the fuck up outta here. He said yeah I ain't get paid none of the money I was promised to come here so it's deuces. He was story. Yes bro, that is crazy. That fuck's a real job nigga. Now it's, it's a lot of angles to this story so we going talk about it. The funny part is at first it was explained as, you know what I'm saying, he had a signed situation and he just didn't get paid. Then other information came out allegedly that it was a verbal commitment. So one you outta pocket for transferring anywhere or doing anything with your life for a verbal commitment. Yeah it's terrible business 1 0 1 but two hey if y'all promised me some bread and I'm out here killing and then he said they got an agent and evaluated that his services was better mushroom places nigga I'm gone.


Yeah. Damn. Damn. At some point don't you just love the game though? Like yeah damn. Offered by the assistant coach not like a head coach. Well the whole thing about it is typically and this is why you see Wge going to say Bono Venture, you know what I'm saying? A lot of these programs are gonna start having people, like you said the general managers basically at a school who's gonna be in charge these NIL programs to make sure everything goes smoothly. 'cause no the coaching staff shouldn't be involved with that at all. But the whole finesse situation is regardless shit, if you was promising bread Yeah I want that bread or I ain't playing and you, I can't get mad at it. We don't know if this nigga gonna go to the NFL but if that NIL bag gonna be the biggest bag he get. Yeah we shopping. I feel that but damn I do love playing though.


Like damn. Yeah that's crazy bro. Damn. But how would you feel if you went to weight? You know what I'm saying? You know y'all go to that magical run you was promised, you know what I'm saying? A hundred bands and the months go by they tell you. Nah not yet. Not yet. They no way in here. They would've signed me for a hundred bands. Me and him two different kind niggas talk your shit. What you getting? What you getting away nigga at Wake nigga I'm getting a meal for sure like oh yeah a hundred bands. That's a what? A hundred bands would've been after you beat UNC? Yeah I would've got a handshake with that. You crazy. Hell, UNLV, all the gambling shit out there, that's all you got was a hundred. He must have been ass where he was at at first or so. He was, I don't think he was the most highly to crew.


Yeah because ain't no way you was supposed to get a hundred. It had to be. That was just one deal y'all was supposed to have done but I'll be sick. Damn bro. That is tough. Damn because pay what you weigh. Yeah, on God I could pay for my ap, he cannot pay for his GShock. He has not gotten paid. They gave him 3000 for relocating to to move to get to campus and then they started seeing other one. Dude was just like, yeah my son got promised some stuff and as soon as he took his first class they came to me back and said well you here now. He stuck, they gave you three that's crazy. Thousand to relocate three bands bro. Yeah they can work for UPS. I'm not going to no school like o'clock at Amazon for four days.


I'm not it up. I'm not leaving the school for three bands bro. I'm just gonna stay where I'm at bro. I'm gonna get out the mud bro. Evan Turner. Yeah bro. That's why I done about start string them niggas be acting up bro. That's why the CT kick in. I see. That's why AJ Price was stealing computers and shit back in the day. Yeah, cutting up. I I I understood that. I understood that they was trying to download that shit too. Had us on the shout out to my nigga d Will. I thought you gonna be mad when you see this but this is for you Niggas get crazy shout outs on the show.


Oh Lord man that's crazy. Crazy man. But to do anything without paperwork you outta pocket for sure. Completely out of pocket. Hey shout to the, i I got the homies name again but he, he's the one who made 37 EC clips. Apparently there's a women 37 U as well. For what sport? For football. I remember that Girl's football league though. I don't remember that. Well I used to date a bitch to act like she had CT e God forbid these women I'm just gone. I'm just gonna let it roll. My nigga name was like spray what's his name, spray nigga? Probably though.


I think his name is like now right? She probably AB now. Yeah she threw when when the CT gets worse it crazy. Hey y don't hear something funny. This is just random as hell. The filthiest song I ever heard. I about to play it for y'all. Y'all gonna remember it. This is round. Y'all can keep talking. It's so filthy. Don't y Love. That's the Filthiest dude. His Apple music playlist. His algorithms crazy. Nah, his explore page on this Instagram. My Instagram filthy yo. Explore my nah my shit normal as hell. Respect.


I got the same one as you nigga. What you talking about? What? See y'all always start with me and then when I what's that nigga name man, before I get mad we don't know what song you on because I'm about to tell you I can't tell y'all that. It's gonna take a, it is gonna take the joke away motherfucker. Oh man. Luckily we got people that end this shit. Oh no. But go ahead man. Y'all keep talking. I I'm gonna find it because I was playing it last night but I, I, I was whiling so I took it off I the paper, my ap whatever.


What he be saying? His own perfect timing. Don't my nigga sha, that's how he sound. I just got a new AP trying make sha sound, sound Cordy. Hey him playing his song effort like one was far. That's hard though. I ain't gonna lie. That was hard. Yeah, they knew it on a walk into and on the warm up. But what vibe you gonna play on the, are you, you on that nigga? Like if you the backup quarterback or you really shooting? Nah bro, I'm not bobbing to that shit. Shit can't for a reason bro. I'm not bobbing to that shit. Alright bro. Bryce young bro. Bro you can't. Bryce Young in college bro. Bryce young bro. So down my nigga but shit, that's damn better way to get go in college. But look, arch man about to finesse nigga to Oh hell yeah bro.


He finess his way bro. Take your time. It don't matter how much you play bro. As soon as you play it's up. That number one team he threw three. Can he throw a couple picks though? His last game that don't matter. Yeah, his part, he didn't start that game but Yeah, but it's, it's up now. Next year he got some wheels on him too. Oh yeah, he can run. He I didn't know that. Yeah he's the, remember he is the son of the wide receiver, not the, not the quarterbacks. Oh okay. His daddy was athletic. Well they said he got it from his mama. I respect. Respect. You might as off with your other question that you had off with the freak off songs freak off song nigga. I never say nothing about no freak off song. What it say to you that had you smiling? Man this nigga here a weak ass nigga boy. Nigga aint say nothing. Wait, it's a freak off soundtrack. Hey hell no.


We was gonna do the Johnson and Johnson. Hey this the Filthiest song ever made r Kelly and Denny. Oh. Oh my god. What the I got five on the sha. I got hey s something like so give it to me. Something like that satisfy. You don't understand. I remember that. I know we can't talk about right now but his Lokey is a smokey. This shit he no he don't. No he don't. That motherfucker really is a hit though. It might be too soon. That motherfucker goes crazy. Twist car nigga flipped that motherfucker hard though.


But Paul, but nah, I was saying we was listening to music the other day and I was like the girls who had like songs that was talking about men wherever, how they would treat they men like cater to you. And I was like what verse would you want your woman to treat you like? Like if you could pick one verse that a woman's song or rap or whatever that you would want your woman to treat you like. And I was asking y'all and I wanted to know, like I said I'll pick Ss a snooze. I want her to feel like that about me. Mm. And you said what? Oh is it on me? It can be no matter who I, I'll go before you because I know you, you ain't no telling. I'll take Sierra Promise Hook. I oh he wanna make love.


Well I'm gonna read mine now. You know ne ho that me, you that make you me nigga. You know nigga, what types of shit who quit to drop that? Let another bitch lick that now you don't. I did not expect that one to come.


I expect that. I swear to God I didn't. But that was a go verse Trina. You legend. You could never do no wrong about I know. Now that's a facts. Oh man. That's good. Hey, I thought maybe my nigga was gonna wild out and say sexy red. I was not expecting Katrina Legend. Hey, what's funny though? We talked about before the show started, that nigga side got mine. I, I was thirsty. What you was gonna say bro? That was good. That was good. You, you took the picture the way you read that motherfucker like wedding vows is fucking hilarious. You don't, somebody already mixed.


Oh man, that was, that was classic. Yeah. So Sean's the tree of the gold bro. Yeah, I can't even read all that one. Y'all know? Snooze. I was gonna ask y'all what the lyrics even matter because Matter. Matter because I, I want me in there Hope said another bitch. Look on that clip I would keep dreaming because it's over. Hey, you got shot at hell. Oh shit. Oh man, that's a man. Speaking of music, man.


Ell Jones did a breakdown of where I wanted to be. Oh fuck. He was talking about his girl on the song and I think inspired that. RB Singers was really like doing like this song for some of our biggest records that we love. Nah bro. You had to bro. Oh man. Them niggas was, them niggas was I, you know what, speaking about r and b niggas, I like Joe, but Joe used to be on some hating ass shit. Nah, Joe was the dirty Mackin kid. He is a piece of shit, bro. Yeah, all the things your man won't do is crazy 'cause how the fuck you know what he doing? Yeah, those nigga, she coming to him. But you already got away talking about me. That's the hate part. That's how you know just who my nigga, I'm over here. I'm over at 360, write it down talking about me.


And she told me you ain't do this. Cracking with you, cracking my bitch. Then going make a song about me not being shit in her life. That's why bitch, I'm gonna kill you. I won't wanna know I won. You know that's outta pocket bro. A shoulder to crawl for sure. It's always been that way, Dick The dial. Oh my God. Man. You said you often joke. No, I I but I like Joe's music but they just, bro, the older I get, I really be paying attention to what they be saying bro. It is wild bro. Niggas was really out of pocket like, like I was listening to, I think is it get your roll on or something like that?


Man, Manny Fresh Out Pocket. That what he said. Big digs. Weed slain. Come on Jerry. Do your thing. Hey, what? What you want bro? Homeless jets? Nah, don't speak on Thelan bro. Bold six Vision. But what used to repeat that, but what did Bar Man say on number one? Nothing. What'd he say? What'd he say? He said something fried. I let my little nigga bust up the, it was so crazy. Something he beat up. He beat up the ass or something. Oh. Speaking about that. That see, see we hear, fuck my dick suck fast. I like to play with them. Bitch like the fuck I my ass, my nigga beat up the pussy.


Yeah, something like that. Oh you like the fuck in their ass? Well he said something I like to play with them rookies. Yeah, I like to play with them rookies. Yeah, he's a, yeah. What do you mean outta the pocket? Yeah, saying something outta pocket mean by that. Well this pod is trying to grow. I had to gray one because there's some rookies. What do you mean by that? Rookies. What do you mean by that? Maybe we was talking about the Wwn BA. Was it around then? Well Cynthia Cooper came in. That bitch 40 not doing. I'm not around with co bro. Gotta do slide. He gotta slide.


But I just wanted to say this And, we can get the fuck outta here, but hey big papa nigga. Wake up. You ought fucking wake up. You outta fucking pocket. Biggie Smalls, you, Diddy and the other nigga who produced the fucking video, bro. Hey, ain't that motherfucker with the lead singer bro? It's the trainee bro. Oh, you talking about the video? The lead? Yes bro. The lead lady. And during the video, the lead, the leading him during the video. Diddy and the other nigga, they're just sitting there watching the motherfucker use the bathroom during the video, bro.


Well it all makes sense now don't it? I'm off these niggas, bro. That's not the only one though. It's a few, but she's in a lot of videos. Yeah bro. They said she got killed though. Yeah, motherfucker smoked her rest in peace. But the director of the Hype Williams. Hype Williams, that was Hype Williams shorty. Allegedly. Oh, that was his cousin. Nah. Oh, he was touching cousins. Incest I like so I like them. Play with them. And. we can get out there, be here. Tell people they can grab some mech without it. I know. I wanna know what turn Foxcom. I like to know And. we gotta go The Volume.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo. Pro Lenovo Lenovo


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new re-imagined Nissan Kicks today. Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or warn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch. No one can stop you for more, check out bose.com.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new faith provides answers. You mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway he tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Michael Rappaport and I have been professionally podcasting for 10 years. The podcast game has changed so much. And if you're looking for the most disruptive podcast in the world, then subscribe to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast. Today we're talking sports, politics, pop culture, entertainment, and anything that catches my attention. Listen to the I Am Rappaport Stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.