
Man, listen, traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staring the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah, traveling sometimes when they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, spots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier For sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified. Ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man. It was perfect. Out to Airbnb, how you feel about the tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Have you boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today. And unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


The fall season we don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven. With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold onto that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Hey, it's Angela Yee searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color with 10 hour comfort and a non-drying matte finish. Spike Valentino is that girl with gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Maison Valentino's signature studs and can you hear that magnetic click. Discover the 12 shades in vibrant news and pops of color from couture in the streets to its Valentino baby. The Volume.


Alright we back man. Another episode of Club five 20 podcast. This ain't even a guest. We got family in the building man. We've been waiting for this episode for a minute man. Introduce my man's last to my far left. My dog Bishop B he out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty cool In Phoenix baby. Let's get to it For sure. To my right my dog. Young nacho young te how you what? I'm chilling bro. You already know I'm hype right here. This is my dog right? Was him by the door. I ain't gonna hold you. He one by the door. One by the door. Shout to jr. Yeah JR got the special you know special pack from JR. My boy dang. Hooked us up man. We in Formula zero. We out here chilling. Look it is man. Till my left man. We got a big 10 legend Ohio State legend longtime NBA vet and the man in the 0.4 podcast We got ATT Evan Turner in the building.


Big do appreciate you sliding on this brother and Appreciate y'all man. When y'all invited me, like I said, I was touched but I took so long to pull up 'cause I didn't wanna like give y'all a stinker interview. Hold on Bro. Yeah that was, that's that's how you started. That took so long to man, I dunno if I can really, they paused be popping like I dunno if I'll dull it down or not or Nah nah nah bro. We follow you on Twitter. Elite Twitter put that's my best work. That's My best work. Be honest with you. Sometimes I'll be like bro are people watching when I'm posting because I'm going crazy. Hey when you say if we lose the, I'm like my son Nikola.


You think about it brother. I be the next wave of bat. Niggas wanna be hooping no more. We would've lost the Serbia. It would've been over G and I'm like bro they could be some niggas named LeBron like Nicolo just beat some nigga named LeBron. It's over for us. Y'all don't think so? What's wrong? Because I'm being dead serious. It Let's start off with the origin man. My dog. I, this this story go way back for me 'cause I remember meeting ET when I was like sophomore in high school. Freshman in high school he played for the Illinois Wolves bro. They had nice jerseys uniform team was all put together and here I come with these nappy braids, reversible jerseys, our own shorts, And.


we playing against Evan and Dmitri and they used to beat our ass shit We used to practice Had plays we used just come to the tournament. Nah, but I knew ET since back then man it's, it is dope to see where you came from there to now it's crazy as hell to see. Yeah it's funny 'cause you know even back in that tournament, you know back in the day like if you like an unsigned senior you could play a a u. So we were playing 17 to under but we were 16 and I remember like just seeing the jerseys not really knowing like who he was but I'm like oh he he picking our pockets like buddy dunking shit buddy.


You know what I mean? Like just giving us pure hell. So in my head I'm like he gotta be an unsigned senior. So like while we playing shit I'm kind of like hey bro like if you want you can play over here type shit. Like we got Jersey like everything like No bullshit. He said that to me to middle the game bro. Like yeah you can play, you wanna play with us bro. We got Jersey. So I said man what's wrong with This nigga man you wanna go to Reebok camp or go to Reebok camp? I'm like everything like I don't, I don't know. So once that game's over we like bro buddy so cold. So we talked to our AAU coach. I'm like well where's he supposed to go? He's like bro that kid is your age. I'm like that kid is my age. So like when we're sitting there I'm like bro that's no cap g. We all said you was better than D Rose at the time. Yeah Y niggas was true bro.


That's How good you was playing that Day. Right. So we like Some moments but shit No that hey we must have been lemon to you 'cause you was killing us. And I just remember sitting there and always just remembering find out you were my age and just being like man this is gonna be a tough climb up. If I got a battle verse him And, we go to A a u we go to a B, CD camp. Yep. Yep. And like our whole team was just like every tournament you were in we were just paying attention to you and be like what the te kid do? What the TE kid do? Nah, I her and my AAU turn coach telling skip proser like you might want Dmitri. Yeah but this is the one. Nah. Yeah I remember talking Like literally like Dmitri is the coldest dude I ever seen And, we were like like quiet ke like that dude over there that only liked to play every other game.


It's the truth. Then he was DP back in the night, he would just Show up to like a, like a, B, C, D camp and not look interesting like you know we try and change our lives. Right. But you know like It's just my look bro, That ain't how I really feel. I just look like that. Yeah the homeless killer that's saying with a nigga your age ask you, hey man what you aint got some water over there? They need some sauce. You know I went to that a u-turn And we, we still on science so I'm expecting every tournament to look like some shit on tv like yeah so I wanna go change my life so when I'm showing up they got reversible jerseys. I'm like bro this ain't this ain't it Like You was on South Sudan.


Yeah. What Bro, I can't get jiggy with this shit real like Mike you fucking my, you fucking up my 30 for 30 bro Cambridge nigga. I'm like man and I'm like dude with the four X de at Man JJ Reddick j Williams never going crazy. Yeah Damn. And he and that was literally Jeff t and no funny shit. I had been a fan ever since then. Oh man we were like 16 years old. That was in Louisville, Kentucky. Was you already that guy around that time too though? Yeah he was. Yeah He was that He was trying to don't be talk we talking bro. He was that height.


I was, I was, He could handle the ball so we like damn this nigga six seven with handle. So like he always had that right to left that mug or that left to right. That mug was mean. Yeah Evan. Yeah we like 14. I'm like damn he tall as shit dribbling the the ball. He the because when he was coming in the game we thought he was gonna be like the power forward and he handling the rock and the little white dudes is just running around shooting threes. Yeah. And him and Dmitri got the ball. We like we ain't got nobody to guard him So He used to kill us and I'll never forget I be like Dmitri Cole and you know Phil like nah heat the cold when look how tall he is And that's how we became fans And we was like damn I just kept up with him. Yeah. And when I seen him go to Old State I'm like ah damn me going there with because we thought Mike was staying.


Yeah. So I'm like damn he going there with Mike and them. That's crazy but I'm let you keep going DJ You ended up dipping and that was shit. That was pretty much it bro. I just remember going back to those days and like how loaded pause that class was. Yeah. Even then when I was saying like we thought you was better than D Rose but they had like Chris Wright they had, you know what I mean? Yeah the J Lucas's So they had damn near everybody it it was tough to make a All American game. Oh yeah hell bro. BS. Yeah OJ p You say Nah y'all Was strap but growing up in Indianapolis around that time was probably pure hell Shit. Probably same for you in Chicago like Oh yeah D Rose is a problem. Yeah.


What's that like though like in high school competing against D Rose? Man it was, You gotta think he was, he was D Rose back then so I remember the first time I ever really seen him we had like an eighth grade all-star game and it was like west suburbs versus west side South suburbs for South side and I think like north first downstate. So I was playing on the west side team so I was playing a different game but I remember like being in the back and I see like a trophy and it's like Player of the year Derrick Rose. I'm like well who the player of the year Derrick Rose. Who the hell is Derrick Rose type stuff? Like why? Why would he get a whole trophy and I'm here type shit.


That's what I'm like why do you do this? Dunno. He is. Yeah. And then like before you know it buddy just pulled up and was dunking everything. He goes to Simeon, he wasn't allowed to play his freshman year but then once the sophomore year hit he was, he was God and everybody else, it's just them like, you know what I mean? So I was a a distant second when we grew up playing but to grow up and play in the city of Chicago is just crazy. You know Came Across Pat Bev too. Yeah, Pat Bev people don't man Pat Bev to me you could say D Rose is out there G but Pat Bev was throwing up 40. Yeah bro. Publicly taking out everybody. So yeah I thought it's pretty dope. We, we had like a lot of dope talent during that time and when you see what they're doing now you look at John Shire during that time, he's by far head over heels better than everybody until D Rose took him out.


He's shit the coach of Duke. Yeah. You know Collins left there, he's a Kansas legend all time winning this player at Kansas. Yeah. You look at Jake Poland, people forget Jake Poland State, It's a state legend. Yeah. All timely and scored from there right Back. What was that high school My fault that he went to Jake Poland went to provide, What was that big man from there? Brian Cardwell. Brian Cardwell. He went to St. Joe. Yes bro that was my bad. I Just had a moment. Yeah, No because he came to Indiana and yeah Bro and did some Work to Greg Oin and Yeah and Mike Conley and that was like a big deal. So you know around that time growing up in Chicago I think like there's like 20 players in the top 20 from the state that went D one so you know what I mean?


So I was playing verse a bunch of kids in the Big 10 and I grew up playing Verse since I was 10 years old. That's whole show. And it was so crazy in the city, especially in that time period that oh 5 0 6 0 7. Yeah because you go from Josh Mc Roberts to Mike and Greg and then ej. Yeah. Yeah we had a rough And I remember talking to Brad Stevens, he was just saying like I would go recruit like from Butler not trying to go get them but I would wait to go see a guy play verse something. Yeah. And be like if they do decent they can go. I know they're pretty good 'cause these dudes are gonna be NBA Hall of Famers. Yeah. You know what I mean? So crazy. What was it like you had the battle, what was it like coming up in that time? Did that kind of kill your confidence that you weren't Mike? Nah. 'cause You know what I mean? Because like you was cold bro. Nah, 'cause like Mike, Mike dad's the reason I gained confidence 'cause I used to have good games against Mike but I was like a hood hooper.


Like I didn't a one and shit like that. So like when I played against, so I just wanted to crossing 'cause I knew everybody was gonna talk about it. Like I'm just gonna cross him. But then I started getting competitive and I was score and stuff but I ain't never looked at it like that. They was just Greg and Mike to me. Yeah. Like I ain't really know they was like a big, big deal until I went to Vegas and I seen how people was treating them. I'm like, oh they the shit like you know me here. We like oh that's great. Oh and they can't go outside though. I can go outside like yeah I'm in with my friends. We go, we at the parties, we in the streets. They can't do that. So it didn't look fun to me to be them. But then when I seen kinda love they was getting everywhere else.


Like they got Reebok deals and all. I'm like, oh yeah, they getting the real love. I'm getting the booties, getting twerked on at the club. They getting, they getting the real stuff. So it wasn't, it ain't mean nothing till I got to there and I'm like, oh I gotta figure it out. Then Coach Conley kind of put a battery in my back like you just as good as him and it's his son. You like damn you think I'm good as him? He like, yeah you should have all these offers too. And I'm like ah shit. He gasped me and he gasped me to a whole nother level to be honest. Nah, that's hard bro. Yeah that's definitely hard. Shout to Coach Conley man. For sure. Like you said man going crazy in Chicago. How'd you end up at Ohio State?


Shit, my dad's from Ohio. Okay. So every summer around like nine to 10 I would go visit him in Columbus. So I would go to like Ohio State sports camps and I go to like Clark Kellogg camp and he was like a big deal at the time for sure. Yeah. So in the summertime I kind of, when I first went there like I kind of knew like how big of a deal. Like people like mess with the Buckeye. So you fast forward like 16 years, like six years later we were playing at the King James tournament and I'm playing verse some white pigeon toe dude. And he's like this state he just scored 77 points. His name is John Diebler. Yep. So we're playing verse each other and I'm looking at stands, there's a bunch of like scouts and co coaches there.


So apparently tha motto's there. So you know when you young and they telling you like, hey you about to play with the best dude, whatever he da da da. So you know you go out, you like this white dude like man I'm finna put on for the hood. So buddy come out, he gimme like five straight threes. And then luckily, you know Like that John D had a burner. Yeah burner like volleyball. I had never seen somebody just like dribbling down the court and like pull out. He wasn't looking at the line, he was just pulling outta nowhere. Now I was like bro, this dude is different. And luckily I, I had played well that was like a Saturday. By that Thursday I was on Ohio State campus and shit I got offered, I went to NBA camp in June. I was like bro I gotta go somewhere that's, it was a dumb ass decision.


I should have just went to Wisconsin or Illinois. But I'm like, okay, Daquan Cook, Mike Conley, all them at All State. I gotta get ready and go there. Yeah. But it was just like number boys' paws was loaded. But at the same time, like you think about my trajectory if like Daquan Cook would've never left that first year know Yeah. I mean I might have been sitting for a year and a half, two years but I, I just thought when I was a kid that the, the thought of competition and being from Chicago, I thought like a top recruiting class was somewhere big I would be able to perform at And that shit just worked out For sure. The fire incoming class though. Yeah. Damn shit worked out. It definitely worked out. Yeah that was nice. What was 30 three's name? I hate, I forgot his Name there. No, no it's John Dbl.


23. Is David 23. Yeah. We had Will Bufort Will oh eight. Yeah. Yeah. Will ended up like the second time all leading scored. Yep. Er ended up breaking a conference three point record then Dave was like the all time winner or whatever. It Was cold and you was player of the Year. Yeah. And you know we fines And, We fines from Nick Slinger. Nick Slinger was the best to ever do it man. He was so cool. I didn't play with him but the next year he get really killed it. But you know, during that time I just felt like the Big 10 was something I was really familiar with and you know, just going close to home was a big deal and that was really it. But when I look back on that, a CC ball might have been more fun bro.


Where would you Win? It was definitely Fun. I was trying to go to NC State to be honest with you and then you Actually fit them. That's crazy. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I saw Julius Hodge. Yeah. And then they had, oh yeah they had to do Brandon Cossler. He was straight but Chris Wright had committed and Sineck had eventually ended up dipping. Yeah but Sidney Lowe. Yeah. And then I was either that or Weight Forest, which was, you know, coach Prosser and what's the Italian coach? Gadio? Yeah, Gadio. We were on there but we pulled up the weight forest and you know, our coach asked about like the black population and they was like, I think the guys score across the street, the what some say on state we did. We did. And and my coach was like, nah bro, you ain't supposed to leave campus all black people And.


we like okay. He's like, as a white man, I'm offended. I remember I no that's hard. I recruit maybe Hard. I remember what I committed to Wake Forest. He said that he was like, there ain't no black people on there. And he was like, y'all guys sit at the front of the classroom. I was like damn. I went to the Wake Forest, he had Legits sit at the front of the classroom. Damn bro. He said a tighten up. He, I used to go to one Saint State area the other day. So it was a lot of black people at Old State with you. That's a decent amount. I mean you, you could count on everybody being from Cleveland, you know what I mean? So they got, the old state is from Cleveland but, and there's Some niggas in Cleveland. Yeah. But it was a decent vibe. I I think college is cool for what it was.


I, I had learned a lot and you know about the, the real gig was just trying to get to the league. Yeah Bro. For sure. I mean to get off the subject, but you know what I'm saying, NIL money and shit going on. Especially how you played in college. Yeah. What you did. Yeah. You, you might've said that year for a little checky check. Yeah, I probably would've like flamed out way quicker. 'cause I, I wouldn't have been able to handle, you know, everything that came at me. You the crash out the crack on Johnny Manzel. Alright, Marcus, Jordan. What old girls saying he got game I can already read and write.


I don't really need school know I'm saying, I'm just joking. Hey, something wrong with you bro. Ain not, ain't not right. Oh shit. Obviously, you know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You go on draft night. How was that process for you? 'cause you know what I'm saying, you number two pick. Yeah, that was, it was a cool, you know, draft process when I hear everybody else's horror stories, you know. But like, I was blessed. It, it was cool. I, I did one workout and we, when the balls dropped pause we were, we knew that I would go to Philly 'cause John Wall was legit. So John Wall was a consensus and I just knew like when number two dropped it's like oh I guess I'll be a Philadelphian or whatever.


So luckily that was the case. And, we went and did a workout and you know, everything worked well until the first game and then, you know, life changed. What happened the first day, Bro? No, just like shit was real like shit. I Was like, I Was supposed to come in and be Brian. Right. Fucked shit. I had to go talk to my sponsors. So when people like, yo, I got partners like bro, I don't have like, I didn't have them by the second year. So Why Did you think you was co league and you was gonna be the man on Philly Because It was cold? You no, You, what's wrong? You wasn't saying clearly, but that was Iggy and them team.


Yeah. You got drafted to a tough team. No, I got, And to be honest with you, I'm just joking. I got drafted to a really good team in a really good situation. And when I thought a Philly, I was like, no I, I want to go to Golden State at number seven because I wanted to play with Steph. Like Paul's really, really bad. Yeah. And I just knew the fit and I knew Dre wasn't no slouch, but back in the day, people forget, we just started going into this team ball like before it was like a couple years before that like the Trailblazers didn't draft KD 'cause they didn't think B Roy and KD like had to be one alpha guard, one alpha big type situation. Yeah. So when it came down to it, like I really just showed up and it was like, it was, you know, it was Dre's team and you kind of got like really fit in, get in where you fit in.


So that development of what you saw John Wall get, I'm not saying I've been John Waller, even Wesley Johnson, he was in Minnesota cracking and you know, getting, getting crazy opportunity. But it was, it was a cool, you know, experience And that was probably one of my favorite teams.


Hey man listen, I know it just happened but I'm reminiscing of how we all slid to Vegas for the fight. What was crazy is, you know what I'm saying, we, we had a little bit of an issue figured out. We was gonna lay our head. You know what I'm saying? We had equipment. I think the best decision we did man was deciding to actually look into an Airbnb. The guest favorites made that whole worry situation. 'cause y'all was sweating. Y'all thought we was about to go back to the crib. We wasn't about to have no Vegas weekend, but Airbnb came in, clutch got us in a nice comfortable spot. How you like it man. You know what I'm saying? Normally y'all know you be, I know you be staying at some good places. You a harsh critic. It was perfect man. It was a really good time. Our stay was perfect man. Perfect. And how you feel about the trip man? Love Airbnb man. Shout out to y'all. What's your favorite part about the be experience man? Was it being a B? Know what I'm saying? The comfortability, The air conditioning. It is hot man. Shout out to the amenities. Look, if you looking for a wonderful place to stay, Airbnb is the first place to look.


This is Jeff T from the Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay the real, find the one again and again the latest sneakers drop. You can't stop thinking about one of a kind streak where you're dying to wear in fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet On eBay, you'll feature your eyes on the full meal of hard to find fines, start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make a designer collab your main course. The cherry on top. A timeless watch or iconic rear handbag and the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah. eBay is the place for new pre love ventures in rare fashion. eBay things people love.


Have you made the switch to Nicks? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nicks, that's KNIX period. Panties from Nicks are like no other making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection from your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear but feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's knicks.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KI x.com.


Oh that's such a clutch off season pickup Dave. I know, right? I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. Oh no, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room And a minimal salary cap. Hit blinds.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No, it was easy even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You Fly across the country to do the install. Nope. blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look at you Hall of Fame son. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Ho Ho blinds.com is the goat. The Goat. Go to blinds.com for up to 50% offsite wide and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Go right now for up to 50% offsite wide@blinds.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Who grabbed like nah, grabbed you. That's crazy. But yeah, right. What? What vet really took you under their wings though and gave you the game Right away? Yeah, right away. Right away. Lou Williams. Shout out to Lou. Shout out to Lou. Yeah, the athe just, I took a liking to me because I just thought he was like, bro, what's to this man? You know? But I remember like the first, one of the first couple days he picked me up and we went to the gun range and they just took me around the city and you know, that's the first real time I I ever got drunk was with Lou Williams and Damn Lou. Yeah. Not real vent. No, but it, but it was, it was some real stuff. So I, I was chopping it up, I, I was going through like some rough rookie stuff and I'm talking about like I'm in the dump so we lose in Philly, you know Doug Collins is, you know, he is definitely, you know, being tough on me in a sense.


We losing Philly, we land in Detroit so he's like meet me in the lobby in 20 minutes is not an option. So I meet him in the lobby, we go next door at a bar and he's just like, he got like eight shots lined up type shit and he's like, he's just starting talking. He's like, look bro, this game of basketball's supposed to be fun. It shouldn't be up and down. Like if you bring this shit home with you, you gonna be mad every single goddamn day. He's like, you ain't had fun since you've been here. He's like, just let that shit go be who you going to be but like you can't bring this shit home with you. Like you going to literally let your head explode. And he's like, that's it. Just go out there. Try hoop and finess from there but like you can really hoop.


And I was like, all right bet. And he is like, okay now make sure you finish these shots. So like, so I had so that like I took like two or three shots like off the bat. But I remember like Lou was somebody I could always like rely on or relate to because he had went through everything as a player. Like when I would tripping practice and be like, man you got me, you got me running your plays but I ain't running em in the game. He'd be like motherfucker, like when I was your age they would take me outta practice and a coach would practice. You understand what I'm saying? So like, so when it came down to it, it's like I got real game from him. Elden brand was super cool. EB and then obviously Iguala, we had butted his to start. But eventually towards the end of my first year we became like brothers like by the fourth year, you know we didn't even play on the same team but I was the best man in his wedding.


And then you know, when he had his daughter, you know he named her Evan and it was like I, I felt as though like when we got to that level of like friendship and like connecting, I just felt like we had like a relationship that was just bigger than basketball. Yeah. And that was what I really took from those vets because even my ups and down times, I could always count on them and depending on them even if I felt like I didn't have a friend. All right. So after them shots of e and j, what did you The ing jerk? Yeah. Shit. Now what? Wait, what was them shots though? It was Henny. It Was Henny Shout to It was Patron. It was patron. Nah it Was Henny. That was was it Was Henny.


Nah, only lighting but that was Innocent though. That's what I'm saying. And I had a shot of cranberry and that was it. So when did you start getting comfortable in the league though? What? I think it's different levels of comfort. Not even so much playing but so much is just like saying forget it and cept in my role, you know, I think one thing that occurred was I came in super early. You speak when you listen to your ages and stuff, you're trying to carry a brand. So yeah I, I could have been like a prima donna type shit and I was, but I think one thing when I started getting comfortable is just really buying into like the team atmosphere and really accepting my role and not really worried about like what people think and just trying to go from worry about being great to just getting good each day but also just swimming. You know when you get selected high, like you look at Anthony Bennett, they cut, you know Anthony Bennett could still be good but like they under come him quick and like bro you sat like you need to get like two thorough years.


He was done within like 20 games type shit. Yeah I was just on some like sink or swim and like try to figure out how to be the best player I could. And that's one thing that they don't speak about a lot is like when you come in the league, especially when you have expectations is there's no time for you to fuck up at all. You, you have to be blessed to be in a good organization or to have good vets if you don't have either one of them or if you don't have both, shit can get real spooky. And then like you said, you bring work home with you, you all in your head trying to play basketball, you forget how good you are with that shit And playing in Philly bro That told y'all the worst fans ever. Yeah And playing in Philly is definitely different. So I felt as though like being in Philly for that little bit of time really kind of not saying like made us sick on a sense of how I like view the game of basketball.


I was just like, you know kinda like fuck it, I'm gonna have fun with it. But once I left fifth Philly there was nothing ever that serious that was like that bad or tough because all that pressure there was od I was supposed to be the number two pick and do whatever. I went complete opposite and had to like continue to swim. You know what I'm saying? After my fourth year in the league, my dudes were signing for 30 something million and I'm in all for 250,000. You know what I mean? Like when dudes are signing like I'm trying to, it was damn near like September. I damn didn't have a place to go. Damn. I'm 25 years old. Like people are hitting the streets asking me you staying in league or going overseas? Mm. It's like when you sitting down you're like damn. Just four years ago I had shit popping.


Yeah. You know what I mean? So like I just felt like I had to really, you know, lock in, buckle in but like almost on like some shit entourage shit when it came to Vinny Chase like bro I'm not getting, I'm not getting lead roles no more. You know what I'm saying? And that was just like the real thing. Where was you off to next? Portland? Nah, I ended up going to Boston. Boston, Boston. That's when, nah, that's when you turned tot. Yeah. That's the et Yeah that's when the bad came. ETIT. Everybody came, come motherfucker came together. We had, we definitely had two years in Boston was definitely fun and you know had obviously reignited a feeling for me and enjoyed playing basketball and also had a, had a great foundation for a landing point when I was done.


I still go to Boston, you know you get get mad love and at the same time have opportunities to still, you know, extend my position, the game of basketball just to help. For sure man we got, I mean we gonna fast work too far. We gotta talk about y'all linking up in Boston man. Man, it's, to be honest with you bro G like I thought it was cool. I knew Jeff was cool but I used to always be be like Bro if you're this funny why do you not show That And like Have like literally show people that like I thought he was the funniest dude on earth and I thought he was nice. And the funniest thing about Boston I was waiting around to it was either I was gonna retire or I was waiting for Boston.


Like I didn't have no chances and Brad was kind of like maybe I'll throw you a bone. So like when it came down between me and Jeff, I'm talking like P Allen's like man it's between you and Jeff. I'm like, well y'all should just take Jeff 'cause I'm not better than Jeff. Like if y'all trying to win a championship, I'm like bro that's just, that's OD. So then we show up and like they take Jeff and like I'm just like, all right I guess I'll go into coaching. Pretty much Jeff was just like, we ended up being like Signed one of the guys, the back, the bitch I look Over and Jeff like have his shoe laces on. We just Be talking, what was that nigga number out there? 55.


Jake Will At one point I'm like bro, I'm like bro this is how you know it's different because I'm like bro, everywhere you go like you would be able to keep your initials. So Your name Jeff t you Know me. So when we go on the board I'm looking at Brad and Brad like JB kw, Ms. Jet, jt. I'm like what the fuck is Jet? Like I'm like who Is Jet J? And he is like Jeff t I'm like my nigga you can't, He's older than Jason T he can't, he can't get his, you remember the nah, I don't remember it. And I'm like that's it's, you know what's fucked up about it. He wrote the Play. He was like JT said somebody else.


So I'm thinking I got the ball. I'm like all right. So I was like hold on, hold on. When I, when he go here I go here. He's like no, no no, no you here Jet said What the fuck Kimba rolling Kemba in tears And I'm in the back g I'm like bro know they ain't just Call you Jack Kemba is crying. Kemba called me Jet the rest of the fucking year bro. My Being ain of the Kenny Smith is crazy bro. Old DI said my knees was like Kenny that they talked to. Hey that's shit. Thank God you ain't walking like that man Lord please Nah. But that that time in Boston. I mean I don't know how Jet felt Hell Like a what the hell are we doing moment 'cause it was Covid.


Yep. And then like I'm trying to tell dudes that were better than me how to play basketball. That's when I knew coaching was full of shit because I was like Bro I'm like the audacity of you nigga try to tell them what to do. I like bro this man's A problem in that. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's funniest shit bro. They had me be Jason Tatum position because I'm like Bro he's not listening. What the shit I say like, you know what I mean? I'm like bro I'm not finna tell him nothing like Go Work went on with this. Like no he is perfectly fine. But we were able to, we got, we, we made bonds with playing one one bro. For sure. Yeah For sure. We got a, we got a classic group chat man.


Midwest caught the Midwest group chat. Man we all became really cool experience in Boston bro. It's funny as hell. What did you, I wanted to always ask because even in that experience in Boston, I still thought you had like two or three more years to play. Like what did you did Boston kind of stop. We saw each other in Atlanta and I told you before like I was kinda like bro that's almost over for me. Yeah. You know what I mean? You told me not you shouldn't be here. I said you shouldn't be here. You said you shouldn't be in Atlanta. They gonna give you 11.2 minutes per Game. You told me that. And they, I didn't sign. They offered me a year, another year after that. But I didn't sign. I should have had signed it. I don't know what I was thinking but I hated it so much 'cause I was like damn I love Atlanta but I you, they told me I had a cap like you can only play 19 minutes, you know what I mean?


And it was just like damn, I was just averaging 14 off the bench in Minnesota. Yeah, well I come here, all I can get is 19 minutes bro. I was damn near be in a running for six man. 14 and 22 minutes or something. Yeah I was hooping damn. I was like nah. And I thought Covid happened. I should have went to the Knicks. Yeah Tib called Me Tibs like come on to the Knicks, you gonna probably start. But then Brad called me, he was like, Kim's out, you gonna start, Kim's going, Kim's out for you. Remember Kimba was hurt and Then you woke up. He was like, you gonna start Kim's out? And I'm like damn the the Celtics called like I was like the Knicks, I don't know too much about the Knicks, they ain't got nobody.


So I was, I'm gonna go to Boston. I was like it's gonna really get me back. And I got there. He was like we're gonna start Marcus at the point I said what the fuck? He's like, you gonna be the six man though? You gonna be the six Man. I'm be like in the first game I hooped I had like two years you missed three layoffs but you had 19 ounce. I'm like man this I couldn't even the Lay saved my life. I'm in a bench like bro, nigga just can't get right 19 but like he on breakaways lay Lay up to save my, it got to the point I didn't miss a three the whole preseason No time out G you was missing so many layups. We had played three on three. Yeah. And when you have made a layup, one of 'em shorties was like, he usually miss those.


They crazy. He missed those. He with us like little kids Jeff, he with us. I was so scared to shoot a layup at that time I would rather shoot a three. I was making so many threes. I was like fuck that. I ain't running to fast breaks. I was running to the corner. Damn. I was scared to shoot a layup. Damn. I don't know why. But then I had a game at the end where like we started playing again. My, my layups came back but I couldn't shoot no more. My three was broke as hell. But Still that was Did you ever tell man you had said a song that this one I liked Jeff a lot Paul 'cause he was, his opinion was super different and like to somebody they might be saying some off the wall stuff. I'm like yeah, that's my man.


And I remember we were in a gym and you were like bro that's an unpopular opinion but I think James Harden is a better shooting guard than Kobe Bryant. Listen, Don't say that Brent. All you, I've been Waiting to say this bro. So we gonna talk About this like this is finna go viral Bro. Hold on Kobe, why did you think that? 'cause bro, I be getting killed for so long. The Kobe fans, the bro one dude nigga, I can't. We Kobe roll already. Oh seriously man. We on the Kobe right now. Got So he, he, he said the KD was better than Kobe's last episode. They his, he Ly you can call me, they go ask you.


I'm, That's my, that's my dog at that time. We talk about that. We about that off camera. I I did not say that. I'm tripping. I be, I be lying too. So I ain't, he ain't say none of that shit. I ain't going there that Kobe road bro. But You had great, the dude that said it had great Arguments That day was like Tim, I said That and then I say that, I mean I, I'm not Say that nevermind you. I Can't, it was a good, it was a, that was Jet. It was, it was Jalen and Aga was battling, me and him were just having a conversation at ET and Jason was there. It was a, I think you said it and then yeah, Jason and Jay, they, they Went Crazy.


They went nuts. Yeah they definitely went nuts. But I, to be honest with you, you kind of persuaded me a bit. Yeah, No don't, don't beat. I'm telling you. So SL your shit Ashley, that's the first time we fought. Yeah, we, yeah you was at me on that one And then we, and then I just remember we would be in the back of the bench. We always have these crazy debates. So I, I was the first person that really told him how cold Luca was. That's a fact I give you that. So like when we sitting behind the bench, like Luca kind of going through like his first half like thing. He like bro I don't know G this man kind of like This is a fire ass story By the way. Yeah. He like man this man kind of like lazy. Like he just not doing nothing for me. He whining.


I'm like bro that's like he don't run off the court. I'm like bro look at him. He a man. I'm like look at him. He not worried about no regular season game facts. So then we keep going said bro are you sure he good? I said bro, he going to turn it on. He's really him. So like what were we, we are up like 10 or 12. He Is in Dallas so we in Dallas. He like, bro JB and JT getting rid of this man. I said bro, I'm telling you like it might not look good now but in Clutch if it get close we not gonna win. He said, I said bro, I said, I'm just saying the game get close, we not gonna win. So like the game start creeping down. So the more and more he like, He at me. I'm like, and I'm like Hey mind you he's a coach, I'm a player.


And they weren't listening. That's how crazy this that season was. I'm sitting in the crowd with him like shit, I'm not on shit like down with the players. Yeah it's Covid. So I'm sitting by him. We up there just kicking Hey There, kicking the shit bro. Like everything. So I'm sitting there, I said bro, if it get close G like we not going win. Like I'm telling you he's like that bro. Like he's just like that. Like he's just it so it get closer. They call a timeout and like I think they down like two. Yeah. So like Jeff like get up like bro I like ain't no way. I'm like bro, I'm telling you. And he like, he did did I call out, Shoot, do that, that step back and he gonna hit the game Winner.


And literally bro. And then like while we watching it, Jeff watch, I'm back there like dick eating like watch, watch, watch, watch it like that. And literally he learned about Luca, Dante, he Hit the shot. I looked at him. He's, I told you we we worked for the Celtics. I told you. I told you like damn I motherfucker calling. We celebrate the shit. Then I looked, I said oh shit. I was like JT, that some bullshit man. I'm like man we gonna be up. I quit after this year anyway. We kind of knew. I'm like man, like just be worried about him. But I thought that was a a dope day because at the end that was the first time anybody ever listened. Yeah, I swear April what's over?


I was like damn he's cold. What made it so funny? JT that's the shout I got. We go, that's why I love ET we go and he was like, Luca better than me. ET t was like damn near. I was like, what? I was like nah hell no. I'm going with jt. He was like bro he my favorite player. I said, yo het crazy bro. My Favorite player, my daughter met Luca. She did Bro. I said bro, this dude That's my favorite player. I'm like man, like ar you got to meet Luca. She was like, Now that you go to store you like I saw Uncle Jason on back.


Shit. Somebody ask. Yeah that's him. But you gotta meet Luca. Remember that day with the that You gotta meet Luca. But funny shit like Jason, that's one of my favorite players Facts bro. I gotta ask how it feel to see them. Know what I'm saying? Be victorious. Y'all know what I'm saying? Y'all saw them early on, put in the hard work for them to win and y'all to know them for real, for real. How did that feel to see them cross the line? Man, I thought it was, I thought it was dope man. Dope. You know with Tatum bro, he's such a good dude. Yep. So when you sit there like, like when you talk to him, me, listen, when I was young bro, I wasn't listening to shit. For real. So like when you talk to him, he really take advice like bro you a good kid. You know what I'm saying? Like when, when, when, when he taps back in and like you know you talk to him like you really want people like that to win.


You know what I'm saying? Even when you sit there and you, you build brotherhood like Jet my fault, Jeff won a champion. Jeff won a championship and he FaceTimed us from the locker room. Yeah. So when you sit down it's like even when you look at Club five 20 and everything like bro I'd be turned up for y'all. 'cause he'd be like bro it is dope to see, you know, good people winning. Wow. Appreciate How we feel about you. That's why our group chat when we be talking I be just having a ball bro. I be telling him some of the stuff we talk about, just not everything but some of the stuff that we be like laughing and joking about. But like jt like you said, see him win and know how much he like how bad he wanted to win. We was like, yeah but me and et be like, hey man, what he doing man? Like we was watching the finals. Hey man, he better stop playing because you know me, I'm betting Or something.


Yeah. I'm like JT for real man. Is he gonna make man, he need to break some free throws Man. Oh you know how serious when we FaceTime, you know it's serious bro. You see this when they gave my man trophy away, I'm like how he feel? How FaceTime? Like how we feel you going out there like what you think? Like we literally he saying he He not mvp. Yeah. What we doing man? I was, I called. That's in my fault view with your wife. I called man late but like you, you see this right? I was say, I'm like man this nigga got, I gotta talk to somebody. He said He not MVP what were you doing? I said, I don't know. I said Jaylen played good. I'm not hearing that. I said so, so what?


So what that mean for our legacy? This is our Yeah. No damn here though. Nah, because when you think about that run, which is crazy, we talked about like you look at Jordan 92, he had that crazy run of a championship. Yep. And VP who the ba like maybe Brian did it once or Yeah, whatever. But like when you thought about it, how many times is it perfectly set up for somebody to win a championship gold medal go to Olympics and when it's coming to the changing of like the titan. Yeah it Was, it was really set in pry. Even if you think about like the sports center, like Sports Illustrated like article. Yeah. Or like shit, he dropped his Jordan three during the Olympics. Yeah. You know what I mean?


And like shit, it just seemed like that's Why I was so mad about the Olympics. Yeah. Because it was like supposed to be a changing of the guard. Yeah. And I just felt like it was supposed to be him 'cause it was all set up. Even though it might be ae, I don't know who it was really, but Yeah. But It never but like this what made me so like mad that never happened to anybody else ever. Bro. You understand what I'm saying? I don't give a damn what you talking about. Like if I'm the star player, I know humility, but like Derrick White drew, y'all better say y'all ain't playing until I get into this motherfucker because it's something really, the world ain't right. Nah, that's a fact. The world Already fucked up. Yeah bro. It's like they tried to dim his light on purpose and they're just like, oh well he's taking in stride. He's such a good player. Nah, he should have crashed out. Yeah Bro.


That's the first time I felt like, like they went crazy on the light skin. GI felt like it was targeted bro. If you think about it, I felt like there was something deeper ball and just like rotation. How you say I can't hoop? Yeah, like gimme 11 minutes. Yeah, He was supposed to be in the rotation. But like bro said, Jeff made a great point. Like maybe he come back like, Ah, he gonna come back, you know what I mean? He on that full Start with Steve, Steve, Steve. Shit, he quit before they fired him. They said it was his, this was his last, Oh he knew. We decided it last summer. I was mad when he showed up to the Olympics. Like, nigga, I saw what you did last summer with this team, you outta pocket. They was like, you gotta go bro. We need JT for Yeah.


Yeah, he knew. Yeah, gray Hill on his way out too. He keep trolling. They, they holler that Gray Hill too. Yeah, Because the fact shot man, y'all know this nigga man. Halliburton, y'all. Oh, dj. Yeah, dj Like the fact, like for instance, they didn't have like Dame on team USA shout out to Halliburton, but like they didn't have Kyrie like, come on my g like two little cold dudes and then let the killers be the like, I don't know g like that was crazy bro. Hey, when he said we might consider Jalen Brown for 2028, I said, oh, he's outta pocket. He od out of pocket. That's Disrespectful.


He is trouble. Yeah, he's definitely true. And then Its like 31, like by the time they get that age he gonna be super rich. Like bro, I'm gonna start my own country Bro. How about that? I told you hop up me new country hopping up, I playing, I'm playing for Sudan, nigga 28 Reversible. How? Holler at me bro. Holler at me bro. Yeah, holler at me. Lou. Who was the best player you ever played with? Mm. Shit Bro. It's a, it's so different. I, I think pound for pound damn name was cold, but Isaiah Thomas because when you break it down, bro, niggas you would be like in practice and you see Brad talking to him and he'd be looking up and he'd be like, bro, this is our best player for this.


Like, you know what I mean? Like he's the shortest dude in the huddle. He like five, eight, this the lead dog. But like literally, bro, every the stuff I saw him do night and night out, like how talented he was. But one thing that occurred that I think that I always say like, like that little fucker always worked. Like I'm talking about like work, work, work. Like show up at the gym, seven, eight, like even now, like still working. And I always thought like how you hoop but like the fire in his eyes or something. Like I had never really seen, I, I thought PG was pretty cold to be like a, like when we were young, like he was like, he's still cold. Don't get it twisted. But the stuff he did with indie when I played with him for a couple months, pause. Yeah, he was 22 years old driving 40 in the old school playoffs, bro.


Yeah. Yeah. His dad like old like, like while they sports were still a hundred type shit. Yeah. And then shit man, drew Holiday was cold. Cold Drew Holiday was like, to be honest with you because everybody just mentioned like head to head Drew did they like, I think Drew was probably like the best I ever played with hands down. Yeah man. You talk, you talk about your cup of coffee with the Pacers man. What, what happened? What, what, what was that team like? I killed them. You was coach. Yeah, you was coach. You wanna know what happened? This is what people be forgetting too. I, I don't know. I just got there late so like nigga was wilding.


But I think one thing that happened, you gotta understand too like and Jeff correct me if I'm wrong, before all star dudes go super hard pause once all stars over and dudes kind of get they accolades, they kind of turn off a bit. So like when we were sitting there, we were already kind of taking Ls, we were taking adjustments. But then I think what came down to is like with team and competitiveness, I said when I you, you bring me in, like of course ears are gonna perk up. Like you got two dudes trying to sign contracts. Lance Stevenson was side of me. You had Paul George, George Hill. Like arguably you could sit there and be like, George will be like damn he might take my spot.


Your answer might be like, he might take my spot and such and such. And, we out the band, I come in, you know my personality like yeah. Talking shit ornery like, you know what I mean? Like joking, like poking a bear. Like I just, you know what I'm saying? Just know what's, you know, know what's going on. But having fun with it. And I think aside from that, I think the chemistry is one thing but like bro, we weren't good enough to beat the heat nigga. Like when people were asking that dumb ass question And, we cut rotations. So like y'all got shout out Roy HiPer 'cause I think he was unbelievable in ge in George Hill too. Dope dudes. Roy was averaging six and six bro and shout out to like Frank Vogel 'cause I wasn't mad.


I'm like yo, roll with your killers. But like he's killing us like church shit. But like, and this is not Roy Hibbert like slander. 'cause Roy Hibbert don't get enough credit for what he's done. He's defensive Ability special. Yeah bro. Verticality bro. Bro, he's a real Allstar bro. He, so when you trying to clown him, it's like he wasn't like nothing. You know George Hill, I think he had some like when we were playing our main go-to guys, I don't think we had enough firepower. And, we cut the rotation down to seventh. You like, come on bro. You had me like yeah me on the bench. Like not me now like in 2014 y'all I was all so like He was nice. No, I, nah. CJ Watson, like you had Louis Ko that was still like brother Ramon.


Yeah, he was. Yeah. Yeah, he was cutting like rotations. I just think you not taking out Brian and all them without, you know, having a new scheme. But bro, we weren't being the heaters bro. And I, and I just, I thought that was like a great starting five. But everybody has to perform and play at a high level. And we only had like three people playing at a high level and you can't And their three was who? Yeah. Yeah. And then when you break it down, like after that, you know, me and Lance, y'all probably, we had talked about this. Me and Lance got into it and what was so funny with that was me and Lance hung out every day. We sat next to each other on Yeah, we, we sat, We sat next to each other on the plane.


Like me and him would go out together, like together. And I remember we were going through like a walkthrough and just like young dudes, you can instigate some shit Andrew by is sitting on the sideline. So Andrew by was a payoff? Yes. Yes. Andrew sitting on the sideline and I guess we like going through walkthroughs so me and Lance were kind of like playing around and like, I think something happened where he was trying to go for real and like I think I might have stopped him and like, I think Coach yelled, there's something weird. It was like a weird moment. So then like Andrew's like, ooh, he stopped that like, and Lance like man, come on bro.


This nigga ain't got the type of heart I got. Mm. Like, like little but Lance, if you know his personality, that's how, just how you talk. Yeah. So New York shit And like, you know, I didn't really kind of take you like od 'cause like at the same time it's like, come on bro, this nigga's bugging, this is lamb. You know what I mean? Like he bugging. So like we go through it again and I think I did the same thing again. Kinda like slapped it stopped or whatever. And we kind of like little tussling a little bit and I think I kind of like slapped something again. So when I turned around he's like, don't do that shit no more. So like when he put his finger in my face, swipe, swipe, we grab each other's throat, scratch me. I got like dup or scratch, not like little scratch like dup or scratch.


I remember that. Yeah. So then we get off the court and then it got broken up or whatever and then shit that was it. That literally was like the whole moment of the playoffs and was used as though, like that's what ruined us. It was like, nah, we was as prior and Lance was like really? Like that was my man. Like you know as little kids when you are younger when you fight over a box of cereal. Yeah. Like off the principality of it. And I thought that was pretty much it. And just like a little bit of shout out to Indiana but like a fan base that wasn't realistic. Like Lord Jesus Delusion. Am I wrong for saying that? Hell no, I'm wrong. Is that the answer? I was Mad at the face right at that time. 'cause Larry kept drafting white people. So I really, I I didn't really care when we needed, we needed to retool.


He got plumy. I was like, all right, I I'm cool these niggas right now, How we but as like local fans, how, how hard pause, how hard did we jack that considering? 'cause y'all probably really thought we had a chance to win. Y'all Was supposed to lose to us. I Kind say I wasn't, I We was up game. We y'all was in Atlanta game six down three, two. Oh you are right bro. Who got hot that game For David West hitting shit off the backboard all type Of shit. Yeah, but the one big foreign dude that was basic. Oh, Perro. Yeah. He's, That's the reason he come, he Like Serbian version of Ivan Johnson. Yeah man. He served Ivan Johnson. That's why Perro couldn't play. I mean he couldn't play no more. We put per out there.


He was shooting on him three, Shooting it and shooting. But what'd y'all think? Y'all thought we was gonna win the chip that year? No. What did y'all think? I didn't keep it real with y'all. Like man old bitch ass and came out here and fucked up the team. Like, because literally that's all I ever heard after that. I'm like bro, I literally shot four times a game in average seven. What made It so funny? It was being around and knowing some of the team. No, you weren't the problem. There was problems Before you fucking, and I knew that but I, but like but They just blamed you because they traded Danny. That's, that's, that's the only thing you just got Slack. 'cause they tried to Danny and Danny and Danny Average like six. I average seven. You wanna know what made me so mad? I shot 50% from the three with the Pacers. I ain't never done that day in my life. So like, so when I'm sitting here I'm Like, you know what I, that's the only thing I'm making.


I'm shooting 50% they guys. So after that I never shot a three again. And you Was just a bad fit. EI was a bad fit but like that time it hit me with a doozy. Like I said, I was supposed to have an $8.7 million sign in bonus. Damn. My dumb ass trying to be pride for like, man fuck this team, y'all keep the playoff money. So I gave up a quarter million. Woo man, hey find me a new team. Like alright, fight a qualifying bonus And Was Marcus Jordan Bought a Ferrari that same week like, you know Was wild. Somebody dumb Hasn't bought it for right? Like I guess I didn't comprehend how serious it was and like obviously That's, Yeah so then that free agency comes out and like July 1st, like my phone ain't ring And.


we get all the way to like, like shit like August and Mitch Cup check called me and he is like, what do you do? And I'm like, oh I guess I dribble, I attack, I shoot like What the fuck bitch? He's like, You know, that's what Kobe do. So I'm kind of like What Kobe do, like bro don't Call me and ask me what I best Phrase. And I'm like, with all due respect, Mitch, like I'm not saying I'm the best, but like y'all done lost y'all like Owen forever, the past three years and I average like 25 like to offer me a quarter. I get it off the block and like shit. Like, honestly, honestly I was ne I'm never like that so don't get But at the same time or call Amelia, I'm like bro, I might as well get off the block.


Like Seriously. Like might as well throw my life away and get it off the block. And that's not being like I, that's ignorantly speaking but that's how I thought at the time. And luckily shout out to Brad Stevens, He was like, bro, I can't let people do you like that? I don't know what change you found, but he gave me a little bit of money and helped me. It helped me and like, no joke helped me get my career back. 'cause even when I left that situation with the Pacers, you gotta think I went from like the Sixers of like, I was supposed to be like a megastar and then I wasn't. And then shit just hit the ground and you know, you go to a real point where Jeff, you relate. Are you going overseas or are you going to play and stay in fight? So that was, that was real ass shit.


Like we laugh about it but you know, I, I joke about it but it, it was some real stuff and you know, obviously it didn't stay dark forever.


Hey man listen I know it just happened but I'm reminiscing of how we all slid to Vegas for the fight. What was crazy is, you know what I'm saying, we, we had a little bit of an issue figured out we was gonna lay our head. You know what I'm saying? We had equipment. I think the best decision we did man was deciding to actually look into an Airbnb. The guest favorites made that whole worry situation. 'cause y'all was sweating. Y'all thought we was about to go back to the crib. We wasn't about to have no Vegas weekend, but Airbnb came in, clutch got us in a nice comfortable spot. How you like it man. You know what I'm saying? Normally I know you be, I know you be staying at some good places. You a harsh critic. It was perfect man. It was a really good time. Our stay was perfect man. Perfect. And how you feel about the trip man? Love Airbnb man. Shout out to y'all. What's your favorite part about the big experience man? What's it being able, you know what I'm saying? The comfortability air Condition. It is hot man. Shout out to the amenities. Look, if you're looking for a wonderful place to stay, Airbnb is the first place to look.


This is Jeff t from the Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, they'll find the one again and again the latest sneak drop. You can't stop thinking about one of a kind streak where you're dying to wear in fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet On eBay, you'll feature your eyes on the full meal of hard to find fines, start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make the designer collab your main course. The cherry on top. A timeless watch or iconic rear handbag and the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures in rare fashion. eBay things people love.


Have you made the switch to Nicks? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX period. Panties from Nicks are like no other making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection from your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear but feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl choose from all kinds of colors, prints and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to highrise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15, that's nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KI x.com.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. eBay motors is here for the ride. You know what I remember about my first car is at the moment I got it. I wanted to improve it because like most 16-year-old kids, you don't exactly get a luxury automobile. So you look at it, you go well I need to add some speakers. I need to tin out the windows. I need to make this thing the coolest car possible so I can cruise around town with all my buddies waving at the babes and enjoy myself. So my favorite part of car culture when I was young was definitely the subwoofers in the back of the car And we built the boxes from scratch, had multiple 12 inch subs and you could hear me coming from a long, long way away. With over 122 million parts. You can make sure your number one ride or die stays running smoothly. Brake kits, LED, headlights, roof racks, bumpers, whatever your baby needs. eBay motors has it And with eBay guaranteed fit. It's guaranteed to fit your ride the first time every time or your money back. Plus at these prices you're burning rubber, not cash. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com Eligible items only exclusions apply.


Play John the playoffs. When you was in Boston y'all have squad but y'all talked the most shit I said they put Jay Crowder all these motherfuckers on the same team. Oh my And we talk the most shit we is all mid except for one dude. So like bro it like one person get hot like every five. Yeah it average 30. I eat my little 10 and then every blue moon when I go get 17 and you going to hear about it Jeff or Jimmy like 20 every game I had 17. Yeah. Little niggas bad Avery bro. They had Avery Bradley talk he never even talked. Yeah but like that was like that was And if you think about it, that's like the real first time.


He'll tell you I really jumped out my shell for real. 'cause like around that time I was kind of like, I was still on the porch in regards to like marketing wise like Brandon. So like you know that was the real time. I was like man I'm just gonna be who my be forget like trying to be perfect. It's like that shit ain't worked and legit shit. We, I really jumped off the porch and, and Sundays man, Sundays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays before or after that flows a hobby, you know but like not jump off the porch on weird stuff but it's like that comradery and that team shit. It was like bro I realized it took more and not saying like party or but it took more to really like build relationships. Yeah.


And what really makes a great team and atmosphere like shit we were, we were seventh in the east bro. But you couldn't tell us like Tom Brady is walking the city And, we swore we had the streets on watch. Let's be like when you go to clubs I'd be on like I would be on a microphone shouting out niggas that was getting 10 minutes of gas. My nigga Jordan jumps credit bro. We had it cracking. Y'all did And, we won every game. Y'all ain't wanna play. So Thanksgiving the night before Thanksgiving All Stars, second nights a back to bat.


Yeah like that's the only reason why we got the 45 wins. We was like a 20 win talent. We just tried and they bro they Used to hoop though. I ain't gonna lie. I did. You know it's like damn these niggas is good bro. It was so different bro. Different bro. Well you think he was about like where do you rank him? Where do you rank? Like At that time he was the toughest cover for me. Like With Brad Stevens offense bro played Buck bro. He was the toughest bro. Everything ran through him. Yeah but he didn't had a ball the whole time. Yeah like y'all used to run that little four, what were y'all called it? Four Snapp I think. Yeah. And Kelly Olen had to be the shit fight come on And you bro Kelly Olen was throwing that motherfucking shit ball But I'm like yo this shit is wild.


He was nice et I mean it was cold bro. I ain't gonna lie. He was a tough cover and he got fouled so much. Hell yeah. Yeah. Like he went To the line like a motherfucker. Was he What about with D rows? She Oh no. D rows all like I'm talking about that Tom. It was a tough cover. All time is D rows bro. Seriously, nothing you could do bro. You could bag all the way up in the paint. You could sit on the dots bro. He will run at you. Just jump over you. You like what the fuck? So Then if you get close he run right by you, you get medium, he cross you get, I'm like bro I can't guard this fool man. That's why I tell you every highlight if you go look, he run that MVP here. Oh yeah.


Probably on 50% of them bro. Hella different color jerseys than that motherfucker. No cap Yo. What, what was it like, what was it like playing with Joe Johnson? Gee false Cold man. He probably, I tell everybody, he probably the most skilled player I played with. 'cause his handle, he could shoot floater post up. He ain't really had no li like no L in his game. He could play defense. Only thing he couldn't do, he wasn't that athletic but he could score with the best of him. He was really liked it. And what was y'all favorite era of Teague? Like Overall I don't get this nigga started Start.


Nah, because it's dope to hear now like as friends that went on a journey with him like growing up it's like shit y'all met at like how how long y'all known each other? I've been Known this nigga since high school. Yeah, yeah. High school. That's what I'm saying when you think About it, Like we really Honestly, well this nigga probably went right before he made the Allstar and threw on like right that year before. That's when I really started going to the A heavily Yeah he was, he was a different player for sure to me. To me for Sure. I'll probably say them first two years in Minnesota for sure. So then First Minnesota was up. So then when did y'all start hearing the streets of Indie and going back to the locals and being like, yo, my nigga, my nigga Jeff better than Mike Conley. Because I know that was a, because that, because that had to be like y'all, did y'all ever go back be like yo, so Wouldn't really like, Nah let's talk about it or No it was really EJ or nothing like even as good as Michael was EJ was God he was even, even after their Headache and what he did to Derrick Rose filthy in high school was crazy.


Phil, he Did the Jordan kids bro. That's why Marcus is on there bro. Nah, Ejs the origin story for That bro. Nah, he bogus. They bogus because he wasn't supposed to be up in there and they knew that that was our like that was our like bro Loyola was like the 19th best team on Earth G and they got an ESP N game bro. But that was just, I would, it was y'all would've been cool but he already played ranked players. Yeah, like the Jordan coming to the building. They was Eric Gordon. It was bigger than what you thinking bro. You think so? It was, It was a whole Production bro. Never seen on tv. They had the Air Gordon. He didn't. No, he put on but like bro He 50 bro. 18. You wasn't, it wasn't Tom it it was bigger than All got mad at that.


I actually like that. That was some real talk. I appreciate that shit. It was bigger than rap. Nah, for sure that was bigger. 'cause we knew Jordan's kids was cool but I forgot his name. The other Jordan, not the fried one. The oldest one. He had a offer from Illinois. Yeah, Jeff Jordan. Jeff my guy. They was, but they was both Illinois kids at the time. Yeah. So that was a, a duo match. I do remember that. So what's so funny is, and I'll get up hour before that, Eric Gordon was the, he was committed to Illinois. So during that time I was supposed to commit and D Rose was supposed to commit. Yep. Yeah. So I remember sitting there and being like, all right bro, we might have pause, have a three headed monster but D Rose wanna commit.


And I'm telling them like, yo, I'll wait until Derrick commits. But it just never happened. And I, I feel like that was like one of the real reasons pushed me to Ohio State too. 'cause damn E Gordon started, he decommitted took his ass home to Indiana, which was very, very smart 'cause that made no goddamn sense. Yeah. And then shit that was it Man, y'all homie hoop there. Devin Dunes. Yeah. Shout to Du Mo. Yep. Y'all have been cool though. Get him on the pod. Y'all have been cool at Illinois for sure. Yeah, that's my guy. Yeah, that's like that happen for sure. Yeah, you Already know. Damn that would've been crazy. You D Rose Eric Gordon that've been hard bro. Yeah I probably wouldn't have made it. You think y'all would've been better than Luther Head? Darren Williams and what's my boy?


Yeah, I like, I discriminate against people in their six deep bro. So I'll be like, bro don't ask me, don't ask me if I'm Oh You one of those. I kept saying I'm six seven. So like when you sit there, I think like any, I'm Saw a better career though. Like college career. Like They, oh they ran Illinois up. They, They Rose went to the Final four. Like the championship game is damn himself. Eric Gordon averaged 27 as like they was real. I probably would've been on a bench for real. Just Dead serious bro. You in a play bro. You six, seven bro. Throw you at the four bro. Nah, this college Bro that kills my in Big Tens. If I didn't get the ball, it killed my account. You Could've been the first rush for bro. If You want a star play playing like a star, you wanna play like a bum, you gonna get that Give like six Shots, bro.


Stop talking to me. I'm like, I got six shots man. My homie started the game. Shoot six shots. So bro with You dude lying. Nah, you ain't lying. What's so wrong with it? Tle man. What's wrong with you? I know you, I know we gotta get outta here soon, but you get the big deal from Portland after your good years in Boston, you do your thing, you come back, you bounce back. Now you get the big deal from Portland. What's that like bro. Man that was, you know what it's like to get some money bro, that Shit, That was the first time I really like damn. You know what I mean? Like, so I remember going to sleep 'cause you remember I just told you two years before they did me dirty.


So I'm like, no I, I just know my, my free agency finna be how it's going to be. And so I remember I'm like waking, I talked to my agent of the night before it starts pause and I legit, he said we should be straight, we'll have some dope stuff going. Like we gonna start at like 50. I'm like, oh that's perfect. Like shit, I'll do 50. And I just remember like going to sleep and waking up in the middle of the night and being like, bro, if they gimme $50 million, I'm gonna be mad then I'm motherfucker. But you know what I mean in my head because like I had to make up for the last one. Yeah. But I also say no, I just be grateful. So then like when I wake up, my agent calls me and like, yo, I got a deal for you. And I'm like, what is it?


And he's like, from Portland, I'm like, okay. Like I talked to Dane right before that. It's like, and I'm like, well what is it? He's like, it's a four year deal for like 70. So I'm like 17 And he is like, no, like 70. And I'm like, oh my god. Like, you know. So then I called my mom and I'm like, yo mom, I'm gonna sign to Portland and I'm gonna get like, I'm gonna sign to Portland for four years. 70 million. She's like 17. I'm like, no, like seven and a d and my, and like my mom was like, that's crazy. Yeah. She's like, that was the crazy. That's What I'm saying.


Yeah. And she's like, oh my god. And I'm like, yeah. So like I'm next, I was supposed to go out to Portland like the fifth. So like I felt like lottery ticket, like I was trying not to die Motherfucker. I'm like, They like, so July 1st get you up here and do a press conference. I'm like, wait, like today? They're like, no. Like I'm like the fifth. I'm like, no, I can come. Like we don't need to do. No honestly bro, I don't need none of that shit. Like just like go get it. Like let's get this deal and like call it a day. But I think like, you know, one thing that occurred that was like pretty cool besides like the money factor was, which was cool, was going to the west. I had so much respect for the teams in the west. 'cause I'd been in the east for so long.


I just remember being like, damn, like this is definitely going to be tougher. But you know, as a team, like goal, you know, I was able to go to Western conference finals for the first time. We had two 50 year win seasons and I thought like shit, like we were to adapt and do some dope stuff. Granted, I mean Dame did it his damn self. But I mean I was still enjoying myself and having fun. But I think that that part was just a, a unique time to try to, you know, and, and figure out, you know, new ways to play the game and open up your role. But at the same time we had like, you know, the second best back corner, the NBA and it was facts that was, you know, that's a fun time to watch, fun time to be around. But you know, I think personally I, I kind of saw it writing on the wall.


I don't know about you Jeff, but like sometimes you just get tired of like, like I always adjusting bro. You know what I mean? Like, and sometimes it wasn't bad but at one point I was just like, nah, like I keep adjusting my role, adjusting my role to the point where it was like kind of like null and void, which wasn't like terrible but it was also at the same time like, how else can I make an impact here unless, you know what I mean, unless I'm able to play heavy or you know, get to that, you know, be able to be in those final minutes. And that was kind of where I, I knew to myself moving on from there, I always just said like, yo, I'm not going to go overseas. The second contrast stop coming, I'll chalk it up like a man and just be like, yo, it's over.


You know what I'm saying? And the same way I was able to take like a 30-year-old spot when I was 22. I'm like, that's just a game. And I just knew like shit, that's a sign. And once 'em trade me like three times in a year, I'm like man that shit dead. They ain't finna keep playing with me. Like, or that 10 day shit. Like you mean like go somewhere for 10 days And did not play. You should even show you how Somebody like, ah, like nah bro, y'all kiss my ass. What's so wrong with, you know what I mean? Like we signed that and one thing, you know, I, I'm grateful for like the league and everything but I, I was definitely ready to start the new chapter and comprehend like, yo, it's, it had been a hell of a run but you know, Portland was cool.


Portland's a fun time and it was some great runs and great battles and, but it, you know, it was damn there. People say I played 10, I'm like bro I played eight. Like, you know what I'm saying? And it wasn't in a sense like nothing bad but you know just the time, time to change. Yeah For sure man. But you stuck around. But listen man at we gotta do this again man. You failing me at the show. You ain't even a guess but that's a fuck you wanna check my man's out. I gotta high at the 0.4 po. Man. Tell the people they need to tap into bro. You already know man. First off, follow me Evan Turner, Instagram and LinkedIn or wherever you get, you know you fly shit Out. Hollow is crazy. Yeah. You know how, you know how I get down. And then on Twitter it's the kid ET the only one and then shit, if you listen to 0.4 it's a normal way you spell it P-O-I-N-T-F-O-R-W-A-R-D 'cause niggas can't spell.


And then the last but not least y'all light this pause. Y'all be kicking it like it's dope is dope. Iss dope like subscribe because that's how you can help me out Deadass. Alright. Or else I'm gonna have to go back to work. Get That's it. But for real bro, I appreciate y'all having me on and what y'all, what y'all is doing is dope And like Jeff, you the coolest dude I ever met. No My dog man. No, I'm just glad you found your lane and like people can really see how brighter of a personality, how special. You know, dudes, you are in a nine crazy way. But like, shit, you know, I thought you was like cold at hooping but like bro, you funny as fuck.


So I appreciate bro, what you able to do and like what your, your homies are able to really jump on pause. I appreciate what y'all niggas doing. Love game. We appreciate that. Appreciate it bro. Be here and tell people that can grab some merch tags. Shop Club five twenty.com Baby, we out the Volume


Man. Listen, traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staying in the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah, Traveling sometimes and they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, pots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier For sure, man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified, ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man. It was perfect. Shout to Airbnb, how you feel about the tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart ti trillo, efgartigimod Alpha and Hyaluronidase Q vfc works by visiting vyvgart.com/moa. That's VYVG rt.com/mo a brought to you by Argen X.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine odu ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's OD o.com.


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Stay farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures your financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it, right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't? Right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.