
Man, listen, traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staring the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah, traveling sometimes when they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, spots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier for sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified. Ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man, it was perfect. Shout to Airbnb, how you feel about the tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great. Texting between two different kinds of phones makes photos blurry, messy, and security risky.


Not just that. It also makes sharing photos or even simply video calling editing messages or leaving a group nearly impossible. With WhatsApp, everyone can enjoy seamless messaging with the added protection of end-to-end encryption. Streamline your messages across all devices on WhatsApp. Message privately with everyone. Add enough of those supplements that leave you feeling nothing. SymbioticA is your solution to great tasting, all natural supplements that actually work crafted with premium plant-based ingredients. Their products have no seed oils, fillers, or toxins. Try them out and actually feel the difference today. Visit symbiotica.com and use code iHeart for 15% off. Plus free shipping on your subscription order. Again, that's 15% off. Plus free shipping on your subscription order.


Go to symbiotica.com. C-Y-M-B-I-O-T-I-K a.com. Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st. T-Mobile Arena. Here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, Doja Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier. Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crow, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more. Buy tickets now with axs.com. The Volume, You wanna know what the best thing about being a sports fan is?


There's only two days in the entire year that we don't have any games in any sport. So with all that action in the sports world, that just makes about every day game day at DraftKings Sportsbook, if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. You can bet $5 and get $150 in bonus bets instantly. All you gotta do is download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now and use Promo Code Club five 20. That's Code Club five 20 for new customers. All you gotta do is bet $5 for $150 in bonus bets only on Draftking. Sportsbook. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and W at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut.


Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs. Alright man. We back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wells. Same gang with me. Will, I don't know if it's the same T. You know what I'm saying? Nah, I, I don't know how I can say this. This the same And we, we got a lot. Well fuck it. He talking about me.


We got Yes I am. We got a lot to talk about today. Until I left my dog Bishop B, he out Pearl. He how you what? Nasty cool and nasty. You know what I mean? Shout out to trusting the process. I'm rocking y'all shit today. Right on for the big ass book bag too. I appreciate y'all. That boy got the book bag on the throne of Black Air Force ones. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. That's where it belongs. Trust the process. They must rob banks. Nah, don't do them like they back. Cub Cubs was stored for, this is a friend for the community. All they were scammers. No, that's at the D one factory. You got a Chase account.


Wow. It used to be funny scammers. You ain't trying to get no money. No. Nick, I want a bank account for the next 20 years. Why are you mad at me? Y got union credit. Oh, Navy credit Niggas were scared for the Navy. That's nasty. Word. But to about right man. My dog Young Nacho, young tg, how you was Man. Man, I'm chilling bro. He was by the do for show. I think these some of the kicks that Mike wanted back in the day. Damn. He was, he was, what's it the yellow human racists. That's what's Yeah, I might pull them out. Pulse. So you did like Adidas at one point? That one specifically. Okay. Shout out to All Star weekend. Hey, I see here you pulled out some heat today. My boy. Mm, classy. Yeah.


This is one of my favorite. Outside of the Kenny Canes and Black Toes. This is number three. Mm. The last shot number three. I fuck with them tough. I think Kenny can's the one black toe second these three for me. Y'all might, you know what I mean? Switch it up. I'm gonna put them before the black toe. I fuck with the black toe. The black tow one for me. Just I, they just hit different from me. But them are elite. Them are very elite for sure. I was looking at someone's out the pack the other day. You remember the ones that came out the pack? They had like the little silver stitches. Yeah, I would, it would be fire if they like redid that like the DP packs and stuff. But I imagine it'd probably be like fucking $500 now. But it would be fire if they did it at one point again. Hell yeah. Because shit is already expensive anyway.


But that was a point in time that people forget too. Them mmds. It was a moment where them shit was flying off the fucking shield. That's a fact. If y'all could put your own Jordan packs together, which two numbers would y kaon in the suitcase? Mm. In a briefcase. I mean just y'all could pick any two. Any two. Like any colors. Any colors y'all want. Like any number. Y'all favorite numbers? Y'all can do two eights, a eight and 12. A 12 and a one, two and a 14. Oh, you give me a chance to do a pack like that? Yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go with a six 'cause I'm gonna go, you know what I'm saying, keep a classic silhouette and then I'm gonna wild out. I'm gonna do a 17. I wanna shoot, I wanna shoot to gimme enough space to like get my shit off type shit.


I'm gonna do a like a damn, I'll do a four. I don't know which four and I'll probably do a 11 doing 11. Yeah, I know that'll sale if I'm trying to sell. Oh you trying to sell? Yeah we cheating. He selling to a business mom. Yeah, if I'm four and 11, I know it's gonna sell. It's gonna go crazy. It don't matter what my color way gonna be. It's gonna be if you saying it from that standpoint, if I'm trying to get these bitches off the shelves, oh nigga we going 11 and three. Yeah, it's, it is flying off the shelf. Yeah, that's, that's cheat codes. But for me personally, I probably want a eight and a 15.


Hmm. 15 would be fire. Yeah. What you fuck with mine? I double 11 black and red Columbia. That's so that pack could beat that pack going niggas dying bro. Say we gonna bring the coach, we gonna bring the feeling back in the community. Nigga's gonna get stabbed over that release. What? That pack gonna kill people? No, 11 bro. No tears for sure. Oh that's man. Shout to Ball Ley Mike. I know what you gonna do. You gonna do a Rainbow three? Get the fuck outta here J Baldwins and the real j Baldwins. Get the fuck outta you gonna do J Baldman. What color is that?


Please don't answer. There's no win in answer. I'm trying to help you. He said this what you call them Barebacks? Bare bricks A bareback. Paul. That's crazy. That's why we can't get paid. Bareback. Shout 3D Retro. Hey man, it's been a couple days. Big my dog. What's up man? Big three, y'all back on track. What's good with it man? We got us some winning the big three. Man, we needed that. People was talking crazy. We gone ahead and got three his company up out of there. But shout out to Bees. He was trying to win the game by himself. That nigga was killing. Nah, he a monster bro. He still one of the best players I ever played against from middle school, high school to now.


He one of them. But they had a dude on his team. Nas, I don't, I can't remember his last name, but he hoop with Ball's Life. He'd be on YouTube and he'd be talking shit. But he was talking like he wanted to play against us and he wanted to, he was gonna go at us and kill us. And he was before the game. You know I'm eavesdropping And. we warming up. He out there talk, he warming up hard. He talking like to Body Bag on our team. Another dude that do YouTube hoop, he like, man if I don't kill, if I don't get more than two points take my contract. He just talking. I'm listening. I'm like, and Body Bag was like, oh my killer here.


And he pointed at me like my killer here 'cause you know I don't be coming to shit sometimes. He like my killer head, are we good? We gonna win. He was like, yeah, all right. Yeah. All right. Y'all gonna be going home soon. I was like, yeah let me mark him. I don't even know him but he talking a lot. I you know niggas kill you. They don't really talk no more. Like, but he was talking, I'm like, he got in the game. He scored on me. I was shitty. I immediately went right back at him and got a foul. When MOOC sub in MOOC already had the memo already. Gased MOOC up. Mooc like, oh you ain't gotta tell me. I heard him say he wanted to play against the fatigues on the internet. Damn. I said yeah. So yeah, we was at him. I think he finished with two.


So we need that contract bro. Yeah, he had two. He had four. He had four. Where did he get the four from? I don't know. It says Na zero Core got four points, two rebounds, one assist. Damn. Yeah boy he got lucky boy. They might gave you a bucket. 'cause I don't remember you scoring the other time you scored one layup on me. Oh. It was a nice move too. Bees had 30. He sure did. He did that. He definitely did that. Damn. He let Nas down but shout out to them man. Shout out to Rio on and them they, you know them my guys, they cool as hell. Yeah, y'all was gonna say dog, they shout to you that first high clip. I said you're Rio and you're say oh damn. Yeah you wish it was be here.


Shout to Rio man. God bless you Rio Man. Go well soon. Shout out to my guys man. But that was a cool game though. I'm glad we was able to get a win even though we got robbed of making the playoffs. It's all good. That that, that one time, that one game man. We ain't had a game with us but it's cool. Damn. Hey man, we was on the internet earlier and I love my Twitter five 20 community. Y'all the best fucking people on earth. And they came across a jersey. Your pace of Jersey allegedly signed by George Teague. That nigga hair. Right. No fucking trash. We didn't know if that was your signature or not bro.


Just a J and a T bro. But whoever said it is George Teague. Who the fuck is that? That nigga played football man. They blend both of you niggas together. You said it was you and George Hill. I said that's a nasty collab. That's a crazy bad court. Yeah, we would've been nice together for real Sign another nigga in Jersey that was just hilarious. This you know on off the court. Hey you know what's crazy though? When I requested a trade to Indiana, I asked him to keep George here. I wanted to play with George here. I remember that. I'm like damn, I would want George on my team. He a great like player to play with though.


Yeah, both of y'all both could play the one in the two. Yeah, that's why I fucked with it. But like that's funny as fuck though. But George Teague is a nasty name. Nah, I shouldn't say that 'cause it is a nigga that played in the NFL named George Te somewhere. Somebody, somebody told me he was my, somebody told me he was my cousin. He played for the Cowboys. I there forgive all was little like your brother playing for the Cowboys. Pull that nigga up. Was he playing with Michael Irving? Nah, he wasn't playing with his nose. I said he Oh who is that? Still het Georget nigga. He was a killer too. Nigga. What'd he play Safety does? He got on a Burgundy V neck. He don't even have a position on here. Don't do, don't disrespect because they them the Hall Fame in the Hall of Fame.


Ain't nobody ever picked him up on Fancy Football. Yeah, he like what year he played safety? He was safety. I knew my, my grandma might have told me that. What year? 1970 fucking. Oh okay. No, no he was born in 71. Oh okay. I I don't sta Yeah, he don't do that. He got stats bro. I don't have him on the first page because he got sta he played in the nineties. But I have Wikipedia for Nick's born in the sixties. I know my nigga got stats. Yeah, he played in the nineties then if he was a DB though, he got Good Feet. He from Indiana? No. Oh. He from like Arkansas somewhere down south. I bet. Mm. There's not a lot of information about this man. Okay. Yeah. Okay. We, we never did fed shit so you know, I mean Well that's his jersey.


But he was drafted in the first round 20. Yeah. Yeah, in the 93 drive. Yeah. Oh yeah, in go era. Yeah, we was real life like that. Don't disrespect. You want Super Bowl. Oh that's fucking crazy. Yeah, he played on the same teams as my uncle. Yeah, And we played in 93. And we played. That's crazy. He did too. Now my uncle was, my uncle didn't start. We started, he was back. He was Georget back up. Nah, George position. Your uncle play. He was his backup though. Guy was, he was Georget back up. He got up. He actually got, he got drafted as a running back. So they He was a backup for show. He was a backup.


Yeah. Let's go. Shout out to cousin Harris. Shout out to the Ravens. Yeah, shout to shout to Ravens. He didn't even get his feet right. He was with what? What was that? He was with Dallas at that time. That nigga won a Super Bowl then win the organization. They literally only have him listed with the Green Bay Packers. I don't have the rest of it. I know he played for Dallas. He got traded. Yep. Dallas in 96. Woo. We definitely won Miami in 97. Woo. We was outside back to Dallas in 98. Nine. They loved us. Nine 2000. Oh he was definitely Dallas. That's Rick James. That nigga went from Dallas to Miami back. He was living the coke was, Coke was flowing. Ricky Williams.


Alright. Don't do my cousin like that bro. George you ain't never hit me up bro. I tried to you up years back. Crazy ass linebacker that that he used to hit the hit, hit the nose and nigga go kill niggas. Lawrence Taylor, Lawrence Taylor, LT. LT got a video said nevermind, I ain't talking about recently. I seen the old clip. Hey he just nevermind. I ain't talking about damn. He played in the crazy era bro. The nineties was definitely that cocaine era. Yeah a hundred percent until the age niggas had the soft helmets and then when boys got the the nose candy, that's when league got turned. That's when Blitz was blitz. For real. Damn. I wonder why none of them niggas made it past 30.


What are you talking about that soft as equipment and the motherfucker running at you. Motherfuckers built like cows in the sixties. They run at you full speed. Them niggas made it past sturdy bro ain't to Niggas from the sixties and seventies still living bro. It's a lot NFL pensions that have not been fulfilled bro. Facts, y'all fucked up. Get Wilson on. Y'all fucked up man. Oh shit. But hey man, we, it is been away since we been in the studio. Shout out to the Olympics man. The Olympics been fucking crazy. Snoop Dogg being an ambassador for the Olympics is still to me the craziest but dopest shit ever. Yeah, like to see him walk around with the torches absolutely crazy.


This summer Hennessy encourages you to shake things up and explore new possibilities. A partnership with some of their friends and family. Hennessy is putting their twist on some of your favorite cocktails, including the margarita, the berry mojito. These fresh cocktails will turn your next gathering into something more. Set things off with a Hennessy margarita, a squeeze of fresh lime juice and a bit of agave syrup topped off with ice and a salted rim. Mix it, shake it, pour it, and enjoy. Hennessy. Hennessy made for more. Please enjoy Hennessy responsibly 21 and over only. All right man. Listen, I know it just happened but I'm reminiscing to how we all slid to Vegas for the fight.


What was crazy is, you know what I'm saying, we, we had a little bit of an issue figured out. We was gonna lay our head, you know what I'm saying? We had equipment. I think the best decision we did man was decide to actually look into an Airbnb. The guest favorites made that whole worry situation. 'cause y'all was sweating. Y'all thought we was about to go back to the crib. We wasn't about to have no Vegas weekend, but Airbnb came in, clutch got us in a nice comfortable spot. How you like it man? You know what I'm saying? Normally I know you be. I know you be staying at some good places. You a harsh critic. It was perfect man. It was a really good time. Our state was perfect man. Perfect. And how you feel about the trip man? Love Airbnb man. Shout out to y'all. What's your favorite part about the big experience man? Was it being a, you know what I'm saying? The comfortability, the air condition.


It is hot man. Shout out to the amenities. Look, if you're looking for a wonderful place to stay, Airbnb is the first place to look. Texting between two different kinds of phones makes photos blurry. Likes messy and security risky. Not just that. It also makes sharing photos or even simply video calling editing messages or leaving a group nearly impossible. With WhatsApp, everyone can enjoy seamless messaging with the added protection of end-to-end encryption. Streamline your messages across all devices on WhatsApp message privately. With everyone Had enough of those supplements that leave you feeling nothing. SymbioticA is your solution to great tasting all natural supplements that actually work crafted with premium plant-based ingredients. Their products have no seed oils, fillers, or toxins.


Try them out and actually feel the difference today. Visit symbiotica.com and use code iHeart for 15% off. Plus free shipping on your subscription order. Again, that's 15% off. Plus free shipping on your subscription order. Go to symbiotica.com. C-Y-M-B-I-O-T-I-K a.com. Our IHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Coveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani, cozier Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shi Booze, the Black Crows Thomas Rhett, Victoria Monet. Add more. Get tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they sell out@axs.com.


Hey man, speaking of Snoop in the Olympics man, one thing that we have to show some more respect to is some of our Olympians, I think one of the best Olympians of all time that does not get enough flyer is Simone Biles is because she won another fucking gold medal shots to the Olympic team. You know what I'm saying? Gymnastics team going crazy. But to see her, you know what I'm saying, perform at that high level. Did you see her crawling back bro? And that performance like that shit is crazy dude, that triple back flip is nuts bro, bro. Elite bro. She is retarded bro. It's not like some of the way her body move and her balance on that balance beam. It is ridiculous bro. Like the stuff she be doing, I was, I ain't gonna lie, I was just trying to like walk on the cracks on the sidewalk the other day. I'm like ain't no way in hell I can get on the balance beam in front of whoa.


Millions of people watching and try to do some shit like that. Boy, that's like a DUI test. You ain't gonna never win that motherfucker. Sure I've been watching my kids do that shit and them nastys bro. That shit is different and take a skill for sure man. Yeah bro. And that's the thing that is so far about the Olympics is that we get to see the best of the best at what everybody does. You ain't already seen none of these sports ever in your life but niggas get out here and be cold as fuck at it. Like seeing Chase Budinger killed and like volleyball is crazy. Yeah but I seen a meme that was funny as hell. It was like you be on your couch watching these great Olympians do all this shit and you over there once somebody fuck up one time you like man what the fuck he doing? Yeah that really be me. Like how she gonna mess up on that eight back flips in one. Oh my girl, them girls do be flexible though boy.


Man that's what he watching be like, I know niggas be bad. I be like damn I wish my bitch was a oh Olympian. Simone. Simone Bass on the thrust man. What? Hey you know it's crazy though. Her husband was talking about he didn't know who she was until he met him. Nigga you are a liar. He is one of the most greatest accomplished athletes of all time. But he staple forever for that. That's a bar that is bullshit bro. I didn't know you two B, A lot of people don't know about the Olympics though y'all bro. That's so old about in America bro. Niggas know who's bro social media bro. Bullshit bro. Liar bro. The world bro's fucked up bro.


Bro because I think he went to the joint bro. That nigga went to the league. I'm talking better bro. No you ain't wrong. Like this is what I be, this is what pisses me off about Believe it about y'all. Like y'all don't fucking watch the Olympics. Have y'all seen the girl? What's the, what's the game? Is it rugby? Where you run with the ball? Yeah girl. Have you seen the girl that's been running over motherfuckers? I, I just recently seen on the clips. Yeah, but I'm saying we don't know her. That may be we don't. That may be true bro. She's like damn near the gold. I know her well I mean because she look like a wrestler so I'm sure you probably No she don't wrestling Kelson. But I'm saying you don't know all the Olympians. Y'all don't know the greatest woman swimmer of all time.


Y'all don't kailee ledecky nigga what you talking about? Man, fuck outta here bro. She talking about nigga she's the coldest whisperer bro. This niggas you should said like the greatest killer. You shoulda said the greatest table tennis player, player ever. Whatever bro or whatever. Y'all seen the, they letting blind people jump over the thing. Now I sent that to y'all. Excuse No the nigga just had his a blindfold on. That is not real bro. That was just a blindfolded. I was about to slip it up. Put Stevie face on it. There is a special Olympics behind. Yeah but that was just, is there a blind Olympics? No it was a blindfolded, it was a blindfolded jump bro. Respect bro. Nigga was blindfolded to a long jump. So now y'all let blind people that nigga weapons bro.


What he talking about? So they blind just like he didn't even win it a line bro. Y'all dunno who that nigga is Bro. Right man. So shout out toe bass. I said all to say shout out toe bass's boyfriend, I'm on your side bro. 'cause niggas don't be tapped into that shit like that bro. If you, you low key weird if you know all the gymnast bitches bro. Why you know all them bro. You might be a fan. I feel you. But like the Michael phe, Simone Biles like certain people like that bro is national.


Them is like national ball. I get what y'all saying but if you're not familiar with the O Olympics or you don't care, you don't know bro. Who's the greatest volleyball Olympian network? Nah, you got, I ain't tapped in. Yeah, there is some of the thickest women in the world. You know I seen a meme today, dude was like I'm just sitting here waiting for the Dominicans versus the Brazilians in volleyball. But I'm saying that's a thing though. Oh I said that volleyball game gonna be happy. That's a gold medal right there. I who that's a classic now niggas is fans ultimate under under what Niggas got, niggas Got a set match.


Oh Man, what's crazy outta pocket man? What's been so far to me? Like I said, I got up and watched that the South Sudan in and Puerto Rico game bro was like at six in the morning like for insomnias and crazy niggas like sports tv you happen to watch basketball like that at that level or any whatever niggas compete for because niggas is competing at the highest level for this shit bro. What time is it over there having niggas hoop at 6:00 AM But it's crazy bro. Bro we in Paris bro. Oh it at Paris? It ain't in Sudan. No, no it's not there. I know Sudan and Nap at the same child. Not the same gems but salute. Come on, shout to Lu Wall. I just want y to know. There was a blonde Olympian. Her name was Marla Runion. What'd she do? 2000 track and field.


She placed eighth out. How many y'all let a blonde woman go to Olympics? Wait if she plays eighth and a ninth in plays? Eighth. Eighth. So the person who was ninth, she the Olympics. Right. Wait, wait, wait, wait. The person who was nice call her sad the fuck No, I I wanna know who, who came in behind her because you trained all year lost to somebody who couldn't see whatever was going. So that says more about your regimen than her shout out to her. Oh nigga her making it to, did she do in track and field first? The 15. The 15 And she's a long distance runner. Yeah. For Gump could. That's a hella they they, they probably, I wonder how she was.


They probably got somebody talking to her. She could only see shapes. She couldn't see. She could shapes. Oh she can't, she wasn't like blackout blonde. She was like oh she could see it but she, she's not, she kind of blonde. So she p hold it down. You hold it down, hold it down. You dunno what that is? No. Are you for real?


Hold it down. She would've been a, a group that was you had a problem with at the Hendrick experience. Oh my god. Oh I'm crying. This nigga said she had somebody talking to talking like the bitch had a Bluetooth on. Now she might. I'm saying like stay in your lane. Stay in your lane. It might been a coach, been a coach. But you know when you, your hair gets Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Been like crying bro.


The Olympics out the worst than everyone man. Oh p girl that was went to jail. Yeah, I thought that was like a thing that y'all was like abbreviating. Nah, her. Oh Lord said I'm   I'm innocent. I ain't i's going on. All I know is side of the story. The other side of the story. Pimp squad. Well she about to start crying nigga she know pimp about to bail.


Lost her voice, crack everything. She saw that door close and said fuck. He said Pimp squad niggas nigga. Shout to Olympics. Man. Shit, shout to everybody going crazy for your country. Shout out to the people who can't return to their country 'cause they ain't place it's different at other places. Miracle let you come home. So in the other countries, they got four Olympians. Nigga you better come back home with something I made. How much more money other countries make versus like yeah I heard we make 37,000 if you win gold. Yeah. And like Japan makes like a hundred in China they get like 700 K. Hmm. Yeah. Damn. 700 k. If you win, if you get bring the gold, bring on gold, you get 37,000.


You bring home the gold out here. Shit, you might as well work at White Castle. Fuck working. The rally is OT equivalent. Get the gold medal is crazy. The only person might not come back. That's a hell of a slave. But he sponsored the water polo team because they, they had jobs. Damn. Shout out the flag. Damn. And he been doing the the instruments and shit. That's crazy. Who Water p had side jobs. So he, he sponsored the whole y ain't tapped in water Polo. Damn. You got squash? He got them at 360 deal. He got fla. FLA out here show low real chewy. I wonder who FLA gotta deal with to do that? Why nigga don't watch Polo Polo?


Alright. All right. Oh my God, man. Oh that's funny. But more importantly, USA basketball to men's team. Hey man, Steve Kerr accomplishments is crazy and a lot of people won't catch it. But Steve Kirby doing some bullshit and getting away with it. Bro, it is crazy that Jason Tatum is not playing that game. It's crazy that everybody don't play like I get it. Somebody gonna have to miss the boat. But y'all be blowing teams out. Like how, how Tyrese holler Burton and Jason Tatum don't get in the game bro. Telling me that you can't find minutes with Jason Tatum is crazy. And any and any aspect of a conversation, bro. That's absurd bro. Even Tyree, Halliburton like why you can't find some minutes for them bro?


When we were stagnant and I was like, damn, we not gonna put in in Tyrese. Nope. Derek White, fuck Devon Booker starts killing sub. I'm like, what the fuck is Steve Kerr doing? It's a, it's a talented team of coaches and Steve be doing bullshit, man, Twitter, social media on his ass. Now that led to from social media to the players to directly to him. So I'm sure y'all, there's gonna be some changes here. Something. But then he do this though. I got these. Shut the fuck up. You gotta shut the fuck up with He got nine. He got nine of them. I mean, I mean just from the coach. But overall, we know his, his accolades is way bigger. A lot of people. But he be doing some bullshit. Man. I, I text jt. Wow. Get will soon.


I said hey, fuck them. He ain't respond though. Oh you tight. I I I'm a, I'm a I'm a colleague today. See, see what's the energy like in the bill? Hey, what's crazy because I wanna tell that nigga you look like me in Milwaukee Black. Oh that, that me pick chin up nigga. My nigga and Edward having a ball though. He's like, fuck them niggas. I was give a fuck. I told that nigga Ker, I'm Jordan. See that's why, that's why JT guys start, his energy guy change. You gotta start letting niggas know like, Hey, I'm him. You can't play with me. Pull like, I'm better than these niggas. I'm this, I'm that. I'm the champ.


Like you ain't gotta like brag, but you just gotta, the energy gotta be felt like Yeah. When you come in here like, oh yeah, I'm about to kill. Yeah, I'm about to kill this. Like, I'm about to kill these dudes. Like I love kd, I love Brown, but they ain't rocking me. I I I'm the face of the league right now. I'm the champ. You gotta kind of voice that a little bit. Or either people gonna play with you like Steve Curry, like oh yeah, Jason's cool. Yeah but I'd rather have kd he's relaxing. He's, you know, he's, he, he's okay with it. Like Tyrese. He, hey I'm happy to be here. Okay. Yeah. Happy your ass over here. Yeah. Yeah. Nuts. But still, like you said, you can't be on that humble shit. Nah, you can't be on that humble shit bro. Got to be on something like yeah, I'm one of them and Tyrese, he not like that.


He real, I'm a team guy. Yeah, yeah. But you see de booking them not like that de book like, nah nigga, like if de book didn't play it'll be felt, the energy would've been felt like Yeah he'd been on Team Mexico the next day. He he did the energy gonna be felt. That's 'cause they had, the way they carry theyself though, like Yeah the book come with the cholo slides everything. I just like Edward Shit. Edward told a nigga, Hey bro, no, ain't no Kobe on this scene bro. I like that shit. You ain't came off the bench. I I am not him. I I'm not here. I like that. And listen, I love the way Wade commentary that he's been doing for real, for real. I think he's been doing a really good job with his broadcasting stuff.


But he has got to stop doing that pronoun joke 'cause it is going to end very bad. It is already started. Ugly. Stop doing that please. Yeah, he wild. It is actually a super dope play though. No, no, stop. No it's a super dope play for what he got going on in his life. Yeah. Like everybody know where it's stemming from. Yeah. So it's kind of like shit I'm making light of my life outta life bro. Yeah bro. This is the Olympics so it's gonna rise smooth. But this is a Thursday TT night boy as you would get flamed. I'm saying but it, it's stemming from like, I just wanna say ab calm down bro. Yeah please don't take us in that. I respect y'all for giving us the footage shit.


But please don't tag us Antonio Brown tweets Please. Because it is his tweets. Who tagged y'all? People still was like, y'all see this? Yes. And I don't wanna talk about it saying bro, he, he retweeted and asked him what was his pronouns. That's what I'm saying bro. Dwayne Wade does a great job of commentary bro. Yeah, let's honor that and let's push that please. The other shit, I fucked with Dway man. I do too. Believe it or not man, I'm a D Wade fan bro. I just said James hard was better my fault man. Don't don't crucify me for it. Oh it's too late. But KD coming back killing like that, that was fire to see. Listen, I know niggas don't like talking about it much, but I think that's one the two and that's my four conversation of all time.


Respect to Larry Bird, Brian kd Nah, KD better than bro. Oh no, no. I'm talking about all time. Yeah, I'm bur got the more accolades but I I'm taking KD over Larry. Bird. Yeah. And I'm not even on my Dr. Omar shit, but yeah. Yeah. I, I I don't know. Hey, I I know, I think that I think the highest of kd. I think he's unbelievable. At one point I thought he was better than Brown. I was wowing but like I think he got good but Larry Bird special bro. Larry Bird nice bro. Real, he really wanted us. But yeah and he, how can I say it?


Larry was cold and that's not, I'm just saying who I'm taking. I ain't gonna say better because Larry Bird, he did have Kevin Mcha and them niggas on this team that was cold too. But he was the callous and he was for sure the best. Yeah he was the guy best, best player by long shot for sure. But it seeing K KD was like the first AI character in basketball bro. A motherfucker seven foot wet handle could do everything your guard could do and he could play defense nigga like a four. I used to make that nigga on NBA live. Yeah. Basically before I knew it was a Kevin Durant. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So to me why I'm taking kd 'cause he damn near seen fake when he came to the league. And I feel like Kevin Durant changed his game of basketball for Bigs.


He did. He did. So that's why I'm only taking kd, Larry. Bird is the greatest white basketball player ever to me. For sure. Without a question like, you know what I'm saying? But I know that's not saying much. No disrespect. But no I'm saying like number two pistol Pete. No, no disrespect but like yeah I would go, I'm take pistol number two. Yeah Pistol y'all. 'cause I'd be saying the foreigners and now I like them so they don't get a color 'cause dirt. Luca. But I don't know what call them they European, we gonna put them as European but American white players Larry Bird for sure. We do a a history tree song. John Stocking Steve National Canadian. He he Canadian. Canadian. We only White American. Yeah. Yeah. White America. That's what I'm saying.


No disrespect. And the rest Jerry. Oh oh. Respect to the logo. Respect to the logo. Logo and lyric. I'm gonna take Larry over the logo. Everybody else is foreign. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like I I we got David Lee no disrespect what's down there Tyler Hero, you know what I'm saying? That's not what I ident he identify as. Oh well I'm just saying that's is it him they or what? What you mean? Kevin McKay? What's his pronoun? I'm Kevin Kel was Cole. But nah, Larry, Bird K KD is a, it's a good debate. It depend on what you people do to win shit though. I don't really do off that. I just go off skill. I mean accomplishment wise you would have to go with Larry obviously. 'cause what he did for the league himself and what he did in his career is crazy as well.


But I'm saying if you gonna open gym, I'm taking Kevin Dur. You gonna open gym? You probably gonna take Kevin Durant over LeBron if you just turn open gym. Where did I say Steve? I ain't gonna listen him. He's from Canada. Canada. He from South Africa. He a nigga. Hey bro that's a, that's a, Mike looked that up. Allsburg South Africa. A real why Why do he get Canadian perfect Canada. It's nice over there. I mean he's damn near white but it still got some Nah bro. Do some more research on that Mike. What else we got? Look it up bro. He grew up in, he grew up in South Africa and then moved to Canada. Had to bro no way.


Oh shit. He is Canadian in the NBA bro. Yeah his lineage is different. But you could switch. Huh? I got South African twice. Hold on, lemme try it one more time. Yeah his, I'm just saying Eric Gordon is a Bohemian. Yeah he one of them but here we looked at him as a nigga from the north side. That nigga grew up in Indianapolis. What I'm saying he gets to play for the other team. Remember I told you I was confused. It my show. Yeah he was born there. Steve Cur from Africa is crazy. Yeah shout out to I bet didn't know that. YouTube. Yeah they gonna be like nigga we knew all that fact check. Did y'all know that Lou Alain is funding the whole suit so South Sudan for the past four years. That shit fire and I'm happy they got, they win. I got up and watched that game too.


That'd be Puerto Rico. Yeah I was happy to see that that was fire. Shout out to my guy man. Lou's a great dude bro. And we one of the coolest teammates I ever heard. I said this on the other show, but like him doing that just show what kind of person he's, yeah he used some of that four year 72 guy from LA Shout out. Hey somebody did the edit. They was just like, Lou Alde has been fun the south with that team day. He was like Lakers shout that shit was funny as hell. Shout out to Lou bro. Ali Lou Alde was raw. He was one of the coldest two-way, slept two-way players with Chicago. A hundred percent. Oh for sure. He was a big reason why that team was as good as they were. Yeah un he didn't get as much praise as everybody else did. But Wald was always fucking solid bro. Bro. One of the best catch and go players I ever seen.


He catch the ball on a run on the slot. Yeah. Lay up. He was nice. He and my duke, he and my Duke top three too. And the nigga never knew he was Josh Hart before Josh Hart. He never came out the game. Yeah. Like he never tips never took him out bro. Goddamn Lou tired yet. Yeah I don't give a fuck that Dinkin. Yeah he say he your top. He my top three Duke players of all time. Who y'all? Duke, grand Hill. JJ Reddick then Little Wild. Mm mm I saw then Elton Brand. I was about to say EB and then probably Zion Mines is grand.


That's in no order y'all. This is mine Grand Hill. I liked him at Duke. Yeah. I love re Langdon when he was at Duke Cold 21 was raw. What nigga I used played with him on March Madness. He was Field me, Bucky ah 21 was raw. He was cold. I never, I never really liked JJ Red at Duke but I knew he was cold. Damn. I ain't like J but I knew he was called Respect. But I loved love, love, love. I loved that team with Zion and them like they was dope. That's the only time I ever watched Duke. But I'm not gonna pick Zion. Jabari Parker made me like damn. Mm a hundred percent. You know what I'm taking, I'm finish a five. Nah, I only got three mines is I'm taking our boy over Jabbar Parker who he didn't have.


He, he kind of peaked at Duke Big. He didn't pan down the league. Grapher Jer, he was raw at Duke. He was, he was raw at Duke bro. And also Jabbar was a reason why a lot of that he had like the trajectory swift of that, of those recruiter style. Ja Cole. But that's also when we started seeing Harry Coach now was John Snyder, not John. Oh John Schneider. Yeah, John Schneider. He started getting them Chicago kids. Yeah. That kind of helps his path with that. 'cause he started getting that different era of of type of players to go to Duke. But he was like the first one and done. Really? Yeah. For real. Yeah. But Jabari was so raw at Duke. Yeah. I'm like yeah he different. He cold. He made me like look at Duke players different. I always thought Duke players a system smack the floor and he came no gas, basketball.


Yeah he came back something different. But Tracy Langdon was cold. I, I used to play a game with man him and him. I can't, my nigga Daniel ing there. You ain. Used to strap up on March Madness Ball. Yeah. Even though he gets on my fucking nerves. Yo Jay was cold ass Jay Williams? Yes bro. Oh nasty. Cold as fuck. Oh for sure. Nasty. Damn. They had an elite team too. I damn guy switch mine I damn nerve. Yeah, he don't get enough credit for that 'cause it's been a long time. But did he play, he played with Elton Brenda now? Yeah. Yeah they they was cold. Was Shane on that team? Yeah. I damn gonna have to if I'm Yeah Shane Bahe was on them teams. Right. I don't know if they all up the same years but we had to fact check it. They was all in school a long time.


I can't remember. I'm a do, I'm about to take Grant Hill then Jay Williams then Trade and Langdon. Yeah. I'm gonna go ahead and take Jabari out. Yeah Jay, Jay Williams was definitely better than tra ton bro. Yeah, but Traian Langdon right there bro. He was nasty for me. To me he was cold. Jay Williams was just way more athletic than Traian. Yeah, for sure. Hey man listen, I know it just happened but I'm reminiscing of how we all slid the Vegas for the fight. What was crazy is, you know what I'm saying, we, we had a little bit of an issue figured out. We was gonna lay our head, you know what I'm saying? We had equipment. I think the best decision we did man was decide to actually look into an Airbnb. The guest favorites made that whole worry situation. 'cause y'all was sweating.


Y'all thought we was about to go back to the crib. We wasn't about to have no Vegas weekend, but Airbnb came in. Clutch got us in a nice comfortable spot. How you like it man, you know what I'm normally I know you be. I know you be staying at some good places. You a harsh critic. It was perfect man. It was a really good time. Our stay was perfect man. Perfect. How you feel about the trip man? Love Airbnb man. Shout out to y'all. What's your favorite part about the big experience man? Was it being a B? You know what I'm saying? The comfortability, the air condition. It is hot man. Shout out to the amenities. Look, if you looking for wonderful place to stay, Airbnb is the first place to look. Texting between two different kinds of phones makes photos blurry, lights messy and security risky.


Not just that. It also makes sharing photos or even simply video calling editing messages or leaving a group nearly impossible. With WhatsApp, everyone can enjoy seamless messaging with the added protection of end-to-end encryption. Streamline your messages across all devices on WhatsApp. Message privately with everyone. Add enough of those supplements that leave you feeling nothing. SymbioticA is your solution to great tasting all natural supplements that actually work crafted with premium plant-based ingredients. Their products have no seed oils, fillers or toxins. Try them out and actually feel the difference today. Visit symbiotica.com and use code iHeart for 15% off. Plus free shipping on your subscription order. Again, that's 15% off. Plus free shipping on your subscription order.


Go to symbiotica.com C-Y-M-B-I-O-T-I-K a.com. Our IHeartRadio Music festivals presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Coveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani, cozier. Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shi Booze. The Black Crows Thomas Rhett, Victoria Monet. Add more. Get tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they sell out@axs.com. LeBron still killing like this is crazy. I know we talk about this enough.


I know we nod glazing but just to see the hierarchy highway talking about LeBron's the best player we like nigga. Yeah y'all just capping. But to see him close out games or hit him like set the tone. Them teams be crazy as fuck to still watch bro. LeBron shouldn't still be doing the shit. Nah, LeBron unbelievable bro. I don't got too much more I can say about him. He is, I think the world talk about him enough. He he he the chosen one shit. Yeah bro. Hearing D Wade commentate like damn like what did I do wrong? Did this nigga still killing it? I'm out here commentating this game. It's funny as fuck to see. I'm like damn they was close in that same age group of shit but you got drafted the same year. Come on man. Fuck. But you played different too. Like not really though bro. LeBron just a fucking side work at this point. Not a hundred percent but I'm just saying D Wade hoop like Iversson bro.


He threw his body everywhere so he put a lot of wear and tear on his body while he was in the league. I mean he killed early. He played a lot of games early. Technically LeBron do the same shit. I know bro. But he's, he's injected and spent money. No, I'm saying like I'm not being funny like the money and shit is different. I don't know if Dway spent that type of, I think Dway saying like I didn't take care of my body. Like this nigga probably couldn't bro Dway came into the league with any like Yeah he was already fucked up and he was like 23. He ain't had no meniscus. Like when I think when he came in the league. Yeah. So he came in the league like T at the end and you battled through all them years. You came in the league, you turned up instantly. You was the first one outta your peers to have real success.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? To actually lead the team. He let the old Shaq, I know people say but that wasn't Shaq for real. Shaq was still a dub. Don't get it fucked up. But D Wade averaging 36 in the finals bro. You know two, three years in the league bro. That was a lot bro. Nah, Dway was, that's why he is as high as he is on the list because that can never be ignored bro. Yeah can never be ignored. I just think he just played different bro. Yeah. I used to watch D Wade Way, he split the trap on the ball screen. I used to try to take that from him. His explosiveness, he was cold. They class is raw bro. It they class is kind of not really that raw bro, bro. I'm talking about like so far at the top like oh they top like position wise, like so far as LeBron, Chris Bch Mellow, mellow him and then it's like Kurt Heinrich.


Yeah but I'm saying Kurt had the biggest Kyle Cor No no, no I'm not discrediting Kurt. He, no, I'm just saying he got a good stint in the league though. Nah. So to heavy wise if that was a team they cold. Yeah, I'm saying then it's Kurt Heinrich and then I, I think it's like Kyle Corbert after that, that had like best careers I'm guessing. Yeah, but that 96 drive class. Yeah that's nobody's gonna ever fuck with that. Nah, not when you got Kobe Pick 13. Yeah that is crazy. Come on bro. It's, it's too many people in that who've had elite illustrious franchise leading careers to be N Shadu. Raheem used to be cold on live bro. He was an NB All star. He was cold in real life nigga he got to it.


I don't think motherfuckers be talking about Reef like that. Man. My cousin used to play with his team on, y'all remember Cor by Courtside? He used to be active with him on that game bro. Yeah, that's a good class. So Brian and them clash number two? Nah, I'm just asking. I ain't, they probably like the 85 draft like two Jordan, Hakeem Barkley and them. Yeah, that's, damn, that's different. Okay. Damn. I didn't like Donald Sexton talking about his draft class being number one. I was like who his draft class. I'll go through it again. They was like who? Like Trey Young and them. Yeah. Nah, I'm like it's, it is notable 'cause you got some kills in there but come on bro. It ain't the same. Nah, they got 84 ranked number One. Yeah 84 draft whatever one Michael Jordan know. Yeah.


What Bowie, what is, what is, who's number 2 96? Number two is Yeah, nine six. Yeah they outta pocket for that. I switch that. Who's three if you don't mind. 85. Who's 85? Paul Malone Was the win number one. Patrick Union number two. Terry Porter Day off. Oh yeah. Just by default. Yeah that's a bunch of criminals they start off with with in 2003 was number four. Respect. Okay. They started off with a fan. I'm fucking with that then. Yeah, that's crazy yo. I respect that for sure. We the oh nine draft at that should be on there too. Nah, it's, we got a couple eight about say that shit be shouldn't be that far off. Y'all got some, y'all got some up?


My bad. I say it shouldn't be that far off. We had some pretty Who? Not Who number seven. Number seven. Who's the notables? Steph Curry. James Harden? Yeah, I'm, I'm wanting to hear him say the list. Oh you got a mic of 2007? Nah, two nine. Yeah. Lemme scroll back down. James Harden, Steph Curry, Blake Griffin, DeMar Dero. Why they got you listed on here? Ah nah that's hard. Damn that's fire. I was, nah bro, y'all really gotta wait. Did you know you was on that list? No. Oh okay. You on there? That's fire after DeMar de Rosen? Yeah.


No that's raw. Y'all got Whip? Yeah. Where Drew Hall on there? He's down. Oh What they disrespectful They put Rick, you on there too? Our team is really fire though now y'all got whip, y'all need some bigs but yeah shit they got BG and today's gonna be at that work. Oh BG for sure. Yeah. Damn I'm shit he didn't pick out like I thought Damnit BG had a great NBA career though. BG was nice. He just got, I hurt. I feel like he should still be playing now. That's why I'm saying nah, I ain't saying like he got sad or nothing. You know what's crazy and I was mad that he was retired because you know he was with Boston last year then I wish he would've came back this year. I mean know probably if not in the same way, he probably would've ring win the ring. But yeah that would've been far. Yeah. Yeah because Black Griffin was cold. I'm shit that type of child support.


I'm probably throw the two strings on the motherfuck string too bro. Yeah, I don't got no income. Zero but be here. I know you don't go to movies T like me. I know you put up Compton the last time. That's nasty. Nah, I seen Bad Boys but y'all go crazy. Oh wow. Wow. Where I know y'all Cartoon Network guys. I sent this one out. Lemme see what's over here to do. I just love how hear that you wish to the movie. This is, I had the DoorDash bill. Y'all beat Ups. We can, I can eat while these old ass niggas talking about W Spider-Man Wrestling was the dead.


That movie was all right. Fuck Dead was we was fired nigga. That movie was all right. That was fire. I was happy that that actually came to fruition. I know that shit was, you know what I'm saying? The Marvel movies ain't really been that good these last couple situations and Jonathan Majors, you know, kind of fucking that up didn't help either. But this was a fire ass movie. I would definitely advise you go see it if you haven't. This is a time where we do spoil alerts, so I'm gonna give you a couple seconds. All right. I fucked with that shit. Yeah. I was happy to see them do it the way that they did it. It was a dead pull movie and Marvel letting 'em get their shit off his fire and them also hating on Fox at the same time as fire. Yeah. Everything was hate on Fox. I like that too. I like how they had some of the characters come back. Yeah. Fuck it. We spoiling like see Wesley Snipes as a blade come back.


That was dope. Which is crazy because they can't actually create the Blade movie that they've been working on for the last three years. Yeah. But he explained that in the interview. He was like, Ryan Riddle texting me, he was just like, would you actually do it if I made it happen? He was just like, fuck it, why not? Not expecting that shit to happen and that shit happened. So that's fire that they even put blade in that shit. That's hard. Oh, so Deadpool is like wilding out basically. He is. He is the club five 20 of Marble. He is. Oh okay. Yeah he definitely is. He's a wild nigga. He say some wild shit in that movie. Yeah. Oh okay, okay. And he, you know he be on his white boy, you know what I'm saying? Borderline humor. They be wilding. Yeah, but respect it. It was fire. It was fire. How they drew it all back in. Very entertaining to say the least. But the fact that Robert Donny Jr. Really just pushed Jonathan Major off the track completely is crazy.


Yeah. Get well soon for sure. Generational money lost man. Sure. The motherfucking majors major moves. Not by his part. That boy been taking Ls. That man lost. What's worse That or the hook? I ain't seen dpo so I'm going with the hook. Nah, what's worse? You losing that marble bag? Her, her movie. Oh, he lost it. He didn't play in it. Nah, no he wouldn't be no longer Marvel. They, they literally changed the entire three years he was set, his character was supposed to be the person for the next four to five years for the next two phases he played with my dog Colombo. Now you back girl. My nigga tearing two be up now working this way.


Back up at the game. I'm gonna tell you right now, if I see Colombo in a Marvel movie, see I want a refund. See I'm just saying. She gonna be the two B Captain America, Jonathan Major got too happy up there. We could get back to Marvel. But did y'all ever see the movie on Prime with Megan Good? Yes. That's one of the worst Tyler Perry movies. Oh man, I gotta tap in bro. When they shot the grandpa, I lost it. Damn. I fell asleep. I said yeah it's time turn. Tyler be doing it the way they started the movie off with the nigga taking the body out the casket. Oh you talking about divorce In, come on man Bro. Y'all know he's rated a dude named Cory Hardick.


Yeah. Is the number one actor in the world right now. Damn. He's because of that movie, He's ranked the number one actor in the world. I didn't say he did a bad job. No, he did a good job because he sold me a bit of piece of shit in that movie. I'm talking about the the script. Whoever wrote that I'm saying the movie got him number one. So it was a good movie or a bad movie. Terrible movie. It was a terrible good quality, but it was a successful movie. Got you. He did a good job in his role. He Executed But yeah, but the delivery of the movie was bad. Shitty movie got but the, my favorite part about it, he said he got paid more in Tyler period the first month than he's ever got paid for a role. Which I think is fire. Yeah. But Tyler Perry's explanation is he said, who are y'all to say what's good or bad? Black, black Films us nigga We black.


That shit was crazy. Talk. Whatcha talking about you making crazy shit our whole lives. We still go watch it. We still go fuck with you pulling the kid out. The fucking casket is crazy bro. Did he really order more food? No, he said used the bathroom. Oh, pulling the kid out. The casket was just, that was it for me. There were so many things that happened in that movie that was so egregious. It was just like, what the fuck am I watching? But I can't leave it. My favorite thing to do is watch how movies so bad. I couldn't stop watching it though. You right. Until, until they shot the grand po. I was like, I'll be the dad. Whatever. I was like, I can go sleep down when movies are so bad that you can't stop watching. I'm locked in. That's how I feel about Tuby. I love Tuby. Tuby is the best on earth. I don't care if it's low budget. I'm locked the fuck in because the Leaf is is awful.


It's gonna waste my time. I'm gonna watch it anyway. I still ain't tapped in a tuby like that. Check it out. Tuby got Heat, tuby got some look. The Colombo classics and when B hit Get Back we gonna talk about his old boy. Talk about the Hendrick experience is the reason why he wearing these fucking glasses. Episode his influence came through. He got classics on that motherfucker. But speaking of Marvel, we was talking earlier, we was talking about our favorite like villains. Villains. And I was gonna ask yo, who was your favorite villains? Not even just in the Marvel movies, but any like DC Marvel, any of the cartoon characters, whatever you wanna say. X-Men, whatever. Ironically I fuck with Dr. Doune 'cause he was just like, I'm smarter than everybody and I got my own shit and if I come over here I'm gonna fuck y'all up.


Leave me alone. Like when I pull up I'm gonna do what I gotta do and get out the way. I fucked with him and I also fuck with the Joker. 'cause the Joker was a wild nigga. Yeah, the Joker was. Yeah, the Joker was a fire heath Ledger joker at, I don't do fuck football by nobody. He fledged the only one that should ever been able to play Joker. Even though, I mean he passed but like he was, he was good at what he did bro. Bro, too good. Unfortunately. Yeah, but I don't like the one now with like Joaquin Phoenix like this the, they was just like, well this one just never going to be in the Batman stuff. I'm like, so why the fuck do we have a joker? He just gonna be a weird nigga. I want to see the nigga who outside getting active fucking shit up. Yeah. Beefing with Batman. Yeah. I don't wanna see a nigga that's just out here being weird bro. Like yeah, he's like you, you got a girl that's as crazy as you.


Yeah. Just not eating and shit. Like what the fuck? Yeah, nevermind. I should have said that. But like he's not what nigga? He wasn't eating in the first one. He was skinny as fuck. Nigga you could see his ribs and shit. Like what the fuck nigga, he legend was outside going crazy. Yeah, he out there robbing the mob. I don't know why I got these scars. I, I fucked with that. But my favorite was Bang Like I thought that was better than Joker. The Dark Dark Rises. I thought that was, I'm gonna roll with you. I think that's one of my favorite movies. Yeah, that shit was hard bro. I think that's one of the best trilogies ever. Even though Batman begins, it's just like, what the fuck? Yeah, that I've always been a fan. More of the Dark Knight rises than the Dark Knight. Even though they're both elite movies.


The Dark Knight had me in a choke hold because it was the first time I bought a 3D TV and it was so fucking clear. But this is, I'm not Stu y'all 3D TV was like 600. Okay. But it was so clear that I just kept replaying it. Like I just kept that motherfucker running. Like when people came over I'd just be like, look how clear the TV is. Y'all this nigga worked at Best Body. Yeah. Nigga would be like damn that motherfucker clear the bitch and then they had the glasses there. It don't matter. And they only had one movie that came with it that was 3D Worst investment ever. But damn it was a cloudy with a chance of meatballs was the only 3D movie. That's, that's the only two things you had a rotation. Only two things.


It was either that or Dark Knight. They was supposed to come. The Dark Knight is far, the Dark Knight rises like the B 'cause the B one liners is crazy. Yeah he he talked crazy to niggas that entire movie. I fucked with it and I felt like I could see him. I feel like you could see Joker on the street. Nigga could wild out like Joker. But I felt like Bain was like, nigga I'm forgotten but nigga I can, I could really pull up like a real person. I felt that like Joker some shit he was doing was unbelievable. Like burning a billion dollars and shit. Yeah like nigga ain't nobody doing that shit bro. This nigga ba blew up a football game. Hans Ward was fucking returning the kick and this nigga blew up the field. One of the craziest things I've seen, that's unbelievable too.


But niggas was returning the all outside kick on the fucking bombing. That shit was hard though bro. Who this nigga did damage during the episode? Nah nigga, the bottom of the toilet was like war. What's coming down? Shit. Is it something that we concerned about like now? Should we should stop? No we can pause but damn. Okay. Five 20 Plumbing. That's a na. That's the only fan. I fuck with that. Thank you for that idea. DJ call me long sleeve man. I'll not, I will not. We was talking about, we was talking about Tub Man you, you had a tuby legend at your party this weekend man.


Man the Hend spirit got turned up. Shout out to to motherfuck Michael or for Pull it up on me. That was Michael or man? No got Jamal. Who was that nigga name outside? Nah shout I I Okay. Jamal something though. I think Jamal Woodard. Shout out to Jamal well fucking with you. I appreciate your party Gravy. Right. The rapper. Who? That nigga played Biggie. Played Biggie bro. He's not a rapper too. Right. Jamal Wooder ain't just an actor. Am I incorrect this nigga? Well we know him. We the main character from Biggie. Man I appreciate you for sliding though. He left you the shades for the episode? Yeah, a hundred percent. Shout out to Freaky ao. You feel me? For bringing him, showing him around the city. He said he had a good time this weekend.


We was gone. We was talking about talking about the Tuby. Jeff said he ain't there. Watch Tuby. I'm trying to tell my nigga Tap in some classics on there. Yeah there some of him people he grew up with type of type of vibe. He said he a to be legend. Nah, he got cl. Him and him and Colombo. They the only people who got trilogies on that motherfucker. Shout out to Colombo man. Yeah my nigga said them Detroit movies on there be going crazy bro. Yeah. And they looked like they filmed him right around the corner from side of the house every time. Yeah. And I fuck with every one of them. That's the crazy part about that shit. That's like the YouTube for Hood for Hood niggas a hundred percent. Gotta respect the the small productions. He's a rapper. Yeah his name. Yeah that's what I thought was Gravy. Yeah, that's what I thought. His name is Gravy out of Pocket bro.


He was a rapper before he was a actor but y name being Gravy boy. That's crazy. And you a big nigga. That's hard. That's hard. That's wild. Pause bro. Big nigga is nuts. I'm in Chubby Nigga. I don't put his bars on bro. I'm on bro. Oh he rap like Biggie. That's why they picked him for the Raw. Alright. Alright. Calling the Big Dipper. I'm not calling him Shout the dog though. Alright. What's a nickname you wouldn't call like a dude?


Like like you know you got a childhood nickname like you know niggas got nicknames like Pooky, Moy, whatever. Yeah it is a lot of things. I won't say I, I don't even have a offhand but what about they call you Big D like off nickname Big D. Big D. Big D. I call her girl Big DDI know. Oh that's baby D. Well yeah, I don't know bro. That's that's Big D is called. This was crazy for a dude though. Yeah bro that's but because I'm thinking this 'cause a nigga he go to all the high school games he said court side, you know what I'm talking about. They call him, they call him D pauses but niggas E Big be like Big DI be like that's crazy.


Yeah, that's crazy. I be like that's nuts. So I was coach Big D that was outta pocket for naming. Oh boy. Chewy. That's, that's, that's that's Pause. Y'all named him Chewed. That was I that name been his name before we That's a wild nickname. That was his name before Weed. Shout to Chew man. Y'all named Chew bro. His he said y'all weed. I was introducing him. Shout to that name was before. That's crazy. Hey shout out to your boy Tys Jones getting that job in Phoenix. Yeah, I thought, I ain't gonna lie man was I was a little confused about the signing. Like I thought he was signed for like Yeah that is, I don't know.


I mean maybe he, I mean I think he's betting on himself in the situation because they said he had other suitors that probably offer a little bit more money. But I don't think the teams was as good as Phoenix or probably the possibilities. But I mean I think he just one of the most efficient players in the NBA and I would like to see his stats and what he did last year. I was just amazed that he got, he signed for that. I mean I'm happy for him get a chance to start on a good team. I mean I don't know if they a good team right now but potentially yeah I a good team but I, I think that they go still little thrown off by it. They solid still but I just feel like who in the fuck in that line up gonna play defense. That's where I don't get like they gotta, they gotta have 'em make another move. I think they need, they need another big obviously to make that shit work.


I mean they, they have enough talent they gonna win games. They not sorry by no means they solid but I don't see them contender than the West next year. They gonna be way better though. I would've love for him to go back to Memphis honestly. Hmm. He just fit them so well. They had a good chemistry core. It was all there. I wish he would've went back there and just been like back into that same row. Memphis gonna be all right too. Yeah. Ah for so they getting into it back and also, I mean Bud and Ties is gonna be a really good comedy. That's a good look for him as well. Nah, he's gonna thrive with Bud. Yeah he is. He play, he played kind of ball bud like so. Damn I don't see Phoenix really being the top tier team this year. I don't see them being top four in the west.


I think they they they good. They gonna win games 'cause they got killers in Hall of Famers but I don't think they better than any of the top four teams in the west. Like DJ said I think they just missing another big Yeah they get another big, it's a different conversation. They can hold that pay down but like they gonna be starting old buddy at the four of them near what's his name that we seen in Vegas? They just got the new deal I think got like 44 or something like that. Double zero. What's his name? Royce O'Neill. Oh yeah. Roy O'Neill? Yeah. Roy O'Neill. Shit not really. You gonna be starting Kevin Durant. The four Ty's gonna probably start. So you got Ty's Brad Bill book Kaner. So you gonna bring Royce O'Neill off the bench.


You just gave him 44. I mean shit you gonna bring bad Brad be off the bench? Nah you gonna bring Ty off the bench. They gonna start, the Tys gonna sub in I but that makes sense then Devin bring it up. I mean that's what they did all last year last that's a five then. Unless you gonna have ro I mean I could see Roy O'Neal coming off the bench and a rotational player. I mean it ain't bad. I'm just asking. No I feel you. I was gonna, I mean if Ty don't start, obviously that isn't, but I'm assuming Ty is starting since he took that position since he took a a sac. I don't wanna say sacrifice but since he made the option I'm assuming. Yeah I he's gonna start. He should. He should scrap draw. I told y'all east ain't shit bro. Don't say that East aint shit. 'cause the east got hitters bro.


Yeah. Told y'all last year the east kind of back a little bit east won the championship last year by the way. All you all you YouTubers shit east. You niggas did same shit at the end of the year. I'm saying Boston, Philly, Milwaukee, New York quiet. Nah, I ain't really quiet. Them was all good teams bro. And it's quiet after them. Shit. As far as contenders in the, in the east as far people that are good. Nah, I mean Atlanta, Charlotte you'll probably have more 50 win teams in the east. Well not 50 but you'll probably have better records in the east. Probably one through five You would've West? Hell nah. Nah, I don't know bro. You gonna ask Denver not gonna be as good as they was last year.


They gonna be good though. But they still gonna be, they got rust too, which is crazy. So they gonna have Denver, Minnesota, Minnesota. OK, CKC. Memphis, Memphis. Oh nah. Memphis ain't better than no we gotta see that shit. Memphis is better than the bottom four teams in the east saying they ain't top four in. They not top four in the east though. That's my point. They're not better than none. Teams we just mentioned they're not better than New York. They're not better than Milwaukee. They're not better than Boston. They ain't better than Philly. Nah, ill give y'all Philly. I I'll stand down to that. Yeah they not better. I ain't gonna push back. Well we had two so far in the, in the west.


We got, we got the Clippers got three. I forgot after I done we more bro. You got the Clippers? Yeah the Clippers. I'm not man. No I would put Dallas back there before I put the Clippers. Yeah, Dallas. Dallas. Outta respect. That's five teams bro. And we getting some teams bro. Whoa. I mean yeah if you gonna count the LA's that's it. I mean the Lakers. Yeah we count, we count one LA team. I'm not counting the Clippers. I endless year. That's crazy bro. We gotta see it's a different team this year now New Orleans for sure. New Orleans is better than Philadelphia. Mm. That's a hell of a take.


That's hell of a take. Honestly I am, I am joining. I wanted to do this on the show. The MB haters club. Send me my shit in the mail. I'm locked in bro. The shit bro enough bro. Yeah they hate you. I I no Philly fans hate me 'cause I shit on them 'cause I'm a Cowboys fan. Duh. I like I I love Philadelphia but I think to me New Orleans is a better team but I told them that. I mean I don't know about that but I told them that Yoic was better than MB remember we was on there. Yeah. And they was like what? And then to watch Yoic go against MB in the Olympics. That shit look crazy. Dog food. Yeah but we got him on the team just for that and he couldn't even hold that down.


MB kills yos too y'all. We can't do that. That's tough. Shout out to Phil. I mean it's different NBAA different game for sure. Yeah Nmb get the ball every time down in Nb. But NB go to work on Yos bro but and then Serbia Yoic get the ball. NB don't get the ball in the USA so it's a different game for a reason. Honestly. I mean it's different. You playing with superstars. He playing with if they both really healthy you with his local homies. Right. If they hundred percent, hundred percent. I'm saying if they are both healthy though, who are y'all taking for real Yoic every time. I mean and be really dominant but damn like you saying it is like going to factory. I get to play with all my homeboys. They gonna gimme the ball.


So if you going to play with seven other superstars and y'all gotta go against me and all my friends set picks and screams for me to shoot, I probably go cook you. Yeah I probably go average 40 you go get six shots, you gonna average 15 and be like that's true. Like damn he cooks you. Yeah I'm and be cold to me. I'm wrong with yo bro. He got a chip, he's, I can count on him to play. It's never a question. Is he gonna make it unhealthy enough to the postseason bro at some point I gotta respect that more than Yeah fuck the skills bro. This nigga's available every time and he got a chip that means something. But back to the main topic though, the west is just way better than the east. Y'all, there's more teams bro.


I ain't never said that. Pacers week, week Pacers will have a better record C than the Memphis Grizzlies next year. Charlotte, Charlotte week. You wanna, you wanna check on that on Well 'cause they gotta play out West more nigga. Everybody, everybody plays each other. I mean division does help but still that matters nigga. The patience division ain't sweet. Y'all just not good. I'm saying they gonna have a better record than Memphis Gron next year. I mean that's not saying a lot bro. If you put it like this, I'll give you that. Put it like this. If the patience was in the West, they wouldn't make the playoffs. We probably would bro. Oh bro. We beat everybody everywhere last year. It's 18 is better than y'all bro. 18 is for sure better than Eastern Conference ones. Y'all only better than the Golden State Warriors.


We keeping it a be only better than the Golden State Warriors. And that's, I don't know that's in any given night. Draymond gonna be mad at you for that one all bro. You see Tang might have a fight coming up. I seen my boy Lamo. He, he pulled out Paul. That's great. Every time I think I'm gonna get a good fight. So might something magically happen. I wonder why he did that though. Probably thought he was gonna lose. Damn. I hope Shakur, I think they said well Shakur might be replacement. They said that might be the, the replacement November 23rd. I don't know if that's official. I seen that. Oh I seen it before my birthday too. Yeah I seen that. That's all. I mean like that might be the next fight we get since Yeah that'd be dope to get them but we know the outcome.


I don't, yeah, I don't even know if that's gonna be like I don't, I don't know if I really wanna watch that. I like watching Tank fight though. But I don't know if it's gonna be a fight. You know what I'm saying? What you thinking though, knockout? Nah, I don't think he gonna knock him out 'cause I don't think they going fight like he gonna get away from him entire fight. He gonna get away from him. They're doing it for the views like it is going. Nah Shakur, he's on sure super defensive. Yeah. Yeah he defender like he is a defensive fighter so he is going get out of there. That's what I'm saying. He gonna be running the whole time. He ain't Floyd so I don't know. I would like to see him fight Cruise again though. Pit Bull Cruise because he gonna fight and he, he gave Tank a tough fight off of like a two week notice.


So I think if you get time to prepare and it's like I think it'd be a good fight bro. I think. I don't think Tank won. Fight him again though. I think Tank realized like bro it was a good opponent. He was strong. Yeah I did it. I moved on. I don't have nothing to game to fight this nigga. I beat him. I ain't about to fight him again. Y'all want boxing to go back to Ro Rumble? Damn there. Nah, I'm just saying somebody that's going to compete with Tank like yeah give him a fight. Like I mean the last fight with Frank like that was a, a very entertaining boxing match. Yeah. Yeah. Like regardless of what the outcome of it was, nobody was bored during that fight. Nah, nah, I just don't wanna see him fight. Somebody's going to just not try to fight him. Like I don't want you to go in there. Intentions to knock him out too. Yeah, like some people fight him should some people fight him like yeah I'm going in here not to get knocked out.


Yeah. Yeah. I don't want to see that. Damn. Damn niggas don't wanna die. That's why we like when he fight them Mexican fighters, they be like, I'm gonna knock his ass out too And they get caught slipping one time and it'd be night night. But for sure Chef forgot who he was. Dudes damn near beating Tank. Tank got him in that corner. Niggas dude thought he was doing his shit flipped up. He didn't want that Uppercut nigga out. It was shit. But he was dip with him though. I forgot who it was. Forgot his name bro. Bro. He sell a fight like other you think you got a chance if Frank thought that shit too, he got in that corner. Shit got spooky man. If he playing possum bro. Yeah man. Wonder coldest man. But look, we about to get up outta here. Be here and tell the people that can grab some merch. Shop qui five twenty.com baby.


For sure. We appreciate y'all like share, subscribe, all that good shit will be back next time. Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st. T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, Doja Cat, Dua, Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier. Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crow, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more Buy tickets now@axs.com. Hello from Wonder Media Network, I'm Jenny Kaplan, host of Wo Manica, a daily podcast that introduces you to the fascinating lives of women history has forgotten.


Who doesn't love a sports story, the rivalries, the feats of strength and stamina. But these tales go beyond the podium. There's the teen table tennis champ, the ice skater who earned a medal and a medical degree, and the Sprinter fighting for Aboriginal rights. Listen to Woman on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, I'm Jay Shetty and I'm the host of the On Purpose Podcast. This week I got the opportunity to interview Fat Joe. Fat Joe shares his life journey from the streets to stardom. You know, when you die, nobody cares what car you drive. Nobody cares what clothes you had. What they want to know is what did you do for the people?


Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one. MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on. Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season.


Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast starting on August 8th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.