
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com We've done your homework.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny weenie bowl. It's the Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59. Download the Draftking Sports book app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you just bet five books only at Draftking. Sportsbook the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and resort in Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, c dk nng.co/audio.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Why does sports bring people together like nothing else? 'cause we all root for one common goal. That's like one of the only times in life where if you black, you white, you, purple, brown, pink, pink. We throw religion, we throw orientation, we throw all that at the women rooting For one common goal. A Super Bowl that bring everybody together, right? All my life they grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice, got the roll of dice. That why all my life I've been grinding all my life, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice.


Hello. Welcome to another episode of Club Sheha. I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the prop proud of Club Sheha. Stopping by for conversation on the drink today is a larger than life personality. He's made a name for himself as a rapper and now a media personality. One of hip hop's most captivating talents. A respected artist, mc, songwriter, host, actor, social media influencer, philanthropist. He's a lucr. He is a a shrewd businessman, a cultural icon, an unmatched force in his community. A prominent figure in the world of hip hop sports and entertainment. He put song for his city with passion. A pioneer in the Philadelphia rap culture. A Philly legend, a die hard Eagles fan, a loving father, and a husband from the city of Brotherly love.


He goes by the name sometimes of Damien Gillard. Shake, Gil Alexander, Manu Ginobili. Shake Gill O'Neill. Damn Michael Gill Jordan. Here you is later. The gentleman Philly on Gil the Kid. Hey, I'll tell you what, do whoever wrote that, whoever put that shit together right there. That's a BMF man Gil. Yes. Well thanks for joining us back guy. Appreciate you man. Hey ladies, gentlemen, he been on one from the time he stepped in. Told, hey bro, from what you've been able to accomplish with million dollars worth the game with your boy what? With your cousin Wallow man, thank you.


Giving us hope, giving us inspiration because I saw you guys do it. I said, Hey, I can do it too. And you're doing it. Shit. You did it, done it. Still doing it. Mm mm We gonna leave you a bottle of that 'cause I You don't want turn off, you wanna turn off. Appreciate that bro. Yeah, That's smooth. Yeah, I, there wasn't none of that. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Gilley, I'm gonna give you fair warning, we are recording this before the game. Yes. Then Saturday the game is Sunday. This is going to air Wednesday. So boy, I sure hope y'all do that thing. 'cause if you don't, they gonna tell you up in the comments.


Yeah, but you know, you, you saying if you know. Yeah, you know, if my sister had a penis, she would've been my brother. Fortunately she was my sister. Alright, so check this out. The Eagles are undefeated when you run out of the tunnel with the team. Yes, they are. Are you running out on Sunday? I haven't gotten that call yet. You ain't got that call yet? No, I ain't get that call yet. When you first ran out the tunnel and you're bringing the team out and 70,000 fans and you feel that rush, how did it come about? How did that happen and what is that rush like when you run out there with that team? With the team? Well, you know, like a lot of people just really getting on, but to me, but if you, last year when we was in the playoffs, we wasn't playing that good.


I got the call from the team to come down to the locker room. Last year is all over the internet where I went down last year and talked to the team before the playoffs. Okay. So I have a relationship with the Eagles Okay. With, you know, with Nick Ani best coach in the league with Jeffrey. Lori shout out to Jeffrey, his son, the whole family, the best owner in the league. Shout out to High Roseman, the best GM in the league and Big Dom. Right? Big Dom's, my guy. So when I was doing what I was doing all year with my Achi on sports live stream and they just kept winning and every week they had to see me dance. Big Dom figured who else is better to bring him out the tunnel than Gillie?


What does That, what does that mean? You are born, you're raised in Philly. What does that mean for a Philly kid to bring the hometown team out of the tunnel and have all those fans cheering? I mean it means everything to me because, you know, since I could remember in my life I only missed three Eagle games. Really? Yeah. One of them was a blackout game. We ain't sell enough tickets. And two of the games I was in the Dominican Republic with Vin Rames filming a movie. Okay. So to me it's like, you know, we come from a poor city man, but Eagles win. The, the morale in the city is better is when the Eagles lose. The morale is down. You think about all your problems, there's no escape.


The Eagles is an escape. You know what I mean? So when I ran out the tunnel with 'em and the funniest shit is I run out the tunnel and I drive down to the ground. I started doing the Brian, do You hit the Wolverine on? Yeah, I Hit the Wolverine on Right now. Get up, let's go. I run to the front of the line. They about to announce the, the the players now. And I'm with, you know some of the players that run out first and in I turn around, I look at Kenny Gain well and the tears come down my face and I say, I love this shit. And Kenny looked at me like, you knew you not playing.


Yeah, I was about to say the same thing. You not, you not playing. What the fuck you do? And then they announced the players, I'm about them, All the players running out on, then we run over to the sideline and they National anthem is playing and that shit's balling down my face to the point they got to the end of the song. And I just had to have a conversation with myself. I said, what the are you doing? Get it together. You not, you got caught up in emotion like that you about to go to in the suite, you not tackling No, you're not getting no receptions.


Chill out. And I just had to wipe My face and be like, in my mind I'm just talking to myself. I'm like, you're Tripping. All season long before the game you play cameos Candy before the game. Yes, after the game. Blow the Whistle too short. Yes. How did you, I mean were obviously, were you a a a, a cameo fan or too short fan? How do you come up with the songs that you started with? Candy by Cameo Blow the Whistle too short at the end. Well Blow the Whistle is always been one of my favorites. That's your anthem? Yes, that's, you know, that's just a song. That's a great vibe. And I picked just like K 'cause I was letting the other teams know y'all Sweet. Wow. You know what I mean? So whoever we playing that week to Giants just like Candy.


I see it ain your wild. Y'all sweet. We gonna whoop y'all ass this week. Okay. And that's how that started off. So you know, tomorrow would be first thing in the morning, Kansas City Chiefs just like can. Yeah, we got something for y'all. But you're dancing, you dancing, electric slide the chacha. So how, I mean what's going on when you like you doing this and you getting in your, you get, because it seems like that's your routine. Like players and flares, athletes, we have a routine and that we go through. Right. And we feel that if we go through this routine, everything's gonna be okay. Right. Do you feel like if you don't do that routine everything to the tee, something might go wrong With you? You right. Hell yeah. Even my broom guy that, that flew out, we bring Nat Broom, don't bring no other Bris.


So you just couldn't buy a broom down here. I can't. Why would we do that when we undefeated with him walking out with that broom? You better bring that dirty little broom you got from the house that's coming to the Super Bowl with us. Hit your slide. Lemme see. Lemme see you slide. What you got? Wait, You know, first thing lemme just tell you something. Right? First is from here, right? Yeah. UK You, You know what I mean? Yeah. And then you break it down and then it's this, it's from here. This is a, this is a old school dance called the E Mad in Philly. Right, right. You used to see Kevin Hart. Yeah, yeah. Yes. Then you bring it together 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 1, 2, 3. Then you crawls and then you crawls and then it right to the con of McGregor.


So What if you saw, lemme, let's say for the sake of argument, yes. AJ Brown scores a touchdown and he hits that. Oh, he's an all time legend. He's won down an all time hall of Fame of legends. I Saw when you say ending racism in Philly, when you are a neighbor, Jake Broman. Swain is in your videos. So how long have you known Jake? Well we moved into that neighborhood. Right? Well this, that's our studio house. Okay. That's like our, our office where we work out as a content house. So when we first moved in, you know Jake used to sit on the porch older guy. So you know, it would just be like, ah, you know, just keep it moving.


And So he was like the mayor and do the right thing. Yeah. He just, you remember the band hit? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He just sit on. Okay, okay. Okay. So you know I'm pulling up in different cars. I might be in my 1941. One day I might be in my 74 Chevy. I might be in my 89 Chevy. I might be in a Beamer. I might be in a BMW truck while he was in a Lamborghini. He's in a Porsche, he's in his Maybach. He in his 63 Benzs, he and his Denali truck, in the course of a month, he seen us pull up in like 12 different cars. So one day and then we get packages delivered every day, right. From different sponsors. So one day I'm sitting there and I'm say, I said to myself, I say, 'cause if I was a neighbor on this block, I would think we were still fucking selling drugs.


Yeah. So I said, let me go introduce myself to, because when we pull up, we see 'em, they out there like what the fuck's going on? He come here every day in different cars and just chill And don't say anything to Nobody. Don't say. Right. So I want to introduce myself. No, this is who I am. And I said, 'cause I probably figured you guys probably thought we were selling drugs and Jake said, we definitely thought you guys were selling drugs. So when Jake and 75 said that, right. Oh, you my guy, you are my guy. 'cause you kept it real. You didn't try to sugarcoat. Right. You let us know the whole block thought you guys were selling drugs. We couldn't believe the cars you were pulling up in.


So now he knows who we are. The block is comfortable. I'm gifting the block gifts on holidays even though I don't celebrate the holidays. And then Jake just so happened to walk over while I was dancing one day. You say sports, why, how, how does, and why does sports bring people together like nothing else? Because we all rooting for one common goal. That's the, that's like one of the only times in life where if you black, you white, you purple, brown, pink peach. We throw religion, we throw orientation, we throw all that at the window, rooting for One common goal. A Super Bowl that bring everybody together. Right?


You feel what I'm saying? Yes.


Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five books only on Draftking. Sportsbook the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction Void in Ontario, won no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Why is sports? So, you know, 'cause I hear I I've never lived in Philly or anything, but I hear everybody says Philly fans, they're so passionate. Yes. About the Eagles. About the, about the Phillies. About the 76ers. About their, what makes the Philly fan base so ravenous about their teams? This to be all the way honest with you. We just a rude city. No we be a bunch of, it was the mob did a bunch of jerk off idiots. You hear me? And we and we really take pride and being idiots like we don't give a fuck. You come to Philly and you lose walking out, that stadium's going to be the one of the roughest rides you had if you got on another team's jersey.


Wow. Man, y'all already won the game. Yeah. Little stall of my man. Let 'em go on about that business. Our mentality is you thought you were going to Win. Yeah. That's why they came. Absolutely. They thought you I know that's what makes us idiots. Explain Philly to people that's never been to Philly but you know it's, it's you guys. Boo Santa who boo the man bringing presents. Right? Who Boo Fanta. He didn't bring the right present. He wanted the Super Bowl. Y'all boo Ben Simmons Shit. Can y'all do that to Ben? Ben He, because he didn't bring the right presents, he wasn't present.


We keep looking at 'em. STA sheets, right. This motherfucker. Eight rebounds and seven points. That's bad. That's Horrible. How have the Eagles brought the city together this year? I mean it's brought the whole city together, the whole area. And I just don't wanna say Philly because Delaware, a lot of Delaware Eagle fans, a lot of South Jersey as Eagle fans. So it was brought to tri-state area together. I mean we just been, we just been kicking ass man. Have you thought about what happens if you guys don't win? No. Did you go to the last Super Bowl when they played, when they played Kansas City? Yes, I was right there. And let me ask you a question. When you ever was playing in the Super Bowl, did you think about not winning?


Nah. Did you think about But I could impact the game you came. I already impacted. So if you, You gotta understand. I don't run them out of the, out of the locker room during the Super Bowl and we lose. Oh they gonna be mad. They gonna say it's because Kelly didn't run him outta the locker room. Because the one thing Nick said to me, Nick said I need the greatest coach in the league right now. He said you're three and oh he understand. Oh this superstition messing in Sports. My energy is different. Yeah. And I'm used to routine so every time they brought me in their locker room, it's the same thing.


The coach come up first love you coach. He walk out, then the players come up and then I lose my mind. We playing for the, we playing for the name on the front of that jersey and the back of that jersey. And then I call out certain players your family watching what you going to do yo, your girlfriend watching man, what you going to do? Your mother's watching what you going to do? Good players is made during the regular season. Legends is made in the playoffs. Who the gonna be legendary today We playing for the name that's on the front of that jersey in the back of that jersey. But who going to make the name on the back of that jersey? Somebody today.


That's what I need to know. We playing Philadelphia football today. That's smart. Tough, fast and physical. Everybody to the ball. By the time we leave out their locker room, they ready to, they ready. They Running through the wall, They ready. You gotta understand, I walked in the locker room and Jalen Carter was like this at his locker room. He was one of the last people outta the locker room. And Connor Baldwin walked me in and he didn't even know who was talking to him. And I said it's not a planet earth that can block you. He turned around and seen it was me. I said I don't give a, if they brought an alien down from Morris, Saturn and Pluto, he can't block you. You understand what I'm saying? He said I got you og.


The minute we walked out that locker room, Connor Barber said, you just got the team of Sack today and that kid had a few sacks. So the motivation is different. You get the call, I don't know who called you, whether it's Big Dom, I don't know if it's Nick Ani and they say Gilley, you gonna run 'em out today. The Super Bowl. A hundred million people watching. Everybody in Philly is watching. What would that, what would that it's one thing to run 'em out in the regular season or the post season. It's something entirely different because they chronicled these games. Super Bowl 59, the Eagles and the Chiefs and Gilly Wallo Wallo call you the mascot.


But I, you Know. Well that's cool. Another Ass nigga. What would that moment mean to the Philly kid that grew up and watch all these Eagles game and he's running the team out in Super Bowl 59 onto the field to do battle. The biggest thing will have be getting me there to the Super Bowl. 'cause the minute I get that car I might pass the out. Boo Clear. Hello? This is the outfit that you normally wear when you run out there. Absolutely. What you, how you go? How you wearing the No this is a regular Vic jersey right here. Is that authentic Vic jersey or that's the one that, it's Authentic.


The one I got says Mike Gil Vic on the, it's a little different. It is a little different. Then you got Mike OV and you got Mike Gil. Right. It's a little different. Hold on. You said I saw where Saquon gave Wallo. Wallo say look man, I ain't really no fan. I'm a fan of the team that's winning. Yeah. So if you winning, I'm your boy. Yeah. You lose it. I ain't got no time. If you start, if I root for you and you start to lose, I'm gonna find me another team. Right. Sequ said, man, I come on Wallo back, you bandwagon hop. Right. And And you know what's so crazy, this Saquon first year here and he knew that He Been here for 11 games. So again Oh you like the Eagles now he was so thrown off that Saquon said that he was like, How you know that?


Yeah. Like Yeah, like You been talking to gi. I had to let him know, man. Real fan man. Your Sixers man. Yes. Gil. I mean y'all brought in Max is still playing out of his mind. Yes. Joe Embi has been Nick. I mean he played in the, the Olympics and then the knee messed up again. So he missed the time y'all signed pg and that hadn't worked out like you guys thought it would. What's going on with your 76 ERs? Bro? You want me to sugarcoat it? Do you Want me? Nah, we don't sugarcoat nothing here. This ain't no beignet. Yeah. Nah. Yeah. I feel like we made some wrong decisions.


One with signing pg. Wrong decision. I mean, until you prove me wrong. You know. Would you, would you prefer to keep Tobias? No, because at the end of the day, Tobias was under so much scrutiny it was gonna be hard for him to play for the Sixers anyway. You know what I mean? So, but what PG has come and brought to the team so far, it don't look like we got our money's worth. You know what I mean? Yes. It it is, it is like you, you, you looking like you, you having trouble beating people off the dribble. Everybody's staying in front of you, you taking a bunch of contested shots, everything is contested.


So I don't know, but I know he's coming off of injury too. Right. So I'm hope hopefully that he can get back to, you know what I mean, where he was. But as of right now, you know, it don't look good and as of right now for Joel and B, it don't look good as well because you, you played the whole summer with the USA team And you was Nick going into the playoffs last year. Why would you do, I didn't hear about you missing no practices. Oh, I didn't hear about you missing. Nothing. Nothing that had to do with the USA team. So don't tell me you going to kid out there and you going to tap dance for the USA team and gold medal. But when it come to the Philadelphia 76 ERs, you played 421 games and you missed 404.


Think about that. So you feeling some type of way about that? I feel I I I see I I I'm about a person. I'm about being reliable. The one thing you can't say, you could say you are a great player. You could say when you are on the court you are unstoppable. You could say MVP worthy every year. But the one thing you can't say is you reliable. You still trust the process. I been stopped trusting the process. You know what I mean? I think, I think we need, at a certain point you gotta say we might need to go with a different process. Wow. When you got three max players that's supposed to be superstars and only one of them performing.


Hmm. And we got like we, we like 12th in the east. Oh man, how can I trust the process? We saw Luca get traded. Yes. Would you be, okay, how would you feel if the 76 ERs moved Joe L and PI mean at this point I, I think I'm speaking for every six ER fan. We wouldn't have no we, we couldn't feel no type of way because like I said, when you go at games played verse games not played as damn near equal. So we get to see you on the court just as much as we get to see you off the court.


There's no difference. So at the end of the day, it's like, it is to the point where you, we never know if you going, you Going play or not. Who won a player like that? I'm the biggest Joelle and B fan ever. And I go on all these podcasts and I let everybody know nobody could with big nobody. He was averaging 35 points last year. But then the games just played is the this. So Do you believe the opportunity has passed you by, because you had a couple of years that Ben Simmons was there and he was play, he was an Allstar, Ben was playing at an all star.


Well he was an Allstar all NBA defensive player, Joe Embiid. I mean it's always been, he's kind of nicked at the most, inopportune at the wrong time. And so he's kinda limping into the playoffs. Do you feel that you guys have missed that opportunity? You had the Hawks down three one and you let them come all the way back. Gilly. Do you feel your opportunity to pass you by now? I mean I feel like with this team right now, opportunities whether Joel and Bead is healthy or whether he's not healthy, that that's what it all comes down to. If we, if we get a Joel and Bead that's healthy, we can beat anybody. But the problem is he's never healthy. Yes. And you don't get healthier as you get older.


Right. Knees get a little tender, feet get tender, hips get all fucked Up. You caught a lot of flack because you had LeBron ranked over the Philly kid rest his soul. Kobe. Yes. You still feel LeBron is a better player than Kobe? Yes. I feel like if LeBron James is the best player we ever seen in the world, if we never seen Michael Jordan play. So you got Jordan ranked over LeBron. Absolutely. That's the only player that you got over LeBron. Yes. Well, okay, let me just ask you this question, right?


If me and you both came in the league at 18, right? And I averaged 20 at 18 and you averaged 6.7 and average more assist than you, more rebounds than you, I'm the fastest player. The 5,000, 10,000, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35. The fastest player. We came in the league at the same time. How could you be better than me? We all, we we, we both got the chips. Matter of fact, you wasn't even the best player on your team at one time. I never walked into a locker room and wasn't the best player on my team at I got drafted number one.


I went to a team that won 13 games. Do you think that these grown ass men in this locker room thought this 18-year-old kid was gonna come in there and make a difference? They didn't. No. But I did because the next year we won 30 something games. So what, what are we talking, I'm not taking anything away from Kobe's Greatness, but what are we talking about? This kid had the most pressure on him outta anybody in history in the history of the game. Right front of Sports Illustrated. 10th grade chosen one. They said he can play in the league right now when the 10th grade.


Everybody's like what? He probably could've, Kobe Bryant backed up Eddie Jones at one time. LeBron James wouldn't have backed Eddie Jones up in 11th grade. And Eddie is my man. Yes, but LeBron James is different. Think about that. Yeah, he came into the league as an 18-year-old kid and probably was the eighth heaviest person in the league, but probably was the fastest person in the league. And he so was not taking anything away from Kobe. But Kobe used to go to a NBA locker room and put a robbing uniform on.


Shaq was Batman. LeBron never showed up and put a robbing uniform on in any locker room ever. That's the difference.


Hey, what's up everybody? It's Shannon Sharp and I'm a row partner. Are you ready to lose an average of 15% of your weight faster? Meet the latest offering through Row Row now offers FDA approved weight loss vials for half the price of those expensive auto ejector pins, no insurance or saving cards needed. And you'll see results faster lose and on average of 15% of your weight in just one year. This formula from Eli Lilly targets two key hormones to curb hunger with less nausea than other treatments. Your role affiliated provider will help you figure out if GLP ones are right for you with support throughout the process. Plus you can sign up online. No waiting rooms, no doctor visit. Just simple convenient access. Over 385,000 people have already chosen. Role weight loss, faster confidence, higher price cheaper. What are you waiting for? Go Toro. Do co slash Shannon to see if you qualify. That's row Do co slash shannon go. Toro co slash safety for box warnings. Full safety information about GLP one medication, gimme about Rushmore Philly sports guys.


So you got Iversson Chamberlain, Frazier Smith, Julia serving, you know him. Who are your fourth guys that you're gonna put on Mount Rushmore? You definitely gotta go Bubba, Chuck. Okay ai You gotta go Wilt Chamberlain. Okay. You have to go Joe Frazier. Okay. And you would've to probably go Julius Irving, The doctor. Yes. You went all basketball. You would've except Joe. Joe. I mean you got Joe beat Muhammad Ali. Man, I could put Brian Dawkins in there but he never won Super Bowl.


Right? You know what I mean? I do. I could put, I could throw Jason Kel in there 'cause he's a But can I put Jason Kelsey over Dr. J? No, I know I can't put him over Allen Iversson. That's just like, he's the all time Philly goat over everything. So Who's your best? Who's your best rapper? NBA player All time. Damien Lillard Better than Shaq. Shaq had more records. Yeah and, and Shaq had his moments too. 'cause Shaq could rap, he could do his thing and that's my guy.


But They ain't really got flow like that.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad-free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every Parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny weeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hoisting the trophy and you have a shot to score big betting on them at Draftking Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like player. To score six, go to draft King Sports book app and make your pick. New draft King customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly. When you bet your first five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk ng.co/audio


These days. It feels like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying, it's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it and Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can own the dream. Visit rocket.com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


Yeah, but if you going, who's the biggest rapper basketball wise, then it would have to be Shaq without a doubt. Alright, lemme ask you this. Yeah. Best rapper Hooper. Dirk j Cole Breezy, Quavo two, chain Game Master p Davies, Cameron, rod and Mac. Now I would probably say Davies Better than Breezy. No, Breezy's good too. But, but no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. My, the person I'm putting number one who? NLE Chopper.


Really? Yeah. He can really play. You know you NLE Choppa is the only person that I played against in a celebrity game where I had 27. He had 27. He matching me bucket for bucket. Like You know Master P almost made the leave. Yeah. But Master P needs a little tender. My OG hips ain't working the same, you know what I mean? It's back up, you know. So one. Oh, so one on one you and Chopper Who? Who taking it? The 15th? We going to 15th. We already beat him twice in the big three. So, and we going, Nah, one on one, we going one on One. We guarding each other. So he got all the work.


He he, he Got Gil. You ain't got no Gil. Everybody know when it come to the og. So we got a 40 in under list. So we got a four in over. I don't play, I don't play no over 35. No disrespect by game. Like I ain't playing no parked cars. Like I would not play you. That's the easy money. What about five 10? So we going five 10, we going, we gotta put a height limit and a, hold On. There's footage out there. Me cooking Lethal shooter. He's six four. I don't play no games. He's mainly a shooter. He ain't really no one on one. No, That's what I am. I'm a shooter. No you play, you play. No, I'm a shooter. You hear me? I'm open. But you are a three time big big three celebrity champ.


MVP. You gonna win it again? They brought the professor this year for me. Oh he gave you that work? He did. He got there and realized I signed up for some shit. Why they don't let you play in the NBA celebrity game? Because it's an easy MVP for me. They know it. It's too easy because, and then honestly I'm not even hyped at playing the NBA celebrity game because that's all politics. You feel me? Yeah. 90% of the people out there can't play. Right. So it's like you just got the right, you got the right publicist. That's all. That's why you, you, you never played basketball in your life.


Why would you be playing in this game? So that's about politics man. And that's a easy MVP trophy for me. I'm gonna stay with the Negro League. You believe you can beat Jamal Crawford in the 1 0 1? Yes Man, stop playing. Alright. I'm just saying Jamal, why you ducking me? That man is a three, that man is a three times six man of the year. Yeah. And he got 639,000 miles on them knees. They're done. He ain't done. They're done The man cook. You. Why he ain't 50 50? He hasn't accepted my challenge. I talked to him. He said me and my son going to get you.


Alright, well let's, let's do this. I'll get your son out the way first. Just to let you know this, this a grown ass man came sit down little jj. I ain't playing with you Man. Jj sit your little ass down man. But you want dad, I want, I want. Yeah you know what I want Four 50 points, four different teams. The oldest man to score 50. Dad, that that you let me tell you something. The one thing you, you know the one thing we don't ever operate off is no throwback Thursday. Shit we ain't operating off no throwback Thursday. Shit. I'm shit we don't wanna know about the bench you had in 89. What you Doing now? I'm deep fried barbecue bacon. Young motherfuckers right now I'm 48. I'm taking 1 0 1.


I'm taking breezy over you. I'm just saying I cooked breezy. Wait, hold on. You wanna pull up the footage of me at Breezy House? You could, right. Oh okay. You cooked it. Deep fried barbecue, baked rotisserie chicken uhoh. No but Breezy, breezy, breezy got games. Yeah he Can Really play Breezy can really play. I got one for you because you were talking reckless and he say he ain't gonna let him loose on you just yet 'cause he got other things to do. Brony bro will cook. You See Cook. See, lemme just tell you something. I let Rich Ball get away with that. Right because Rich, my man Rich used to run around in Philly a little bit.


Brony, You're too Little. No, no, no. Athletic jump high because shoot, I'm talking about you know where he done got me at. It's the reason why we a big hat man every time. Big thinking Man. Every time bro score You Right. Do that right there. But, but you gotta understand if me and Jamal Crawford play or me and Brony play one-on-one. Right. I'm 48 years old. Right. If they beat me 15 to nine I won. You let somebody's grandfather score nine times on you.


Nah, I don't think you get nine on Brony. I think you get like Two. Nah Two 15 to two. Shit. Ain't nobody ever beat me by two points 15 to two. Nah you all you gonna do is back you down post you up. I ain't running about that six four wingspan. You ain't Come down and say a person be six four but he got a six nine wingspan. I'm five nine with a six four wingspan. Well Rich Ball challenge you to a three point competition and you backed out. I let Rich, you know Rich is one of them dudes who, you know we got some business ventures going. You wanna ruin that?


Don't wanna Fuck that up Rich my guy, you know, after we close the bench and then I get him out to get the sit the down rich and then while we in negotiations and we going back and forth, I let Rich get that one. If Q would let you play in the big three, you play the big Three, I'm gonna play in the big three but Q won't let me because you gotta understand, think about this right. I played three big three games. Right. Every game I hit a four pointer and at least three, three pointers. Right? Yeah. Mario Chalmers played a whole big three season. Ain't hit a four pointer Man. Why? Why he catching Strange? I'm just saying.


I'm just saying what's my other man with the podcast? The point guard Jeff Teague. Yeah. Played a whole big three season. Now you gonna talk about you on Cook Teague, you ain't finna cook my five 20 guy. I'm just, he running from me. He keep calling me, keep talking about what we going to do. But anytime I'm trying to set up the game, they not playing because Teague, I'm telling them handle this, you know this going straight to Instagram, we doing this live, we not doing no filming. Where we gotta edit shit, I don't need to edit shit. I get 5, 6, 7 buckets in a row. Step your ass up and then you gotta deal with the mouth. That's the thing they can't deal with. Oh So you are try to talk about the game.


No, that's what I do. That's what I do. You better step up. Oh you didn't step up But see Bronny, you ain't gonna be getting that shot off man. You see Bronny throwing folk stuff out of there. I got a jump shot. Yeah, He did it up right there. I know How to get to shot. Right. I know Young Kobe d skills Bro is the bro is the truth. He's gonna develop into a great player. But the things I could teach him, it would accelerate his process. That's all I'm saying. But you did get a, a ba a basketball scholarship, something. Yeah. What happened? Did Wallo tell you what happened? Nah, Wallo didn't tell me what happened.


I got you here. Why Wallo me. Tell me I got You the way you see it. Then what happened? It's like I know some details to such. No, Well I was a young reckless kid but Coach didn't like you. Nah, at the coach love me. Shout out to coach Zeke love me. Okay. And during the summertime I had got into something of a armed robbery type of situation. Had something like, Something like, 'cause I changed my life brother. Yeah. Okay. I, I'm trying to make it look good and you stand up Like I got sponsors and shit Right there, you know, So You, I'm trying to make my, you know, but sponsors understand that I changed my life.


You did. We are talking about damn there 30 years ago. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yes. And a rest in peace to Allen Bunch. You know what I mean? Was a kid that was with me that lost his life and I got kicked outta college and that's when rapping started. Right. And it's one of the worst things in my life. If you got got that skill though, Gilly, you had a skill, you got a scholarship to play basketball, how would you get jammed up doing an armed Rock? No, I'm in college. I I know what I'm saying, you I'm actually in my sophomore year. Yes, but you got understand you growing up in the ghetto, right?


Yes. And I didn't, me and my mom didn't really have the, the best relationship. Okay. When I was younger. So I moved outta my mom house at 17 years old. I've never been back. I'm 48 years old. You feel what I'm saying? So I had an apartment off of campus I would go to, I went to school and the assumption was that I had family members that looked out that, that, you know that because I would leave, come home, I would give a wallow who was my little cousin, we would go do some crazy shit and then I'd go back up to the school. But I had an apartment off campus.


So I would come home, go back up to school, oh go play basketball tournaments. My schoolwork never was a problem. Go home, go back up to school. So when this happened, they had me on the front of the Daily news. It said Cabrini basketball star lived this double life. Damn. And then it talked about how I went to college. I, I was productive. I was on a team. I started as a freshman but then it also talked about how I got caught up in Some you jack folk. Right? So I got kicked outta college and then it, it was a little rough But do you rem do you remember the day that you, August 22nd, 1996, the day my homie got killed during an armed robbery.


Rest in peace Allen Bunch. Love you brother. I always would represent you. Shout out to his mother. 'cause one of the hardest days of my life was going to his funeral because he was a kid that went to college with me and he was, he didn't come from that shit. And when I told him what it was that I did, he didn't even believe the shit. But then as he started hanging with me during the summertime, he got involved with me. He wanted to go And then you know One thing led to another. Yeah. So shout out to Alan Bunch. So you also ran track too?


Yeah, I was good. So you, do you play football? Nah, I was good at running for mother. That'd been perfect for football. I know Like yo Wallo was never good at running. That always got caught. Yeah. You hear me? The cop you hear B the cop sirens go off. He's going to jail. That nigga Gilly is going to get skinny. Guys wait up. That's the police. What you need have wait nigga for himself.


What do you do anytime you hear from him You have a collect call from B be it's wild. How can I help you car? That nigga never Got away man. He was a juvenile. He never got away. I saw a shot. He's skinny high. He's slow and skinny. Man that motherfucker had heavy ankles, man had the heaviest ankles in Philadelphia. He hear me. He would, he'd be with six. Everybody get away but him. I got one for you. Yeah Kat, I think Kat get you in a 40 Til I cook the shit outta cat. You crazy. You saw that man run like four, five on the, in the 40.


You saw that on, on ig. Okay. Me and you both know that one mother four. Okay. 4, 6, 5, Motherfucker 5, 6 5 Come on now You don't got where that Was you. Why he ran down Monique that Was in a high school gym. Kat didn't even warm up and he was in some damn jeans. You know goddamn well it is goddamn wide receivers in the draft right now coming out the draft he running on goddamn 4, 5, 6. You know damn well that was six one Can Get you though. No you won't. See it's the difference you got. You Ain't ran, you don't run no 40 Gillie. Yes I do. I just ran a 40 at the Giants facility didn't I? Yeah. And what did I run? Four nine. What? Man, you ain't run no four, nine, no.


48. Yes. What What did I run? 4 9 2 4 9 2 At 33 yards At the no 40 yards. Who marked the, who marked the yard at y'all? No they Was, we was really at the Giants facility and I told them I could run. I was hyp the shit up though. I told him I could run a four six and he was like well we got the, the guy right here with the, with the take me out there and I ran a four nine first time didn't warm up or nothing. So imagine if I warmed up stretched and shit, you Know, 4 9 4 9 instead four nine. But I feel I'm going with Cat. Alright. I mean we could do it man for some money. I got Cat That, that'd be the easiest money ever gave me, man. Okay.


Hey Kat, I hey I just need Kat to train for like two months. Kat ain't got any McKay on tour doing shows man. You and Coach Prime good friend. Yes. Yes. You and Wallo, you guys were down there when he took off the Jackson State. You guys were really the first to lay ups. Yes. That showed up on the scene. Yeah, showed Love First game. First game you got, was there first game? How long you known Coach Prime? I knew Coach Prime for, for a minute. Man. You know Coach is a really good guy, you know what I mean? As far as speaking to him, you know, and Coach is somebody that I could call and get some games from. You know what I mean? And when he told us he was going to Jackson State, he was like, coach, we in, you know we going to come down there and we going to, we going to put some light on this shit right.


And we going to really help you. You know what I mean? Grow The program, grow the Program. Now it's up to y'all. Y'all win or not. But the light we could bring is, you know, is a, is a, is a different type of light. And and coach was really, you know, He was Receptive. He receptive of that. Like let's do it. And then they won, you know, and then they, they won the second year and then it made it even better 'cause Travis decided to go. Yeah. So now you got a big name coming. Shado. He could have went to Alabama, could have went here. He said, I'm gonna go play for my dad. So now you got some big names that's coming, that's also drawing some attention. You got us and he got Coach Prime. There's a situation. You guys are there.


The guy scores the touchdown. You running down the sideline with him. He gets in the end zone. He hands you the ball, you in the end zone, you spiking. What the hell you thinking I wasn't You like you ain't got no head on the shoulder pants On. But listen, but if you look at the video, they say Gillie you, you just gotta stand behind the white. Yeah. If you look at that video, coach Prom said it. He said Gilly's behind the white. I ran the whole sideline. Go n let's go. 'cause you know I know these kids. Yeah, I'm in the locker room. I'm dancing with him. I'm hyping him up before the game. I ran the whole sideline with him, but I was behind the white. I got to the end zone, he threw me the Ball.


I was like, Now when Tom Brady give his offensive lineman the ball, Tom Brady hit the game. The game they in the game Gilley for A minute, I was in the game. He threw me the ball. And Coach Prime said In Gilley's defense, why would you throw him the, like, what was he supposed to do? He run Down these typing you up and Then you give him the ball. See Penalty On the bench. I'm like, oh shit, that's me. That's me. The only thing that've made it worse, if you threw the ball in the stands, Why would why they would've made it worse.


Man, You can't throw that ain't ain done. Fell game. You ever seen somebody in college throw the ball in the stands? No, I didn't. I haven't, I haven't exactly. See, I don't even know all the rules. Dude, you know what? I was so into the game that they threw a penalty. I didn't even know the flag was on me or nothing. I'm walking up the sideline, I'm, I'm charged in Wallo head. And this was nothing about sports. He was like, 'cause I don't think you're supposed to do that shit. And Then did all common sense hit me? I was like, personal foul. I was like, that was the first time, the first game. I never went in the locker room. Don't half time I was like, Fuck up.


Staying on the field with the, with the cheerleaders and shit. I ain't going to the locker. Where would you wanna see Shado go? What team? I would wanna see Shado go to the Titans. Number one overall, Number one overall, no Noise. Titans is his place. He, you don't hear none of the noise. But I also believe that wherever your door goes, he's good. Because you gotta understand if I'm a GM and I'm drafting the quarterback, I gotta say to myself, this kid's been through a lot more than every other kid in the draft because he always had to live up to being Dionne Sand's son.


So he always had the spotlight on him and, and all he did was produce. Right? When he went to Jackson State, they said he was at a black college, then he went to the worst FBS school in college football. Which was Colorado at the time. Right? They was the worst FBS school in football, division one football. And two years later they're ranked in the top 25. So that shows you that he won in high school, four state championships. He went to college. They said, oh, he's at a black school. He, he couldn't do that if he was here. Then he went to a school that wasn't that good and took them to greatness, took them to something to where as though now it's an attraction that you actually wanna go to Colorado because they got Julian Newman now.


Right. And that's a, that's a product of Coach Prime. Yep. His coaches, Shado Sanders, Travis Hunter, and the way that Coach Prime treats his players. You got an opportunity to see Trav when he went to Jackson State. Yes. He followed time to see you. An opportunity to see him up close and to watch what he turned himself into. We knew he had the potential. But to see last year that Heisman and you got, you went to a lot of games, what is it like explain to people that had never, that's never seen Trav play in person. What is it like, First of all, it is, it's like, it's, it's kind of strange because Travis outside off the football field is just the nicest kid.


Hey, what's up man? Hey. But then when he step on the field, it's like a light, it's just like a switch. Go on. And he's a total different person. Don't throw that shit over here. You like Who that, What the, like that's the same kid. Like, like, because he's so nice and you don't even think, I wouldn't even think that he even like even had that like mentality to talk to. But when he step on that field, it's like, it's just like a total different dog. So, and, and you, you really be like, okay, he really takes this shit serious because he's two different people when he's off the field, he's calm, he's laid back, he's the nicest, he, and then he step on the field and it's like, I wish you would try me.


Throw that shit over here if you want. And it's like, he get it. Yeah. You've been mad for 27 years. When you met your wife, how did you know she was the one or do you know? I'm still trying to figure that shit out now. Look at my daughter sitting right there too. You see my daughters in. She Like, y I'm about to say she, I was tell Obama, No, you know, you really don't know if somebody is the one because you know, every day is a different challenge.


But after we got, you know, some time man and years in and she was just so different re so different from how I was raised. Correct. You know what I mean? I never sat down at a table and had dinner with the family and she, they did that every day, you know what I mean? Sat down at the table, had dinner, talked about the day, what you did today. And my mind worked two jobs and like I was like home, like making beans and hot dogs for my little sisters and shit. Right. So it was just totally different. And she brought a, a whole different perspective on life to me, you know what I mean?


I was a kid coming up straight out the street carrying guns. She's like, you gotta take a gun to my mom house. I don't go anywhere without my gun. I'd rather be caught with it than without it. I'd rather be judged by six than judged by 12 than carried by six. All the ghetto shit. The shit that didn't make no sense. Now that you sit back, you was like, why the was I, I'm at the dinner table with her parents, like, how you guys don't gun on my hip? I'm like, like parents are gonna do something. I should hope this hit the Floor. Hey, ghetto analogies. Right. That didn't make any sense. I would rather be judged by 12 than carried by six.


I would rather be a lion for a date and a sheep for a thousand years. No, I would rather be a sheep for a thousand. But the ghetto trains you to think some of the most Dumbest shit You can ever like. And I also say grow into a 95% white college was some of the best shit I ever did in my life. Because they took a kid straight out the ghetto who the white man was to blame for everything. Let's just be for real. White man locked Ricky up. Ricky ran in the bank with a gun.


So You talking about but growing up in the ghetto? Yes. It's not that right? Oh man, they just, white man gave Ricky 30 KK Raheem 12 years. They, they ain't shit. Raheem pistol beat the bell bro. Daylight and robbed Him. So me going to an all white college, it opened my mind up because I got up there and I understood that you got some really good white folks out there. Hey you got some that ain't shit. That was like, what is this doing on campus? But you also had some white folks that would them up if they said that shit.


And it just opened my mind up to a different perspective of life and even how to operate and be yourself around whoever you feel what I'm saying? The, so when I finally started doing deals and I was able to operate around whoever, right. I was able to be myself around whoever, it didn't matter. And because I was in every environment and if you never actually put me in that environment, never don't. I would you feel what I'm saying? I got black friends right now that if I take 'em in an all white room, he talking about how you doing? I'm Jamal. I'm like, thought you was bullet Head. I didn't even know you name was Jamal.


You been bullet head your Life Now you here with the, with a You done Switched up on me. You done switched up on me. So To to know you have someone, because it hasn't always been, you haven't always been this Gilly say to like the last decade, there've been some trials and tribulations. There's been some ups and downs. But to know you gotta ride or die in your corner. What's that been Like? I mean that's everything. You gotta understand. She went to jail with me. How you had the old lady go to jail? I I was, she actually, she took me to jail. She was the one selling the weed. Tell on him. I want you to tell this story But, But yeah, she went to jail with me and we had a thing called a Nebula hearing where though you can't bail out from the first, you gotta be locked up from three to 10, take from three to 10 days for your Nebula hearing to come through.


And it just so happens ours came through on the 10th day and she wrote me a letter from one jail to the next and said, babe, don't be over there stressing. I'm okay over here. I'm batting these bitches off. And I thought that was the funniest shit ever because I'm gonna keep away away my woman look, I'm like, They over they tear. Somebody got some cooch when she Wrote me That letter. I was like Was that the moment you knew?


No, I hadn't knew before that shit. She had to be locked up and Right. You trying to get me in trouble. No, but I'm saying you know, she the one Yeah, but she wasn't enough to make you stop doing that foolishness. Well she was liking the Louis bags. Stupid Man. You, you, I mean you like that. You you like the life. You know what I mean? And but that was when it changed my life. 'cause I said I, that's when I really, you know, I always had a relationship with God. But I said, if I get outta this situation, you ain't never ever gotta worry about me ever. You were done being in your way ever again.


Right. Or the police way ever again. What was your first impression when you met her? When you fell her for the first time? I don't know Whether you met her. You was in the mall or you walking Down the street. No. Know what You gotta understand when I walked up on her right now, you walked up On her. How, how you do it. Okay again. Okay. We Gonna go back 30 years ago. Tell you something. I'll FaceTime her right now. She'll tell you I smelt her hair. Yeah. You weird though. That shit gets you a case nowadays. You better believe it. But I said, I was like I said, you got all this long ass pretty hair. I said, you don't need no Paul Mitchell products or nothing. I bet you when you run your shit bounce don't it. She had never heard no shit like that in her life.


She was like this crazy. Yeah, I'm, And you know the one thing that good girls like crazy. She's been a part of my life ever since. You gotta understand. I used to have to go pick her up from the corner of her block because she didn't want her parents to see me. And then I just gotta tell, I said, listen, nothing is enough. I ain't picking you up from the fucking corner no more. I'm a grown ass man. I was like 21 ass man. I'm doing that shit.


You gotta understand. She told me her dad was black and her mom was Korean bro. Looking at my woman, I thought it's going to be this old light-skinned curly head with pretty eyes and that darker than you Pulled up. And she was like, that's my dad on the porch. I was like, the extra crispy, That dark motherfucker right there is your dad. She Was like, yes, do. I felt so comfortable after that. That was it.


I was like, he's a nigga. That's a, that's a field nigga. I was like, yes. What? I met her dad. Her uncle was, see I knew our uncle. He was like, you want something to drink? They was out there with the yank. Yeah, you want a drink? I said, yeah, I'll take a drink. What you said I like you. I don't trust people that don't drink. I was like, damn. That's when I also realized the littles was a bunch of, but whole family love me man.


Mom love me and I love the family and I, we just been together for so long. It's my 22-year-old daughter sitting right there. 25-year-old son. So we just been together forever, man. It's a beautiful thing. When you know that you truly got somebody that, you know what I mean, really got your back. What have you tried to instill in your daughter about dating? She's of dating age now guys, you find that it is different if you have no brand. They see her like attractive young lady.


Dad got some paper. How can we get some of it? What you tell your daughter about don't Make me kill You. Done gave that life up. Don't make me kill somebody Made Me go to prison. Nah, I'll play. I just tell her, you know, that, you know, for most importantly, you know what I mean? Just makes you always being respectful to yourself. You know what I mean? She was raised right. So she understand. You know what I mean? What's the dos and the don'ts? She See you and she see the relationship that you have with her mom. Right. Right. So that you, you, that's a perfect example of what you, you know what I'm saying? Right? Yeah. You, me and your mom, we have ups and downs. Just any relationship, right?


We go, we have arguments. We have arguments is only reminding the motherfuckers how much you love Them. Right. You know what I mean? Right. You got a or you got a mother relationship that's too quiet. Something ain't right. You know what I mean? Sometimes you gotta argue just to get the fire set. You gotta argue just to make up. Hey, hey. No clue, clue. You is Kevin Hart from Philly? Yes. You got a relationship with K Hart? Y'all be joking My guy. I could imagine what tomorrow's gonna be like. Yes. If y'all, if when we win, when do Eagles win? When We Win, you and K Hart gonna be all one.


Oh What me, Kevin Hart, meek Mills, Steven Fulton, four time champion, two weight division. He's over there in the house at Club Shaha. So man, the whole Philly going to turn up man. I tell you one thing. When we win, they think I was dancing before shit. Call me dm, goddamn dancing machine. What is, what is K? Because you, you see yourself, you see Gilly and Meek. We're gonna talk about Meek a little bit and his reform and what he's trying to do to reform a, a prison reform and, and guys on probation talk to Wallow. What is, what is K Hart To see his story, to see where he came from.


Philly. Just like you. A Philly kid. No, you gotta understand me and Kevin Hart from the same neighborhood. Why? Really? Yes. Kevin Hart used to live above a guy that was in my rap group at Lava Major


Figures. Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad-free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory of how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework


these days. It feels like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying, it's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it and rock It isn't going to stop until everyone can on the dream. Visit rocket.com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


What's up everybody? It's Jason Kelsey and I'm here with my slightly famous little brother Travis, AKA big Yeti Kelsey. Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, we're here to bring you a next level entertainment experience with our show New Heights where the LA Baby reigns Supreme. We're covering all the hardest hitting topics in order of importance. UFO sightings the ideal pb and j combo and Trav becoming a big time acting star. Big time is a big stretch. We've got can't miss a-list interviews though. That's right. And of course next level access to life inside the NFL and in the booth. Just because I retired doesn't mean I'm out of the game. Yeah, I mean the, the old dad shoes suggest otherwise, but those are the I'm out the game shoes right there. Listen To watch New Heights wherever you get your podcasts. And if you want to listen to us first without any interruptions and get bonus content, join one Three Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcast or Spotify.


So he lived on the bottom floor and Kev lived above him. Wow. Like Kevin is from we from the same neighborhood. So to see him make it out and I make it out and Meek make it out and freeway make it out and man coming from Philly, man that shit is rough. You gotta understand I got five main homies. All of us been shot. Think about that. Wow. It is, it is. It is a, it is like a surprise when you haven't been shot in Philly.


It's like, oh you haven't been shot. Yeah, you lucky man. Right? So when you come up in a rough environment like that, two years ago we had damn near 700 murders. Think about that. Wow. That's two dying a day throwing gun violence. Imagine how many people was getting shot. 'cause most people that get shot don't die. Imagine how many people was getting shot in Philadelphia. So when you able to come up out there, the type of environment and make something outta yourself when the whole everything is against you to fail. I gotta be proud of Kev.


I gotta be proud of Meek. Yeah. I gotta be proud of certain individuals because it's like, bro, you special, you one of the ones God wrapped his arms around, man, you know how many people in Philadelphia would cut they finger off to be in Kevin Har position to be in my position to be in wallow position. Meek Mill position, freeway position and a and and and a and a few others. Jill Scott Eve, you know, cool boy. So when you come about those gutters, man, it is rough man.


And if you can make anything outta yourself, you always gotta applaud that shit. You mentioned me and you watch Issa make with Freestyling in the Philly streets and now he's one of the biggest rappers in the game and he's trying to do a lot with his life. Learned a lot, been through a lot. You see he's trying to do with prison reform and and probation and parole. What's it been like, like you said, to see guys that come from the environment in which I came from and I know what it's like 'cause I lived in that jungle. I live that environment Right. And to make it out and to make something. What's it like to see people that grew up in a very similar situation right. As Gilly and to be where they are now? You gotta Understand, I met Meek when he was probably like 18 years old and we've been cool ever since then.


So to understand to what's most impressive is the growth, you know what I mean? Because you seen a kid that just had wrong talent. He didn't give a about nothing but rapping. If Gill ain't got the studio, meek want to be in there because they all came to a studio that I named that me and my partner developed called the Back Cave. Okay. And it was good because you can go right to the back cave, you can record your songs, rug mix you down and send your shit right to the radio right there. So when I see me coming, he raw and he, the one thing that that kid had that a lot other people didn't have, he had real hustle.


He wanted that shit. So it would be like rug whatever time Gilly don't got, because Gilly books the studio out two months now. I don't want no coming through there from 12 o'clock in the morning to in the afternoon to 12 o'clock at night. Meek would say, okay, I want to come in there from 12 o'clock at night to eight in the morning. Wow. And would really be hustling like that. So that's the reason why he's in the space that he's in. That's the reason why when you look up, he got all the cars, he got the mansions out, done, been to three of his mansions, he got the, he he's really doing shit at an elite level because his hustle is at an elite level.


What are your thoughts when you see all the hate that he receives on social media? You see someone that came, like you mentioned, came from the environment in which he came from do having the success, the success that he's had trying to do things for our community. And it seems like our community bite him in the Butt. I always put she see I I I'm the og so anytime Good boy will tell you, anytime they going through, I'm the one that reach out and I'm the one that, that, that push him into perspective for you. Because I'm older, so I've seen a lot more life and I've I've been through a lot more shit. Yes. So I'm able to push it to perspective for you. And I say you listening to Instagram Meek or are you listening to that 22,000 people you just performed in?


Because I just seen you perform in front of 22,000 people and they was damn near falling out the Raptors. So obviously they not the s on Instagram talking shit. It is easy to talk shit on Instagram. You could be a 16-year-old kid in Nova Scotia. Sheha you ain't shit. You, it is easy to talk shit on Instagram for me. I've never seen somebody's post and been enthused to talk shit to somebody because my life is doing good. If I got a negative comment about you, it's just in my mind man, I'm a crazy man. But for me to actually type that shit on Instagram, that's letting me know that life got you on the butt neck rushing head lock.


It's kicking your ass. Because I don't think about if I thought something negative. It's just funny to me, yo man, I'm a funny man. Right? You get crazy man. I'm not typing that on Instagram because you don't, or a person don't concern me enough that I would take time to write a negative something about somebody on social media that's taking too much time outta my life. Right. I got real shit going on. I have an energy drink. That's the official sports drink of the Philadelphia 76 ERs in the Chicago Sky. Pure Fuel. Wait, hold on, wait break. Dance on your tongue. You know, you know what I mean?


So for me, I got too much shit going on to concern myself with writing a negative comment about somebody. Right. You know what I mean? It's, it's just not in my, I I don't understand that. Right. Ja Z Jay-Z tried to sign you and you tried to sign you, your group offered you 12 points. What, what is, what are points in a rap? How Do you know about this shit? Number one, who you have some man, you got some good nigga this Shit up. We gotta, hey look here. If you, you know this Yes. You put a team together. If you can't trust your team implicitly, you need to get new team members. Absolutely. Absolute points is, is like, you know, when you, when you, how many records you sell, how much money you going to get on the back end residual.


Oh, it's not like the points you not gonna get against Bronny, right? No. Okay, Go ahead. I'm gonna use you was saying point. So, So, so back in the day, Hove tried to sign my group. Major figures. It wasn't just Hove it, it was Dam Dash, it was Rockefeller. Okay. You know, I didn't feel as though that the contract was right. So I didn't accept it. You know what I mean? Yes. I, I did a solo deal with Tony Draper and SW House's. My great friend to this day, two other artists that was on major figures, Dutch and Spade, they went over the entertainment. Another artist that was on major figures, ab lava.


He went over to Dr. Dre. So we kind of had this Optimus Prime thing going on where everybody could go get their own money on a solo thing. And we go and do the group together. Jay and Dame came back with the offer. I didn't like the offer. I thought it was a slave deal. I thought we would have to sell a trillion records to make some money. So I turned it down and that was the situation. But what transpired after that? I mean, some things, you know, some things were said about making it difficult for, you know, for Whatever, for you to, to be in this game, you Know? But Did that happen a lot? Yeah. If you refuse to sign with someone, it's like, okay, you're done. You're n you're not gonna work in this in industry.


It, it happens a lot in this game, you know, especially to a young kid that got talent that's young and naive. You like you man. What do you mean you gonna make it difficult? I believe in God nigga, shut up. But to bottom the the reality of it is, is that they can make it difficult for you. You gotta understand Wallo used to be Wallo was in jail, right? And he used to call home and I used to say, 'cause they blackballing me man. And I didn't know that he thought that I was full of shit until he came home. And then we would bump into people and they would tell us like, no Gilly was on the list that like, you gotta understand, shout out to Ccy for sounds.


You gotta understand. I did a, because I was talented, people didn't wanna block me. So he brought me up to MTV did a, did a, i I was on MTV, I did an interview on MTV and the interview was so powerful that they, they got a call from Universal, said, you'll never get a exclusive again. Wow. If you interview me, I'm just a kid just trying to get on. You gotta understand I'm in the car. I'm on my way to 50 cent house. 'cause 50 cent went to sign me, shout out to 50, you know what I mean? And I'm in a truck with Cosmic Kev, shout out biggest DJ from Philadelphia.


And he, he calls DJ Khaled and he says, man, Gilly got this record that's moving. And Khaled says, yeah Gil, I see the record is moving. He oh, you know, I always fake shit. You know. And then says, are you still beefing with Little Wayne though? I said, what the does that have to do with you, man? First of all, Wayne dissed me. Right? Anybody I ever had a issue with, they started the shit. I never start nothing. I'm mind my business, anybody know Gilly sit around, he smoke his weed, he work, he do his work, he mind his business.


Anybody I ever had an issue with ever, they started the shit with me. It's just that I'm ultra aggressive. So then when I come back it's like, damn, that was crazy. Like no, I, if I'm getting in the ring with you, bro, I'm not throwing jabs, I'm throwing jabs and hooks and upper cuts. I'm trying to get you the outta here. Right. So for me there's always just been, I mind my business, you with me, then you get what? Come with that. Right. You know what I mean? But back when I was speaking on, because you got me off this goddamn cognac, it kind of That You good though, Smooth too. We go, we gonna see you with a bottle, let you celebrate Smooth through my thought process.


He get you with that shit me, man. Shout out to this though man. Sha ba la portier Shaa ba love to take you something. Eat. It's A-V-S-O-P that drinks like an exo And the shit's smooth too. You sneak up on you motherfucker, motherfucker run up on you like a bank robber. So Jay signed, he signed state property instead of you? Yes, they, well they had went and got the deal and then we didn't sign the deal. So they had the deal lingering around. So they put some guys together from Philly and made it happen. And shout out the state property. All of them is my guys. When you signed with Suave House records, did you have to move to Houston? Nah, nah, it, it, it shout out to Tony Draper, the realest CEO that I ever met in the game.


You know, I went down there and you know, DRA was the first person that showed me that this rap shit was real. D Drake. Drake. Drake. Oh, Drake. Tony. Drake. Tony. Okay, okay. Tony d Drake. Okay. 'cause I got this Houston and you know, he, he set me up nice. He had the, the car pick me up from the airport. Yeah. And I get to his house and the gate's opening. Oh. Oh, he got all the cars locked up. I'm talking about Vipers with zip up windows. Yeah, he, I'm straight from North Philly. I'm like, oh yeah, what the, the bands in the rover and the Viper and the Bentley.


And then he, he come out and this glowing like, I don't know if the was doing skin regiments back then, but the nigga was glowing. So, but this 1990 mother was, he looked like he was, he was floating too. I'm like, that's what black excellence looked like. You know what I mean? Yes. He like, come on in and the got the fish tank built in the wall houses immaculate. This look like Meads clean as every hour on hour and you know, and then he took me over to the studio house. It's another immaculate.


And it was just like, oh shit. You know what I mean? Yeah. You can really make money from this shit. Okay. You know what I'm, because I didn't grow up a rapper. I didn't even have cable TV growing up. I never seen no rap videos. I had one dream to go to the NBA. That's it. I started rapping in college, playing around. We just used to smoke some weed. My man, he had a little radio, had a mic, he played some beats. We say anything, we busting out laughing. Then one day we was like, we going to write something. I wrote a rap, we came back, I recorded it. They never, they was like, yo, you never thought about rapping. I'm saying, I'm saying shit like this.


Man, stop playing man. Ain't no nut ass rapper, man fucks you talking about man, stop playing man. Because I didn't look at rapping as being a cool thing. Right. I just looked at it as just some fun, something to do. Right. And then when I come home that summer, that's when the robbery happened. That's when I get kicked outta college. And that one rap that I had was better than any body that I came across who had a thousand raps. Wow. My one rap was better than any rap that they could, you gotta understand, I had four songs out. The fourth song I ever made was number one on the countdown on Power 99 in Philadelphia.


The biggest radio station. So they're like the number two song Destiny's Child. And then they're like number one. And I got, I, I got a bidden war between every record label, Def Jam, priority Atlantic, Tony Draper didn't come on to the end. And I might got 12 raps. Literally like I went to the studio, the song was called Love for Gilly. I went to the studio and I was like, what I'm gonna rap about? And the guy was like, Marcus Graham, who was my manager at the time, said, well he wasn't really my manager 'cause we, he just was somebody that was just rolling what he said, make a song about what you got love for.


Make a song about what you don't got love for. And I was like, okay, let's cool. This is 1996. And I just went in the studio and I'm like, I got love for Thug and Thug Misses Marijuana, smoked mo poppers and Dime Sippers Drug dealers credit card counterfeiters locked up in all of my broke. I got love for wild parties and wild bodies sweaters by Armani killers like John Gotti. Bad women in short dresses with huge presses to buggy y binge with the triple head resters. It's my time to shine, you know, I'm going blind and Gilly got love for other baby moms. And what if hating on Lil Gilly was a crime?


It'd be no men left here. They all get the death chair in the top three. But I might be the best here. Low Rug Beats and Lens. And my guess where this is 1996, right? I don't even know how to rap, but a motherfucker said, said go in the booth and write a song about what you got love for, what you don't got love for. Okay, That's easy. I know what I got love for and what I don't got love For. And then that song is number one on the countdown. Right. So when you got there was M eight Ball. MJG was cute. Yes. Eight Ball. MJG was there. Ross was there. His name was Teflon at the time.


Yes. Damn. Then you signed with Cash Money got in the van for 200 K, right? Yep. But you never released a song. Why? Because I, this how I got signed with Cash Money. It was a show at the first u at the, the first union set. I think it's called the Wells Fargo. Well, okay. Right. And I was supposed to perform, Rockefeller was performing at the time. Me and Beanie and Rockefeller, beanie Siegel are click and his click had went through something. So Rockefeller made the call and got me off the, off the show Baby heard about that and was coming a few weeks later and put me on the cash money show.


When I came out, they watching, When I'm walking off the stage baby say, say bro you want to come cash money, I got a s for you brother. At the time I was in a contract, I was still was in a contract with Tony Draper, but Tony Draper, like I said, he was like my, my brother, he was like a old Dre gave me the game. So I called him, I said, yo man, I'm trying to do this, going this. And he said, all right, if that's the situation, you, he was in breach of contract so I coulda just left. Right. But he was so real to me that I said, you know what, This is what I'm gonna do.


I know how bad they want me. I'm gonna get them to pay you as well as give me in in advance to get me out of the deal. And that's what happened. So then they wanted me, so they hurry up and did the deal after we did the deal. They wanted my publishing, but the number they was trying to gimme for my publishing and the number that I was asking for was two different things. Right. So they never was able to get my publishing. We talking about a record label that owned everything. So you was like, nah, I can't do that. No. So if they got everybody else's publishing on the label and it's like, I'm coming in, I'm from Philly.


No you can't get mine publishing you. So it's like okay, put him on the back bro. He going break, but I'm not going to break. Right. So what, what is publishing? That means you own Yes. So you own the record for per Yeah. So if, so if you write a record, you get a percentage of the record. Okay. If you don't own the publishing, you don't get no percentage of the record. So if this record plays for 20 years, 30 years, they make money for 30 years And you get none. Nothing. So they didn't want you to have any, they didn't want you to have 10%, 20%, 30% of the publishing. They wanted you to give up your entire Right to the publishing.


Nothing. Yeah. Yeah. You did it right. You did right by that. What, what, what have you learned or what did you learn or how have you learned about the the music industry? I learned that all of that shit is fake. Really? Yes. All of it. That's why I don't go to no parties because all of it is fake. All of it's a bunch of fluff. All this is a bunch of drunk lying to each other. Man, we going to get together man. Mr. Yeah baby, I ain't got your number. Shut up. You ain't gotta lie to me no more. I'm rich. Matter of fact, I'm tracking you now and I might buy a couple of you masters.


You ain't gotta lie to me no more. I don't see, you gotta understand I'm this motherfucker. Right. They call us. Right. They say Gillie, we wanna invite you to the Rock Nation brunch. I'm the nigga that said why would I want to come? Why wouldn't you want to come? I said, you want me to keep it real with you? You want me to lie to you? Give it a buck. I said the Roc Nation brunch ain't of nothing but Jay-Z putting a bunch of on the lawn and then going in the back door and saying I told you I still run this shit. Gimme the money. Wow. You think I'm letting it use my brand?


Huh? See rich shit like this when you Yeah. Yeah. See how you you charge of that? I got this shit from Russell and them. I did. Yeah. But I be seeing the rich shit like this. You know they get a little money these cross they legs and shit. That's all this is man, let's keep it real. I got, I, I work, I I operate with 26 major brands. You think? I don't know what Brandon is. Come on. We don't work from New Amsterdam. Vodka manscape, Harriet Razors, Roman swipes, you name 'em, they come to million dollars worth of game 'cause we move a needle. I don't let nobody allow to use my brand with their brand. What do you get from going to these parties except for a picture? Don't even smile with you. If you ain't worth 500 million no more.


Let's be for real. Tony's smiling. They do when the billionaires in the picture. Look at all these broke ass on the law. Come on man. I ain't with none of that shit. I don't wanna party with you. I built a weight for myself. I made a weight for myself. I made my own way. Me and God man. So I don't wanna kick it with you. I don't wanna do nothing. I wanna stay in my own world, smoke my weed and make my content and keep kicking you asses. That's what I like to do. The beef with you and had with Wayne, how did that come to about Beef With a misunderstanding. It was never no beef, it Was just a misunderstanding. Just he disrespected me on the record. I responded. That was all. I got a lot of love for Wayne. Shout out to him man.


I'm glad y'all cool now. Yeah, I'm cool with everybody. Don't seem like you're cool with everybody. I am. I I don't have no issues with anybody. Okay. I just, I'm 48 years old. I ain't got time for Dumb shit. Yeah, you too old to be beefing Now. I ain't, I I ain't got time for the dumb shit and I ain't got time for trying to trick a nigga outta position to make your brain look good. I ain't got time for that man. Okay. I'm 48 years old man. I got, I got, I got kids that graduated college man we trying to do great things man. I ain't, I got grandkids man. That's the second time in three days. I done heard somebody say that. Master P said that on our live show the other night. He said man you gotta be careful 'cause people are trying to trick you outta your position. Absolutely.


So I don't wanna come kick it with nobody. I like to stay in my world because I understand one thing go seven years back wasn't trying to kick it with me. Come on man. Now I developed a lane. God said you never gave up these had you doing security at Ross right now. Pointing to the irregular polot you never gave up. Now I understand that all the had money for years. Guess what they is burnt A out. I gotta recharge a fresh pack of six pack of D batteries in my back.


I'm gonna run these s in the hole. You hear me? Yes. In the hole. And I told y'all before I'm coming to buy a couple of you masters. I ain't Lying. You ain't gonna do it like that. Gary crazy As shit. I'm coming to, they gonna get paid but my family going to eat off you for the rest of your existence. And even when you ain't even here. That's my goal in life is to, I gotta buy they masters You going, you feel some type of way, huh? No they gonna get a shit load of money. But, but I wanna own your life for the forever.


I don't want your kids to eat off this shit. I want my kids to eat off this shit because you didn't wanna see me. So this even exchange ain't no robbery shit. Even swap aint no window. You getting a shit load of money mate. I'll do some Michael Jackson shit. I bet you want for that shit. Offer him 10 more million than what he want. Wow. Get the masters. Lemme ask you a question. Yeah, the cash money model, Birdman, I mean he had 'em all. Yes. I mean he had the, the rap game. There was a stretch for about a decade. Yes. He cornered the market. Lemme tell you what I admire about Birdman and everybody know I don't really with him like that, but I'm real his hustle.


Okay. Ain't no going outhustle him. He gonna hustle. See, that's the, that's what, that's what people don't understand. They think, oh, you gotta be the smartest person here. You gotta hit no, you gotta do is hustle. And when God think that door should open for you, you gonna open it for you. Right. So nobody is, we, you gotta understand, I was around cash money for four years, man. We used to wake up, go to the studio, hustle all day, leave, go to the club, leave the club at two o'clock and go back to the studio and be there at eight in the morning and then wake up at one and we right back in the studio. So the one thing I did understand from cash money and I did learn from cash money is that you gotta hustle different if you really wanna win out here.


So if you wanna be different, you gotta hustle different. Absolutely. But what, lemme ask you this Gil, you you can help me because why is it that all the, when when you get money, people always think you did something seedy. Well, you the Illuminati or you, you, you, you, you what the gatekeeping Oh, oh, here's an overnight success. But nobody sees, nobody cares to know the grind or see the grind. All they see is the success. Right. And th and think it happened overnight. And I, and I get that, I get upset because like, hold on, what about the 10 years I was on CVS, right? What about the seven years I was on Fox? So how is that, if that's 17 years, how is it overnight? Right? What you see is overnight, right? I saw as a 17 year grant.


Absolutely. And that's how it is for me. You gotta understand what million dollars worth game I was giving out million dollars worth of game in 2012. Wallo didn't come home to 2017. So every day I would wake up and get a youth game. Let me give y'all a million dollars worth a game. Even when it was, the videos was 15 seconds. Right. I would give them something they could hold onto. You'd give a million dollars worth a game. It's only $5. Right. That's what, how did you come up with that name? Million dollars worth a game. Well, Al I always al there was always one of my sayings like You is, is a video of me Meek in Black de Niro in the studio in 2009. And I said, I give you to me dollars worth a game for free. Y'all just don't be listening.


I got a album called Million dollars Worth a game that I dropped in 2015. So that's always been one of my sayings because I always felt like I be giving game and they don't be listening, you know what I mean? And so when I decided to get a youth game, I said, man, let me give 'em some game where though they could, it is rolling un cut, but they'd be able to digest it. Right. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Shehe profile and I'll see you there.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent who knows the home best. It's homes shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic 'cause we came to play. Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.